A

COLLECTION OF STATUTES

CONNECTED WITH THE

General Administration of the Law;

ARRANGED ACCORDING TO THE ORDER OF SUBJECTS:

WITH NOTES,

By Sir WILLIAM DAVID EVANS, Knt.

LATE RECORDER OF BOMBAY.

The Third Edition, corrected;

COLLATED WITH THE ORIGINAL STATUTES,

AND BROUGHT DOWN TO 10 GEO. IV.

By ANTHONY HAMMOND, Esq.

OF THE INNER TEMPLE;

AND CONTINUED FROM THAT PERIOD TO THE 5 & 6 WILL. IV. INCLUSIVE.

By THOMAS COLPITTS GRANGER, Esq.

OF THE INNER TEMPLE, BARRISTER AT LAW.

IN TEN VOLUMES.

VOL. I.

LONDON:

THOMAS BLENKARN, 19, CHANCERY LANE; EDWARD LUMLEY, 56, CHANCERY LANE; AND W. H. BOND, 8, BELL YARD, TEMPLE BAR.

1836.

ADVERTISEMENT

TO THIS THIRD EDITION.

The last Edition of this Work collected the Statutes to the close of the 3rd of George the Fourth. Since that period, numerous and important additions and alterations have been made in all the great leading divisions of the civil and criminal Law. In some of these divisions the whole of the former Statutes have been absolutely repealed, and partially re-enacted; in others, former Statutory enactments have been consolidated into one Act; and almost every class has been altered, varied, or regulated, by new enactments. Some estimate may be formed of their extent and importance by a reference to the Chronological Table, from which it will appear, that the whole of upwards of two hundred additional Statutes have been incorporated in the present publication, and a great many others, of less general importance, referred to or abstracted. The object of the Editors of the present Edition having been to present to the Public every important public Statute, down to the close of the last Session of Parliament.

In order to point out the course and progress of the Statutes, as applicable to many branches of the Law, it has been thought proper to retain either the titles or abstracts, and in some cases, the whole of many of the repealed Statutes. This was rendered the more necessary, inasmuch as many reported decisions in the Law Courts were founded on these repealed Statutes, and

iv ADVERTISEMENT

which, in many cases, are applicable to the new enactments. The Statutes repealed since the last Edition, are added immediately after the Chronological Table.

The Index to the present Edition has been considerably enlarged, and it is apprehended there will be no difficulty in referring to any particular subject in the whole of this extensive collection.

ADVERTISEMENT

TO THE SECOND EDITION.

The very Imperfect manner in which those employed to print and collate the First Edition of this Work, performed their office, imposed upon the Editor the laborious task of collating the whole with the original Statutes. This duty, he trusts, will be found to have been discharged with fidelity; and that accuracy now impressed which alone was wanting to this most able and useful Publication.

The Editor has continued the Statutes, and the cases decided upon their direct construction, down to the present time. And has supplied some omissions in the original Collection.

It was his intention to have added a ninth and tenth volume, comprising a Treatise on the Statute Law (including the Practice of both Houses of Parliament) and a General Index of the Statutes themselves. But the Publishers have deemed it expedient to publish this addition by itself. From the progress already made, its appearance will not be long postponed.

10, Gray’s Inn Square,

Nov. 25th, 1822.

PREFACE

TO THE

FIRST EDITION.

IN this collection it is endeavoured to bring together, in a moderate compass, the several Statutes which are connected with the ordinary course of Professional and Magisterial practice, accompanied by a very few others which appeared to possess an interest os matter of historical curiosity.

---

In order to accomplish this purpose, it was necessary to exclude all Statutes relating to the functions of the different Officers of Government—to matters of Revenue—to Naval and Military subjects, and other objects of partial and limited interest.

The Statutes relating to elections of Members of Parliament might have been included consistently with the general plan of the work, but as they are already contained in different publications appropriated to the particular subject, it was thought, upon the whole, more eligible to include those only which may be regarded as forming a branch of Criminal Law.

The Land Revenue of the Crown has been admitted as an exception from the general subject of revenue, so far as it is connected with the private titles of individuals, but not a$ it merely forms a matter of official regulation.

The Statutes relating to the Clergy—those concerning Ship-Owners, with some of the leading acts of Navigation, and some of the Statutes relating to Servants in the more extensive branches of Manufactures, as falling under the

vi PREFACE TO THE FIRST EDITION.

cognizance of a Justice of Peace, were thought to be of sufficiently general interest to require their admission. Those relating to any other trades and occupations may hereafter be added, if it should be found expedient; but as for as I can at present judge, the expense of such an addition would be much more considerable than its utility. Particular collections applicable to separate departments of business maybe very desirable.

I have been prevented by the unexpected magnitude of the work from adding a few Miscellaneous Statutes not foiling within its general scope and design, such as those relating to the Union with Scotland and Ireland, the alteration of the Style, the offices of Sheriff and Coroner, the Redemption of the Land Tax, and some others.

In forming a collection of this kind, it is difficult to fix ' the precise limits between the Acts which it would be desirable to admit, and those which it is proper to exclude; and the decision must necessarily involve a certain degree of arbitrary discretion, upon which no two judgments would exactly coincide; but upon the great majority of cases there will, probably, not be any material difference of opinion; and I hope it will not be found, upon a review of the Tables of Contents, that many acts of general practical utility have been omitted, or that the bulk of the work has been much increased by those which could have been conveniently dispensed with.

In general the Acts are inserted without abridgment, as they appear in the ordinary collections of the Statutes, as I felt it important to prevent the' misconception of the work being regarded as an abridgment.—In any future edition it may, perhaps, be found eligible to make some retrenchments with regard to common expressions of style, the recital of former acts of parliament, and certain enactments of frequent and general occurrence, but I am inclined to think, that the saving of expense which can be effected by such a retrenchment, will not be very considerable.

3* Several of these Statutes are given la tins Second Edition.

PREFACE TO THE FIRST EDITION vii

Where some parte oaly of a Statute are applicable to tbq general design of the work, the others, relating to temporaiy or limited objects, are omitted, or only noticed by inserting the marginal abstract. In some cases the Titles only are in* serted, as sufficiently declaring the olyect of the Act, as in eases of Acte by which others are continued or made pop petuai, or where the mention of such Acte may be considered as merely pointing out, in a general manner, the course and progress of the law, upon subjects in respect of which it would be foreign from the principal design of the work to include the entire contents. The mere Titles of some Acts of Parliament would give a very erroneous or inadequate notion, of their contents, but, generally speaking, I think they may hq considered as sufficiently apposite.

The same difficulties which have been adverted to as afiecftr ing the selection of the contents, are, in a certain degree, applicable to their arrangement.*—In the general distribution of the work I have followed, as nearly as my judgment would ndmit, the ordinary plan of a course of jurisprudence j but mt the subjects classed in Blaokstone’s Commentaries, and other systems of law, under the general title of Rights of Things are so very different in their nature and character as referable to the law of real property, and as referable to personal pro* petty and contracts, I have thought it preferable to consider them as separate divisions of the law.—The law of bankruptcy, which, in the Commentaries, is classed as one of the modes of acquiring personal property, has been thought more properly connected with the law of civil proceedings.—The Statute? respecting the office of a justice of peace as distinguished from* the general system of criminal laws, are arranged alpha* hetically as they occur in Burn’s Justice.—Several Statute? might, so far as respects the nature of their subject^ be placed in one or other of different classes without any material ground of preference.—The general course which has been adopted with regard to these has been, to insert them in the eartieg part of the work to which they have a sufficient relation: oil this account the Statutes respecting gaming, usury, stock-jobbing, and the sale of offices, are inserted in part HI. ap affecting the validity of the contract, rather than in part V, as

PREFACE TO THE FIRST EDITION.

viii

forming a 'branch of criminal lav.—For the same reason, the Statute of Frauds, and the Act For Amendment of the, which contain a greater variety of miscellaneous subjects undei* a common title, thau any others in the collection, are included fn the class of miscellaneous Statutes concerning real estates. Where any motive of convenience has appeared to require it, the title of the Statute is mentioned in each of the several classes to which it has relation, with proper references to the place of its insertion.—And in some few instances, particular clauses of an act are inserted in the class to which they relate, the act at large being inserted elsewhere.—Where provisions applicable to several distinct and independent subjects included in the same act are sufficiently designated by the title (which principally occurs in the Statutes of George the Second, and, in some instances, with a very ludicrons combination of subjects), they have been considered as if they were completely separate acts, and are arranged accordingly, so far as the respective subjects fall within the general plan of the collection.—The several classes being placed in the more general divisions of the work according to the nature and character of their principal contents, the particular act3 are assigned to their respective classes, although they may not be referable to the same general division—On this account the Statutes respecting Wales are placed in the part of the work appropriated to civil proceedings, although some of the particular numbers are foreign to that department of the law.—The Statutes respecting juries are included in the same part, although some of them relate solely to criminal law.—The Statutes respecting game and Ash are all included in the sixth part as relating to the authority of justices of peace, although some of them, as the late acts respecting deer-stealing and oyster fisheries, are not immediately the object of such authority, and there are a few other instances of a similar nature.— In some respects a chronological arrangement might be more convenient than one depending upon the order of subjects, hut upon Aill consideration, the balance appeared to be very much in favour of the latter, and wherever the object is to find a particular act, of which the year and chapter are previously known, it will be only necessary to refer to the chronological table.

PREFACE TO THE FIRST EDITION.

ix

To several of the Statutes notes are added of the eases which have been decided upon their construction. In some instances, the notes are applied immediately to the particular expressions upon the construction of which questions have taken place.—In others they assume the character of a dissertation or a digest of the law, as applicable to the general subject.—In the composition of these notes, asmuch attention has been paid to conciseness as appeared consistent with perspicuity.—In the examination of some questions, I have interposed my own views, and canvassed with freedom, but I hope without transgressing the limits of respect, the conclusions of judicial authority. In others, I have ventured to suggest an alteration of the subsisting law, or to offer such opinions as have occured to me, with regard to matters of legislative en-quixy, which have already engaged the public attention, and conceiving that a disinclination to deviate from existing institutions, although proceeding from a laudable principle, has been carried to an inconvenient excess, I have, upon several occasions, adverted to that topic, and in so doing have not been solicitous to avoid a repetition of the same sentiments, or even the recurrence of similar expressions. In one of the numbers of the Appendix, referred to as a note to the act for the amendment of the law, I have entered more at large into the discussion of this very important and interesting subject, and endeavoured to illustrate the principles which may be usefully applied in the adherence to, or deviation from the existing systems; to counteract the tendency of an excessive dread of innovation, in impeding the course of real and substantial improvement; and to call the attention of those invested with legislative authority to the direct and adequate examination of measures proposed for their adoption, as depending upon their intrinsic merits, divested of the influence of certain favourite expressions which have been too frequently admitted as a substitute for more substantial arguments.

The notes on the Statutes of Limitations, and Set off, and on penal obligations, have been already published in the Appendix to a translation of Pothier’s Treatise on Obligations.— The article on Illegal Contracts in the Appendix is also ex(^.

x PREFACE TO THE FIRST EDITION.

traded from the same work, and is referred to ia some of the notes to the Statutes concerning Personal Property and'Contracts, as connected with the selects to which those Statutes immediately relate.—To the Statutes relating to Bankrupts, I have subjoined a letter to Sir Samuel Roailly on the revision of the Bankrupt Law, published in 1810, with the addition of some practical notes.—A few others of the notes are taken from the sixth edition of Salkcld’s Reports, published in the year 1796.

I have also taken the opportunity of including in the Appendix, some papers respecting the proposal of establishing a tribunal for the purpose of restoring the ancient distinction between superior and inferior courts.—These consist of the draft of an Act prepared by myself many years ago, and of which copies have been, at various times, submitted to the attention of several persons in authority; -*the copy of a Bill introduced by Lord Redesdale into the House of Lords in 1810 }—and a letter to that noble Lord upon the difference in the objects and regulations of the respective plans.—-This article may be, in some degree, regarded as an appendage to the provisions in the Statute of Gloucester, prohibiting suits for goods in the King’s courts under 40c. and is referred to in the note to that Statute accordingly.—The importance of the subject is veiy considerable, and if it should ever engage the attention of the legislature, 1 flatter myself with the hope, that the enquiries respecting it may be assisted by a perusal of the pieces now submitted to their attention.

The plan of this work had been completely framed, and a very considerable progress made in the execution, before the appearance of Mr. Gabbett’s publication, entitled " A Digested Abridgement and Comparative View of the Statute Law of England and Ireland."—The design and character of the respective publications are, m some respects, similar, but in others there is a material difference.—Independently of the particular distinction of Mr. Gabbett’s Digest, as including the Irish Statutes, it contains a more extensive range of subjects, which are classed under the precise titles of the chapters in Black stone’s Commentaries. The enactments are extracted

PREFACE TO THE FIRST EDITION. xi

from the several Statutes as referable to that order, without bringing the whole contents of each particular Act together, as they appear in the Statute Book, which (subject to the exceptions that have been noticed) is the general course adopted in this collection. The notes, which are a material part of the present work, are not included in the plan of the other.— Since Mr. Gabbett’s Digest appeared, I have frequently availed myself of its assistance, and have every reason to bear testimony in favour of the skill and accuracy which are manifested in its execution. Some references have been made in the notes of this work to the information derived from Mr. Gabbett, with respect to the enactments of the Irish Parliament upon similar subjects, and these references would have been much more general and frequent if I could have commanded a greater leisure from other avocations.

Such are the nature and objects of the work which is now submitted to the candour of the public.—Having devoted to it a considerable portion of time and attention, I cannot but feel an anxious wish for its favourable reception.—The utility of the design has been very generally acknowledged: frequent enquiries have beeu made respecting its progress by respectable individuals with whom I have no personal acquaintance or connection, and allusions have been made to it in the course of Parliamentary discussion, by which 1 have been equally gratified and obliged. I am perfectly aware that in many respects, I shall stand in need of indulgence, but I indulge the hope, that the collection, with the accompanying notes, will be found, in a considerable degree, to have accomplished the purposes for which they are intended, and in case of any subsequent editions, shall be happy to avail myself of any suggestions for their correction and improvement.

GENERAL TABLE

OF

CONTENTS.

VOL. I.

{to the Third Edition - i

to the Second Edition - iii

to the First Edition - v

Introduction on the Consolidation and Arrangement of the Statutes - xvii

On tub Reduction to Writing of the Criminal Law of England xlix

Chronological Table - Ixxxix

Repealed Statutes - cxxix

PART I.—PERSONS AND CORPORATIONS.

CLASS.

1, Aliens, Ac, *, Clergy 8, Marriage ,

PAGE

I

28

151

CLASS.

4, Parent and Child

5, Corporations -

PAGE. . 168 . 170

PART II.—REAL ESTATES.

1, Rest Estates - t

2, Tithes -

8, loclosore -

4, Joint Tenants, Ac. c.

5, Mortmain, dec -

6, Infants, dec -

190

255

277

812

817

849

7, 'Fraudulent Deeds - 859

8f Leases - 877

9, Uses - 406

10, Fines, &c - 420

11, Wills - 450

12, Land Revenae - 400

vi

GENERAL TABLE OF CONTENTS.

YOL, II.

PART HI.- -PERSONAL PROPERTY AND CONTRACTS.

CLASS. PAGE. CLASS. PAGE.

1 Patonti Arr r - 1 9, Sale of Offices

51 TrnHp Arc._ _ _ 51 10, Buying of Titles - »•»

5 Tn?MlrflnCft, 222 11. Transfer of Stock

4, Bills of Exchange 7 12, Restitution of Stolen Property 342

R 1 Tfltirv - 264 13, Executors

A. Annnitipi . . 293 14, Sales

7, Gaming 15, Saving Banks

8, Stock-Jobbing -

VOL . III.

PART IV. .—COURTS AND CIVIL PROCEEDINGS.

1, Coarts, Ac. c. 8, Limitations . - T T T, T T T -

2, Attornies, Ac 9, Juries

3, Original Writ, Ac. c. . 10, Evidence .

4, Outlawry 11, Costs

6, Privilege of Parliament 201 12, Judgment, Ac

6, Pleadings, Ac 13, Error

7, Set off. 14, Civil Proceedings

224

245

286

293

306

341

357

VOL. IV.

PART IV. continued, —COURTS AND CIVIL PROCEEDINGS.

15, Wale# - 1

16, Inferior Court# - 89

17, Personal Liberty - 118

18, Real Actions - 133

19, Distress - 150

20, Actions against Officers - 186

21, renal Actions - 199-498

22, Hue and Cry, Ac -

23, King’s Debts -

24, Spiritual Courts, Ac -

25, Coarts of Equity -

26, Coroner -

27, Warden -

28, Bankrupts -

216

226

266

290

393

365

396

GENERAL TABLE OF CONTENTS,

J

J

VOL. V.

PART V.—CRIMINAL LAW.

CUSB,

1* Religion -

2, Treason, Ac. c.

3, Coin

PACK.

>. I . 61 143

CLASS.

49 Homicide ffv Rape, Ac. c. 6ft Riot, Ac. c.

irU

PACK. >. 195

309 m

- 21S

VOL. VI.

PART V. continued.—CRIMINAL LAW.

7. Larceny, Ac - 1 17, Escape

* i 8. Stolen Goods, 18, Perjury

9. Embtsslement »«. 19, Seducing Artificers -

10. Embezzlement 20ft Election Offences

* wi 11. False Pretences SI, Libels 201

12, Foraerv 22, Nuisance

13. w B J - - Piracy, Ate. 23, Maintenance, Ac

14, 15, Revenue Felonies - r - 24, Miscellaneous Offences -

Quarantine - 25. Criminal Proceedings -

Slave Trade

1, Alehouses - 3, Apprentices

3, Banks -

4, Bastards -

5ft Bent -

fift a. Bread 6ft Bridges 7, Carriers

7, Cattle -

8, Coal Mines 9ft Constables

10, Costs -

lit County Rate 12ft Distress., .

VOL. VII.

PART VI.—JUSTICES OF PEACE.

1—545 - 82 - 76 - 80 - 89 - 91 - 109 - 190, 121 5 121 d - 122 . Ill A - 182 - 159

IS, Bogs - 161

14, Examination - 163

15| Fire Works - 163 '

16ft Fish - 166

17ft Forcible Entry - 193

18, Friendly Societies - 198

19, Qame - 217

20, Gaming - 269

21, Gaols - 298

22, Highways - 357

28, Justices of Peace - 470

24, Lord’s Day - 510

95ft LQnitici M.M - 515

GENERAL TABLE OF CONTENTS,

VOL. VIII.

PART VI. continued.—JUSTICES OF THE PEACE.

CLASS. PAGE.

26, Pawnbrokers - l

27, Players - 16

28, Poor - 20

20, Rivers - 157 a

50, Seditions Meetings - 167

51, Servants - 182

82, Sessions - 251 *

SS, Sheep - 266

CLASS. PAGE.

S4, Stage Coaches 25, Swearing -

86, Tithes -

87, Field Crops - ,

88, Vagrants •,

89, Weights, Ac. c., 40, Wood -

PAGE. , . 261

271 si

, . 275

- 275

, . 278

, . soa

S28

1, Indemnity

2, Mutiny. , Billetting.

PART VII.—MISCELLANEOUS.

- S44 4, Militia -

- S48 5, Marines

S86

890

PART VIII.—UNION ACTS.

1, Union between England and Scot- I 2, Union between Great Britain and land - 446 I Ireland - 462

Index - 495

introduction:

INTRODUCTION.

Considerations on the Expediency, Policy, and Feasibility, of a Consolidation, and Systematic Arrangement of the Statute Law: with a view to its gradual Improvement.

The attention which has been paid to Style and Composition, has seldom been owing to disinterested exertion; and as well in this, as in every other department of Science and Art, self-love has been the exciting cause of rousing the attention and industry of mankind.

Legislation, though the most important, is with us, perhaps, the only branch of composition, in which the influence of this cause has not been felt. Our Statutes are framed, not by particular individuals, but by a fluctuating body; find their, merit and demerit, therefore, are ascribable, not to this person or that, but to an undistinguishable mass. And whilst in ev, ery other branch of composition, the desire to be approved by others ha3 prompted the study of communicating our thoughts with most advantage, and expressing our conceptions with the greatest propriety; from the want of this cause, our mode of legislating (for to the manner only are objections made) has continued in its original imperfect state.

A Revision of the Statute Book, in the way of Consolidation and Systematic Arrangement, was contemplated so early as the Reign of James the First, and has been sanctioned by the most eminent Lawyers of their time. The House of Commons, in their treaty, with his Majesty, for the Abolition of the Court of Wards, proposed a consolidation, that thereby " All such enactments as are profitable concerning one matter, may be reduced into one Statute."—" For, " says Lord Coke, upon another occasion, "as they now stand, it will require great pains in reading over all, great attention in observing, vol. i. h

XVlii INTRODUCTION.

and greater judgment in discerning upon consideration of the whole, what the law is in any one particular point/ ’

Lord Stanhopb’o motion, in 1616, was the last occasion of stirring this matter. His Lordship seems, from Mr. Hobnbr’s reported speech, to have had only a general impression of the necessity of some revision, without any distinct notion as to what that revision should be, and still less as to the mode of attaining it. Mr. Hornbr observed, (bat " no definite plan had been proposed; and that be was at a loss to know what it was intended to do." And it is owing, perhaps, to the want of some plan, by which a consolidation may be accomplished with comparative ease and safety, that it has never yet been attempted. The difficulty is, to obtain a clear comprehensive view of the result of multifarious enactments; and the danger, that, scattered as they are, some may be overlooked. Upon the supposition that the Plan, which will hereafter be proposed, will obviate these objections, are founded its claims to a favourable notice.* *

On the occasion alluded to, Mr. Hobnbr further remarked, that " if it was intended merely to frame an Index to the Statute Book, or arrange the Acts without altering them in Form or Letter, it would be much better to leave any work of that kind to the industry and skill of individuals. The demand for such works would always be sufficient, to induce men of adequate talent to undertake them; and the labour was not beyond the compass of one man’s abilities."

* It most be obvious to every person of common sente! who considers this matter with the most ordinary measure of attentions that no plan, or any thin#

* pproaMigto a plan, has ever yet been advanced. Had Lord Bacon, Sir Planers Bacon, or any ether of the great men who have written upon the mdgect, thrown on* even the most general roles for taking one single step in this arduous teak, it would have been a difficult matter, in any subsequent projector, to have established, with knowing people, his Clahn to originality. To unfold to a greater extent that prospect which another has opened «p, is a merit of quite a secondary order. And m the most simple operations appear iasunmonataUe to those, to whom the means of accomplishing them are unknown; it is evident, that the question of consolidating the Statutes, is now for the first time to be fairly dealt with.

INTRODUCTION.

xix

No one will dispute the justness of this remark; since the only oases for state interference are, —1. Where the project, though of the highest utility, is what the public will not sup* port; —2. Where it is intended as the Basis only of a Legislative Proceeding. To interfere in any other cases, would be to monopolize a common subject, and to exclude the claims of competitors; a proceeding unfair, as it regards individuals'; and injudicious, as it respects the public, from depriving the State of the advantages ef competition.

Mr. Hornbr continued, that a Consolidation, if intended, would be " inconvenient, and altogether unadvisable, for this reason, that all the legal learning to be found in every branch of the Judicature would hardly be sufficient for such a task, on account of the intricacy of the questions that would arise in it."

No one who foall propose to consolidate the Statutes, can be under any temptation of disguising the difficulties of the undertaking; for so obvious are the difficulties, that to attempt to disguise them, would only betray an ignorance of the subject. But surely if these difficulties may be surmounted, they form no objection to the measure. Amongst the number, however, that which Mr. Hornbr has mentioned, not only has no very extensive influence; it forms the strongest argumentin favour of the proposal. The only consolidation that could with safety be adopted, would leave the very language of foe Statutes exactly as at present, unless in the case of conflicting provisions. In the latter case only would any questions arise; and the sooner they are raised and disposed of, the greater the security. To leave them to arise in the course of practice, would haaard the chance of enactments being found deficient at the very time when their application was most wanted.

* Another objection is seedbed te Mr. Hoama which probably he never made, that A consolidation was n—oeoaeaiy." Upon the (apposition that he was acquainted with the opinions ef Lord Bacon, Sir Edwako Coke, and Sir Matthnw Hsu, he woaM have replied to the specific reasons wMdi they have given for a consolidation, hi a different-way than by keeping In general*,

A consolidation Is requisite from the inconveniences occasioned, both in Legit

b 2

XX

INTRODUCTION

These preliminary Objections having been disposed of, it .will next be considered, whether any of a higher nature, as derived from views of Policy, can be offered to the measure.

ation and in the Administration of Justice, by the want of it; and for the troth of this assertion, the experience of every one qualified to judge is appealed to.

Another objection is this—A clause taken in relation to other branches of the Act, shall occasionally bear a different construction to what it bears in the abstract—That in consolidating the law, yon most either take the clanse in its isolated form, and thereby change its meaning; or yon mast take it with all its collateral bearings, and thereby raise those various and intricate questions for the solution of which we have no oracle to apply to.

Now allowing this objection every possible weight of which it is susceptible -—even supposing it to be (as it is not) unanswerable and decisive; it obviously does not affect the writer's modified proposition. The objection applies to that case only where an immediate change in the existing state of our Law is contemplated; not to the present case where the only proposition is, that a basis shall be established for foture legislation, and that any change shall be brought about gradually and in the ordinary course. No ooe will dispute, that a clear and comprehensive view of the system in all its bearings and relations, and a reduction of it to that state in which those, who would improve its form, would, as an Indispensable preliminary, desire that it should be placed, is a tine qttanam to the perfection of future legislation. " It is principally with a view to fnture legislation (observes one of the first statesmen of the age, in a letter to the writer upon this subject,) that the classification and arrangement of existing laws has always appeared to me to be so highly desirable.*' That the work will be altogether free from imperfection, is what no man can promise or expect. It is sufficient, if an assurance can be given from the method in which it will be accomplished, that it will probably be as perfect as the nature of things will admit.

Since, however, the other parts of this Essay have been addressed to the supposition, that the Statute Law will ultimately be consolidated—it is proper to consider this question also, as if an immediate consolidation (without time given to consider or reconsider the bearings of every clause) were contemplated.

The objection altogether proceeds on the supposition, that the framer of the original Act, intended that it should bear the relative and not the isolated aense; since if such was not his intention, the relative sense is the effect of accident, not of design, and a consolidation, therefore, instead of detracting from, will emphatically uphold the real character of the law.

Now the very same principles which govern in every other branch of composition (from letter writing to epic poetry,) must influence in framing an Act of Parliament. It is not conceivable, that any legislator in possession of his reason, ever meant to express himself in the ootset by halves, leaving it to a future clause to perfect the expression of his design. He meant that epck paragraph should fully define its subject. And by attending, therefore, to the meaning of each—isolated and by itself—shall we uphold what alone was the legislator's real meaning.

INTRODUCTION,

xxi

That it is no innovation is plain from reflecting, that, when accomplished, it will leave the sanctions, nay the very lanr guage of the Law, exactly as it found them. To use the yvords of Lord Bacon, " It is matter of order and explanation, not of alteration; nothing speculative, but real and feasible; not going to the matter of the laws, but to the manner of their expression and tradition; giving rather light th$ni new nature; a pruning and grafting of the law, not a ploughing up and planting it again. The entire body and substance of law, shall remain, only discharged of idle and unprofitable or hurU ful matter, for there is such an accumulation of statutes concerning one matter, and they so cross and intricate, as the certainty of law is lost in the heap."

The objection that may be offered is this—That any extensive reform, even in the mere order of a subject, begets a spirit of change, and disposes us to listen to more important alterations that may hereafter be proposed. Regulations, however directly advantageous, must be sacrificed, when indirectly they induce consequences more injurious to society than their own effects are beneficial.

This objection is of so general a nature, that it can only

The way in which that meaning comes to be changed, contrary to his intentions, arises from his employing terms in a snbseqnent paragraph, which necessarily influence, bat which were not intended to influence, the former. These cannot be rejected by a Judge, because he has no power te reject any part of a statute. But the legislator is under no such obligation.

At all events, however, some reliance mast be placed upon intelligence, and it mast be presumed, that the manner in which one clause may be influenced by another will not escape an anxious perusal of the Act. Add to which, that it is very improbable, that where the question will invariably be asked—is the claase h» its present form adequate to its design, —that any deficiencies which this accidental influence may have supplied will be overlooked.

It will never be forgotten, that to every human institution, innumerable objections may be offered; and that the only grounds upon which any one institution can be supported, is, that the advantages outweigh the disadvantages; that the opinions of the greatest men which this, or any other country, has ever produced, are hi favour of the proposition; and (hat the practice of every sea#ion adds weight to their testimony.

• The objection seems to be invalidated by the following considerations; — " The long reign of Error in the world, and the influence it maintains even in an age of liberal inquiry, far from being favourable to the supposition, that

INTRODUCTION.

xxii

be met by general reasoning. And not to lose ourselves in too wide a field, we shall suppose that the spirit of change win 8ffect the Judicial, not the Political system. That innovation in the one, does not necessarily imply innovation in the other, will appear from distinguishing their different natures. The relations of society are two: the first, that which individuals bear to each other; the second, that which the whole community bears to each individual member. And as the relations of society are two, so, corresponding to this double relation, are its institutions; the first regulating the conduct of individuals towards each other, the second regnlating the conduct

human reason is destined to be for ever the sport of prejudice end absurdity, demonstrates the tendency which there is to permanence in established opinions, and in established institutions; and promises an eternal stability to true philosophy, when it shall once have acquired the ascendant; and when proper means shall be employed to support It, by a more perfect system of education." —Dugald Stewaet.

Any sudden extensive change in the English law might, from its peculiar .character, produce the effect objected. It is thus characterised by the Abbl Raynal:—" Comme son gouvernement actuel nrest qu’une rlforme de ce gouvernement feodal qui avoit oppriml toutel’Europe, il en a conserve bean-coup d'usages, qui n’etant dans i'origine que des abus de l’esclavgge, tout plus •ensibles encore par lew contrast© avec la liberty que le peuple a recoutrte. Ou a donc^tl forc6 de joindre les loix qui laissoient beaucoup de droits k la noblesse, avec les loix qui modifient, diminuent, abrogeut, ou mitigent ces droits ffiodaux. De la tantde loix d’exception, pour one loi de prindpe; tint de loix tnterpidtative *, pour une loi fbndamentale: taut de loix neuveiles, qui combat-tent avec les loix ajsctennes. Aussi convient-on qu'll n’y a peut-dtre pas dans le monda entier, un code aussi diffus, aussi embrouilU que cetui des loix eiviies de la Grande Bretagne. Les homines les plus sages de cette nation 6dairde, out souvent £lev6 la voix contre ce ddsordre. Ou leurs critn'ont pasdti dcotftds* on les changemens qui sont nta de cette reclamation n'ont frit qu’ augmenter la confusion/' And if this character is not overcharged, the following masoning of Dugald StbWaut will bear out our position:*-" it {g commonly found, that In proportion as an established creed is complicated in its dogmas and in its ceremonies, and in proportion to the number of accessory ideas which U has grafted upon the truth, the more difficult is it, for those who have adopted it in childhood, to emancipate themselves completely from its influence; and in those eases in which they at last succeed, the greater is their danger of abandoning, along with their errors, all the truths which they had been taught to connect .with them. The Roman Catholic system is shaken off with much greater difl-culty, than those which are taught in the Reformed Churches; but when it lotos Its hold of the mind, It much more frequently prepare* the way for uaDmKed scepticism." See a confirmation of the first position of the concluding paragraph, in Boswell's Life of Jonutox.

INTRODUCTION.

xxiii

of the sovefgjgn power towards each individual member. The one form the judicial, the other the political system; and so entirely distinct, in its general character at least, is each from the other, that, with perfect consistency, we my deprer cate the political aad approve the judicial system under which we live. The Judicial systems of all nations are in strict analogy; between their Political institutions there is commonly the widest difference.

The Objection, thus limited, may be answered in two different ways:—1. By shewing that the basis of our judicial system is precisely that upon which it ought to rest; 2. Or admit ting that the first petition has not been established, then by shewing, that there are no means of convincing us, that a change of system will ameliorate our condition; If there am no means of convincing ouar understandings, that any material innovation wiU bring greater advantages than we derive from the present system, it is not likely to be ceded to any other

1. In every part of the universe we observe means fitted with the nicest artifice to the ends intended to be produced, and perceive that Nature has distributed ber gifts with a liberal or a sparing band, as is best suited to the final cause of her design. Intuitive perception is bestowed, where the slow process of experience and argumentation would be insufficient for ber purpose; whilst in every other instance our acquirements are made to depend upon the exercise of our faculties of observation and reasoning; a necessary rule for rousing our industry and attention.

" " VwtMatefy, " Myf Dvoaed STrWASf, " the jMn« 4T toefety tv (Hus

iiiUmi to Msldwt, the great rate* of a vlitnons condattfceing confessedly of Utah a nature at to be obvious to every sincere aad weH-dtopesed mind. And it to In a peotrtftar degree striking, that, while tike theory of Ethics involve* tome of the Mat abstruse questions which have ever employed the fauna* fafeufftiOe, the Mai jodgarenU and moral feelings of the most distant ages and nations, wM respectto all the moat essential duties of life, are one and the same."— Aad, to another place, —* < 8* hodatiffafy is the order of nature adapted tto On* wants aad aocossittes, thatwUia those laws in #fakh we am most deeply Interested are obtruded on out notice from our earliest infancy, others are mom of

INTRODUCTION.

xxiv

To the formation and continuance of the social state, it was absolutely necessary, that we should be influenced by those principles whichare essential to its formation and continuande, that we should have an intuitive love for those actions which tend to unite men in society, and an abhorrence of those which drive us from each other, and tend, as it were, to break the bands of society asunder. Accordingly, the principle of moral approbation and disapprobation, is an internal, unaccountable feeling, which, without any view to their consequences, leads us to follow one course of action and reject another. We do not originally approve or condemn, because we have discovered, that the effects of the one are beneficial, those of the other injurious. Nature, antecedent to aH reflections on utility, bas stamped upon the human heart a predilection for these actions, and an aversion to those. And so happily ha9 she adjusted our sentiments of approbation and disapprobation to conveniency, that, so far as our experience extends, no rule of conduct is approved of, but what is either useful or agreeable; nor condemned, but what has an opposite tendency.

Now it is this Principle, or rather the rules of Morality which it teaches us to form, that are the basis of Jurisprudence, and to enforce their observance is its principal aim; and as the justness of the one implies that of the other, we must allow, that the basis of our Judicial System is precisely that upon which it ought to rest. Its imperfections have arisen from accidental causes, not from its leading principles, as will be

less removed from the immediate examination of our senses, to stimulate curiosity, and to present a reward to indostry."

What Dr. Blair observes upon the Powers and Pleasures of Taste, may likewise be mentioned as in analogy—That << in these there is a more remarkable inequality among men than is usually found in point of common sense, reason, and judgment. The constitution of our nature in this, as in all other respects, discovers admirable wisdom. In the distribution of those talents which are necessary for man’s well-being, nature has made less distinction among her children. But in the distribution of those which belong only to the ornamental part of life, she hath bestowed her favours with more frugality. She hath both sown the seeds more sparingly, and rendered a higher culture necessary for bringing them to perfection."

INTRODUCTION.

XXV

made evident when the sources of its imperfections shall be presently explained.

To prove that the Rules of Jurisprudence coincide with those of Morality, let us take an example from Griminal Law.

Though pleasure and pain are the primary sources of gratitude and resentment, yet a savage will distinguish between the man who designs him a benefit or injury, and one who occasions it without any intention. This distinction he must have learnt from Nature, and it leads to this consequence, that -from the earliest to the more advanced stages of society, our natural sentiments induce us to annex the quality of guilt to the disposition of mind, and to that alone, from which an injury proceeds.

When, however, we come to reason upon the sutgect, a doubt is cast upon the propriety of that doctrine which Nature teaches us to form. We are led by irresistible arguments to acknowledge, that those actions only are politically wrong, which are injurious to society; and as the injury which the act itself produces is palpable, and that which the intention produces, not only [is not obvious, but it is believed has never yet been explained, we doubt whether our natural sentiments do not deceive us, and whether our judgment should not be influenced rather by the consequences than by the motives of actions. And in this spirit, a philosophical jurisprudent has not scrupled to declare, that " crimes are to be measured by the injury done to society; and that they err, therefore, who consider that a crime is greater or less according to the intention of the person by whom it was committed." *

Nature, however, in this, as in every other instance, is justified by reason. The main evil which crime occasions to society is through the example which it holds out; and it so happens, that in proportion as the intention is vicious, in the same proportion is the example injurious. For, consider the mode in which example influences—it is by sympathy. We

• Beccarva.

INTRODUCTION

xxvi

place ourselves in the situation of the agent, and become, as it were, the same person with him. In the same way that he is affected, in the same way only can we ourselves be affected. And since his heart cau be corrupted only where the disposition of his mind was reprehensible, so only can ours.

The want of distinguishing between the Origin and Progress of Jurisprudence, and the origin and progress of all other sciences, has led many to venerate beyond their merits those who declared the first principles of our system, and others, to suppose that because they were laid down in the infancy of society, they must needs be erroneous. Both sides are agreed upon the imperfect state of the cotemporary sciences; but from not distinguishing the reason, the former, struck with the justness f of our main principles, are lost in admiration at minds that, when every thing else was dark around them, could discern their way along the path of social life; whilst the latter cannot imagine how only one ray of wisdom could illumine such a night of ignorance and erroK J

* The Review of the French Code d* Instruction CrimineUe, has the following remark.—" It was in an early age; an ignorant and barbarons age; when the Inman noted was yet rode and imbecile, and Law was la the highest degree inadequate to the purposes of Law, that this role (a rale sf which is had been speaking) began to prevail. Whatever, therefore, was the extent and force of its influence, from that time to this; to the whole of that extent it has operated, in making Ae wretched laws of a wretched age/ the rule of action for all sne-deedlag ages.

v t 8Hr Woxzix Eva* very properly remarks, that in adverting to ooma of our earliest statutes, we admire the justice of the principles which they promulgate/ ’

X The following judicious observations of Sir William Evans, maybe quoted here.—" I have adverted to the objection agaihsf deviating from the existing system of the law, on account of its deviation from the 1 Wisdom of onr Ancestors; ’ mid under the impression flrns^ in no small number o# instances, an unmeaning use of this phrase has, from its imposing effect, been allowed to stand as a substitute for more substantial argument; and that an otgection which would have appeared very bald and meagre, if expressed in the plain terms—that a proposal should be rejected because it altered the common law; or—that an net should not be repeated, because it was passed a bnodted yema ago; has commanded silence and assent^ when couched in Urn language of solemn appeal to the authority of ancient wisdom; I have certainly not scrupled to indicate my opinion of the indiscriminate resort to inch an argument with some degree of levity."

rWTRODUCTtOW.

XXVS

: Bat to trace to their source toe defects of oar Judicial systems. They hove arisen principally from three causes. 1. From warping the rales of morality in favour of particular men, or orders of seen j as formerly, in toe laws of Prerogative, * and toe Privileged Glasses j f 2. Prom the want of experience in those branches of the arts and sciences which are frequently made toe sabjectsof legislation j} 3. Prom reducing the Com- ~ mon, or Unwritten, Law to writing.

t

Deficiencies of the first sort imply no imperfection in toe general principles upon which our system Is founded, since they proceeded, not from those principles, but from a quite different cause. The same holds with defects of the second class. Aad with the last likewise, as will appear from toe following explanation.

The inconveniences of reducing toe Common Law to a Written Law, as was done by King Alfred, are these: So long as the law remained in an unwritten state, ho considerable check was imposed upon those by whom it was administered, against enlarging its rales or definitions to meet toe exigencies of the times. But when reduced to writing, (to say nothing of the authority which the act itself conferred,) limits were prescribed by the supreme power in the state, which the Judges could net afterwards transgress. Any farther improvement, therefore, mutt have flowed from that power, whose

• " In the ancient prerogatives of the Crown, with regard to Purveyance and a variety of other subject *, a lystem of oppression is exhibited very different firm* the pmeat atabbked iMe efCoorifitutionai liberty." Sir Wxuaan Eun.

t The great benefits conferred by Edward the First, if we except his Formal *, were his correction of the abases of the Privileged Orders.

t" The true principles ef Political Economy have only been devrioped wfthffc n very recent period; and their progress, in point of practical application, hns been by no means proportionate to their evidence and importance bat taking the subject in its most confined and limited point of view, no person of enlightened understanding would advise the recurrence to enactments—thatno man shall be served at dinner or supper with more than two courses, except upon some great holydays, on which he may be served with three, to Edw. 3. st. t. —That merchants aliens shall bestow the money which they receive within the realm, upon merchandises of the realm. 4 Hen. 4. c. Iff." ftc. Sfr Walls* Evaws.

xxvm

INTRODUCTION.

energies, in the work of amendment, have always been paralysed by the want of that experience which the adminis^ tration of justice can alone supply; and it has seldom interposed, until evils have grown to an intolerable pitch. It is in particular instances only, that the insufficiency of a regulation is very obvious and discernible, and unluckily such instances rarely present themselves to those Members of the Legislature, from whom alone any material improvement must, by the operation of fixed moral causes, be expected. Lawyers who have proved exceptions to this rule, have owed their distinction to Nature and reflection, not to the genius of their profession.

Ajlprjbd’s code, it is true, was afterwards lost, but not until its influence had been felt, and a strict adherence to the limits of a rule hallowed by inveterate practice. To its loss, however, (and that of the other authoritative collections,) we owe those occasional improvements, which the common law receives at the hands of the Judges. It is optional with a court of judicature to follow the rules prescribed by their predecessors; but the commands of the Legislature must be implicitly obeyed. Lord Mansfibld appears to have listened very readily to the suggestions of improvement; yet such is the influence of example, and such the contagion of opinion, that what was the offspring of that extraordinary good sense which regulated a genius the most comprehensive of his age, is generally regarded as the reproach of his judicial character.

The great practical conclusion, therefore, to which the researches of an eminent theoritician have led—the propriety of converting the Common Law to Statute Law, seems, in the present state of our judicial system, to be very questionable, nay singularly unfortunate. So Jong as that state remains the same, the only improvement of which, through the medium of codification, the Common Law appears susceptible, is, first, a Digest of Judicial Decisions f which, without possessing a

# Jeremy Bkntham. See his Papers on Codification, t The perfection to which a Code of Jurisprudence may be brought is stated in the observations of Dugau> Stewart, £1. Phil. Ham. Mind, v«l. ii. p. 159, et seq.

INTRODUCTION

XXIX

Legislative authority, shall be framed under sanctions that may secure its accuracy; secondly, an annual incorporation, with the digest of the decisions of the preceding year.* The Common Law could advantageously be reduced to writing only after establishing a permanent Court that might form a connecting medium between the Legislature and the ordinary courts of justice, and render the experience of the one available by the other. In the " Idea of a perfect Commonwealth, " there is a " Council of Laws, " whose duty is to examine, from time to time, what improvements may be made in the Municipal Law. f

* % Not to mention the greet practical advantages which, in the administration of justice, would result from such a Code; it seems essential to legislation, that previous to the introduction of a new bill, the existing state of the law should be thoroughly known and considered, which, from the want of a Code, cannot at present be accomplished.

t For Mr. Bentham's remarks upon the propriety of converting the Common Law to Statute Law, we must refer the reader to his papers on Codification.— The following reidarks are from the Review of the French Code d’ Instr. Crim.

" The first peculiarity'that strikes us in this French System, is, that every part of the procedure is regulated by precise written authority: and this we cannot help regarding as a very considerable advantage. Nothing is of to much importance to a people, in regard to their laws, as that they should be indisputable, unvarying, and notorious. But the great use and advantage of writing is, that it imparts those qualities to whatever has been committed to It; and fines rule admitting of no doubt, or variation, or concealment When a man wishes to fix steadily one of his own thoughts, and for the use of his own mind, he writes it down; —much more a thought which he wants to present steadily to the mind of any other person. How strange is it then, that nations, far advanced in civilisation, should qHow any important part of their laws to remain unwritten! Yet such, with exceptions almost incredibly small, is the account which is truly to be rendered of the practical state of the Law, not only as it has been, but as it now is, all over the world.

" Not but that there are certain rules that in the coarse of time have acquired a technical notoriety, and a sort of traditionary authority. Without something of this sort, society could not have existed: hut still the roles are not absolutely certain; they are known only to practitioners in the law; and they may be violated or transgressed by rash or corrupt [to which we may add, or improved by enlightened] judges.

" The utmost improvement which such a jurisprudence has been found capable of receiving, seems to be attained by making it a rule, that whatsoever had been done by preceding judges, should be done by succeeding onesa rule that mn&t always be liable to dispute, and must frequently admit of np application, where cases occurred under new or extraordinary circumstances.

" If the judge does, what a man of a pure and vigorous mind, in such a situation, would naturally do; that is, endeavour? from a view of the particular

XXX

INTRODUCTION.

Another evil may be noticed, that is rather formidable In the distance, than influencing, at present, to any great extent namely, the .notion of introducing a technical Nomenclature throughout the whole extent of our Judicial system. Not to mention, that in spite of the multiplicity of set forms of expression, applying to particular cases, that might be promulgated, yet upon account of the still greater variety of possible circumstances, it would constantly occur, among all those forms there would not be found one exactly parallel to the case under consideration, and that, therefore, it is a vain attempt to introduce accuracy into a subject that does not admit of H: The only cases m which a Nomenclature can, with any safety, be fixed-, are those proceedings, (pleadings for example) in which lawy&s are unavoidably employed, and where time is not essentially an otyect. Here without any impropriety, and frequently with great advantage, there are a number of phrases, to which the Courts annex an artificial meaning, and which they will interpret in that sense only. No inconvenience arises from this, since these matters are conducted by men trained up in the science of which these forms are a part. But to introduce m technical Nomenclature throughout the whole extent of the Judicial system, would not merely throw the most ordinary aflairs of life into the hands of lawyers; it would introduce endless misery, by taking from those who either had not the means, or the opportunity of employing professional men, the power of acting. The notion, indeed, has been partially carried into effect. In some instances, set forms of expression

case* altogether, to draw op by analogy a rale for hit particular efts *, he doe* exactly what it b the doty of the Legislator, once for all to do for 411 cases. [Which is impracticable: had the Editor said periodically, ’ he woold have been right] It i» the doty of the Legislator, from a riew of a sufficient number of well defined eases which hare gone by, to draw op a general rule, which rfiaH include all particular eases of the same description that are to come. When the Judge makes such a rale, the uncertainty remains exactly where ft was before. When the Legislator makes H, the uncertainty b pnt an end to for ever. What the Judge does with hb rule, is to decide by it a particular cue and all that remains, or can remain, of hb doing, is the particular decision of t particular case, which as little resembles other particular cases, as those which hare gone before it. What the Legblator does, is, to write down the general rule; and command, that according to it shall he determined all future cases which foil within that general rale."

INTRODUCTION.

XXX

have certain Maas, in exclusion of all others, annexed to them, as In the Law of Devises; a practice that has been deplored by Judges as enlightened as those who introduced it. In Its origin, perhaps, it sprang from that rage for simplicity, which, by making every thing bend to a single principle, and that done govern system, has introduced so much confusion into science. BII y a, " says the President Montbiquisc, " de certaines iddes d’mrifonntte qui saississent qoeiqnefois les grands esprifs (car elles ont touchd Cuarlxmagnb) man qni frappent iafiaffiblemeat lee petit*. 11s y trouvent m genre de perfection qu’ils reconnoissent, parce qu’il est impossible de ne le pas ddcouvrir; les monies poids dans la police, les mfimes meseies dans leoeemneree, les mhmes k>ix dans l’Etat, la mtme religion dans tontes see parties. Mais oela est-il toujour* i propos, sans exception ? Le mal de changer est-il toujours motes grand que le mal desonffrir? £t la grandeur do gdnia ne oensistereit-elle pas mieux I savoir dans quel eas it ftnt Funifbrmite, et duns qoel cas il fin* des differences."

Another evil ton, with which we have been threatened, is the proposal to subject the rules of Jurisprudence to a land o moral arithmetic. But an antidote to tins poison (for the writer can conceive nothing more mischievous) will always be supplied by " the habitual influence of those first principles of propriety, of morality, and of common sense, which, as long to reason maintains her ascendant, exercise a paramount authority over all those speculative conclusions which have any connexion with the business of life."—" I admit, " says Sir Gil-bbrt Ellioit in his correspondence with Mr. Home, " that there is no writing or talking of any subject which is of importance enough to become the object of reasoning, without having recourse to some degree of subtilty and refinement. The only question is, where to stop, how fiur we can go, and why no farther? To this question I should be extremely happy to receive a satisfactory answer. I can’t tell if I shall rightly express what I hare just now in my mind; but I often imagine to myself, that I perceive within me a certain instinctive feeling, which shoves away at once all over-subtile refine* men ts, and taUs ma, with authority, that these air-built notions, are inconsistent with life and experience, and by consequence

XXXii INTRODUCTION.

cannot be true or solid. From this I am led to think, that the speculative principles of our nature ought to go hand in hand with the practical ones; and, for my own part, when the for*: merare so far pushed, as to leave the latter quite out of sight, I am always apt to suspect that we have transgressed our limits. If it should be asked, how far will these practical principles go ? 1 can only answer, that the former difficulty will recur, unless it be found that there is something in the intellectual part of our nature, resembling the moral sentiment in the moral part of our nature, which determines this as it were instinctively."

Mistaken analogy Is likewise the source of one or two im- perfections. Thus, the rule in Criminal Law* is, that the propagator of seditious news, shall be imprisoned until he produces the first author of the tale. From reasoning in analogy to which rule has arisen the practice in cases of civil injury, that no action shall lie against one, who merely gives publicity to the reproach of another, as such. That this practice is unjust, is plain from reflecting, that the slander is diffused beyond the limits that would otherwise have confined its operation, ' and the injury to the party’s feme proportionably increased; for this additional injury he is entitled to a compensation; he cannot demand it against the original defemer, for it was not his act which occasioned the inconvenience; from the propagator of the slander, therefore, should be be allowed to seek redress. And to shew that the practice has no reason in its favour, examine the two causes which were assigned when it became necessary to justify it; —1. That nq additional weight is thereby given to the primitive charge;

2. That the propagator thereby gives the plaintiff a cause of action against the original defemer. To which latter end it is essential, that the name of the accuser be given up, and the repetition be of the very identical words he used, and not merely synonymous expressions. So that to say, a certain person, not naming him, declared, or that the common report is, that the plaintiff is a felon, is actionable. So, likewise, to assert, that I. . accused the plaintiff in substance and to the

• By »t 3 Edw. 1. c. S4; vide etiam 2 Rich. 2. st. 1. o* f.

INTRODUCTION.

radii

effect following, cannot be justified, because in an action against the original defiuner, the plaintiff could not expressly aate in his declaration, that such was the effect of the slander, nor could he by using words of that import in his count, recover by proving synonymous expressions.—1. As to the reason first assigned j if it be the true one, it seems to follow, that generally to assert (according to the fact) that the plaintiff stands accused by another, not specifying his name, or that the common report says that he is guilty, is not injurious, because the weight of the relator’s own opinion is not thereby.added to the charge. Rot it is actionable, and consequently the reason first assigned will not hold.—2. As to the second reasonj it is not easy to perceive, how the plaintiff is, by the information, compensated for the additional inconvenience which we have shewn that he sustains. And besides, if it be the true one, it seems to follow, that a communication made to the plaintiff of the name of the original slanderer, at any time previous to instituting an action against the propagator, will be sufficient to exonerate him from liability. But the consequence is not admitted, and in order to be secure, he must at the time give up the author’s name, and declare expressly that I. . told him so.

In like manner, where the provisions of a Statute are only such, as, had the matter been argued, would have been pronounced to be the common law rule, the doctrine so declared, has been taken to have been originated by the Statute Law. And thus, in analogous cases, an argument is introduced, that, as the particular case provided for was without protection until the Statute passed, so, likewise, are all those that are in analogy to it.

* These sources of imperfection are all which hare occurred to me; and perhaps, as I observed before, the three first are the only ones, that can be considered as having exercised any very extensive influence. A position which seems justified by Adam Smith’s opinion; who, in declaring the censes of the imperfections of jurisprudence, says—1" In all well governed states, not only Judges are appointed for determining the controversies of individuals, but rules are prescribed for regulating the decisions of those Judges; and these rules are, in general, intended to coincide with those of natural justice. It does not, indeed, always happen, that they do so in every instance. Some* times what Is called the Constitution of the State, that is, the interest of the

VOLr I. c

INTRODUCTION.

XKxiv

The^foregoMig vemarks apply to the mutter of Jurisprudence. With respect to the Form; —though-for many of its forms sufficient reasons can be given, others there are which may not scP readily be traced to their original; unless we consider them a* invented by the lawyers of old, to confine the conduct of a cause to themselves or as the offspring of chance made sacred by time and habit; or ascribe them to a zeal for that system and method, which ennoble even the meanest art, and give it the air of science and wisdom. But from whatever source they sprung, it seems proper, unless plainly inconvenient, * to preserve them, to avoid as well the possibility of error, as the disputes which may arise on every innovation. In practice, moreover, they engage our attention only in company with the matter of Jurisprudence; we come, therefore, to consider them as necessary parts of an entire system; the veneration which properly belongs to the substance, is undistinguishably extended to the form; so that any interference with the one may weaken our respect for the other. Add to which, like the

government; sometimes the interest of particular orders of men who tyrannize the government, warp the positive laws of the country from whit natural justice would prescribe. In some countries the rudeness and barbarism of the people hinder the natural sentiments of justice from arriving at that accuracy and precision which, in more civilized nations, they* naturally attain to Their laws are like their manners, gross, and rude, and undistingnishing. In other countries, the unfortunate constitution of their court* of judicature hinders any regular System of jurisprudence from ever establishing itself among them, though the improved manners of the people may be sneb, as would admit of the most accurate. In no country do the decisions of positive law coincide exactly, In every case, with the rules which the natural sense of justice would dictate. Systems of positive law, therefore, though they deserve the greatest authority, as the records of the sentiments of mankind in different ages and nations, yet can never be regarded as accurate systems of the rules of natural justice."

* Sir William Evans has remarked—" Of the necessity of established forms and Of settled'f dies ofproceed£ng, T have' the fullest convictionboth from rea-*6Mfog and experience, and am equally satisfied of the utility of many of the existing procedures Of the English Court* of Justice; But that many alterations may be made, which may very materially facilitate the administration of justice, without the risk of inducing inconveniences of greater moment than those Which they are intended to obviate; that obstacles exist to the obtaining Of judicial redress, the apprehension of which is attended with an incalculable pried In the failure of justice, and which obstacles might be removed Without Impairing the general excellence of the system with which they are connected; ate truths 'whieb the Warmest admirer of existing institutions, possessing any adequate share of information upon the subject, will hardly venture to deny/ *

INTRODUCTION.

XXXV

splendour of an official garment they captivate the imagination, and lead the unthinking to infer, that what is thus distinguished from the other objects of our acquaintance must merit a super rior admiration. They likewise withdraw the attention from the substance itself, and prevent its becoming familiar to those who are unable to appreciate its real claims to respect.

A religious adherence to established forms, has invariably distinguished the Sages of the English Law. However untenable on principles of reason, it-ls sufficient that they are warranted by precedent. For, as observed long ago, by Mr. Justice Staunvord, on the question, whether an averment by the term " Licet" was sufficient, " If it was the usual form to allege it by licet, then Lwould hold with it." And, after instancing certain cases, in which the omnipotence of custom over reason was conspicuous, he continues, " Wherefore we ought to adhere to the usual forms. But, in this cose, it is. not the usual form to allege the election under the word licet, as you may see in the book of Entries. Therefore, inasmuch as he has not adhered to the usual form, but has chosen such words as to him seemed proper for the matter, we ought not to hold with the words more than they will warrant." So likewise, upon another occasion, though at first it was considered, that an avowry was bad for want of being averred 5 " yet afterwards, " says the Reporter, " the Prothonotaries searched their precedents, and told the Justices, that the usual form was to allege the avowry without averment j with which the Justices were satisfied."

2. But secondly. Even admitting that the first position—that the basis of our Judicial system is precisely that upon which it ought to rest, has not been established 3 the objection may be obviated by shewing, that there are no means of convincing us, that a change of system will ameliorate our condition.

Those who quarrel with the existing state of things, must establish beyond suspicion, first, the insufficiency of the present system; secondly, that the advantages of the proposed change overbalance the inconveniences which the disturbance will occasion; for every institution raises around it a family

c 2

INTRODUCTION *

xxxvi

of connexious and dependents, who must all be disturbed by interfering with the parent institution.

To accomplish this, the advocate for a change must bring to his subject subject such a knowledge of human nature—of the relations of society—of the various ways in which they are affected by the present system—and of the still more various and possible ways in which they may be affected by the projected change, as, judging from experience, beings of a higher order can alone possess.

u II n’appartient, " says Montesquieu, " de proposer dea changemens qu’ k ceux qui sont assez heureusement nls pour plnltrer d’un coup de glnie toute la constitution d’un etat." And the observation of the Abbl Raynal is equally judicious:

-—" L’Etat est une machine trfes compliqule, qu’on ne peut monter ni faire agir sans en connoitre toutes les pieces. On n’en sauroit presser ou relkcher une seule que toutes les autres n’en soient derangles. Tout projet utile pour une dasse de citoyens ou pour un moment de crise, peut devenir funeste k toute la nation, et nuisable pour un long avenir. Detruisez ou denaturez un grand corps; ces mouvemens convulsifs qu’on appelle coups d’etat, agiteront la masse national©, qui s’en ressentira peut-etre durant des siscles. Toutes les innovations doivent Itre insensible, naitre du besoin, Atre inspires par une sort de cri public, ou du moins s’accorder avec le voeu general. Anlantir ou crier tout a coup, c’est empirer le mal et corrompre le bien. Agir sans consulter la volontl glnlral, sans recueiller, pour ansi dire, la plurality des suffrages dans l’opinion publique; c’est alilner les coeurs et les esprit, tout dlcrlditer, mime le bon et i’honnlte." *

• Upon the subject of paftial innovation, Sir William Evans has made the following very sensible remarks" The objection (against an amendment of the law) proceeding from a fair and laudable attachment to existing institutions, and an apprehension of the detriment and inconvenience which would arise to the community by encouraging a deviation from them, is a principle in itself most just and reasonable; which in every instance not only admits, but requires the greatest caution and circumspection; bnt which, I apprehend, is, in its practical application, carried to an extreme degree of timidity, so as to militate against that general utility which, within its proper limits, it is most essentially calculated to promote.

INTRODUCTION* XXXVii

•' It is a part of the plan for consolidating the Statute Law, that will hereafter be proposed, to arrange the enactments in a systematic form. And upon this account, also, may objections, derived from views of policy, be offered to the measure;

" There is (he is speaking with reference to the general question of the propriety and expedience of admitting an alteration of the Law, in cases in which, upon a fair and candid examination, such alteration may be recsonably expected, in its general consequences, to be beneficial to the community) of coarse no difference of opinion, where the change proposed Is clearly and evidently of the description referred to; and an admission of the beneficial tendency of a measure with reference to the whole of its effects, is an admission of the wisdom and propriety of its adoption. The material question for examination is, whether there is not in many persons of the purest intention and of very enlightened understanding, too strong a predisposition to reject any suggestion of a particular change, as being an infraction of settled principles, regarded with veneration and respect; —too great a disinclination to bring to the subject that spirit of fair and candid examination, by which alone the real merits of a proposal for deviating from ancient usage can be justly and reasonably tried. Upon this subject I cannot but feel a strong impression, that instead of the cautions and useful spirit of analytical examination, certain f&vonrite watch-words are too frequently resorted to and exposed from one quarter to another, in a tone and manner rather calculated to silence inquiry, than to induce a rational assent and conviction. The dangers of innovation— the cry of mere novelty—the preference of practice to specalation, of experience to theory—and the full and general chorus embracing all these in a sweeping and indiscriminate appeal to the wisdom of our ancestors/ afford a set of phrases which can be applied at pleasure with mechanical repetition, an imposing air, and powerful effect; and cerUinly with much less trouble of thooght and investigation than is requisite for forming an adequate decision of the salutary or prejudicial consequences of any existing institution, and the general sum of benefit or injury which may be reasonably expected from its abolition or connection.

" I trust, that from long acquaintance with, and & well known attachment to the existing system of the Laws and Institutions of the Country, I have as little disposition to encourage a wanton spirit of experimental change, as the most clamorons advocate for the indiscriminate continuance of existing institutions. —I am fully satisfied of the advantage of adhering to settled habits and known rules of conduct and procedure—of the important and intimate connection prevailing between the different component parts of the same general and united system—of the cantions circumspection which, in contemplating a promised benefit, should watch with minute and scrupulous attention the probability of a consequential mischief. In deciding between an existing establishment and a suggested alteration, I am fully sensible of the error of being influenced by mere considerations of abstract propriety, as applied by a priori reasoning, to the adoption of the one system or the other in the choice of a new and original establishment; and I fully admit, that in order to induce an alteration, there should be a strong and manifest evidence of the injurioos tendency of the existing practice, as a strong and manifest preponderance in favour of the offered substitution.

INTRODUCTION.

XXXviii

It may be objected to a systematic arrangement, first, that experience has shown, that the most effectual expedient for extinguishing whatever degree of good sense there may be in any moral doctrine, is to reduce it to a scholastic technical

" It certainly is difficult to conceive upon what principles, it should be assumed, that while every other science has been progressive, and followed the natural course of observation and experience in the correction of errors and the extension of useful discovery, the sciences of Legislation and Jurisprudence should alone be considered as stationary and retrograde.—The true cause, however, of the excessive Dread of Innovation, appears to be the extreme to which an opposite principle has been carried, and the veiy serious evils which have in fact resulted from it, insomuch, that a dread of the consequences arising, from the mere spirit of captious and wanton change has been extended to the discouragement and suppression of an inclination in favour of gradual, temperate, and practical improvement. At a period when attempts have been made to lessen the attachment of the subjects of Great Britain to the Political Constitution which they enjoy, it is not surprising that the spirit of adherence to that Constitution has extended itself to the more particular details of practical jurisprudence with which it is connected, and that any attempt to ameliorate the one has been resisted as indicating a disposition to subvert and violate the other.

" The following considerations upon this subject, by Mr. Bentham, appear to me to be perfectly judicious and well-founded.—The constitutional branch of the Laws of England is admirable in many respects. The composition of the Legislative Body is nearly a model of perfection. Such, at least, has been the opinion of a great number of judicious and impartial persons; an opinion which will appear the more just, the more this constitution is considered in relation with the situation and circumstances of the people who eqjoy this inestimable advantage. Another part of the Law which has a great connection with the preceding, and which likewise merits great encomium for some of its fundamental principles, is the organization of the tribunals, the publicity of procedure, the trial by jury in political questions, the liberty of the press, the habeas corpus, the right of assembly and petition, and some others, which are the segis of public and individual liberty. This excellent basis of Legislation is the first in point of importance, bnt compared with the total mass of the faws, it is not the hundredth part; yet it is easy to perceive, that the esteem which is due to the constitutional branch naturally extends itself to all the others, by a simple and easy process of the imagination, and still more of the affections. The good seems a safeguard to the bad. It does not enter into the mind to suppose, that, together with such excellent laws, any bad ones can be allowed to subsist; a natural prepossession is formed in favour of the whole; esteem refuses an alliance with contempt; and the high opinion which is formed of one part of the Code is an obstacle to every examination which would tend to degrade another."

There are some observations in the Review of the French Code destruction Criminelle, with which we shall conclude this note.

" It sounds a little like the beginning of. a tritical Essay to say, that there is nothing which is of so much consequence for a people to know, as the excelnTRODOCTION.

xxxix

system of artificial definitions and divisions; and that as in every instance there is the strictest, analogy between morals and jurisprudence, and in most instances they ace the same— truths applicable to the one muBt apply to the other.

This objection has two branches; one relating to Definition, the other to Classification. It is. only, however, by resolving the.latter into, the former, that its truth can be admitted; since it is not conceivable that mere Classification can be attended with any such results, unless it .be so constructed, as to be, in effect, a more enlarged species of Definition.—The evils of Definition seem to be the following.

A Definition tends to prejudice the mind in favour of dm position'which it inculcates, and either to induce a .neglect of farther experiment, or an indisposition to attend toy or

leades >nd defects of their laws. But it is dot quite tritical, we believe, to say that it is of infinitely more consequence that they should know the defects, than the excellencies of their laws; and that there is nothing with which they are so unwilling to be made acquainted. The little sentiment of personal consequence attaches itself to all the Institutions under which we have been accus? tomed to live. Onr family, our country, oar laws, onr government—must be better than ail other families, countries, laws, and governments!—And in thin temper which is habitual to the greatest partof mankind, and to thp least on* lightened the most remarkably, we would rather bear all the evils resulting from the defects of onr jaws, than allow, that there can be any defects in the laws of so \ronderful a people. rW0i trtavrov, which the highest authority ban converted into a role of Christian perfection, useful and difficult as it may be to individuals, is perhaps still more highly useful to communities, aodatiH more difficult to practise. Of their overweening partialities to themselves personally) men, if they are not the weakest of men, are generally ashamed; blit national partialities, how weak and ridiculous soever, are boasted of as patriotism, and he who would reason against them, runs some risk of being treated as aa enemy to his country. Yet there is no way in which false notions of himself are likely to J>e prejudicial to an individual, in which a similar error Is not likely to produce still worse consequences to a nation."

* " It is, " says Dugald Stewart, u very judiciously observed by Mr. Busks, in his Essay on Taste, that when we define, we are in danger of cir-eaasscribing Nature within the bounds of pur own notions, which we often take.op by toward, or embraceon trust, or form out of a limited and partial' consideration of the object before ns, instead of extending our ideas to take in all that Nature comprehends, according to her manner ef combining* Wo are limited in.our inquiry , by the strict laws to which we have submitted at onr setting ont."

INTRODUCTION.

xl

even perceive distinctly those which are contradictory. It is only, therefore, after an extensive course of experiment, affording' with consent of aU inquirers uniform results, with the probability of no contradictory phenomena, that we can, with any safety, generalize from particular instances.

Such then are the evils of Definition, and such the evils which the objection deprecates; and its force will be allowed, when the Classification proposed shall be shown to have the tendency of Definition.

Secondly, it may be -objected, that by exhibiting a lucid and systematic view of the Statute Law, its doctrines will be rendered more familiar, of which if any are unfriendly to the spirit of the Constitution, they will, in the end, lose their revolting features, and the mind be insensibly disposed to view, with indifference, doctrines of a similar nature. But the answer to this objection is, that it is not known that any such are to be found.

One more objection, on the score of policy, remains, namely, the difficulty in ascertaining, whether the work, when completed, comprehends, without the minutest exception, every enactment. Which objection is answered by showing, that proper media can be furnished for deciding upon its sufficiency. An Analysis of the Consolidation will, in the first instance, be submitted to those who are to decide upon its merits, who, by progressively erasing the enactments in the Statute Book to which the placita in the Analysis correspond, will, by mere inspection, discover, in the end, whether any omissions have occurred.

And thus, having disposed of the objections that may be offered to the Policy of the measure, the Plan itself upon which - - 11 ---• " Although/* says Mr. Locke, " our knowledge begins in particulars, and so spreads itself by degrees to generals; yet afterwards the mind takes quite the contrary course, and having drawn its knowledge into as general proposition# as it can, makes them familar to its thoughts, and accustoms itself to have recourse to them, as to the standards of truth and falsehood." Quoted by Dugald Stkwajit.

INTRODUCTION.

XII

It is proposed to Consolidate the Statutes, should now be explained. Since, however, mere description would convey but very crude and indistinct notions of this plan, unless accompanied by illustration, and as the latter would extend this essay to a very unreasonable length, it has been judged best not to open it here. The results of its operation are exemplifying in Bills that will progressively be Introduced.

We shall therefore conclude with some observations on the proposed Arrangement of the Consolidation—that of the Commentaries.

It may be objected, that the mode of Classification proposed is not the best, in that either an Alphabetical, or a Philosophical Arrangement should be adopted.

With respect to an Alphabetical Arrangement; it is observable, that the particular arrangement preferable to every other, is that best suited to the end in view; or the most important end, where more than one are contemplated. Now the ends of classifying the Statutes are two:—1. To give notoriety to their provisions, by presenting them in a shape that shall make a lasting impression upon the memory; 2, To facilitate reference. Of these ends, the first is the most important, and can only be accomplished by a Systematic Arrangement.

With regard to a Philosophical Arrangement, or that by which the various Relations of the subject would be distinguished; there are two objections to it.

First, it is remote from common practice, so that by adopting it, we should sacrifice the maxim, that the method of communicating knowledge must be adapted to the state of the recipients, and a deference be paid to custom, and the humour and genius of those whom we address.

- Secondly, it is useless, as will appear from the following considerations.

INTRODUCTION *

ftlii

A Relation is, where, in some way or other, this person or thing is connected with that. So far as Morals and Juris* prudence are concerned, there is nothing real in the Relations which may be established between their several parts; since it is not because such and such parts are connected with each other, that such and such consequences therefore follow. If then, in this respect, there is nothing real in the doctrine of Relation, no attempt should be made to reason from it, or to arrange a subject with such a view. Hence the errors of L’Espmt dks Loix, wherein all the Principles are deduced from certain pre-established Relations. And hence the propriety of Mr. Hume’s opinion, that this theory which supposes all right to be founded on certain Rapports or Relations, is a system which never will be reconciled with true Philosophy.

To this system, that doctrine of proportioning Punishments to Crimes, which has misled so many respectable men, owes its authoritative stamp; a doctrine which not only seeks to introduce a frivolous accuracy into a subject which does not admit of it; but is deduced solely from the theory of Relation, without (it is submitted) the smallest foundation in reason to support it.

To mark the different relations in Jurisprudence, can only be necessary for the purpose of analogy; which means the similarity or sameness, not of two things, but of two Relations* By observing a similarity between the Relations of things, we discover that the things themselves are similar, and thence infer, that the same properties are common to both* But what end can be served by this process in a system of positive law, like the Statutes, that shall compensate the inconveniencies of the arrangement which it would introduce, is not conceivable by the writer. It may frequently, indeed, be a convenient method, to treat of two subjects under one point of view; but good sense, rather than any pre-established rules, must regulate this matter.

If then as well a Philosophical, as an Alphabetical Arrangement, must be rejected; what remains but to follow that of

INTRODUCTION. Xllii

Sir William Blackstone ?* To justify the whole by a part, examine the Arrangement of his Fourth Book.

The Principal Heads under which the Criminal Code may be arranged, are one of the following three :—1. The different Punishments annexed to the different species of offence; as Death and Transportation; 2. The Subject-matters of offence; as Persons and Property; 3. The Generical names of the different kinds of offence; as Treason and Felony.

By electing the first mode, this question is perpetually suggested; whether the same punishment should be annexed to two or more different offences:a question which, if of any, is of the highest importance to be suggested. Since, however, this mode of Arrangement has no other advantage to balance the inconveniencies which attend it, f it must be re* It has been well observed, that " no plan of Classification could be devised, with which all parties would he satisfied. The famons compilers of the Civil Law, had their discordant notions as to Classification; and the three great Works which have shed such lustre on the reign of Justinian—the Code, the Institutes, and the Pandects, are each arranged after a different manner/ ’

What Johnson has remarked in speaking of Pope’s Essay on Criticism, changing what should be changed, will account for this diversity—" Almost every Poem consisting of Precepts, is so far arbitrary and unmethodical, that many of the Paragraphs may change places, with no apparent inconvenience; for of two or more positions depending upon some remote and general principle, there is seldom any cogent reason why one should precede the other. It is possible, says Hooker, that by long circumduction, from any one truth all may be inferred. Of all homogeneous truths at least, of all truths respecting the same general end, in whatever series they may be produced, a concatenation by intermediate ideas may be formed, such as, when it is once shown, shall appear natural; but if this order he reversed, another mode of connexion equally specious may be found or made. Aristotle is praised for naming Fortitude first of the Cardinal Virtues, as that without which no other virtue can steadily be practised; but he might, with equal propriety, have placed Pru* dence and Justice before it, since without Prudence, Fortitude is mad; without Justice, it is miscliievons."

" As the end of method is Perspicuity, that series is sufficiently regular that avoids obscurity."

♦ It seems to have been the mode which suggested itself to Lord Stanhope, since in the first number of the Edinburgh Monthly Review, it is (very rndely) remarked, that " the most fanciful and absurd Arrangement ever heard of, was that of Lord Stanhope, whereby all the Acts imposing the Punishment of the Pillory, were to he Consolidated into one Act."

INTRODUCTION.

xliv

jected, for the question proposed is (as it seems to the writer) of no sort of importance.

* The olgection to annexing the tame punishment to different offences, stands upon this footing—that thereby the same punishment is extended to crimes of very different character and malignity. Which objection may be stated more at large, and answered in the following manner.

At where different actiont are by Nature made the objects of RsamtsMnf, the idea of (what shall be called) Moral Guilt, is in the same or in different degrees annexed to each, exactly as they are made the objects of the same or of different degrees of Resentment; so where different actions are by Law made the objects of the idea of (what shall be called) Legal Guilt it in the

tame or in different degrees annexed to each, exactly as they are made the objects of the same or of different degrees of Punishment. Now this distinction in onr ideas of moral guilt having been ordained by Nature, to excite our resentment more strongly against certain offences, and thereby more effectually deter us from committing them, it is of importance to keep it alive. Any institution, therefore, which tends to confound this distinction, is so far injurious. And this tendency is ascribed to a system, which annexes the same punishment to offences differing in degrees of turpitude: equalizing the punishment, it is thought, has the effect of equalizing the idea of guilt.

This Theory altogether depends upon the notion, that our natural sentiments lie entirely under the dominion of opinion; so that when the opinion of others is contrary to the voice of Nature, the former will prevail. That the law (the opinion of the community) having declared, that certain offences which Nature has made distinct are all involved in the same degree of guilt, we are so entirely under the inffuence of its dictates, that we come to feel no greater abhorrence at one crime than another.

The agreement, or disagreement, both of the sentiments and judgments of other people with our own, is in all cases of more or less importance to us, and therefore in all cases exercises more or less influence over us, exactly in proportion as we ourselves are more or less uncertain about the propriety of onr own sentiments, about the accuracy of our own judgments. Where our uncertainty is very great, its dominion is unbounded; but where Nature has planted within our own breasts the standard of truth and falsehood, it exercises none.

To exemplify this by the doctrine of a profound philosopher—There are some very noble and beautiful arts, in which the degree of excellence can be determined only by a certain nicety of taste, of which the decisions, however, appear always, in some measure, uncertain. There are others in which the success admits of dear demonstration. Among the candidates for excellence in these different arts, the anxiety about the public opinion is always much greater in the former than in the latter.

Thus, the beauty of Poetry is a matter of such nicety, that a young beginner can scarce ever be certain that he has attained it. Nothing, therefore, delights him so much, as the favourable judgments of his friends and of the public; and nothing mortifies him so severely as the contrary. The one establishes, the other shakes, the good opinion which he is anxious to entertain concerning his own performances. Experience and success may in time give him a little more confidence in his own judgment. He is at all times, however, liable to be most severely mortified by the unfavourable judgments of the public. MathematiINTRODUCTION

xlv

By adopting the Second mode of Arrangement invariably, and without any exception. Crimes essentially differing in their properties and incidents, will be herded together) and not, therefore, so easily remembered in regard to their different

riant on the contrary, who may have the most perfect assnraoce both of the troth and of the importance of their discoveries, are commonly very indifferent about the reception which they may meet with from the public.

Now if this reasoning be just, it is fatal to the theory under consideration. For, as with mathematical, so, though upon different grounds, it is with those instinctive judgments which Nature teaches os to form in order to advance the ends of oor creation. The love of security and property (the objects of Jurisprudence) are obviously principles instinctive and original, being operations of too much consequence in life to be trusted to the slow and uncertain process of experience and reasoning. And so, likewise, are the judgments which we form respecting their violation; nor do they, in any degree, * lie under the influence of opinion. The world united could not persuade a man, who has been deprived of his finger, that bis calamity is greater than had his arm been amputated; or one who bas been robbed of the whole of his property, that his misfortune Is less afflicting than had he lost a part. To annex, therefore, the same punishment to crimfcs of different malignity, will never change the sentiments which they naturally excite. The only effect will be, as we have daily proof, to induce 11s to rail at enactments, which to our limited, though natural view, seem to be unjust.

Bat how erroneous soever this system (of proportioning punishments to crimes) may be, it could never have imposed upon so many, had it not, in some respects, been founded in Nature. As different injuries naturally excite different degrees of resentment, we are natnrally disposed to chastise some more severely than others. A scale of punishment becomes from tikis'cause a familiar notion, and when from any circumstance our attention is turned to its original, we pronounce it in common with the rest of our opinions, to be the offspring of reason. In searching, however, for the reason, we can find none plausible but that already mentioned, and which, therefore, we necessarily adopt. Hie Lei Talitmv, too, wherever it bas obtained, has strengthened this idea of a scale of punishment, and it seems to have obtained in the infancy of most societies. A distinct idea of the true end and probable influence of punishment, can alone suggest distinct ideas of Us proper measure. The Ideas, therefore, of rude legislators are upon this, as upon all other complex subjects, in confusion. The notion of exact retaliation readily presents itself to the coarsest understanding; and upon this they rest, as well from the specious appearance which it carries in its face, as to escape from the uneasiness of a state of perplexity and hesitation. Still farther strengthened is this idea of graduated punishment, by the gradation which obtains in every civilised code; induced, however, by the circumstance of this penalty being efficacious in one crime, that only in another.

If it be said, that many Crimes of positive institution (as the phrase is) excite alike the same degree of detestation, and that as some in their effects are mere injurious than others, it is necessary by severer punishments, to increase our abhorrence for the latter; it may be answered, that no such consequence will follow; it being an old truth, that if the crime does not excite our detestation,

INTRODUCTION.

fclvi

peculiarities. An inconvenience avoided by classing Crimes under the Generical names of the different kinds of offence. Such, accordingly, has been the usual plan of Sir William Blackstone.

In his Internal Arrangement he is equally judicious. There are certain general matters which equally apply to all Classes of offence; for example. Modes of Procedure; and hence certain General Divisions must Le established, under which these matters may be noticed. Sometimes, however, one species of offence shall be distinguished from all the rest, and instead of being subjected to the General Regulations, shall affect Others peculiar to itself. Now these peculiarities may be noticed either under the head which treats of the offence itself, or under that which treats of the General Regulations to which the peculiarities form an exception. For example, the rule in High Treason, allowing the accused a list of the Crown Witnesses, may either be noticed under the division which treats of the Crime of Treason, gr under that which treats of Trial and Conviction. By electing the latter, a variety of enactments having no particular connection with each other— connected only through the medium of some General Idea, will be united in the same place; and thereby also enactments will be dissevered from the subject to which they are intimately and naturally related. Accordingly Sir William Blackstone has usually adopted the former mode; though

(and, by the same reason, any particular degree of it) the punishment never will. In spite of the Pillory, political libellers were always commiserated.

Our sense of the enormity of Crime maybe deadened by custom, as the state of men, brought up amidst licentiousness, proves. But the boundaries between one crime and another, so long as we regard them both as crimes, can never be obliterated. In this particular, custom can only pervert our sentiments by transforming Vice to Virtue, and connecting a vicious practice with the semblance of utility; as was the case with the Greeks in the article of Infanticide.

- - It is no Sin at all.

But Charity - Most dangerous is that temptation, that doth goad us on To Sin in loving Virtue.

* The French Code, to a certain extent, sanctions the same General Principles of Arrangement, with this addition, that under its General Divisions placita are introduced referring to what, though related to the general doctrine of which it is then treating, has a more intimate connexion with some other

INTRODUCTION. Xlvii

not always, as in the example taken from the Law of High Treason.

division, and under which, therefore, it has been inserted. For example, the General Division which treats of Contracts, has reference to the Commercial Code.

* Would this be an improvement upon Sir William’s general arrangement of bis Fourth Book; to introduce after the three first Chapters which treat of general matters relating to Crime (namely—the nature of Crimes and Punishments; by whom Crimes may be committed; and the different*degrees of guilt,) the general Code of procedure; since as the arrangement now stand *, exceptions are considered before roles are discussed ?

ON THE

REDUCTION TO WRITING

OF TH *

CRIMINAL LAW OF ENGLAND.

" It fortunately happens, to prevent all controversy and elation of mind, that onr predecessors will remain undisturbed in the honour and reverence due to them; whilst we pursue our own designed reap the fruits of our moderation. For, if we should pretend to produce any thing better than our predecessors, yet proceed in the same way as they did, we could by no art of words prevent some apparent riralship in capacity or ability:and however allowable this might be, as it is a liberty they took before ust yet we should know the inequality of our own strength, and not stand the comparison. But now, os we go upon opening a quite new way for the understanding, untried and unknown to our predecessors, the case changes, and all party and contest drops.

u And now we have only this request to make; that as we have bestowed much thought and care, not only that what we offer should be true, but*also as much as is possible that it should be accessible to the numan mind, though strangely beset and prepossessed:we entreat it, as a piece of justice at the hands of mankind, if they would judge of any thing we deliver, either from their own sense, the cloud of authorities, or the forms of demonstration which now prevail as so many jndicial laws j that they do it* not on the sudden, and without attention, bnt first master the subjecty by degrees make trial of the way we chalk out, and accustom themselves to that subtlety of things which is imprinted in experience; and, lastly, that by due and seasonable perseverance, they correct the ill habits that closely adhere to the mind: and when thus they begin to be themselves, let them use their own judgment, and welcome.*— Lord Macon's Introduction to his Novum Organum.

11 We suppose it will be granted, that that code of institutions is the most perfect, which most effectually provides for every difficult ease as it emerges, and therefore averts, as far as possible, the occurrence of doubt, and, or course, of litigation, by giving the most accurate and certain interpretation to the general rule, when applied to cases as they arise."—Scott's Life of Napoleon.

VOL. I.

d

PRELIMINARY OBSERVATIONS.

Certain reasons, stated and examined in the following pages, have been declared against the Reduction of the law to Writing; misleading, it is conceived, the judgments of many eminent members of the profession. And did the argument in its favour depend upon any other data than those obtained by intuition only, —was the proposition sought to be established by a balancing of opposite arguments, a comparison of opposite facts and presumptions, —it would; under the circumstances, be in vain to anticipate that unbiassed attention to necessary to its adequate adjustment. Its claims to that attention are rested upon the single circumstance, that it can be proved to demonstration, that the proposition, so to speak, is a question of figures 3 and that it can be proved to demonstration, that the reasons declared against its adoption are founded in misconception.

The verification, however, of these assertions, will be nothing to the disparagement of those eminent persons; since, though the question upon which their opinions were given is a question of jurisprudence, yet it was no part of their duty as lawyers to qualify themselves for its solution. It is no disparagement to a physician that he has misconceived the principle of association, or any other of the laws of mind; since, though appertaining to that being with which his attention is occupied, yet the knowledge of that principle (to assume the fact) is not necessary to

Reduction to Writing, £c. ‘U

the perfection of the healing art. In like manner, it it no disparagement to a lawyer, that he hat misconceived the principles upon which the jurisprudence of his Country ought to proceed, and upon which, with perfect safety and feasibility, it can proceed j since, though a branch of that science upon which his thoughts are employed, yet an acquaintance with those principles is not at all essential to the discharge of his professional functions. It is no disparagement to assert, that the opinion of a lawyer, what* ever his professional eminence may be, who has not addressed his mind to this particular object, is worth no more than the opinion of any other man.

Should it be objected to the course pursued, that the refutation of living opinions is little likely to advance a cause, however dependent upon that refutation; # it may be replied, that the peculiar circumstances of the present ease render it different to all others of its kind. The avowed purpose of the pending reforms being, to place the jurisprudence of the country in that state which reasoning can demonstrate to be the fittest and most appropriate, is a guarantee against the operation, if not existence, of unworthy feeling.

No less fortunate are the other auspices under which a measure for the Reduction of the Criminal Law to Writing would make its first appearance; in that neither

• " Even in matters purely intellectual, the prejudices and the selfishness, or the vanity, of those who pursue them, not unfrequently combine to resist improvements, and often engage no inconsiderable degree of talent in drawing back, instead of pushing forward, the machine of science. The introduction of methods entirely new, must often change the relative place of the men engaged in scientific pursuits; and must oblige many, after descending from the stations they formerly occupied, to take a lower rank in the scale of intellectual advancement. The enmity of aoeb men, if they be not animated by a spirit of real candoift, and the love of truth, is likely to be directed against methods by which their vanity ic mortified, and their importance lessened."— Profmor Playfair *

d 2



Reduction to Writing

does the decision of its merits belong to any particular clan of men, nor has it ever yet received a decision. The slow progress of truth, the common complaint of every age, is, amongst others, ascribable to the following very influential causes: 1. To the circumstance of there being a particular clasQ*n society, who are, or are supposed to be, the sole arbiters of a particular question. A body of men are little disposed or qualified to question a system, in the principles of which they have been educated, and when regarded as their peculiar patrimony, view with jealousy the attempts of individuals of their own fraternity, and, with much greater, those of strangers. But the question which such a measure would involve, is not necessarily to be solved by lawyers. The question which peculiarly is the subject of their province is this, —what are the established laws, either expressly promulgated, or to be collected from inference, analogy, or interpretation ? " Lawyers write,

according to the states where they live, what is received law, and not what ought to be law; for the wisdom of a law-maker is one, and of a lawyer is another."* The question involved by such a measure would be, —In what form shall those laws be expressed ? 2. The circumstance that the question has, upon former occasions, been debated, and all that is now advanced in its support been answered, is another obstacle to the progress of truth. People, not themselves under the influence of those feelings which induced the former opponents to prolong the error, are disposed to regard their opposition as fair and consci* entious, and in deference to their abilities, or more comprehensive views, and from incapacity to define the very ground of their objection, are apt to distrust their own

9 Lord Bacon.

of the Criminal Law. lift

judgment. But in reference to the present subject, the question has never yet been brought to a decision.

If, too, it shall ultimately appear, * that all who have advocated the reduction of the law to writing have entirely misconceived the objects which the reduction is destined to attain, —have altogether mistaken the mode in which the reduction is to be accomplished, and, in so doing, have demonstrated the impracticability of attaining the objects which the reduction is destined to secure, — this circumstance will be likewise favourable. Most

* The discussion of this branch of the subject is too long to be entertained in a pamphlet; but the following general observations are subjoined

Those who advocate the Reduction of the Law to Writing, have one of three objects in view :—1. To decide between conflicting opinions, and correct acknowledged imperfections; 9. To preserve the rales which now obtain from any subsequent change; 3. To furnish rules for the decision of future cases.

To what extent they contemplate these object, is to be gathered, not from their declaration upon the subject, but from the model which they recommend for obtaining them. Since, in spite of their declarations to the contrary, men cannot be said to contemplate ends, for the accomplishment of which the means which they recommend are totally inadequate.

Upon, examining the different systems, which have hitherto been advanced, far Reducing the Law to Waiting, it will be found, that the ends which their author* have had in contemplation, are the two first, and the two first only; namely, 1. To decide between conflicting opinions, and correct acknowledged imperfections; 9. To preserve the rules which now obtain from any subsequent change; and not, as in the system now recommended; 3. To furnish rules for the decision of future caaea.

To fix somo certain definite rule, where the authorities are at variance, and to substitute what is right for that which is admitted to be wrong, is, when attainable, a proceeding of which all must approve. But, for this purpose, to advocate the reduction of the entire system to writing, is to propose $ remedy infiuitely too extensive for the evil to be redressed, —to recommend a change not warranted by the reasons assigned for it.

To preserve the rules which now obtain from any subsequent change, can be beneficial only upon three suppositions: 1. That the rules which now obtain are just; 9. That it is probable that the coarts will, at some future period, change them, and thereby substitute for what is right that which is wrong; 3. That even admitting the rules which now obtain to be erroneous, yet it is better lo preserve them for the present and in all future time, .by toking from the courts the discretion which, under the existing system, they have of changing Ibera. Neither of which suppositions, it is conceived, will be allowed.

tiv Reduction to Writing

projects are condemned in the outset5 and people are averse to reconsider, on the same grounds, a subject upon which they have already formed an opinion. But when the propriety of that opinion, upon the grounds on which it proceeded, is acknowledged, and a rehearing of the case demanded, from the fallacy of the former arguments in its favour having kept the real basis on which it rests out of view, the request can hardly be refused.

The intention of the following observations, is to convey a general idea of the proposition submitted, and of the reasons upon which it proceeds; and thereby induce clear perceptions of a subject, upon which so much misconception has prevailed from the want of them. To descend to particulars, would involve such copiousness of detail, and variety of illustration, as altogether to exceed the limits of a pamphlet. These, however, are absolutely essential to decide upon its merits, and will be furnished, should the opportunity be afforded, by the introduction, and subsequent discussion, of the measure proposed.

The laws of Thb laws of England are divisible into the Written dmiibie into Law or Acts of Parliament, and the Unwritten or Common the^fnitten Law. Which phrase " Common Law " has two different senses 5 one proper, * the other figurative. In its proper signification, it designates laws not included in the book styled " The Statutes of the Realm; " in its figurative sense, we intend those principles of reason which should govern in the absence of positive authority. What those unwritten laws are depends partly upon evidence, partly upon the opinion of the judicial authorities; and what

L.

of the Criminal Law.

those principles are, altogether depends upon the opinion of the Judges.

A reform of these laws, written and unwritten, and,

I therefore, of our Criminal Law, may consist, 1. In a Consolidation of the Statutes; 2. In an Amendment of both Statute and Common Law; . In a Reduction of the Common Law to Writing.

1. Statutes are Consolidated, when, by uniting two or more together, we make one serve the purpose'of many. And the advantages of a Consolidation are, first, that it brings under one point of view that which now lies scattered over the face of many volumes. Secondly, it ascertains the reciprocal influence which a variety of statutes, each applicable to the same subject, have upon each other; a knowledge which, under the present state of firings, it is matter of the greatest difficulty, nay, often of impossibility, for the most comprehensive mind to attain. Thirdly, it deteets and reconciles those contradictions and inconsistencies so constantly observable, where a number of statutes have been applied from time to time to the same subject. Fourthly, by reducing the law to a greater certainty, it diminishes litigation; and by exhibiting a dear and connected view of that law, it enables us to observe, and, observing, to supply, those particulars in which it is defective.

2. Laws are Amended9 when the deficiencies discoverable by observation or experience are supplied. By attending to the principle upon which a law proceeds, and observing the deviations from that principle which, in point of fact, have taken place, we are enabled to correct those deviations. And by experiencing, in the practical

lv

A reform of these lews may consist In n consolidation, so amendment, udmdsfttia* to writing *

A consolidation of the law defined, and its advantages ascertained.

An amendment of the lew defined, and its advantages ascertained.

) vi Reduction to Writing

workings of the system, the actual effects of a law, we are enabled to detect, and correct or palliate inconveniences which are not discoverable by mere observation alone.

A reduction of 3. Laws are Reduced to Writing, when those which

theta*to writfag defined, depend upon evidence, or rest in the discretion of the end its sdranuges nicer- Magistrate, are ascertained and declared by legislative Uined, authority. By a reduction, therefore, of our laws to

writing, we intend a conversion of Common to Statute Law \ upon principles, however, that will hereinafter be propounded, and which, shortly, may be stated to be, the substitution of general rules for particular decrees $ principles which, to the extent that may be practicable, will be followed in the reform of the Statute or Written Law* And the advantages of ouch a reduction will best appear, from attending to the consequences which, more or less, result from the want of it. 1. Where there is no such written or positive law, the decision of causes is left, in a great measure, to equity and the sense of mankind, -—in other words, to the discretion of the Judge; and it is the first principle of a free government to leave nothing, which we are not obliged to leave, to the discretion of the Magistrates.* 2. Each case is decided, by what appears to the then presiding tribunal to be just. Now, since the notion 9 of what is just is formed from the balancing of opposite advantages and disadvantages, and as either all the items of the list* may not, at the moment, present themselves to the mind, or, should they occur, then as different notions of what is just may be formed by different minds, of a class of particular cases, which, in reason, are alike the

* Optima lex qua minimum judici relinquit: oplinous judex qui minimum aibi."—

Lord Bacon.

of the Criminal Law. Ivn

subjects of the same law, the whole or a portion may be subjected to an erroneous law, and some to one law, some to another. 3. Upon each individual occasion, the labour of# balancing opposite advantages and disadvantages must be incurred, and the risk run of some being left out of the account. 4. Upon the occurrence of every new case, the question arises, What will be the opinion of the Court ? A conjecture upon this subject can be formed only by comparing opposite analogies. These analogies are so numerous, and the adjustment of their relative hearings is consequently so intricate a task, that hardly a case occurs in which there are not legal opinions either way. Excessive litigation, therefore, is another consequence of the absence of such positive law; for, if there is no recognised law to govern your case, you must necessarily have recourse to a judicial tribunal. 5. Even where new causes are decided from analogy to previous decisions, yet these decisions, from the natural infirmity of the wisest, are too often wrong, and thus modifications of the original error are endlessly diversified. 6. Without such positive laws, we cannot, with certainty, order our conduct or affair *

This, then, the Reduction of the Law to Writings is the subject of the following Essay.

• Vide etiam infra. Chapter I., Sections 2, 3. 5.

lriii

Reduction to Writing

CHAPTER I.

Assuming that the principles upon which our system of Criminal Jurisprudence now proceeds are right, have they been adequately pursued ?

Division of the In all disquisitions upon the sufficiency of the present

two ports. , nt° State of jurisprudence, * two questions arise :~1. Assuming that the principles upon which the system now proceeds are right, have they been adequately pursued? 2. Are the principles themselves right ? And from the solution of these two principal questions, two subordinate questions necessarily arise, namely 3. Assuming that the principles

themselves are right, and that it can be shown that they have not adequately been followed up, is it expedient that the deficiency should be supplied? 4. Supposing that it can be shown that the principles themselves are wrong, is it expedient to substitute right principles in their stead ? The two principal questions are, as is obvious, so entirely distinct one from another, that those who would pay attention to the first, might, with perfect consistency, refuse to listen to the second. It is proposed, therefore, to give to each a separate discussion, and to consider in the first place, and in the present Essay, whether.

Distribution of I. Assuming that the principles upon which the system into two'chap- now proceeds are right, have they been adequately pur-Un' sued ?

* This term has lately been employed by good writers, to designate as well a body of laws, as the science itself; an example which 1 have followed.

of the Criminal Law.

lix

II, Assuming that the principles themselves are right, and that it can be shown that they have not been adequately pursued, is U expedient that the deficiency should be supplied?

Principles, in jurisprudence, are those fundamental Two principles maxims which are assumed to be just, and are used by Jurisprudence, the legislator as his guides in the formation of laws, trining6 to the Now, though the principles of Criminal Jurisprudence j^enJeieet^ axe not one but many, yet the object of the following for disquisition being to recommend the reduction of the law to writing, those principles only which the measure re* commended seeks more effectually to follow up, will be considered at present. Those principles—the most important of all—are, 1, That laws should be as Certain $

2. And as Complete, as human intelligence can make them.

In the consideration of these principles it is proposed to show, 1, That our laws are susceptible of certainty;

2, And of completeness, in a very high degree, 3, That our system of Criminal Jurisprudence is uncertain and incomplete. 4. And then to ascertain, by what means we can give to our Criminal Jurisprudence that degree of certainty and completeness of which it is susceptible.

But as, introductory to these topics, it is necessary that Preliminary we distinctly understand the nature of the reasoning pro- inquiry' cess employed in the solution of questions of jurisprudence.

For as language, for the most part, is entirely metaphorical, founded upon a supposed resemblance between that of which we are speaking, and something to which a term has already been assigned; so, in a great degree, argument

]g Reduction to Writing

is analogous only, being founded upon a supposed analogy, or resemblance between the subject uppn which we qre debating, and some other subject, to which a course of reasoning has already been applied. Accordingly, as in the case of language, so in that of reasoning, error has been the necessary consequence of this mode of proceeding, wherever the supposed resemblance has been imaginary only:and it is mainly to this cause, that a system of jurisprudence has been hitherto supposed susceptible of no radical change, that shall exempt it from the common fate, more or less, of most of the other sciences—uncertainty and incompleteness.

If, therefore, we would reason correctly upon questions of jurisprudence, it is essential that we set out with distinct and accurate notions of the nature as well of that science^ as of every other science to which it may be supposed to bear any analogy, in order to determine, whether the modes of reasoning proper to the one apply to the other, and if inapplicable, that they may thenceforth and for ever be rejected, and the question tried by its own proper and peculiar tests of truth.

SECTION 1.

That the reasoning to be employed for solving .questions in Jurisprudence, is demonstrative reasoning. ‘

Reasoning do- Rbasonino is that process by which we are enabled to

lined, and its, , , " . .

different kinds deduce one truth from another, it is of two kinds, according to the nature of the primary truth, data, or premise, from which the secondary truth, consequence, or conclusion, is deduced. Where the primary truth isimfisof the Criminal Law. Ixi

putable, it is called demonstrative reasoning; where that truth is probable only, it is called probable reasoning.

Truths are indisputable, when their contraries cannot be conceived by the mind. Truths ere probable only, - when their contraries are conceivable. And according to the nature of the primary, will be that of the secondary truth; indisputable, where the primary truth is indisputable; probable, where the primary truth is probable only.

The sciences may be divided into, 1. The Mathematics: The telenets

(the subjects of

2. Physics; 3. Metaphysics; 4. Ethics; 5. Municipal reasoning)dis-Jurisprudence. Hie end of Mathematics is to investigate the^r^different the properties of number and of magnitude. That of de *

Physics, is to investigate the laws which nature has established for the regulation of matter. That of Meta* physics, is to investigate the laws which nature has established for the regulation of mind. That of Ethics, to investigate the laws which nature has established for the regulation of human actions. That of Municipal Jurisprudence, to investigate the laws which human authority has established for the regulation of human actions.

Now, reasonings in all these sciences have this in com* The kind of

reasoQing, ip *

mon, that, in all alike, we set out with certain data, or piicable to premises, which we assume as true, and thence infer certain ^ai science] results, which again are assumed as premises whence to in- a*cerllune<1’ fer other results; and so on, and so on, until the end sought is obtained. But in Mathematics and Jurisprudence only, are these premises or data indisputably true, so that to deny their truth is an absolute and manifest absurdity.

The media through which we obtain our data in Mathematics and Jurisprudence, are altogether different from

Reduction to Writing

those of the other sciences. In the other sciences, our data are obtained by induction—by first collecting, and then generalizing the facts collected5 and not pur primary data, or first principles only, at starting, but all our data in every stage of our reasoning. And as inductions can give us no unerring assurance of any truth, unless, which is impossible, we could be certain that they are entire— that every fact has been collected—that its relation to other facts has been exactly determined—and that nothing has been overlooked in drawing the general conclusion; our premises in these sciences are only probable, and such as these premises are, such must the nature of our conclusions necessarily be—always attended with some portion of uncertainty and hesitation. But in Mathematics and Jurisprudence, the data from which we reason are obtained by intuition, and cannot be otherwise than true. In Mathematics as all are agreed; and though hitherto little, if at all, observed, yet as equally so in Municipal Jurisprudence. For what are the data from which we reason in that science ? Why, the positive rules ordained by an authority, whose decrees cannot be questioned. And whence do we obtain a knowledge of these rules ? Why, by the mere inspection of the documents in which they are recorded and promulgated. Whether these rules or decrees are just or unjust, is a consideration altogether beside the present subject. They themselves are indisputable, and our conclusions, if properly drawn, will partake of the nature of the premises from which they are deduced, and be themselves indisputable likewise.

v^of the Criminal Law.

lxSi

SECTION 2.

That our Laws are susceptible of Certainty in a very high degree.

A law is certain, when no doubt can arise as to its meaning, and as to its application. Now, doubts as to its meaning must arise, from the imperfection of its language; and doubts as to its application must arise, from the imperfection of the reasoning process employed to establish, that this or that particular cose is, or is not, a subject for its application. If, therefore, it can be shown, that laws may be so expressed as to leave little or no doubt as to their meaning or signification; and that, if properly conducted, no error can creep into the reasoning process to be employed to establish, that this or that particular case is, or is not, a subject for their application; the proposition, that laws are susceptible of certainty in a very high degree, will have been demonstrated.

And that laws may be so expressed, as to leave little or no doubt as to their meaning or signification, will appeal from considering the causes to which imperfections in language are ascribable, and by showing that jurisprudence may be exempted from their influence. These causes, then, are two. 1. Men annex different ideas to the thing about which they are speaking. 2. Men annex different ideas to the words which.they employ in speaking of that thing. And the reason of their difference, as to the thing itself, is, that the way in which alone they acquire their knowledge of it, is experience and observation—in a word, by

Certainty in

jurisprudence

defined.

Laws may be so expressed as to leave little or no doubt as to their signification.

Reduction to Writing

lx iv

induction; a course always attended with some uncertainty, and which will lead this man to one conclusion, that to another. And the reason of their difference as to the words employed is, that there is no authority which can adjudge, that’such ideas, and none besides, shall be annexed to words. But the reverse of all this is the case with jurisprudence; since here is an authority—the legislature—that can define, with the utmost precision, the exact nature of the thing which is the subject of its provisions f and which can decree, that such and none besides shall be the meaning of the words which it employs.

Reasoning And so much for doubts as to the meaning of a law.

.upon laws may

be so conduct- Respecting those which arise touching its application,

no doubt m to from the imperfection of the reasoning process employed

ticm! *PPlica' to establish, that this or that particular case is, or is not, a subject for its application:we have seen already, that the reasoning to be employed for solving questions in jurisprudence is demonstrative reasoning, * and, consequently, if properly conducted, no error can creep into our reasonings upon questions of jurisprudence.

SECTION 3.

That our Laws are susceptible of Completeness in a very high degree.

Completeness A law is a rule prescribed for the government of future

in jurispwdeuce defined; cases or combinations of circumstances. And since it

and shown to be atiainubie almost mvaraably is meant to apply, not to a single mdigeneraTrules?^ vidual case, but to entire classes, a law, to be in any degree

• Supra, section I.

i

of the Criminal Law• bur

complete, must be expressed in the form of a general rule; to be in every degree complete, its terms must be such as to include no cases which ought to be excluded, and to omit no cases which ought to be included; and, therefore, to be complete in a very high degree, its terms must be such as to omit few cases, if any, which ought to be included, and to include few cases, if any, which ought to be omitted.

To this end, two essentials are requisite: 1. An ade- Circumstances

essential to the

quate experience of the past: 2. A reasonable assurance formation of that the future will resemble the past. For it is only from *eneril ruleB' experience of past cases, and upon the supposition that the future will resemble the past, that rules to regulate the future can be framed.

1. First, then, an adequate experience of the past is They must be

framed from

requisite. For general rules never can be laid down experience of accurately at first; experience only can point out their C*te* proper qualifications, limitations, exceptions, and relative bearings. This experience, however, we possess in the Reports of adjudged cases.

2. Secondly, rules to regulate the future must be those And uP?n tha

supposition

framed, not only from experience of past cases, but also that the future

will resemble

upon the supposition that the future will resemble the the past, past. By which is intended, not a resemblance or coincidence between past and future cases in all their individual circumstances, but only in that essential circumstance which renders them the subjects of the same common rule or principle. And experience has proved, that, to a very considerable extent, it can be predicted that this essential circumstance will be found in cases of future occurrence; since, in running over the periodical voj - i. e

Reduction to Writing

lxvi

reports of adjudged cases, we shall find, that there are comparatively few for the government of which a general rule might not have been extracted n. priori from cases already reported. To prove this fact by one or two examples, and, at the same time, to show the moltiplicity of litigation which a system of general rules, as opposed to particular decrees, would infallibly prevent, * let us descend to the consideration of individual cases.

In the twenty-sixth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, the Court of King's Bench, in Rex v. Newton, decided this particular case t—A fabrication, to fall within that provision of the fifth of Elizabeth which relates to deeds, must purport to be (that is, bear upon its face the appearance of being) under seal. And why? For this plain reason: the statute of Elizabeth has denounced the fabrication, not of any writing, but (inter Offc») of deeds only; now, to a deed certain legal forms are requisite $ amongst others, a seal; and as the writing. In the particular case then submitted for judgment, wanted h seal, it was not a deed, and, therefore, not within the statute. The general rule which the decision warrants, lies upon the surface, and is simply this. Where a statute denounces the fabrication, not of any writings whatever, but writings of this or that legal denomination only, it is necessary that the fabrication, to come within the statute, should wear upon its face all the legal requisites of genu• Litigation is carried to a greater extent in this country than in any other, whatever ita size. Excessive litigation is the greatest Curse that can be inflicted upon a nation. To devise, therefore, a means, by which, to an almost incredible degree, it shall be diminished, ia to confer the greatest benefit. This, it ia asserted, the course proposed will accomplish, and every inquiry ia challenged into the jaatneas of the aaaertion. And if, finally, the proposition shall be admitted to be just and feasible, surely it deserves to be tried.

of the Criminal Law. Uvii;

ineness: since, having no claim to the denomination unless it possess certain formalities, the writing, when it wants *

them, is not within its provisions. Had this simple rule been promulgated by the courts it would have saved the debating of the numerous cases that have followed it, and which, though different in their circumstances, are altogether in unison with its principle; the last of these, as yet reported, * is Pateman's case, in 1821. And, not only would it have done this; it would have prevented the uncertainty that now reigns upon the subject, in consequence of the dicta in the cases of Elliott, Hoost, and Collicott; insomuch, that, up to this day, we have no

a

fixed rule to go by.

Again, and upon a different subject. In the fifteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, the Court of King’s Bench, in Rex v. Deakins, decided this particular case.—To fabricate a protection, as from a Parliament man, in the name of one who is not a member, is a forgery. The general rule, which the decision warrants, here also lies upon the surface, and is simply thisA writing is a forgery, in spite of the non-existence of facts essential to its legal validity \ since the circumstance that it is a legal nullity, does not appear upon the face of it, and its operation, therefore, fcs an engine of fraud, (the only thing regarded,) is not by such legal invalidity prevented. Had this simple rule been promulgated by the court, it would have saved the debating of the numerous cases that have followed it, and which, though different in

• I remember one in the Newspapers, later than this; it happened at the Old Bailey, coram Holroyd J.; but whether the point was reserved, or the man acquitted, I do not tecollacn

e 2

lxvtii

Means of rendering our Criminal Jurisprudence certain.

and complete.

Reduction to Writing

their circumstances, are altogether in unison with its principle s the last of these, as yet reported, is Froud’s case, in 1819.

SECTION 4.

That our System of Criminal Jurisprudence is Uncertain and Incomplete.

That our system of Criminal Jurisprudence is neither certain nor complete appears from mere inspection; since thereby we find, that neither is the meaning of its terms ascertained, nor are its decrees general rules.

SECTION 5.

Of the means of giving to our Criminal Jurisprudence that degree of Certainty and Completeness of which it is susceptible.

It has been said already, that our system of Criminal Jurisprudence is uncertain, from the imperfection of its language. The remedy for this state of things is, to define the nature of the things which are the subjects of its provisions; and to decree that such, and none besides, shall be the meaning of the words which it employs.

It has been likewise said, that our system of Criminal Jurisprudence is incomplete, from the want of general rules. For our courts of justice, as well as our legislature, rarely promulgate general rules, but content themselves with particular decrees; or, in the common phrase, rarely travel out of the record. Now since no one case exactly .resembles another, and a$ no universal rule, applicable to

of the Criminal Law,

lxix

each variety of circutnstanc^has yet been declared; upon the occurrence of every new case, the question arises, — What will be the opinion of the court ? And as specious arguments can never be wanting upon either side of any question, with the exception of those of quantity and number $ and as no general, and therefore no clear, ideas reign upon the subject, the opinion of the court is more constantly demanded than it otherwise would be. The remedy for this state of things is, to substitute general rules for individual enactments and decisions, and by reducing those rules to writing, to give to them, what no court of justice could give, a binding authority.

Assuming that the principles themselves, upon which our system of Criminal Jurisprudence now proceeds, are right, and that it can be shown that they have not been adequately pursued, is it expedient that the deficiency should be supplied ?

In the first chapter, we selected two of the principles Question for upon which our system of Criminal Jurisprudence now proceeds; namely, —1. That laws should be as certain; ^7^"* 2. And as complete, as human intelligence can make them; and we then showed, that these principles had not toff-been adequately followed up. The question, therefore, to be discussed in the present chapter, is, whether it is’expedient that the deficiency should be supplied ? or, in other words, whether the law shall be reduced to writing ? In the examination of which we shall consider,

CHAPTER II.

lxx

Distribution of the subject.

The Works of. Justinian.

Reduction to Writing

1. The Codes hitherto adopted by foreign nations for reducing their laws to writing.

2. The difference between the Codes hitherto adopted by foreign nations, and that now recommended for the reduction of our criminal common law to writing.

3. The fallacy of the reasons hitherto advanced against thi reduction of our law to writing, as applied to the proposed Code.

4. The benefits which the Code now recommended will confer, and the evils which it will redress.

For, as the argument in favour of the Reduction of the Law to Writing, from what has appeared already, is a conclusive argument, it remains only to refute the reasons that have been advanced on the other side; and as these reasons are drawn from an experience of the codes bf foreign nations, it is necessary to ascertain the character and objects of those codes, and by showing that no parallel can be drawn between tfiem and that which is here recommended, refute the objections that may be applied to it.

SECTION 1.

Of the Codes hitherto adopted by Foreign Nations for reducing their Laws to Writing.

The Roman Laws, subsequently collected and methodized by Justinian, may be classed under three divisions, corresponding to the order of time, and the different

: tai

of the Criminal Law.

forms of government under which they arose; the Mo* narchy—the Republic—the Empire.

1. The laws of the Regal Government were collected by Sextus Papirius, and thence called Jus Papirianum.

2. The laws of the Republic consisted of—1.° The twelve tables; 2.° New laws; 3.° Senatorial decrees; 4.9 Plebiacita; 5.° Auctoritas prudentum, seu jus civile; 6.° Praetorian edicts; 7.° Jus Flavium; 8.° Jus jElianum.—

The Twelve Tables were a collection of laws framed partly from the then existing law, partly from the suggestions of reason and of circumstances f; 2.° New laws were those enacted subsequently to the twelve tables, by the senate and people jointly; 3.° Senatus consulta, or sena* The most ancient Code or Digest was styled Jut Papirianum, from the first eoo»-piler, Papirius, who flourished somewhat before at after the Rtgifvgium. (Pandect. 1. i. tit. 2.) The best judicial critics, even Bynkerahoek, (tom. i. p, 284, 285,) and Heineociua, (Hist. J. C. R. l.i. c. 16, 17, and Opp. tom. iii. sylloge iv. p. 1—8,) give credit to this tala of Pomponius, [De Origin Juris, Pand. 1. i. L 2, ] without sufficiently adverting to the value and rarity of auch a monument of the third oentury of the Ulitemt* city. 1 mueh auapeot, that the Caiua Papirius, the Ponlifer Maximus, who revived the laws of Noma, (Dionys. Hal. 1. iii. p. 171,) left only an oral tradition; and that the Jus Papirianum of Granins Flaeeos, (Pandect. 1.50, tit. xvi. leg. 144.) was not a commentary, but an original work compiled in the time of Ciesar. (Censorin. de die Natali, 1. iii. p. 13; Duker de Letinicate J. C. p. 157.) Gibbon.

t It is said (Plin.!. 34, cap. 5; Strabo, 1.14) that the laws of Greece were explained to the decemvirs by one Hermodorus of Ephesus, who happened to be at Rome; and that Heraclitus, the friend of Hermodorus, wrote him a congratulatory letter on the bare he had in drawing up the Roman Laws; adding, that in a dream he had seen all the nations of the earth bowing down before these laws, and worshipping them in the Persian manner.—Hook*.

The tenth table, de modo sepulture, was borrowed from Solon (Cicero de Legibus, if. 23—26); the furtum per lancem et licium conceptum, is derived by Heineccius from the manners of Athens (Antiquitat. Rom. tom. ii. \>. 167—175). The right of killing a nocturnal thief waa declared by Mosea, Solon, and the decemvirs. (Exodus xxii. 3; Demosthenes contra Timocratem, tom. i. p. 736, Edit. Reiske; Mac rob. Saturnalia]. 1. c. 4; Collatio legum Mosaicarttm et Romanftrum, tit. vii. No. 1, p. 218, edit. Canne* gieter.)—OUrbon.

Jxxii Reduction to Writing

tonal decrees, were laws made by the senate alone; 4.° And Plebiscita, by the people alone; 5. Auctoritas prudentum seu jus civile, consisted of the answers of learned men, upon questions of construction, that, from the veneration in which they were held, were acquiesced in, and came by consent to have the operation of laws; 6.° Praetorian edicts*5, strictly speaking, were in force Only for the year that the Praetor, who made them, held his office; though when of great and general utility, they continued beyond it +; 7° The Forms of the Roman law, as well of actions as of other transactions, were first made public by Flavius, and thence called the Flavian law; 8.° They were afterwards published in a more

* The Curule CEdiles also, upon certain occasions, published their edicts, which became a part of the jus honorarium.—lnst.1. l. tit. 2. s. 7.

t The silence or ambiguity of the laws was supplied by the occasional edicti of those magistrates who were invested with the hen >urs of the state. This ancient prerogative of the Roman kings was transferred, in their respective offices, to the consuls and dictators, the censors and prastors, and a similar right was assumed by the tribunes of the people, the ediles, and the proconsuls. At Rome, and in the provinces, the duties of the subject and the intention of the governor were proclaimed; and the civil jurisprudence was .reformed by the annual edicts of the supreme judge, the prastor of the city. As soon as he ascended his tribunal, he announced, by the voice of the crier, and afterwards inscribed on a white wall, the rules which he proposed to follow in the decision of doubtful cases, and the relief which his equity would afford from the precise rigour of ancient statutes. A principle of discretion more congenial to monarchy was introduced into the republic: the art of respecting the name, and eluding the efficacy, of the laws, was improved by successive praetors; Subtleties and fictions were invented, to defeat the plainest meaning of the decemvirs, and, where the end was salutary, the

means were frequently absurd - But the errors or vices of each praetor expired with

his annual office; such maxims alone as had been approved by reason and practice were copied by succeeding judges; the rule of proceeding was defined by the solution of new cases; and the temptations to injustice were removed by the Cornelian law, which compelled the praetor of the year to adhere to the letter and spirit of his first proclamation. It was reserved for the curiosity and learning of Hadrian, to accomplish the design which had been conceived by the genius of Caeaar; and the preetorship of Selvius Julian, an eminent lawyer, was immortalized by the composition of the Perpetual Edict. Thia well'digested code was ratified by the Emperor and the Senate; the long divorce of law and equity, was at length reconciled; and, instead of the twelve tables, the perpetual edict was fixed as the invariable standard of civil jurisprudence.—Gibbon.

of the Criminal Law* lxxiii

correct and complete shape by Sextus iElius, and thence denominated Jus AJlianum.

3. The laws of the Empire were, 1. Principum placita;

2. And Responsa prudentum.—1: Principum placita, or the Imperial Constitutions, were the decrees of the Emperors themselves.* 2.° Responsa prudentum, or the answers of the sages of the law upon questions submitted to them, came, as it seems, to have a binding authority from an ordinance of Valentinian the third, investing them with that sanction.

These were the sources whence the works of Justinian

a

were afterwards compiled. Prior to which, there had been other, though partial, collections. 1. The Codes, namely, of Gregorius and of Hermogenes (eminent lawyers) containing the Imperial Constitutions from Adrian to Dio-clesian. 2. The Code framed by direction of Theodosius

• From Augustus to Trajan, the modern Caesars were content to promulgate their edicts in the various characters of a Roman magistrate; and, in the decrees of the senate, the epistles and orations of the prince were respectfully inserted. Hadrian appears to hare been the first who assumed, without disguise, the plenitude of legislative power; and this innovation, to agreeable to his active mind, was countenanced by the patience of the times, and hia long absence from the seat of government. The same policy was embraced by succeeding monarebs, and, according to the harsh metaphor of Tertul-lian, " the gloomy and intricate forest of ancient laws was cleared away by the axe of the royal mandates and constitutionsDuring four centuries, from Hadrian to Justinian, the public sad private jurisprudence was moulded by the will of the sovereign; and few institutions, either human or divine, were permitted to stand on their former basis . Yet in the rescripts, replies to the consultations of the magistrates, the wisest of princes might be deceived by a partial exposition of the cose. And this abuse, which placed their hasty decisions on the some level with mature and deliberate acts of legislation, was ineffectually condemned by the sense and example of Trajan. The rescripts of the emperor, his grants and decrees, his edicts and pragmatic sanctions, were subscribed in purple ink, and transmitted to the provinces as general or special laws, which the magistrates were bound to execute, and the people to obey. But as their number continually multiplied, the rule of obedience became each day more doubtful and obscure, till the will of the sovereign was fixed and ascertained in the Gregorian, the Hermoge-man, and the Tbeodosi&n Codes.—Gibbon,

lxxiv Reduction to Writingthe second, * § containing the constitutions of the Christian Emperors to his own time.f .

The compilation of Justinian consists of three parts:—

1. The Institutes; 2. The Digest, or Pandects]:; 3. The Code, 1, The Institutes are a summary view of the Roman law; an elementary book, compiled for the use of students, as an introduction to the study of that law.

2. The Digest, or Pandects, are a methodical collection of all former laws and opinions, —3, The Code, of all former constitutions, —which it was deemed expedient to retain and adopt.§ 4. To which, after the death of Justinian,

* The president Henault, in his history, observes, —*The oode of laws compiled by order of Theodosius the younger, towards the year 435, and introduced by the Romans into France, Was lost towards the end of the second race! The Code published by Jua* tinian in 529, end to which wo had been entire strangers, was (bund [in point of (net, it never was lost] in Apulia, towards the year U37, and brought to France, where it is become our written law. The Benedictine fathers, in their literary history of France, pretend that this event happened at least a century later. Cujaa has sinoe restored the Theodosian Code; but at present it is used only for consulting.

t The two first, of which some fragments have escaped, were framed by two private 'lawyers, to preserve the constitutions of the Pagan Emperorsfrom Hadrian to Constantine. The third, which is still extant, was digested in sixteen books, by the order of the younger Theodosius, to consecrate the laws of the Christian princes from Constantine to his own reign. But the three codes obtained an equal authority inXhe tribunals; and any act which was not Included ifi the sacred deposit, might be regarded by the Judge as spurious or obsolete.

Cojacius assigned to Gregory the reigns from Hadrian to G&llienus, and the continuation to his fellow-labourer, Hermogenes. This general division may be just; hut they often trespassed on each other's ground.—Gibbon.

X noWtorrcu, (general receivers,) was a common title of the Greek Miscellanies,

SPlin. Prefat, ad Hist. Nat.) The Digesta of Scsevola, Marcellinus, Cels us, were already amiliar to the civilians: but Justinian was in the wrong, when he used the two appellations os synonymous.—Gibbon.

§ In the first year of his reign, Justinian directed the faithful Tribonian, and nine learned associates, to revise the ordinances of his predecessors, as they were contained, since the time of Hadrian, in the Gregorian, Hermogenian, and Theodosian codes; to purge the errors and contradictions, to retrench whatever wag obsolete or superfluous, and to select the wise and salutary laws best adapted to the practice of the tribunals, and the use of his subjects. The work was accomplished in fourteen months; and die twelve books, or tables, which the new decemvirs produced, might be designed to imihartr

of the Criminal Laid.

were added the Novels, or new constitutions, with the Edicts made during his reign.

tote the labours of their Roman predecessors. The new Cods of Justinian was honoured with his name, and confirmed by his royal signature i authentic transcripts were, multiplied by the pens of notaries and scribes; they were transmitted to the magic *, trstes of the European, the Asiatic, and afterwards the African provinces; and the law of the empire was proclaimed, on solemn festivals, at the doors of churches. A more, arduous operation was still behind—to extract the spirit of jurisprudence from the decisions and conjectures, the questions and disputes, of the Roman civilians. Seventeen lawyers, with Tribonian at their head, were appointed by the emperor to exercise an absolute jurisdiction over the works of their predecessors. If they had obeyed his command in ten years, Justinian would have been satisfied with their diligence; and the rapid composition of the Diosst, or Pan users, in three years, will deserve praise or censure, according to the merit of the execution. From the library of Tribonian they chose forty, the most eminent civilians of former times: two thousand treatises were comprised in an abridgment of fifty books; and it haa been oarefully recorded, that three millions of lines, or sentences, were reduced, in this abstract, to the moderate somber of one hundred and fifty thousand. The edition of this great work was delayed a month after that of the Institutes; and it seemed reasonable that the elements should precede the digest of the Roman low. As soon as the emperor had approved their labours, he ratified, *by his legislative power, the speculations of these private citizens: their Commentaries on the twelve tables, the perpetual edict, the laws of the people, end the decrees of the senate, tuemded t* the authority of 4h$ tut; and* the text was abandoned aa an useless, though venerable, relic of antiquity. The Cods, the Psmtes, and the Institute^ were deelared to be the legitimate system of civil jurisptvh ilence; they alone were admitted in the tribunals, and they alone were taught in the academies of Rome, Constantinople, and Berytus. Justinian addressed to the senate and provinces his eternal oreclm, and his pride, under the mask of piety, ascribed the consummation of this great design to the support and inspiration of the Deity.

Since the emperor declined the fame and envy of original composition, we can only require at his hands method, choice, and fidelity—the humble, though indispon *

(sable, virtues of a compiler. Among the various combinations of ideas, it is difficult to assign any reasonable preference; but as the order of Justinian is different in his three works, it is possible that all may be wrong; end it is certain that two cannot be right. In the selection of ancient laws, he seems to have viewed his predecessors without jealousy, and with equal regard: the aeries could not ascend above the reign of Ha* dxian, and the narrow distinction of Paganism and Christianity, introduced by the superstition of Theodosius, had been abolished by the consent of mankind. But the jurisprudence of the Pandects is circumscribed within a period of a hundred yews, —* from the perpetual edict to the death of Severn* Alexander; the civilians, who lived under the first Csesars, are seldom permitted to speak, and only three names con be attributed to the age of the republic. The favourite of Justinian (it has been fiercely urged) was fearful of encountering the light of freedom, and the gravity of Roman sages. Tribonian condemned to oblivion the genuine and native wisdom of Cato, the Scaevolas, and Sulpieius; while he invoked spirits more congenial to his own—the Syrians, Greeks, and Africans, who flocked to the imperial court to study Latin, as a

lxxvi Reduction to Writing

The Code Na- Various nations, in modern times, Prussia, for example, Fuatratfon^of ill France, Bavaria, and the Netherlands, taking the works modern Codes. Justjn; an^ more or less, for their model, have reduced

foreign tongue, and jurisprudence, as a lucrative profession. But the ministers of Justinian were instructed to labour, not for the curiosity of antiquarians, but for the immediate benefit of his subjects. It was their duty to select the useful and practical parts of the Homan law; and the writings of the old republicans, however curious or excellent, were no longer suited to the new system of manners, religion, and government. Perhaps, if the preceptors and friends of Cicero were still alive, our candour would acknowledge, that, except in purity of language, their intrinsic merit was excelled by the school of Papinian and Ulpian. The science of the laws is the sole gTowth of time and experience; and the advantage both of method and materials, is naturally assumed by the most recent authors. The civilians of the reign of the Antonines had studied the works of their predecessors; their philosophic spirit had mitigated the rigour of antiquity, simplified the forms of proceeding, and emerged from the jealousy and prejudice of the rival sects. The choice of the authorities that compose the Pandects, depended on the judgment of Tribonian; but the power of his sovereign could not absolve him from the sacred obligations of truth and fidelity. As the legislator of the empire, Justinian might repeal the acts of the Antonines, or condemn, as seditious, the free principles which were maintained by the last of the Roman lawyers. But the existence of past facts is placed beyond the reach of despotism; and the emperor was guilty of fraud and forgery, when he corrupted Ike integrity of their text, inscribed with their venerable names the words and ideas of his servile reign, and suppressed, by the hand of power, the pure and authentic copies of their sentiments. The changes and interpolations of Tribonian and his colleagues, are excused by the pretence of uniformity; but their cares had been insufficient, and the antinomes, or contradictions, of the Code and Pandects, still exercise the patience and subtlety of modern civilians.

A rumour, devoid of evidence, has been propagated by the enemies of Justinian, — that the jurisprudence of ancient Rome was reduced to ashes by the author of the Pandects* from the vain persuasion, that it was now either false or superfluous. Without usurping an office so invidious, the emperor might safely commit to ignorance and time, the accomplishment of this destructive wish. Before the invention of printing and paper, the labour end the materials of writing could be purchased only by the rich; and it may reasonably be computed, that the price of books was a hundredfold their present value. Copies Were slowly multiplied, and cautiously renewed:the hope of profit tempted the sacrilegious scribes to erase the characters of antiquity, and Sophocles or Tacitus were obliged to resign the parchment to missals, homilies, and the golden legend. If such was the fate of the most beautiful compositions of genius, what stability could be expected for thie dull and barren works of on obsolete science ? The books of jurisprudence were interesting to few, and entertaining to none; their value was connected with present use, and they sunk for ever, as soon os that use was superseded by the innovations of fashion, superior merit, or public authority. In the age of peace and learning, between Cicero and the last of the Antonines, many losses had been already sustained, and some luminaries of the school, or forum, were known only to the carious by tradition and report. Three hundred and sixty years of disorder and decay accelerated the progress of oblivion; and it may fairly he presumed *, that of the

lxxvii

o/ihe Criminal Law.

their municipal jurisprudence, wholly or in part, to a Code. But since, for present purposes, the plan of each may be regarded as essentially the same, it will be sufficient to confine our attention to the Code Napoleon.

writings which Justinian is accused of neglecting, many were no longer to be found in the libraries of the East. The copies of Papinian, or Ulpian, which the reformer had prescribed, were deemed unworthy of future notice; the twelve tables, and praetorian edict, insensibly vanished; and the monuments of ancient Home were neglected or destroyed by the envy and ignorance of the Greeks. Even the Pandects themselves have escaped with difficulty and danger from the common shipwreck; and criticism has pronounced, that all the editions and manuscripts of the West, are derived from one original. It was transcribed at Constantinople in the beginning of the 7th century, was successively transported, by the accidents of war and commerce, to Amalphi, Pisa, and Florence, and is now deposited, os a sacred relic, in the ancient palace of the republic.

It is the first care of a reformer to prevent any future reformation. To maintain the text of the Pandects, the Institutes, and the Code, the use of cyphers and abbreviations was rigorously proscribed; and as Justinian recollected that the perpetual edict had been buried under the weight of commentators, he denounced the punishment of forgery against the rash civilians who should presume to interpret or pervert the will of their sovereign. The scholars of Accursius, of Bartolus, of Cujacius, should blush for their accumulated guilt, unless they dare to dispute his right of binding the authority of his successors, and the native freedom of the mind. But the emperor was unable to fix his own inconstancy; and, while he boasted of renewing the exchange of Diomede, of transmuting brass into gold, he discovered the necessity of purifying his gold' from the mixture of baser alloy. Six years had not elapsed, from the publication of the Code, before he condemned the imperfect attempt, by a new and more accurate edition of the same work, which he enriched with 200 of his own laws, and 50 decisions of the darkest and most intricate points of jurisprudence. Every year, or, according to Procopius, each day, of his long reign, was marked by some legal innovation. Many of his acts were rescinded by himself; many were rejected by his successors; many have been obliterated by time; but the number of 16 Edicts, and 168 NoctU, has been admitted into the authentic body of the civil jurisprudence.—Gibbon.

• This celebrated code was not the sole production of the authorities of the empire, but was the result of alterations prescribed by the National Assembly. This body, in 1791, ordered a code of civil laws to be drawn up, which should be common to the whole kingdom. The Convention continued the project; and Cambaceres, the late •rcbebancellor of France, had the courage to undertake the task. The constitution of the year 3, restoring a degree of calm to the distracted state, Cambaceres bad the courage to present a project, on the 24th Prairial, year 4; but on the ballot Tor renewing a part of the Council of Five Hundred, the lot to retire having fallen upon him among others, this plan fell to the ground, and the newly-projected legislation lay dor* mant for three years. The time, - however, was now approaching when his labours and perseverance were to be crowned with success. On the J8tb, Brumaire, the extraordinary man, who was afterwards called to the empire, took the helm of France, and the

lxxm

Reduction to Writing

The different end* which a written Code may have for ita objects.

A written Code'may, amongst others, have, for its object, one of two things (and, of course, both).—-1. Its object may be, to create a new body of law. 2. Its object

may be, to give to the existing law a different form, with

the view, chiefly, of making it more certain and complete.

That the Code Now the object of the Code Napoleon is the first and for^iu°obj«ct the first only. The different provinces of France had ends only!11*6 hitherto been governed by different laws; and to obviate the inconveniences resulting from this state of things, was the intention of the Code.* Considered in this relanew code of jurisprudence was instantly resumed. Tronchet, Bigot, Preameneu, Male vi lie, and Portalie, were commissioned to draw up a plan, and discuss the basis, of

* a civil legislation, following, at the same time, the order of the different projects presented by Cambaoeres, for the purpose of its being laid before the nation. The commission was appointed on the 24th Thermidor, year 8; and on the 26th Ventose, year 9, the plan was printed.

Befoce offering it for discussion to the Council of State, it was submitted to the whole empire, through the medium of the press; and, by this means, the general and individual observations of France were collected upon every head. The Council of Cassation was also particularly consulted. Sufficient time having been allowed for this purpose, the plans of the Council of State were first discussed in its various sections, the Section of Legislation sitting upon the civil code.

From this body it passed to the Tribunate: here it was soon found impossible to get through it, if each article were the subject of general debate; the Tribunate therefore divided itself, like the Council of State, into sections or committees; and, if objections occurred to any part as it came before them, a conference was had, before either Cambcceres himself, or the Consul de Bruo, between the teetion of the Tribunate and the section of the Council of State, to which this branch of legislation had been committed. Having been approved by both these bodies, it was referred to the Legislative in titles, each decreed separately, and afterwards separately promulgated* Supplementary articles might be added, but no essential alteration was to take pleoe until it had been ten years tried; the advantages, the disadvantages, and the national opinions concerning it, would then, it was thought, he known; in the mean time, the Tribunal of Cassation rectified any material errors and wanderings of the inferior tribunals.— London Encyclopedia•

Upon Napoleon’s elevation to the throne, one of hi* first acts was to change the name of the Code Civil de Franfais, for that of the Code Napoleon.

* Clovis, en apparence, rassasi6 de conqufitee, mais sur de cellea qu’il avail faites, so tend, en 609, a Paris, ou, dans one Assemble G6n6rale, il annoys le dessein da

Ijnrix

of the Criotmai

tion, or point of view, it will send down its master's name to the latest posterity, identified with the jurisprudence of

poser lea inns et de ae limr tout entiar tux travaux n6oaasairas pour former un code do loU uniformes; mais ce li’dtait Id qu'un pilge pour mieux tromper lea roia dont il* projeUit la chute, et le code promia ne fut point donn£. Dans dea tempa plus mod ernes, Charles VII. renouvela le m(!me projet, et c'est a cette idle qu* on a dft la redaction dea coutumea. Une ordonnance de ce prince rendue en 1453, et datle de Mon til-lea-Tojirs, porte, article 123—" Que toutes lea coutumea (qui avant ne conaiataient quo dana la mlmoire dea peoples) seimieet ficiites et accorddee par tea praticiens de cheque pays, puia examinees et autorisles par le grand oonaeil et par le parlement." Dumou-lin assure que ce n’ltait la qu’un travail prlparatoire, et que l’intention du roi, en ixant et en rlnnlssant lea diveraea coutumee, Itait de parrenir a lea fondre ensuite ensemble pour n’en former qu’une loi unique et gfinfirale. Plulippe de Comminea suppose le mime deasein a Louis XI., lequel dlsirait fort, auivant cet biatorien, qu en ce toynume on uaftt d*une coutume, d’un poida, d’un meanre, et que toutes lea coutumea foment misea en im^aia dans un beau tivri. Suivant le president de Thou, le chance-lier Loapital a’ltait lui-mlme occup! de mettre tout le droit dana un ordre naturel et mlthodique, et ce magiatrat dllbre en fit hri-mtme l’aveu dana Son testament, Le tempa nous a enlev! ce fruit prleieux de aea meditations; il ne nous eat rest! que cea belles ordonnancea par leaquellea il op6ra la rlfbrme de la legislation fran^aiae, et dont cellea de Louia XIV. ne aont que dea copies ou dea extraits. Sous Henri 111, le president Brisson reprit, sans Vexlcutef, le deasein de faire nn corps unique de droits Enfin, le president Lamoignon, aprls de longues et de savantea discussions avec lea hommea lea plus doctes et lea phis sages, redigea sea arrltla. 11 meditait, dit le ohau* celier d'Aguesseau, premier volume, page 396, le vaate et difficile projet de rlduire toutes lea cotttumes & une seule loi glnlrale. Elies diff&raient tellement entre ©lies, que le mime chancelier regardait comma in executable le projet form! par Bouijon d’y trouver un droit commun. Beaucoup de ceux qui ont hi Bouxjon soat de cet avia, L’incommensufable direr sit I de lois et de decisions qui gouvernaient la France avant la revolution, avait inspir! a toua lea bona esprita la pen ale de lea simplifier, et aourtout de lea rendre uniformes. La France ae partageait olors en deux systemes glnlraux, celui dea pays c outturn era et celui dea pays de droit 6crit. Chacon de>es systemes ae subdivisait en nne infinite de branches; il y avait plus de oent quatre-rmgt coutumea glnlralea, dont le resaort Itait plus ou moina Itendu, et qui ae tronvaient modifies par un'grand nombre de coutumea locales. Plus de troia mills auteurs lea avaient oom-tnentlea *. la seule coutume de Paris avail vingt-aix commentaires, et lean sutenrs Itaient rarement du mfctne avis sur les plus importantes questions. Le droit dent variuit aussi suivant les Heux: la jurisprudenca dea pexiemena et lea usages locaux avaient divorcement modifi! le droit remain, dantle droit lent Itait tit4. On n'a pas oublifi Flnorme difference qui exist ait entre le droit ItaMi dana le reseort du parlement de Toulouse et le droit adopt! par le parlement de Paris, dana les provinces du Lyonnais, du Forex, du Beaujolais, du M&connais: celui-ci ee rapprochaic, sur beaucoup de points, du system© coutumier; l’autre e'en IMignait pour ae rapprooher du droit romain. Indfipendamment dea coutumea et du droit Icrit ou remain consider! comma droit local, la France Itait encore rlgie par d’autres lois. D'abord le droit romain avait partout, sur certaines matieres, cede des contents, par exemple, ainon force de loi, de

lxxx Reduction to Writing

his country. But, viewed in the other relation—as an attempt, likewise, to render the law which it imposes certain and complete, it is the most imperfect production that the world ever saw. This will appear at once, by attending to the mode in which the Code Napoleon has been framed.

It has been explained already, that laws are certain, when they define the exact nature of the thinge which are the subjects of their provisions; and when .they decree, that such, and none besides, shall be the meaning of the toords which they employ. And that laws are complete.

mtniere qu’un arret qui y serait contrevenu aurait 6tait ciss£, dn moms l’autorite de la raison Norite. Sons ce rapport il etiit la regie de tous lea tribunaux, et remplissait lea lactmes de notre legislation formelle, qui s’etait peu occuple des conventions, de leurs accessoires et de leurs suites. Ensuite, venaient les lois da prince, e’est-a-dire, les ordonnonces, les edits, les declarations. Loin d’6tablir nn syst£me com pie t de legislation civile, quelques-unes, teUes que les ordonnances de Blois, de Moulins, se com-posaient de dispositions incohlrentes qui ne pr&entaient que quelques regies d6tacb6es snr une infinite de matieres; d’autres, telles que l’ordonnance des testamens, des donations, etc., ne se rSpportaient il est vrai qu’a une seule matiere, et etaient disposes snr un plan tres-r£gulier; mais eUes n’6puisaient pas leur sujet; elles se bornaient, ou prescire des formalins, on a lever des doutes. Du reste, elles n’embrassaieut pas leur matiere en entier, ii’en posaient pas les bases, ne la suivaient pas dans sea d£vel-loppemens. Sur toutes ces ohoses elles se rlflraient aux principes 6tab!is par 1? droit 6crit ou par les coutumes, et se bornaient a organiser leB usages refus. Ainsi, les lois du prince faisaient partie de la legislation, sans neanmoins la constituer. Les psrle-mens, pronon^ant par voie de dispositions g6n6rales et r6giementaires, avaient aussi, sur des points tres-importuns, rempli les vides de la legislation, et cr£e des principes chacun pour son ressort. Les diverses cod trees, successivement iucorporees a la France, svaient apport6 avec eUes leur usages et leur lois. Elles tenaient k ces institutions comma a des privileges; la faculte de les conserver leur psraissait un droit, quelquefois m£me la condition de leur reunion, et quelques-unes pouvaient appuyer cette pretention par des traites *, leurs patlemens regardaient comme un prerogative et comme un devoir de Tepousser jusqu’ a l’apparence de l’innovation. On se rappelle que l'ordonusuce de 1667 ne ftit pas reyue en Lorraine, et qu’ on y suivait enoore, svant le Code destruction civile, la procedure eiablie parun des anciens souverains de cette province. On se souvient aussi que, sous Tassemblee coustituante, le parle-mente de Rennes et celui de llouen vinrent redomer centre les decrets qui modifiaient les usages de la Bretagne et de la Normandie.—Paiilict.

And see Uie Pteface to the Fa ins rician Code, sections 17—J7.

lxxxi

of the Criminal Law.

when their terms are such as to include no cases which ought to be excluded, and to omit no cases which ought to be included; to which end they must be general rules, so framed as to point out that essential circumstance which forms the link of union between particular cases. A perusal of any portion of the Code Napoleon will show, that it does neither the one nor the other. And, therefore, in the terms already employed—viewed as an attempt to render the law, which it imposes, certain and complete, it is the most imperfect production that the world ever saw.

SECTION 2;

Of the difference between the Codes hitherto adopted by Foreign Nations, and that now recommended for the Reduction of our Criminal Common Law to Writing.

It has appeared already, that a written Code may have for its object one of two things. 1. To substitute a different law for that which governed before. 2. To retain the existing law, and merely bring it the nearer to perfection. It has appeared, likewise, that the first is the object of the Codes which have hitherto been adopted by foreign nations, and that the second is the sole object of that in contemplation. It follows, therefore, that the Codes hitherto adopted by foreign nations, and that now recommended for the reduction of our criminal common law to writing, are altogether dissimilar.

That the proposition for reducing our criminal common law to writing has for its object a different end to that of the Code Napoleon, and is therefore altogether dissimilar.

VOL. I.


Reduction to Writing

lxxxii

General objection to any alteration.

SECTION 3.

Of the fallacy of the Reasons hitherto advanced against the Reduction of our Law to Writing, as applied to the proposed Code.

The reasons hitherto advanced against the reduction of the law to writing, are three; one general, two specific.

1. Since laws, both civil and criminal, are means prescribed for the attainment of certain ends, it follows that every law is divisible into-vl*0 The end sought to be attained 5 2.° The means prescribed for attaining that end; of which the first may be called the matter of the law, the second its form.

It follows, further, that every change or alteration of a law, may consist in the substitution, in whole or in part, of some other end, or of some other means, for those which obtained before; or, in other words, the alteration may be either in the matter or in the form *

The prejudice which exists against any alteration in the jurisprudence of this country, is a general indiscriminating prejudice, applicable as well to the form as to the substance of our laws; and the foundation upon which it rests is, that it is impossible to foresee what will be the effects of change, and therefore to know that the benefit which it confers will outweigh the inconveniences which it may produce.

This prejudice is extremely salutary in its effects, so far

lxxxiii

of the Criminal Law.

as respects the substance, or material parts of our jurisprudence:they have given birth to a variety of relations, all of which would be more or less affected by any alteration of the parent system: " for institutions exercise on each other a very important influence without intending, and almost without knowing that they do so." But so far as respects the Forms of our laws, it is a prejudice, et pneterea nihil. The argument against disturbing existing relations, can have no application to the measure proposed, since the alteration here is purely Formal, merely substituting one mode of promulgating laws for another. And nothing, therefore, can be more unphilo-sophical than to confound the two, by applying indiscriminately that principle which is applicable only to the substance of jurisprudence.!

* Omnes artes qu ad humanitatem pertinent, liabent quoddam commune vinculum St quasi cognations qu&dam inter se continents. Cic. pro Arch. Poet.; Id. de Orat. 1.8, f Notwithstanding, however, the plainness of this distinction, it seems to have bean entirely overlooked. In the controversy to which Mr. Humphrey’s able work on real property gave rise, the arguments of his opponents take for granted, that, Where laws are rednced to writing, a different law is necessarily substituted for that which governed before, and thettee argue (and very logically) that as alterations in the institutions of a country should be made with great caution, and with a very sparing hand, and ae a redaction of our common law to writing would be a substitution of other and different laws for those which governed before, therefore it cannot be endured. " In regard, " says his most distinguished opponent, " to the proposed Code generally, I most avow myself decidedly opposed to all Codes. The laws owe much to the reverence which their antiquity inspires; and where, as in our case, they have, in a succession of ages, been adapted to the free institutions of the country, it were rash, as the Code proposes, to abolish them all by one declaration, and establish anew law." The objection may or may sot be perfectly just, when applied to the particular Code which Mr. Sugden is examining, but is altogether inapplicable to that which it is our present purpose to recommend; since, so far from proposing " to abolish all the free institutions of the country by. one declaration, and establish a new law, " its first and great principle is to retain the existing law, and merely bring it the nearer to perfection.

And not only does the Code now recommended differ in substance from that of Mr. Humphreys, in that whilst the latter substitutes other laws in lieu of those by which we have hitherto been governed, the former retains the present system of jurisprudence, and merely -renders it, upon its own principles, more certain and complete; it differs from it in its farm. The title of Mr. Humphrey’s book is, " Observations on tire Actual

/2

lxxxiv

Reduction to Writing

he 2. The first argument specifically advanced against the

from the ex- codification or reduction of our laws to writing, may be

State of the English Laws of Real Property, with the outlines of a Code." The Code Napoleon is the model which that gentleman has fixed upon for the one he proposes; whilst for the Code now recommended, that model, for the reasons hereafter given, has been rejected. I am not making these remarks in the spirit of criticism; the display of which would be as uncalled for as it would, on my part, be indecorous: but when others, in directing their batteries against this gentleman's system, seek to involve me in the name common fire, the necessity of separating the two systems, and showing that mine must be tried upon its own peculiar grounds, becomes indispensable.

But though it is neither necessary, nor my inclination, to enter into the abovementioned controversy, 1 may be allowed to make a remark or two upon the following passage in Mr. Sugden's letter. " The reply dwells with great satisfaction on Mr. Hammond’s statement, that Owing to the quantity of materials to which our unwritten system has given birth, we are, beyond any other nation, in possession of means for framing a written Code. General rules never can be laid down accurately at first. Experience only can point out their proper qualifications, limitations, exceptions, and relative bearings. This experience we possess in the volomes of judicial controversies to which the unwritten system has given birth.' But you can hardly be aware of Mr. Hammond's sentiments on this subject. If I mistake not, you and that gentleman would differ toto ecdo in the proposed work. You would form a new tytlem, depending upon general rules, which, although they can never be laid down accurately at first, ' you would comprise in some fifty pages of letter-press, whilst he would, in many a folio volume, digest the old system, and from it extract his rules. The nature of the task, as Mr. Hammond would exeoate it, may at once be collected from the digest already published of the criminal law, which, of course, he would not rank higher than any other treatise on the same subject written by any other intelligent lawyer. But the criminal law may, for obvious reasons, be safely remodelled by Parliament, whenever it may be thought expedient to take that step."

Now, upon the observation—" The nature of the task, as Mr* Hammond would execute it, may at once be collected from the-digest already published of the criminal law* which, of courae, he would not rank higher than any other treatise on the same subject written by mj other intelligent lawyer:"—after expressing my serious doubts that any attch information can be so collected, and the propriety of which doubts will appear when the occasion offers far entering into the details of the measure, I beg to observe, that the comparison cannot be instituted, for there is no work Of the same description extant in the profession. The perfection of science lies in referring particular facta to general principles, and these again to principles of a still more general nature. A digest, therefore, to be perfect, should consist of conclusions of the most general nature, drawn from wide observations of particular coses. And this course, beyond doubt, every considerable writer would be willing to follow, were he at liberty to pursue the bent of his natural genius end inclination. But it unfortunately happens, to the iufiuite prejudice of legal works, that the writer designs, not so much what die dignity of liia subject requires of him, or the general taste of those he would most wish for his judges approves, as whot the practitioner demands. For legal works are written to be read by lawyers; now, the practice of the law is conversant about particular facts, which, again.

Clxxxv

of the Criminal Law.

stated thus: The end which the Code proposes to attain perience of ., , , . _, . ., other Codes,

is, that by reducing the law to writing you reduce it to a

certainty and completeness, and thereby cut off in many cases, and diminish in all, the sources of litigation. But experience has fully established, that so far from diminishing litigation, a written Code is emphatically the parent of uncertainty and doubt. The controversies, commentaries, and discussions, to which the Code Napoleon has given birth, already form a considerable library.

But it haVing been shown that between the Code Napoleon, and that which it is proposed to establish, there is no sort of analogy, the argument falls to the ground. The Code Napoleon has been a plentiful source of litigation, 1. From its not having so framed its general rules as to include no cases which ought to be excluded, and to omit no cases which ought to be included; 2. And from not having defined the meaning of its terms. That in

are regulated, not by an abstract rule of right, but by the positive authority of decided cases, or the more positive authority of Acts of Parliament; and the consequence is, that no men are less addicted, and have leas taste for generalisation, than practising lawyers. Hence a writer, to be successful, is compelled to avoid abstraction and generalisation. Moreover, to a practitioner, it is immaterial to know by what steps the system attained its present form. Historical disquisitions, therefore, in legal writings, are regarded as impertinent intruders. And equally unimportant to him is it to be certified whether that system be right or wrong; since, however erroneous, stare decisis is the maxim. Critical dissertations, therefore, are regarded in a similar light. For these reasons it has come to pass, that there is nothing extant which fully and sufficiently makes us acquainted with the principles of that system we are about to reform; and to supply this deficiency, and as a branch of the proposition for reducing the law to writing, the digest, to which allusion was made, baa been, with infinite pains, prepared.

As to estimating myself the merits of my own performance, I, of course, should be the last person so to do, or even to adduce any testimonies'of others of which I may happen to be in possession. But should any gentleman think it worth his while to examine its merits, he will, of course, deem it a sins qua non to make himself thoroughly moster of the ffiode in which it is proposed to reduce the law to writing *, (a task perhaps impossible, until the details are exhibited, and those principles ascertained upon which the general rules have been constructed,) and then view my performance as a mean to that end.

lxxxvi

Of the objection that a reduction of the law to writing will place it in an unsettled state.

Reduction to Writing

contemplation, 1. Promulgates the law in the shape of general rules, so framed as to accomplish those objects; 2. And, by defining the meaning of those rules, interprets them.

3. Should it be objected, that, by reducing the law to writing, you place it in an unsettled state; —the objection can apply to those Codes only which substitute a new law for that which governed before. Laws are in an unsettled state, when it is not settled, 1. What the meaning of their language is; 2. To what cases they apply. And a system, therefore, which, like that in contemplation, avails itself of those assistances that daily observation and experience afford, to render laws more certain and complete, so far from unsettling those laws, emphatically does the reverse.

SECTION 4.

Of the Benefits which the Code now recommended will confer, and the Evils which it will redress.

Thb nature of these has been sufficiently explained already.

SECTION 5.

Concluding Observations.

Such, then, are the general outlines of the Plan for the Reduction to Writing of the Criminal Law of England. A measure which, however important in itself, as unquestionably it is, is chiefly to be prized as the parent of the Codification of our Civil Jurisprudence. For every thing advanced in favour of the one, has an equal application

of the Criminal Law.

lxxxvii

to the other; and, as the great guide and director of our daily concerns, the path which the civil law is destined to point out, should be rendered as lucid and unavoidable as human intelligence can make it* And though no system of jurisprudence will ever reach a state entirely perfect, yet the experience, observation, and reflexion of every succeeding year, will advance it the nearer to that point. It may be a sufficient incitement to human endeavours, that the system now recommended, if its principles are admitted to be just, will, in its very outset, far surpass any that has ever yet been established in society j without pretending to bestow upon any work of man that perfection which Nature seems to have refused to her own productions.

r

<• *

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE

NJ. These Marks 9as follows,

vis.

* That the Title only is Inserted.

9 That Part only of the Act Is inserted, t That an Abstract only is inserted.

Yw.

Cap.or No.

Vol. Pag*.

1 190

iv 285

iil 1

vi 880

vi 869

ii 848

vi 825

vii 166

viii 806

iv 118

vi 856

iv 89

i 817

vii 217

i 191

1 191

iv 188

i 877

i 168

m 86

vii 817

iv 188

iv 188

i 469

i 470

vi 820

iv 150-151

iv 188

iv 188

lv 188

DL HENRY 3.

XX.

LI.

Lit.

MAGNA CHARTA

cap. 7 Widow’s Quarantine -

8 King’s Debts -

11 Common Pleas -

18 Amerciaments* -

17 Trials -

18 King’s Debt—Executor -

21 Crim, Proe -

88 Weirs -

25 Measures -

29 Personal Liberty, Ac -

84 Appeal of Death -

85 County Court -

86 Mortmain -

CHAR.DE FORESTA* -

MERTON cap. 1

2 8 4

9 10 11

St. 5 St. 8 cap. 8

4

5

6

MAR LEI cap. 1

Dower -

Widows nay bequeath Crops

Redisselsin* -

Approvement of Commons

Bastard -

Attornies - -

Trespass in Parks -

DE SCACCARIO -

Real Actions -

Real Actions -

Distress -

Land Revenue -

Crim. Proc.

BERGE

p.n

i

7

8

13

Distress

Real Actions *

Do.* -

Quare Impedit

tol. x.

xc

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE.

Year. Cap or Nc >. Subject Vol. Page.

Ul. HENRY 9. jciipi Iff Distress 1 472

17 Guardian in Socage - i 191

19 False Judgment - iii 341

SI Replevin iw 151

as Arrests . iii 77

25 Homicide y 195

26 Real Actions . iv 134

29 iy 134

III. EDWARD l .FIRST WESTMINST.

cap. 4 Wreck i 472

0 Pursuit of Felons vi 236

12 Peine forte et dare yi 269

14 Appeal vi 256

15 Bail vi 250

16 Distress iy 152

17 Same iy 152

19 King’s Debts iv 227

90 Trespass in Parks f vii 217

24 Disseisin iv 134

25 Buying of Titles ii 334

26 Extortion vi 225

27 Same vi 225

28 Maintenance vi 222

ss Maintenance vi 223

S4 Slanderous News vi 201

S4 False News vi 201

38 Attaint iii 246

40 Warranty iv 134

41 Writ of Right iv 134

42 Essoin if 134

43 Same iv 134

Same - iv 134

46 Courts iii 2

47 Disseisin iv 134

48 Real Actions iv 135

49 Dower iv 135

51 Real Actions iv 135

[V STAT.2.

cap. 5 DE BIGAMIS vi 287 b

STAT.

n cap. 6 Feoffment-Warranty - i 102

STAT. OF GLOUCESTER

cip. 1 Costs iii 203

2 Juries iii 246

3 Warranty i 192

4 Real Actions iv 135

5 Waste i 193

6 Real Actions iv 135

7 Writ of Dower iv 135

8 Courts iii 2

9 Homicide V 197

10)

nc 12C Real Actions* iv 136

rii 13) St. 1 Riots »tt»' v 218

St. 2 Mortmain 317

x nan. 4, Real Arf inns iv 136

It. of RUTLAND.

King's Debts iv 228

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE.

tel

Tar. C*p»or No.| 8 object. Vel. Pin.

XL EDWARD 1. ACTON BURNELL. 1 Statute*. See ill 806

XII. STAT. V fAT.T.IE W 1

XIII srm VP.6TMTNQ

cap. 1 2 De Bonis i 198 158 186 187 188 140 140

Replevin iv

8 Real Actions W

4 Dower ir

ff 6 Usurpation of Advows Real Actions iv iv

7 Same tv

9 Same iv 140

10 Attornies ill 86

11 Arrest - T.tT - iii 77

12 Anneal vl 256

IS "rrv* Toum vi 256

14 Waste T - T T. iv 140

Iff Procfaein Amy iii 87

17 Real Actions iv 141

18 Elegit hi 897

19 Executors - r. r., t ii 848

20 Real Actions iv 141

21 Same T iv 141

29 Tenants in common i 812

28 Executors ii 848

24 Original Writ iii 78

2ff to 28 Real Actions iv 141

29 Grim. Proc. vi 269

SO Assise—Nisi Prius iii 2

81 Bill of Exceptions iii 841 & 246

82 Mortmain i 818 ,

88 Same i 818

85 Real Actions iv 142

86 Infeiior Courts iv 89

87 Same iv 90

88 Juries - iii 240

89 40 4ff 46 47 Execution of Process - - iii 78

Real Actions iv 142

Eweentinn of Process - - iii 307

Inrlosnre - i 277

Fish vii 166

48 49 8T. 2, 0 ST. 8, D1 St. 4 st.n Real Actions iv 142

Champerty .«• ii 884

F WYNTON E MERCATORS hi 308

Circumsnecte anatis - iv 206

XVIII. MM

2 > QuiaEmntt i 194-195

8J St. 4 st.n Fines i 420

2 > Real Actions - iv 142-144

YYT y ill 247

ST. 8, DE MALEFACTORIBUS IN DAoris V 197

WltT - iv V 267

aXIY YYV!¥ -, 145

i>g|| 1 i 420

v«|l. A

xcii CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE.

Year. Cap.or No. Subject Vol. Page.

XXVII. EDW. 1. cap. 3 Gaol Delivery vi 269

4 Nisi Prius iii 4

St. Coin ▼i 269

XXVIII St. 2 Approvers ▼i 259

St. Coroners •., V 198

cap. 4 Exchequer iii 4

5 Courts iii 4

0 Juries iii 247

10 Mis. Off. vi 225

11 Maintenance vi 223

12 Land Revenue i 473

King's Debt - iv 230

% 15 Real Actions iv 144

20 Bullion V 146

yyyitt St.2 Conspiracy vi 223*225

St. Champerty vi 223

St. 4 iii 217

St. 5 Forrest* vii 217

XXXIV. . St. 1 Real Actions - iv 144

St. 3 Mortmain i 318

St. 5 Game vii 217

XXXV St. 1 Religion - v 2

I. EDWARD 2. St. 2 Escape vi 163

IX St. 1 Spiritual Courts iv 267*269

STAT. 1.

cap. 6 Tithes i 255

10 Aliens vi 335

15 Clergy vi 3S5

16 Crim. Proc. vi 287 b

XVII H Prerogative Regis vii 166

XII St. 1 Attorniea, f iii 37

cap. 3 Nisi Prius - iii 4

4 Same iii 5

5 Return of Writs iii 80

St. 2 Real Actions iv 144

XV. Fines - i 421

XVII. Prerogative Regis i 473 474

XVIII View of Frank p. iv 90

I. EDWARD 3. STAT. 1

cap. 4. False Judgment iii 247-348

5 Writ iii 81

G Attaint* iii 247

8 Offences in Forests t vii 217

St. 2 Forests vii 217

cap.14 Maintenance vi 224

16 Justices of Peace - vii 470

IT Crim. Proc vi 257

II 2 Judges of Assise iii 5

3 Riding armed V 218

11 Common Pleas iii 6

16 Nisi Prius iii 247

17 Real Actions iv 145

IV 2 Justices of Peace, See iii 6

7 Executors ii 848

10 Gaols* vi 251

11 Maintenance $ vi 224

V 6 Juries t iii 247

7 Same iii 217

8 Bail vi 251

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE,

xciii

Year. Cap orNo.| Subject. V. 1 Page.

V. EDWARD 3. cap.10 Juries iii 247 225 259 194

Embracery vi

cap.11 Process vi

12 Outlawry iii

13 Same - ' iii 194

IX 14 STAT. l. Arrest Night-walkers - vi 236

cap. 2 Real Actions iv 145

4 Trial iii 247

5 Records iii 6 147 334 226

STAT. 2. OF MONEY f) v

X St. 1. 21 vi vi

?p-*j St. 31 De Cibariis

XI t - cap. 3 Trade vi 227

"r 4 Same vi 227

XIV. - tt 6 Error iii 342

6 Amendment - iii 263

.10 12 Gaols - vii 298

Weights and Measures - viii 307

15 Pardon vi 334

16 Nisi Prlus iii 6

17 18 Real Actions - iv 145

Same - - iv 145

XV a Crim. Proc vi 270

XVII Coin V 147

XVIII St. l Outlawry vi 259

STAT. 2. cap. 2 Justices of Peace - t vii 470

5 Outlawry - - vi 260

6 Coin V 148

STAT. 3. cap. 2 Benefit of Clergy - vi 287

3 Mortmain i 319 b

6 Prohibition iv 270

St. 4 Jndge’i Oath iii 7

yv fiirT - st.e/ cap.1 1 Oath of Clerks in Chan-Y eery J Courts—Judges iv iii 290 8

2 Exchequer •« . - lit 9

3 Gaol Delivery iii 9

4 Maintenance vi 224

5 Same «. vi 224

XXV - St. 2 STAT. 3. Alloni _ i 4

cap. 4 \ Benefit of Clergy vi 287 b

7 Real Actions, Benefice - iv 145

STAT. 4. cap. 3 Vareitallinv - vi 227

4 Weirs vi 217

STAT. 5. Cap. 2 Treason . V 61

TriSl vi 270

4 Indictment , ., vi 270

5 Execntors - - ii 349

12-13 14 10 Coin •. V 148

Process-Felony - vi 260

Real Actions iv 145

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE.

xciv

Year.

xxvTedwTz

XXVII -

XXVIII,

XXXI.

XXXIV.

XXXVI.

XXXVII.

XXXVIII.

XUI.

Cap.orNo. 8ubject. Vol. Psge.

cap. 17 Outlawry Hi 81

20 Coin V 148

22 Provisors V 2

St 6 Religion V 2

STAT. 1.

cap. 1 Praemunire - V 6

2 Pardon ▼1 334

STAT. a.

cap. 9 Statute Staple iii 310

10 Weights and Measures vUi 307

14 Coin V 149

2 Wears iv 16

6 Exporting Iron vi 227

8 Attaint* iii 248

9 Crira. Proc vi 267

11 Hne and Cry - vUi 236

IS Juries iii 248

2 Weights viii 307

4 Executors ii 349

6 Crim. Proc vi 333

11 Administration ii 349

12 Error—Exchequer iii 349

1 Justices of Peace vii 470

4 Juries iii 248

7 Attaint iii 248

8 iii 248

12 Treason V 61

16 Fines i 421

22 Game t vii 217

2 p STAT. 1. Coin* 149

cap. 2 Purveyance V 149

14 Crim. Proc vi 320

16 Pleadings Mis. Off. iii 203

6 vi 227

7 V 149

8 Mis. Off vi 227

9 Same vi 227

10 vi 227

11 vi .227

12 Same vi 227

13 Same - vi 227

14 Same vi 227

16 Same vi 227

19 Game* vii 218

STAT. 1.

cap. 4 Religion V 6

6 Mis. Off. vi 228

8 Ships—Forfeiture - ii 61

9 Mis. Off. vi 228

12 Juries iii 218

St. 2 Presentment V 5

STAT. 2. 6

c«p. 1 Religion *' v 6

2 Same* V 6

3 Same V 6

4 Same V 6

2 Premunire V 6

3 Crim. Proc. vi 270

6

248

217

255

140

270

81

250

224

220

145

81

270

270

201

250

1

140

62

193

104

6

204

270

218

240

146

1

218

0

0

10

10

249

5

270

225

471

202

217

6

6

6

271

472

208

218

146

167

472

150

194

byG

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE.

Cap.or No.

Subject.

Per mods born Abroad .

Juries -

Wears # -

Sylva Ccedua -

Coin -

Consultation -

Arrest -

Fraudulent Conveyances

Maintenance -

King's Debt -

Real Actions* -

Judgment -

Spiritual Court -

Same - -

cap.10 11 2 2 2

4

5

6

4

5 0

12

13

14 5TAT.1.

cap. 5 ST AT. 2.

cap. 2 2

STAT.l.

Scan. Mag -

Fraudulent Deeds f Allen's Benefices -

cap. 2

7

8 0

3TAT.2. cap. 5 STAT.l. cap. 2 5 3 7 10 12 12 2

3

4 1 3

STAT. l. cap. 7 11 2 10 11 13 15

STAT. 2. cap. 2 3

5 7 9

13

17

19

11

12

2

Coin -

Treason -

Forcible Entry -

Writings Destroyed •.

Heresy -

Pleadings -

Rape -

Forrests* -

Jurors -

Real Actions -

Alien's Benefices -

Riding armed -

Judges of Assise.

Judges -

Altering Records -

Judges -

Error -

Religion -

Crim. Proc.

Sale of Offices.

Justices of Peace -

Scandalum Magnatum .

Nuisance -

Prorisors -

Religion* -

Same -

Court of Admiralty -

Justices of Peace -

Weights and Measures,

Game* -

Real Actions -

Fish* -:-

Justices of Peace -

Coin -

Forcible Entry

e

i

Hi

vi

i

v

iv

iii i

Vi

iv iv

iii

iv

iv

vl

i

i

V

V

vil

vii

iii

vi

vii Iii

iv

i

v iii iii iii iii

iii

v

vi

ii

vii vi

vi v

V

V

iv

vii

viii vii

iv vii vii

v vii

CHBONOLOGICAL TABLE.

ini

Year. Cap.or No.| Subject Vol. Page.

XV. RICHD. 2. cap. 3 Admiralty Court iv 271

4 Weights/dcc. viii 308

.4 Mortmain »M - i 319

12 Inferior Courts iv 91

XVI 2 Same - iv 91

.5 Praemunire y 6

6 Pardon vi 334

XVII L Coin - t., IMtfTttt v 150

6 Chancery iY 290

8 Riots V 219

9 Kwh vii 167

10 Gaol Delivery vi 270

XX 1 Riding armed T TT.r v 219

2 Livery vi 224

3 Judges iii >10

XXI s Treason - r r t a a r- v 62

1. HENRY 4. 3 Treason y 63

6 Land Revenue.* - i 474

7 Liveries vi 224

12 Wears vi 218

.18 Co. Pal. Chester Iv 15

n n Provisors V 8

Coin - Tf y 151

1 Juries. 8rc. iii 249

11 Admiralty Court iv 271

12 Wales* iv 16

15 Heresy v 8

16 to 20 Wales iv 16

21 Liveries vi 224

IV 2 Indictments, vi 257

3 Benefit of Clergy - vi 287 b

7 Real Actions iv 47

8 Same - iv 147

10 Coin y 152

11 Wears vi 218

16 Coin V 152

17 Religion y 8

181 19 1 Attornies iii 37

» j 22 Real Actions iv 147

23 Courts iii 11

26 to 34 Wales iv 16-17

V <{ Multiplication of Gold and 1 R‘i1v»r t r vi 228

5 Cutting out Tongues, Ac - v 219

6 Crim. Proc. vi 228

9 Coin V 152

10 Gaols vii 298

12 Execution iii 311

14 Fines i 422

VII. 6 Provisors V 8

8 Religion V 8

13 Attornies iii 3?

14 Liveries* vi 224

91 10/ Spiritual Authority Y 8

XI 3 Amendment - iii OAl

XW1

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE.

xcvii

XI. HENRY 4.

XIII -

I. HENRY 6.

IU.

Cap.or No.

cap. 5 8 9 9 6 7 2

4

5

STAT. 1.

cap. 2

4

5

7

8

STAT. 2.

cap. 1

4

STAT. 2. cap. 4 5

VII.

VIII.

IX.

L HENRY 6. II -

III -

IV -

VI -

VIII -

IX.

X.

XI.

?}

!} STAT. l. cap. 4 11 St. 2 cap. 1

4 6 9

12

13

15

16 1

3 1 2

5

6 9

10

12

15

16 29

4 6 2

3

4 6

Subject

Coin -

Trade* -

Crim. Proc.

Judges -

Coin -

Riots -

Wears -

Bailiffs -

Additions -

Inferior Coarts . Spiritual Courts

Sessions -

Crim. Proc.

Heresy -

Riot -

J ns tics of Peace

Juriese -

Coin -

Coin -

Religion Attaint -

Coin -

Crim. Proc.

Coin* -

Amendment -

Coin -

Coin -

Coin -

Coin -

Coin -

Coin* -

Coin -

Coin -

Fish* -

Real Actions* -

Riots, &c -

Amendment - •.

Process—Indictments •.

Juries - -

Weights and Measures

Threatening Bills -

Forcible Entry -

Criminal Process -

Amendment -

Amendment -

Land Revenue -

Juries -

Executors -

Criminal Process -

Real Actions -

Same* -

Costs -

Real Actions -

Vol.

V 153

V 163

Vi 270

iii 11

V 153

V 220

vi 218

iii 38

iii 195

iv 92

iv 272

viU 251

vi 260


V 220

vii 472

ill 249

V 153

V 153


iii 249

V 153

vi 257

v 154

iii 204

V 154

V 154

V 155

V 155

V 155

V 166

V 156

V 156

vii 168

iv 148

V 222

Hi 205

vi 236

Hi 249

viii 309

V 223

vii 104

vi 261

iii 206

iii 206

i 475

iii 249

ii 350

vi 262

iv 148

iv 148

iii 250

iv 148

vox.* I *

xcvlii

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE.

Year. |Cap.or No. Subject. Vol. Page.

XI. HENRY 6. cap. 6 Justices of Peace $3 vii 472

10 Execution iii 311

11 Assaults, Ac v 223

XIV Criminal TnHfrmpnt N.P. - - 270

XV 4 luuuai if IIUKUlviii A' ease r.nnrti nf Fnnitv - w 290

5 Attaint iii 250

XVIII I T.ptfpr* Pnlpnt - i 470

a Juries iii 250

6 Land Revenue i 476

7 Land Revenue i 477

ia Crim. Proc vi 257

XX Q Tm.l r\C D - «aua vi Q71

11 Treason vi Cl x 228

9 Bail Bonds. Ac iii 82

XXVII s Coin V 150

6 Mi - Off. vi 228

XXXIII 1 Elpciitnr . . . - . a . ii 351

T iii 38

L EDWARD 4. a Crim. l'roc.• vi 263

VIII 3 Jnripft . -, T -, iii 251

XII. - 7 Weirs vi 218

XVII I Coin f 1t* *•. v 157

2 Pie-Powder iv 92

I. RICH. 3. (a) 1 Uses . i 408

a Bail vi 251

7 Fines - i 422

9 Aliens i 1-2.6

I. HENRY r. 1 Formedon iv 148

7 Game ▼ii 218

IT J. -, T 1 Recognisances $ •. ▼i 271

a Forcible Marriage V 210

s Bail vi 251

4 Fraudulent Conveyances - i 359

10 Error iii 350

14 Treason, Ac V 63

IV 3 Coin .• .rt, - V 157

13 Benefit of Ciergy vi 288

18 Coin* V 168

20 iv 199

24 Fines i 424

VII . 6 Juries •«. iii 251

XI # 3 Judges iii 11

4 Weight! and Measures ▼iii 309

7 Riots V 223

12 Forma Pauperis - iii 357

15 County Courts iv 96

17 Game ▼ii 218

18 Attending the King in War, . ▼ 64

20 Alienation by Wife i 196

21 Jurors iii 251

24 Jnrors iii 251

XII. 7 5 Weights and Measures - .▼iii 312

7 Homicide ▼ 199

XIX. - 1 Same ▼ 64

5 Coin ▼ 168

7 Corporation I 170

(a) Prtrioat to this Tine the Statutes were In fiogluh. The distinction of public and private AcU commences with this Reign.

Pag*.

85

208

218

224

408

S51

477

479

228

251

100

251

251

SU

196

272

154

228

2

218

150

856

148

197

852

1

842

28

199

2

155

225

102

199

2

836

288

252

95

812

272

820

199

196

294

9

229

200

296

274

2

210

218

229

9

85

220

278

byG

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE.

apt or No.

C»p. 9

10

11

IS

15

20

1

8

10

14 12

2

5

5 8 4

6 4 6 2

10

12

2

8

4

5

7 11 18

15

16

19

20 5 9

IS

14 1

8

5

6 0

10

15

14

15 20

8

5 8

12

8

6 11 18 11 1G 17 19

Subject Vot. 1

III

Gaol* fi vii

Game vii

RiOt •'«» mMMII e

Uses i 1

iii

Extent* \ i

Seme / Same i

Same vi

Juries iii

Murder V

Juries iii

Juries iii

Pardon vi

Outlawry iii

Trial of Indictments , . vi

Same iv

Same # si

Same i

Game* vii

Same - -*f tTT. V

Adored Persona - 11 vi

Assize - - #. iv

Sale by Executors . f - i

Same ii

Same •« . vi

Restitution of Stolen Goods - Non-residence, Pluralities - Real Actions •« .•)<•.• - ii i i

Same i

AvAwripi - - i

Same V

Bridges . »• vii

Same V

Aliens i

Same vi

vi

Juries iii

Sewers iv

Same >ii

Spiritual Courts - iv

Mortmain •.• i

Trial for Murder V

Cotta Ttt vii iii

Same - V

Same - •.• - vi

Homicide V

Costa rT tf iii

Popery—Spiritual Courts - Standi no Mite *• .*• iv vi

Same •*• - V

Game vii

Sheep *• vi

V

i

Same vi

Spiritual Authority - iv

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE.

v«

Yew.

Cap.or No.

Subject

Vol.

Pag« *

XXV. HENBY 8.

XXVI.

XXVII.

xxvm.

XXXI.

XXXII.

XXXIII.

cap. 20 21 Same t

Same , .tf

22 Marriage^ -

1 Supremacy

8 Same

8 Same tt t.

4 Juries, Wales Mltl

5 Wales - , .tf - _tt

6 Wales 5

ii Same

is Treason

2 Treason *

4 Pirates

5 Wales *

7 Same fi

10 Uses

16 Inrolment

19 Sanctuary

20 Titles

24 Liberties f.

26 Wales

28 11 Dissolution of Monasteries Profits of Benefices

12 Non-residence

16 Pirates

16 1 Spiritual Authority

Jointenants, &c.

2 Fish

"{ 14 \ Dissolution of Monasteries, 1 (Tithes) J Heresy *

Wills

2 Limitation -

5 Execution

7. Tithes

9 10 12 16 20 21- 26 28 20 21 22 , 4{ 26 27 28 Buying Titles

Incontinence of Priests - Sanctuary *

Aliens* -

Franchises -

Trinity Term

Treason (Anne Cleres) - Leases - - -

Attornies—-Jeofails

Recoveries r.

Disceqt - -, T

Assignees of Reversion—Y Covenants—Conditions - J Fines . -

Recovery of Rents

Marriage «• .

False Tokens - -

q Gaming p

, 2{ is Bloodshed in the King*s Pa-1 lace J Same - -

10 'Prnnlifiries + - -

A4 QA Treason -

XV 21

▼ 10

▼ 10

i 161

▼ 10

V 66

▼ 10

if IT

iv 18

iv 19

▼ 226

▼ 66

▼ 68

vi 122

iv 20

iv 20

i 409

i 416

vl 228

i 266

iv 21

iv 26

i 480

i 26

i 29

vi 124

V 10

i 212

vii 169

V 10

V 10

i 450

lii 224

iii 214

i 258

il 224

V 210

vi 226

i 2

i 484

iii 11

V 68

i 277

iii •69

i 212

i 200

i 200

i 426

iv 156

i 152

vi 86

vii 269

V 225

iv 26

vi 229

V 68

V 70

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE.

d

Year.

XXXIII. HEN.8.

XXXIV. -XXXV.

XXXV.

XXXVII -

I. EDWARD 6.

n. A III -

III. Sc TV.

V. Sc VI.

vn - r -

I. MARY .

Cap.or No. 8 abject. Vsl. Psg«.

cap. 2$, , - - t V 70

24 27 Judges of Assize iii 13

i 380

28 tt Chaplains i 39

SO King’s Debts iv 280

1 Religious Opinions 9 ▼ 10

& Wills " i 467

6 Pins t vi 229

14 Benefit of Clergy p vi 290

19 Land Revenue i 464

20 Recovery i 428

21 King's (Grants 9 i 484

22 Fines i 429

26 Wales iv 26

2 Treason f 72

6 Nisi Prius Ui 262

6 Burning Frames - V 229

8 Indictments - vi 267

9 Usury ii 264

12 Same i 261

13 Same vi 230

19 Fines i 430

1 Religious Opinions f V 11

7 10 Discontinuance of Action - Wales iii iv 367 65

12 Treason, &e. V 72

14 Land Revenue 9 i 486

1 Uniformity 9 V 11

4 King’s Debts t iv 241

8 Extents tt i 486

IS Tithes i 265

15 23 Mis. Off. 9 vi 230

Marriage i 164

24 Trial ot Murder, See. - V 200

26 County Courts ». r(- iv 101

28 29 33 3 A Finest, - flIItt, .t i 421

Sodomy f V 211

Horsestealing vi 4

Approvement of Commons - Letters Patent i i 278 488

V 5 Riots. Scc. 9 - V 78

Q Mia. Off. vi 280 '

10 16 Ponerv 9 V 11

Prophecies f vi 230

1 Uniformity 9 V 11

8 Religion V 11

4 9 10 11 14 16 19 Fighting in Church Yards - Robbery , .t. iv vi 279 6

Benefit of Clergy vi 6

Treason V 78

Forestalling vi 230

Sale of Offices - ii 326

V 169

26 vii 1

26 1 6 SESS. 1. r>an. 1 Outlawry. Co. Pal. Lane. - King's Debts - *• Price of Wines $) Treason. Ac. c. iv iv vi V 57 241 230 1"

rotm l<

i

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE.

jJl

Year.

f. MARY -

I.&II. PH. $ M.

(«)

II. JIL -

IV. & Y -

I. ELIZABETH

V.

V1IJ.

XIII.

jCap.orNo.j Subject.

SESS. 2.

Cap. 2 5 Religion Limitations

6 Treason - t

T Pines

8 Highways ,

12 Justices of Peace

s Seditions Words - -

8 Religion

0 Treason *

10 Same P *

11 Coin

12 Distress

13 Examination

17 Leases

7 Stolen Horses

10 Examination

18 4 Commissions of Peace f - - Juries

7 Forcible Marriage -

8 Rape, Ore* fT - t T t

1 Supremacy .

2 Uniformity

9 Treason *

6 Slander f - > -

10 Fishf

15 Mis. Off.

10 Riot, &c.# -

17 Fish t - r

10 Leases

1 Supremacy *

4 Apprentices

0 Subpoena, Perjury

10 11 Embezzlement by Servants - Coin

14 Forgery

15 Prophecies *

17 Buggery

18 7 Mil Ml - Lord Keeper

20 Egyptians

21 21 Fish t

Game

23 25 Dc Excommunicato Capiendo Wales

26 27 Inrolment of Bargaiq and Sale Fines

2 Costs ,

4 Larceny, &c

5 1 Spiritual and Marine Courts - Treason, &c.f tf fl

$} Supremacy - TTf, TtI,

3 Mis. Off. f

4 King’s Debts

5 6 Fraudulent Conveyances - Exemplification of Patents .

Voi. Page.

V 11

iii 227

V 82

i 432

vii 473

V 231

vi 230

V 12

y 83

▼ 84

▼ 160

iv 158

yi 252

i 380

ii 342

vi 256

▼ii 478

V 202

iii 253

V 211

▼ 12

▼ 1 *

y 86

vi 231

▼i 231

▼i 231

V 233

vii 169

i 881

V 16

vii 82

vi 165

vi 8

V 161

vi 95

vi 231

V 213

iv 291

vi 231

▼ii 218

vii 172

iv 280

iv 59

i 417

i 432

iii 297

▼i 9

iv 284

▼ 86

V 17

vi 231

iv 246

i 359

i 489

(a) lliis means first of Philip and second of Mary, and not as in other Cases when two Yean are mentioned, that the Session began ix\ pat Year and was continued into another. Sec Rex v. Joins, Dqug. 996.

LjDOQie

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE.

cUl

Year. XIII. ELIZ.

XIV.

XVIII.

XXIII.

XXVII.

XXIX.,

XXXI.

XXXV., XXXIX. XLIII.

Cap.or No.l

cap.10 12 20 29 1 2 8 8 9 11 14 1 8 6 6

7

8 a 12 18

14

15 1 9 8

10 1 2 8 4 4 6

7

8 0 2 4 0 6 1 2 8

4

5

6

0 10 11 12

1 9 9

15 9 4 6 a

7

8

Subject.

Vol.

P«<«Lease* -

CJeW -

Leases, -

Universities -

Treason -

Same -

Coins -

Recoveries - -

Julies -

Leases - -

Same -

Coin -

Bastards f) - •.

Penal Actions -

Leases -

Rape—Burglary -

Wales -

Leases -

Nisi Prius -

Comities PaiatiBe - -

Jeofails -

Coin -

Supremacy ip -

Treason -

Fines -

Game -

Treason -

Papists -

King’s Debts -

Fraudulent Conveyances -

Pleading -

Juries -

Same -

Error -

Fines -

Treason -

Execution -

Attornles -

Supremacy -

Error -

Fines -

Outlawry -

Embezzlement -

Penal Actions -

Simony - -

Co. Pal. Durham .

Atterniea -

Forcible Entry -

Stolen Horses -

Supremacy -

Popery -

Rape -

Larceny -

Poor - -

Charitable Uses - -

(Inferior Courts) Perjury -

Costs -

Wood -

Administration -

i 888

i 89

i 885

i 171

-V 86

▼ 87

▼ 162

1 433

iii 258

i 885

i 887

V 162

▼ii 80

iv 200

i 388

▼ 214

iv 61

i 889

iii 258

iv 68

iii 207

V 163

V 17

▼ 87

1 434

▼ii 218

▼ 87

▼ 18

iv 250

i 361

iii 207

iii 254

iii 255

Iii 352

i 437

▼ 88

iii 315

iii 40

V 18

iii 352

i 440

iii 197

vi 10

iv 203

i 41

iv 68

iii 40

▼ii 197

ii 344

▼ 18

▼ 19

▼ 215

vi li

viii 29

i 321

iv 102

iii 209

viii 828

ii 855

(j

890

388

831

440

390

19

108

817

3

915

883

816

104

346

918

610

19

45

41

354

' 899

174

881

338

300

5

6

46

83

186

91

831

886

833

859

489

1

805

808

7

937

187

208

498

197

828

285

104

818

498

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE.

Cap.or No. Subject Vol.

cap. 9 Leases i

19 Insurance ii

18 MU. Off. vi

15 Fines . i

3 Leases - i

4 6 Popery Inferior Courts V iv

8 Stabbing V

9 Alehouses vii

11 Polygamy V

19 Witchcraft vi

IS Execution Hi

14 Court of Requests M - iv

31 Brokers. ii

27 Game vii

4 Absence from Church vii

4 Lord's Bay f) V

5 Papists' Benefices I

7 Attornies iii

8 Execution iii

10 vii

13 18 Fish vii

Game vii

21 Blasphemy vi

8 Costs iii

5 Drunkenness vii

2 Naturalisation i

3 Apprentices vii

4 Bastards $) vii

6 Action against Justices iv

6 Recusants V

11 Game vii

18 Evidence iii

13 Game vii

15 King's Debts iv

2 Nullnm tempos i

8 Patents, Monopolies ii

4 Penal Actions iv

6 vi

7 vii

8 Surety of Peace, Certiorari - vi

13{ Actions against Justices of 1 Peace / iv

13 1 Jeofails iii

14 Land Revenue i

15 Forcible Entry vii

16 Limitations iii

17 Usury ii

83 Inferior Court* f - t - iv

24 Execution iii

25 Crown Lands I

26 87 Forgery Murder of Bastards vi V

1 Sunday vii

4 Alehouses - vii

Ion of Statute *, this 8 tatnto 1* printed u Stcundo wife Pr >C began la the first Year, it was ruled that it mast be stated Bijant v. Withers, 3 M. and 8.133.

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE.

£9

Year.

III. CHARLES 1 XVI -

Cap.or NoL

Subject

XII. CHAS. 2. XIII -

XIII. de XIV -

XV.

XVI.

XVI. de XVII.

XVII.

XVIII.

XIX. .,

XX. - XXII.

XXII. Sc XXIII

cap.

1 1 4 6 10 11 16 16

19 13 18 24

|8TAT. 1 cap. 1

6

10

|STAT.2.| cap. 2 2 1 4 11 12 22

20 SI 33

2

a

7

2

4

6

7 3 6

8

9.

6

8

1

7

9

10

11

12

Petition of Right -

Sunday -

Bastards 9 -

Michaelmas Term -

Star Chamber -

High Commission Court *

Stannary Courts -

Forests -

Weights and Measures -

Usury -

Navigation -

Tenures -

Treason* - Corporations, Treason - Game -

Original Writ, dec.

Pleadings -

Quakers -

Uniformity -

Trade, dec -

Poor -

Northern Borders -

Insurance -

Coin -

Priming* -

Wood -

Uniformity -

Trade -

Error -

Conventicles* -

Ships -

Gaming -

Juries -

Execution -

Arrest of Judgment, dec. - Affidavits—Duchy Court ofl

Lancaster - /

Nonconformists -

Union of Churches .

Avowry -

Judgment, Ac. c.

Coin -

Avowry, Counties Palatine .

Tenants for Life -

Error -

Conventicles -

Stealing from the Rack.

Embezzling Stores -

Crown Rents -

Measures -

Malicious Wounding - 1.

Malicious Burning -

Costs 9 -

Distribution -

Shipping -

Measures -

Vol. Page.

iv 118

vii 612

vii 82

iii 14

iv 120

V 21

iv 106

vii 223

viii 813

ii 286

ii 61

i 206

V 88

i 173

V 88

vii 224

iii 86-318

iii 209

V 21

i 46

ii 67

viii 33

vi 234

ii 223

V 164

Vi 202

viii 329

i 66

ii 68

iii 354

V 22

ii 69

ii 807

iii 266

iii 319

iii 319

iv 65

V 22

i 66

iv 169

iii 820

V 164

iv 160

i 209

iii 366

V 22

vi 11

i 494

viii 816

V 282

V 234

iii 801

ii 866

ii 69

viii 317

CjjO(

Pm

1 89

253

498

224

22

211

350

6#

26

86 *

175

26

124

860

20

90

30

59

31

291

59

66

161

12

227

09

120

462

861

91

15

61

226

198

256

321

211

258

227

255

361

227

264

334

189

257

165

166

89

189

269

168

71

GHftONOtoOlCAti TA&LE.

Cap.or No.j

cap. 20

Subject Original Writ, Ac. c.

22

24

25 2 8

5 7

6 9

JTAT. l j cap. 7 9

JTAT. 2.| cap. 2 2 17

cap. 6 9

15

16 16 21 26 27

cap. 6 9 10 11 12 14 2 4 8 12 16 18 18 20 21 22

23

24 24

6

It

13

20

4

17

1

2

4

6

19

22

Ring's Debts -

Lani Revenue -

Game -

Test Act -

Frauds - -

Affidavits -

Sunday -

Augmentation of Vicarages - De Heretlco Combnrendo .

Executors -

Fish* -

Religion -

Personal Liberty -

Distribution -; -

Coronation Oath -

Papists -

Papists -

Simony -

Toleration -

Comtriissioner* of Great Seal

Papists’ Benefices -

Wales - i -

Distress -

Larceny -

Deer -

Poor -

Carriage of Goods $ -

Fraudulent Devises -

Province of York -

Special Bail - -

Highwaymen -

United Parishes -

Clandestine Mortgages»• -

Outlawry -

Information -

Judgment, See -

Declaration -

Crown Office -

Game -

Devastavit -

Juries $) -

Royal Mines -

Certiorari -

Pardon -

Election Offences f) -

Juries f -

Coin $ -

Coin -

Treason -

Election Offences -

Tithes -

Coin -

Trade, dtc.9 -

CHRONOLOGICAL TAB^E. evU

Ye»r. Jcap or No. Subject. Vol. Pag*.

TII. AVIII. \ WILLIAM 3. J cap. 24 27 < Oaths V 35

Oaths 9 V 36

32 Jurors ill 257

34 Tithes 1 272

34 37 Quakers’ Affirmation Charitable Gifts - r t ill i 287 323

VIII. 88 2 Wills Coin - t.tttt -, 1 - ii V 862 168

VIII.* IX 8 Coin I ▼ 168

11 Costs - - r - iii 212

11 Judgment B M 308

26 Coin V 168

27 Escapes 9 iii 93

30 Poor - viii 71

% 81 Partition i 314

83 Crfm. Proc T - vl 266

rx. 4 7 Pi re Works vii 163

11 Poor - .v.j - viii 75

15 Arbitration •., ., .«f. - iii 360

17 Bills of Exchange - ii 250

21 Coin .7 - v 172

32 Blasphemy V 36

41 Embesaling 9 - i - Vi Vi iii 65

X a Mi* Off T 234 232-35$ 230

X.&XI - 14 16 F.rrpr jg|1 t

Posthumous Children .1 i

17 Lotteries - , r»• vii 273

23 Larceny vi 16

* 1 Fish I . vii 175

XI. XII. - Papists \\ V 87

6 Descent - f - i 228

7 Piracy vi 126 '67

6 Wales, Ac. c. IV

12 15 Offences abroad - .r - vi 277

Weiehtfl. Ac. c. viii 818

16 Tithes i 274

xil&xiii - 2 Naturalisation i G

2 10 STAT. i. cap .7 Judges - •, »•. Election Offences iii vi U 190

I. ANNE. . Land Revenue p I 500

9 15 16 36 STAT. 2. cap. 6 •{ 13 Coin ? i f Measures V viii 178 320

Bridges vii 105

Jews’ Children - t i ICO

Escapes ill 08

Accessaries. Stolen Goods."} Destroying Ships. Wit- > nesses in Felony •« - «• J Jurors fi - - V iii 236 261

17 Treason, Ac. c. v 92

18 5 Servants viii 182

TT Ar TIT . . Wilis—York - i, - ii 363

6 Apprentices vii 47

li 20 Oneen Aim’s BouutV - . •. 62

TrFBIDVI 9 - . m a fl . V 43

? ii 254

cviii

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE.

Year.

III.AIV. ANNE IV -

VI.

VII.

VIII.

IX. .,

XII.

I. GEORGE 1.

III.

Cap.or No.

cap.18 16 21 6 8 9 14 81 7 18 21 It 81 87 6

9 10 12 10 18 19 21 26 14

19 6

14

ie{

20 26 26

2 6 14 18 19 26 STAT. I. cap. 7 18

STAT. 2. cap.12 14 16 18 STAT. 2 cap. 4 6 6

10 18 26

47

48 66

a{

a

Subject

Jurors -

Amendment of Law $ -

Fish* -

Benefit of Clergy -

Union (Scotland) -

Original Writ, Ac -

Game -

Housebreakers -

Treason, Ac -

Estates for Lives -

College Statutes -

Fire -

Servants 9 -

Aliens -

Naturalization -

Sewers* -

Sewers -

Ambassadors .

Wagers* -

Advowsons -

Infant Trustees -

Treason $ -

Coin$) -

Landlord and Tenant -

Copyright -

Lotteries $ -

Gaming -

Attempt on Life of Privy \

Counsellor - /

Mandamus. Quo Warranto

Game -

Fish -

Tolerationfi -

Naturalization -

Juries $) -

Crown Grants $ -

PleadingsJB -

Lotteries p -

Larceny Poor $ .

Curates—Simony |) Papists'Benefices .

Usury -

Ships -

Naturalization -

Riots -

Tithes -

Queen Ann's Bounty -

Fish 5 -

Embezzlement -

Seduring Soldiers to desert, Wood

Papists -

Recovery of Penalties under 1 1 Geo.ch. 47 jp *.j Qame .«•

Vol. Page.

iii 262

i-iii 231-264

vii 176

vi 19

viii 446

iii 101

vii 210

vi 21

V 94

i 288

i 175

iii 368

viii 184

i 8

i 7

iv 108

iv 108

iii 102

vi 234

& 64

i 849

V 98

V 174

iv 168

il 10

vii 274

ii 309

V 100

i 176

vii 234

vii 175

V 87

i 7

iii 264

i 603

vi 191

vU 275

vi 28

viii 76

i 64

I 66

ii 287

ii 72

i 8

V 237

i 274

i 69

vii 176

V 67

V 101

viii 881

V 40

V 108

vii 286

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE.

cix

Year.

HI. GEORGE 1

IV.

V.

VI.

VII.

VIII.

IX.

xi.XIL

XIII -

I. GEORGE 2.

n -

in.

|Cap.or No. 8 abject. Vol. 1 p*cap. 15 Execution. Poundage $3 - iii 332

18 Papists V 40

11 Transportation fi vi 50

12 Ships ii 76

4 Corporations i 179

6 Same i 179

8 Poor viii 78

IS Amendment iii 21S-S50

15 Deer* vii 237

27 Seducing Artificers vi 170

28 Deer* vii 237

11 Coin $) V 174

16 Wood viii 833

18 Insurance ii 227

19 Gaols vii 300

21 Arrestsf) iii 103

28 Rewards V 242

23 Transportation vi 24

7 Trade vi 234

12 Mis. Off. vi 234

2 Lotteries ip vii 276

6 Quakers V 40

19 Game . vii 237

22 Forgery $ vi 99

24 Piracy, Scc. - vi 131

25 Recognisances iii 334

25 Wales, dec iv 68

7 Justices of Peace £ vii 474

7 Poor viii 79

8 Embezzlement £ ▼i 70

18 Religion V 40

19 Gaming £ vii 278

22 Papists V 242

29 Real Estates i 240

4 Corporations i 181

18 Insurance Companies ii 864

SO Insurance fi ii 238

29 Arrest $ iii 104

si Ni»i Print iii 265

32 Chancery iv 294

S3 Same £ iv 296

34 Servants viii 184

23 Same 9 v iii 187

8TAT.2.

cap.19 Destroying Turnpikes V 249

21 Murder V 203

22 Set-off . iii 222

23 Attornies iii 42

24 Bribery vi 191

25 Larceny p vi 25

25 Forgery - vi 101

25 Perjury fi vi 168

28 Gaming £ vii 279

30 Seamen U 77

5 Mi*. Off. t vi 234

25 Loans to Foreign States iii 266

29 Juries £ viii 88

30 Chancery iv 296

7 Juries iii 273

YOI*» I *

A

101

8

213

165

24

475

267

267

296

106

251

214

68

51

83

279

71

320

80

243

27

102

27

252

223

235

IQS

178

324

16

255

76

76

160

256

5$

299

175

15

281

133

3 *

3

10

188

108

268

141

286

258

28

217

442

107

80

301

CHRONOLOGICAL table.

Cap.orNo >• Subject. Vo'l.

cap.10 18 Lunatics, i

Forgery t VI i

21 Naturalisation ,

20 Pleadings - , .!; .! Hi

28 32 18 Landlord gnd tenant - Larceny - Justices of Peace -, iv vi vii

io Certiorari, vi

_ Appeal I, . vi

25 37 Courts of Equity Arrests iv iii

33 Destroying Property v

6 Pleadiigs - iii

14 waie* iv

27 A ttornies - t. iii

3l Bastards vii

35 Lotteries $] vii

37 Juries iv

8 Stock-Jobbing ii

15 Ship Owners ii

20 Mortgages 1 *i

21 22 Assault with intent to rob - Forgery T T _ t - vi vi

13 20 24 Copy-right of Engravings - Destroying Turnpikes 0 - ii V iii

5 Witchcraft # .!! vi y

30 Foreign Service *

33 Pish vii

36 Mortmain, i

28 Players 1 viii

32 Malicious Mischief v

32 Banks destroying 31 - vU

37 Game f

17 Papists’ Benefices i

19 Landlord and Teuant iv

22 Is Riot, SiCt AttornieslB M s

21 Chancery *

26 Coinp v

27 Judges - t .a iii

28 Gaming; - vii

29 County Rates vii

36 Literary Property ii

8 Aliens, - i

t Naturalization i

8 Servants; - vf it

18 Process - Tt - iii

18 Certiorari $, vi

18 County Rates - I vii

19 Gaming, T.t - vii

21 Destroying Collieries - v

6 Sheep Stealing vi

1T{ ?0 33 Judgment as in Case of Non- Y / Recoveries.—Occupancy - Bridges iii vii

i3 Embezzlement - vi

24 H. of Correction M - vii

CHRONOLOGICAL f ABLE.

ttl

Tt»r.

C*p.or No.

8 object.

Yol. j P»ge.

Vl 58

V 176

i 155

vii 89 .

Vi 30

Vi 896

vii 476

vi 168

viii 84

vii 615

tv Tl

viii 85

viii 86

V 108

vi 71

vi 194

vii 478

vi 81

vi 183

it 310

viii 371

viii 157 a

ti 195

ii 389

vii 47

V 103

HI 100

ii 81

Iv 79

i 13

vi 836

vii 120

viii 193

iii 289

i 4

Hi 54

Hi 288

iv 72

vii 178

vi 169

vl 172

vii 178

m 59 '

i 77

Hi 274

iv 188

vi 82

iii 16

vi 239

i 465

vl 32

vi 218

V 204

i 229

vii 238

vii 4S2

U 81

•V 46

XV.OBOROSS.

bap.

XVI.

xv n.

xviii -

XIX.

XX*

XXI -

XXII. a • 1

XXIII -

xxiV.

XXV.

XXVI.

ST

28

80

IS

84

15

18

81

3

8

T

8T

38

39 80

8

SO

"{

50

84

51

ss

38

87

19

SO

87

38

43

44

52

38

27 80

45

48

46 46

49 II

13 26 26

28 18

44

45 48 55

6

10

36

37

39 2

14

19

20

Stolen Goods Coin Marriage Bent $)

Stealing Cattle Transportation Justices of Peace Escape Poor Rates Vagrants

Co. Pal. Lancaster

Poor Rates Poor

Treason -

Embezzlement -

Elections -

Justices of Peace - M.

Stealing IVoifi Bleaching

Grounds $ -

Piracy -

Horse Races -

Swearing -

Harbonrs -

Elections -

Insurance -

Apprentices -

Servants -

Treason -

Process* -

Seamen t -

Naturalisation - -

General Pardon -

Rates of Carriage $ -

Servants -

Evidence f -:-

Allens -

Attornles -

Comities Palatine $3 -

Action against Hundred fi ,

Fish -

Perjnfy - ,

Seducing Artificers -

Fish* -

Attornles $ -

Uniformity -

Juries -

Action against Justices -

Larceny -

Larceny -

Mich. Term -

Wills -

Larceny -

Nuisances, Ac. c.

Murder -

Descent -

Game -

Fees -

Shipwrecked Goods -

Jew Bill -

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE *

exit

Year.

Cap.or No.

Subject

XXVI. GEO, 2.

XXVII -

XXVIII -

XXIX -

XXX.

XXXI,

XXXII.

cap.27 31

33

34 1 3

15

16 20 12 17 10

30

31 86 30 21

24{

24

.11

22

41

14

28

Justices of Peace -

Alehouses -

Marriage Act -

Vagrams $) -

Repeal of Jew Bill -

Costs -

Riot -

Threatening Lettersf) - Courts of Conscience - •.

Game -

Foreign Service 9 -

Inferior Courts -

Receiving Stolen Lead, See. Surrender by Infants, See.

Inclosures -

Fish -

Fish -

False Pretences and threatening Letters $) -

Alehouses $1 -

Apprentices, Servants -

Forgery 9 -

Inclosures -

Prefines—Postfines -

Lords* Act -

XXXIII -

I. GEORGE 3.

II -

III.

IV.

V.

VI.

VII.

VIII,

IX.

58

27

13 23 15 10 25

28 20

15 10 10

16 21 25

31

32

37

14

14 17 28 25 80 48 53

0

21

29

38 48 60

15

16

Corporations - ,

Fish -

Justices of Peace

Judges -

Fish* -

Game -

Naturalization -

Game -

Game -

Elections -

Forgery f) -

Crim. Proc -

Infant Trustees -

Wales -



Wood P -

Chancery -

Riot -

Fish if) -

Conies $ -

Bishops* Leases -

Chancery -

Apprentices—Servants. Wood -

Same -

Treason |) -

Justices of Peace -

Same -

Execution -

Property in Engravings

Corporations - -

Transportation $ -

Crim. Proc.

Nullum Tempus -

Vol. Page.

vii 488

vii 0

i 155

viii 293

V 40

vii 122

V 259

iv 110

vii 169

vii 230

V 104

iv 110

vi 54

i 351

I 280

vii 178

vii 170

vi 87

vii 13

viii 202

vi 104

i 284

i 445

iii 109

I 187

vii 179

vii 483

iii 19

vii 179

vii 240

i 15

vi 58

vii 241

vi 196

vi 105

vi 255

i 352

iv 73

vi 106

viii 335

iv 300

V 260

vii 179

vii 213

i 301

iv 300

vii 50

viii 386

viii 337

V 104

vii 485

vii 486

iii 336

ii 31

i 185

vi 34

vi 207

i 601

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE *

cxiii

Year.

Cap. or No.j

Subject.

VoL I Page.

IX. GEORGE 3.

XI -

XII -

XIII.

XIV.

XV.

XVII -

XVIII.

XIX.

• •« -

cap.19

29

30 18 30 48

50 20 27 40 11 20 21

24 71 21

25

26

S1{

32

33

51 55 63 63 71

78

79

80 81 20

42 44 46

48

49 71 79 84 92

5

14

39

46 53 30

43 26 30 53

56

57 . 18

19

33

47 60

44

Chancery iv 301

v 261 107 161

Forgery 3§ /. vi

Dogs vii

Wood viii 339

Stolen Goods .t. vi 58

Privilege of Parliament Lunatics—Leases - lii i 201 353

Fish* vii 181

Copper Coin - V 179

Marriages—Royal Family, - Standing Mute »• 1 vi 162 273

Mandamus _r, TT 1 186

Destroying Dock Yards, dec* - V vi 105 235

i 16

Aliens 1 IT

Sale of Ships ii 86

Criminal Law—England and 1 Scotland $ J Turnips vi viii 85 275

Wood viii 340

Wales iv 74

Game vii 243

Evidence p - iii 289

Offences in India p vi 277

Coin ' V 180

Highways vii 857

Forcer v vi 107

Game - vii 246

Improvement of Waites - Gaol Fees I vii 285 301

Coin V 181

Servants - viii 204

Larceny vi 36

Insurance ii 246

Mad'housfs, lt vii 515

Rvnortinc Utensils •*. vi 175

Usury ii 288

Naturalization - - i 19

Coin V 182

Fv nor tine Utensils vi 177

viii 205

vii 486

Fiffh - f T vii 181

Pnnv-riffht H 33

Deer-stealing Crim. Proc. vii vi 249 298

ii 298

Bills of Exchange, Ac. c. ii i 256 79

viii 206

ii 35

-vi 108

Constables Costs, vii 123

f?Uh vii 181

vii 52

v 41

Homan V 43

Fas

SOT

111

298

4

ft

52

177

66

44

92

26

69

68

263

196

60

181

89

101

294

4

94

278

109

19ft

802

801

274

286

247

SOI

258

188

lift

89

285

94

98

567

187

289

308

100

290

506

86

81

284

10

487

264

248

182

802

CdRONOLOdtCAL TABLE.

: »p or No.|

ap.45

70

T4

29

20

86

87 89 49 66 68

69 25

40<

41

58

60

8ft

70

88 88 85

I ESS. 2 mp.25 87 47 56 56 18

85 44 40 52 67 38 60

71 84

86 87 89

1

19

29

84

88 *

4ft

44

80

49

55

56 81 47

Subject.

Dnchy Lands -

Interior Courts -

Transportation $ -

Aliens - •* -

Same -

Apprentice! -

Seducing Artificers -

Ship Owner! -

Religion -

Oiebe Houses -

Larceny -

Receiving Stolen Metal -, Ransom of Ships -

Destroying Qoods of Implements - -

Election Offences -

Receiving Stolen Goods . •.

Seducing Artificers -

Poor -

Actions against Officers of

Excise p -

Vagrants -

Aliens -

Clergy t -

i

East India Judicature f)

Forgery f) -

Actions sgainst Officers Prisoners f)

Transportation 9 -

Old Bailey Sessions 9 -

Ring's Debts -

Insurance -

Critn. Proc. f) -

Public Accounts 9 -

Exporting Utensils -

Inferior Courts -

Ships—Register -

Slaying Horses, &c. 9 - Consecration of £isbops +

Ship Owners -

Crown Lands 9 -

Sedncing Artificers

Gaming -

Gaols—Houses of Correction -

Ships -

Witnesses -

Duchy Lands 9 ,

Property in Pattern! Manufacture -

Co. Pal. Chester -

Spiritual Courts -

Theatres -

Justices of Peace -

Frame-breaking

Insurance -

Coin -

Transportation

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE.

XXX. GEO.».

XXXI.

xxxu.

XXXIII.

Cftp.or No.

50

sa

55

50 46

51

55 4a 45 48

56

57

58 50

80

4

5

50

xxsiy.

xxjcv.

xjqnri.

xxyyii.

!!{

67

68 23 40 46 58 64 68

74

75

84 66 67

101

102

111

113

7

8

10

23

48

85 00

118

46

48

85

70

73

85

05

m

8 abject

Judgment on Women (Trea-1

•on)* - j

Poor -

Crown Lands -

PapjsU -

Witnesses (Petit Larceny) #f

Seamen -

Crim. Proc -, -

Oyster Fisheries

Forgery*., -

Chancery -

Vagrants -

Crim. Proc. - -

Servants (False Characters).,

Apprentices -

Quo Warranto -

Alehouses -

14M -

Aliens -

Insolvent Debtors -

Forgery -, - ,

Friendly Societies -

Neglects of Constables, Ac. c. \ —Warrants of Distress - /

Destroying Ships -

Wales—Co. Pal.

Patterns of Linens -

Lotteries -

Co. Pal. Lan. (Special Bail) Same (Removal of Carnes)

Highways -

Ships -

Highways -

Crown Lands M

Penitentiary House, Forgery

Polygamy , .M -

Poor . f - i

Weights and Measures Friendly Societies -

Alehouses

Treason - Seditions Meetings - Obstructing the passage ofl

Coin - J

Poor -

Same -

Aliens - Curates 9 -

Transfer of Stock .

Fish -

Forgery -

Fish -

Trade, Ac. c.

Seducing Soldiers

Trade, Ac. c.

Insolvent Debtors Fish* - ,

Forgery -

Vot.

Psge.

V 105

viii 111

i 508

▼ 46

ill 290

ii 101

vi 801

vii 181

vi 109

iv 301

viii 294

vi 9T4

viii 220

vii 53

i 187

vii 16

vi 203

i 4

ill 127

vi 110

vii 198

vii 61

V 266

iv 83

ii 38

vii 295

iv 85

iv 86

vii 405

ii 104

vii 406

i 508

vi SOS

vi 112

V 217

viii 112

viii 520

vU 207

vii 21

V 100

V 108

V 268

viii 115

viii 117

i 4

i 95

ii 387

vii 184

vi 112

vii 184

ii 116

V 115

a 117

Hi 129

vU 185

vi 112

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE.

cxvl

Year. C«px»r No. Subject Vol. 1 •’•*XXXVIl.GEO.3. cap.128 Unlawful Oaths V 115

126 Coin V 182

143 Weights and Measures viii 322

XXXVIII 61 Alehouses ^9 vii 27

62 Counties of Towns iii 277

• 65 Sheep viii 256

67 Coin . V 185

69 Same V 186

71 Busts . ii 39

78 Newspapers vi 203

87 Executors:ii 364

XXXIX. 34 Game vii 257

37 Offences at Sea vt 134

46 Benefit of Clergy vi 303

60 Original Writ iii 131

79 Seditious Societies V 117

83 Public Accounts iv 258

86 Servants—Embezzlement - vi 37

86 Alehouses )) vii 27

93 Treason V 129

113 Judges—Segeants iii 20

XXXIX. & XL - 36 Transfer of Stock, Equity - iv 302

41 Leases i 393

42{ Bills of Exchange — Good \ Friday - / ii 259

60 Game (repealed 57 Geo. 3.) - vii 258

64 Crown Debts iv 258

66 Estates tail (Money) i 240

67 Union (Ireland) viii 462

77 Collieries—Miners V 270

87 Land Revenue $3 vi 61

88 Receiving Stolen Goods i 618

89 Naval Stores |3 vi 73

90 Servants viii 222

93 Treason V 129

94 Lunatics vii 622

95 Printing—Indemnity v ISO

98 Accumulation of Property - i 245

99 Pawnbrokers viii 1

105 Co. Pal. Lancaster iv 87

106 Servants viii 227

Yf.T 9 Poor viii 119

XLI. GEO. UNITED KINGDOM.

cap. 23 Poor Rates viii 120

38 Servants viii 238

89{ Forgery (tuperaeded by 1 45 Geo. 5.) / vi 114

6 7 L Forgery vi 114

64 Insolvent Debtors iii 131

78 Constables vii 129

80 Printers V 130

85 Fines—Justices of Peace vii 489

90 King’s Debts iv 258

90 Evidence $3 iii 290

107 Copy-right ii 40

109 Inclosure i 291

YLii 46 Parish Apprentices vii 63

67 Turnips, See viii 277

t 70 Public Accounts* iv 262

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE.

mil

Year.

Cep.or No.

XLII. GEO. -

XLIfl.

XLIVa .

XLV i

XLVI.

XLVII.

cap. 78 T4 81

85{

88

92

107

119

15

80

46

56

58

59 61 75 84

107

108

109

110 111 112 118 189 141 155

18

43

52

71

77

87

92

102

10

33

42

54

66

75

81

89

92

1011 124 L 19 37 54 98 141 SESS. 2 cap. 8 24 "39 40 74

YOL* !•

Subject

Apprentice! -

Poor House -

Post Office, stealing from $ . Offences abroad, Actions V

against Officers - j

Fish -; .

Aliens -

Deer -

Lotteries -

Transportation -

Roman Catholics -

Arrests -

Ships—Passengers -

Maliciously Shooting, Ac. c.

Bridges -

Vagrants (Soldiers' Wives) .

Lunatics' Estates -

Clergy; Residence -

Queen Ann's Bounty -

Glebes -

Residence t -

Poor House -

Friendly Societies

Game (New Forest) -

Destroying Ships, Ac -

Committing Forgery -

Actions against Juss -

Aliens -

Process—Petty Officers -

Ordination -

Highways -

Coin -

Marriages -

Servants -

Apprehension of Offenders .

Hab. Cor. ad test -

Quarantine -

Fish -

Coin -

Poor -

Wood -

Inferior Courts - •.

Trade, Ac. c.

Forgery -

Apprehending Offenders - Universities — Purchase ofl

Benefices - J

Privilege of Parliament *

Fish -

Witnesses -

Offences at Sea -

Quarantine -

Public Accounts # - •.

Copyholds—Recoveries .« -

Crown Lands -

Fisheries -

Bills in Equity—M. P -

Debts of Traders -

I

Vol.

Page.

vil 67

viii 123

vi 88

iv 19S

vil 186


vil 259

vii 294

vi 80S

V 53

iii 132

a 122

V 206

vii 109

viii 296

i 354

1 96

i 96

i 9T

i 99

▼iu 124

vii 208

va 261

V 278

V 186

iv 197

i 4

in 135

i 99

vii 410

V 189

i 162

viii 239

vi 241

iii 280

vi 142

vii 185

• V 189

via 125

via 342

iv 80S

a 122

vi 115

vi 244

i 100

iv 416

vii 185

iii 291

vi 135

vi 155

iv 202

i 448

i 519

iv 2G2

iv 305

iv 805

asvitt

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE.

Year. Cap.or No. Subject. Vol. Page.

XLVIII.OKO. 8. cap.SI V 189

Indictment! — Informations)

Execution of Warrants—f vi 246

oo < Assignment of Bail Bondar

to the King -)

Same* •7 ▼i 256

73 Land Revenue I 520

88 Bills of Exchange ii 259

93 vii 261

96 Lunatics vii 524

123 Original Writ, Ac - iii 138

127 Marriage?) i 164

129 Larceny, Ac vi 39

130 Trade, Ae. 9 ii 123

143 Alehouses vii 28

144 Fish vii 186

XLIX 6 Original Writ, Ac. c. iii 189

6 Courts of Equity iv 811

28 Attornies, Ac. c. iii 60

68 Bastards vii 85

91 Courts iii 21

118 Election Offences vi 199

122 Trade, Ac ii 124

124 Poor viii 126

125 Friendly Societies vii 209

126 Sale of'Offices ii 328

L 48 r.Am«hM viii 261

49 Poor viii 128

50 Same . viii ISO

51 Bastards vii 87

52 Poor viii 132

59 Stolen Ooods vi 62

65 Land Revenue i 633

67 Game vii 262

LI 2S 8lave Trade vi 159

87 Marriage i 164

41 Larceny vi 40

65 Treason, Ac. c. V iso

79 Lunatics vii 535

80 Apprentices vii 67

100 Crim. Proc vi 275

115 Clergy i 101

120 Game vii 262

124 Original Writ, Ac iii 139

MI. 16 Same V 276

82 Transfer of Stock - ii 339

84 Original Writ, Ac iii 144

89 Trade, Ac. c. 9 ii 131

Crim. Proc. •. vi 103

63 Embezzlement vi 63

64 False Pretences vi 89

101 Mortmain i 329

102 Same i 330

104 Treason, Ac. c. V 182

110 Bridges vii 112

130 Riot, Ac v 277

138 Forgery, 5 vi 119

143 Larceny, Ac. c. vi 41

143 Revenue—Felonies - vi 136

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE.

cxix

p

Tmt.

LIL OEO. 9

LUL

UT.


Cap.or No. 8 abject Val.

oapl45 140 156 Hig|ifftyi ttt(tl.tl|fttMt.f vii 466

Clergy 1 108

Religion . f - T . 66

160 160 Treason, Oc. •«• V 188

Gaols./ - i. vii 802

161 Lapd Revenue v - i 688

24 26 Court* of Equity iv 818

Trade, &c. «• ii 188

40 40 64 82 90 102 111 127 141 149 AnoreoticAi - vii 67

Servants MimiMtritt -«T - ▼iii 244

Sale of Offices ii 282

Highway* vii 467

Treason, Ac. c. ▼ 184

Original Writ, Ac. c. •#. iii 146

TraBe, Ac- ii 188

Spiritual Courts - t.f - tr iv 284

Annuities •, ii 802

Clergy i 110

i69 Trade, Ac. c., t - U 182

160 162 14 Religfop v 69

Mis.°Off. Yi 802

Courts of Equity Iv 814

28 Original Wrtt, Ac. c. iii 169

42 Same V 278

66 69 60 70 Patents ii 44

Trade, Ac. c. ii 188

Embezzlement •« vi 88

Land Revenue P viii 648

84 Sessions ii 261

90 Bridges vii 115

91 Poor tt.f.t - viii 138

96 Apprentices vii 68

1011 107 107 109 145 Larceny—Accounts (see ExO chequer) Apprentices - vi vii 41 69

Poor viii vii 188

Highways 411

vi 8SS

A* 146 166 Treason. Ac* v 186

i ii ii 4

160 Patents. Ac* . - 45

168 169 169 168 170 170 Trade, Ac* 188 188 167 418 292 133

Same . ii viii I

Trade

Uses

Evidence •. iii

Poor •* - *, * •.«• viii

171 Trade, Ac. c. - - t - U-iii 148-292 110

175 186 Clerirv i

Crim. Proc. vi 249

42 Weights viii 826

46 Lunatics - *• vii 636

60 Same •»•. .• vii 805

61 68 116 127 184 127 County Rate .•. . vii 142

Highways vii 414 149

Trade, Ac. c. #f ii

Embezzlement vi 84

Land Raveuue I 650

Poor viii 126

2 2

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE.

Tear. Cap. or No. Subject Vol. Pag*.

LV. GEO. I, - capl47 192 Cierirv i 113

Wills i 467

LVI. 27 Crim. Proc. $1 vl 264

49 County Rate vii 151

50 Judgment, dec. Hi 338

52 Clergy t - tT . i 122

62 Crim. Proc vi 208

72 Larceny, dec vi 42

100 Personal Liberty It ISO

102 Original Writ.&e. iii 172

116 Gaols vii SOS

117 Lunatics vii 540

122 Clergy i 122

125 Riot, &c. - V 279

129 Poor viii 141

ISO Game vii 262

138 Crim. Proc vi 220

, 139 Apprentices vii 70

141 Clergy i 123

lvil, 6 Treason, Ac. c. v 126

7 Same V 137

11 Courts, dtc iii 21

18 Sam. iii 22

19 Treason, Ac. c. V 137

39 Courts of Equity iv 216

39 Friendly Societies vii 211

46 Coin f V 189

52 Distress iv 182

52 Crim. Proc. p - vi 279

75 Same - rrr - vi 821

90 Game t_ .# - vii 262

90 Vagrants viii 298

91 Justices of Peace - vii 490

92 Distress iv 183

91 County Rate vii 154

99 Clergy i 124

101 Original Writ, dec. iii 174

115 Servants viii 244

117 King’s Debts iv 263

122 Servants tf(ltM, f viii 245

126 Riot, Ac. c. - T - v 280

LVIII. 1 Crim. Proc. vi vii iii vi ii ▼ 250 417 GO 250 149 194

2 Hi ah urn vi -

5 Attornies *

6 Crim. Proc.

7 Trade 9

14 Coin

15 Trade ii 149 150

19 Same ii

20 Same Ii 150

26 Same ii 150

27 Same *, ii 150

20 Inferior Courts iv 115

21 Courts, Ac iii 22

24 Trade ii 150

25 Rivers - viii 107

37 Coin -, V 194

38 Trade . ii 150

29 Leases i 300

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE.

cui

Year.

LVIII. GEO. 3.

LIX,

Cap.or No.

Subject.

cap. 42 43 Land Revenae

Fish

Highways *

45 Clergy

46 47 51 Real Estates - -

Poor *

Coin *

56 GO 61 62 63 67 68 Trade *

Coin

Trade *

Same *

Same

Highways

70 72 75 76 80 81 82 Larceny, &c - -

Trade .

Game

Trade *

Stock

Execntors *

Sales *

83 Trade *

84 89 01 93 94 95 99 100 5 Marriage

Trade

Mortmain

Bills of Exchange -

Trade - t

Coroner

Land Revenue .•

Same

Trade - t

6 Same .• - -

7 Same *

11 Attornies *

12 Poor

14 Trade *

18 Same *

23 24 25 27 28 30 35 38 40 44 45 46 49 50 55 Coin *

Same T It - .,

Trade

Crim. Proc.

Sessions

Highways *

Juries, Ac. c. - tT(-

Trade

Clenrv *

VBVI M Crim. Proc. t.

Same

Same -

Coin *

Poor -

Trade f -

58 Same

KQ Seamen -

AA Clerflrv

W 81 VICT Gaols .

Oi Act Savinir Banks - , a(#(

OJ Ai Warden •m •<

U4 66

YoL

i 551

vii 187

▼ii 418

i 148

i 247

viii 141

▼ 104

ii 152

V 195

ii 152

ii 153

ii 153

▼ii 418

vi 311

▼1 42

ii 153

▼ii 265

ii 153

ii 341

ii 366

ii 367

ii 153

i 165

ii 153

i 334

ii 262

ii 153

iv 317

i 552

i 558

ii 154

ii 154

ii 154

lit 60

viii 141

ii 154

ii 154

Y 195

V 195

ii 154

vi 279

viii 252

vii 418

Hi 281

ii 154

i 148

vl 280

vi 281

vi 281

V 195

viii 154

ii 154

ii 155

ii 158

i 148

vii 309

ii 867

iv 319

viii 246

cxili

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE.

Ytir.

Cap.or No.| Subject VoL

fiinH Revenue - i

70 73 74 Duelling ▼

Trade ii

ii

75 77 Same •. ii

Same ii

79 80 81 Same ii

Fines, &c« Mortmain i &

84 86 91 92 93 Highways vii

Land Revenue i

Mortmain, &c. i

Justices of Peare - ▼ii

Attornies iii

94 Land Revenue i

95 Poor viii

96 Crim.Proo. vi

97 Same - vi

98 Trade . ii

99 Coin V

100 Gaols vii

101 109 Crim. Proc vi

Game - vii ii

103 107 108 109 Trade *

Same ii

Same ii

Same ii

110 Same ii

112 Same . ii

113 121 122 Same - r r ii ii

Same *

Same . ii il

123 124 125 126 Same -

Same ii

Same .* ii

Same ii

127 Lunatics •», . vii

Friendly Societies ., vii

129 ISO 134 135 136 137 lit Original Writ, dee. - iii

Same # iii

Clervv

v, v‘ft J Highways vii

Crim. Proc* vi

Poor viii

H rid tre a vii viii

149 .GEO. 4. pan 1 Seditious Meetings

Q Same «* - .• viii

m 4 CHn>. Proc. vi viii viii vi vi

K Servants

O A Seditions Meetings -

O 8 9 10 Libels, dec.

Same *• -

Attornies iii

14 Inferior Courts •« *., iv iii

3 Original Writ, Ac. c.

A State Coaches viii ii

% ft Stock *

• Clerav itiiittiiitMMMMi i

' 1

LIX. GEO.

I. GEORGE 4 -

rr

209

158 168

159 169 159 449 338 418 579 341 491

61

683

155

28L

282

159

195

314

312

266

159

159

159 169

160 160 160 160 160 160 160 160 161 541 212 175 175

149 418 SIS 155

115

167

169

284

247

171

208

210 61

116 175 270 341

150

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE.

mtrnlli

Tear. j Cap. or No. Subject. Yol.

X. OEO.4. cap. 8 Trade 11 101

9 Same ii 101

11 Same ii 162

12 Same 11 162

14 [Same - 11 162

15 Same ii 103

21 Jnriea, &o. Hi 281

25 Trade a 168

20 Same a 163

28 Coroner iv 818

29 Friendly Societies ▼ii 216

82 Trade a 163

88 Same a 163

84 Same a 163

85 Attornles hi 61

87 vii ISO

89 Trade ii 163

40 Titlies - i 270

41 Leases 1 404

48 Trade ii 163

47 Seditious Meetings viii 181

49 Poor via 155

52 Trade a 164

58 n 164

54 Same a 104

55 Juries, Ore. ill 282

50 ▼ii 77

57 Crim. Proc. Vi 321

59 Trade ii 164

64 ii 164

60 vii 492

07 Trade ii 164

08 iii 22

69 Trade it 165

70 vu 418

71 Land Revenue i 585

76 Trade ii 165

80 a 165

82 Same ii 165

87 Leases i 405

90 Crim. Proc* ▼1 285

92 Forgery vi 120

98 Servants viii 248

95 Highways vii 419

97 Original Writ, Ac. c. iu 175

98 Lunatics va 543

101 i 160

102 Larceny, Ac. c. •« -, vi 48

108 Trade ii 105

107 Ri 23

112 Trade ii 165

118 Same a 165

114 Land Revenue - i 594

115 vi 322

110 vi 324

117 vi 318

119 Original Writ, Ac. c. m 175

I A II. tf o Crim.Proc. - Vi 319

15 i 356

10 ai 23

cxxlr

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE,

Yeu.

I. ii II. GEO. 4.

Csp.or No.

III. GEORGE 4.

IV.

Subject

VoL T* P»gc

cap. 23 OQ Vnrlosnre - -

Corporations

AO Q1 T.and Revenue *

«Q Annrentices -

qc SBMioni - -

Aft

40 Aft Attnrniea -

Trade •* - -

4V KA

WW 51

e<) Land Revenue -

04 K9

09 56

Intfirp* nf Pparfi -

09 64 VflgrnnU *

73 Stock *

75 76 Trade -

Same

7ft Hill* nf K.vrhanffP -

1 o 85 Conn tv Rate -

88

92 93 Mortmain, &c.

Real Estates

90 Trade .

1X4 1 IQ I nfanta. &c. - - •.

lustices of Peace -

A AO 10 16 v UOlIvv wi v"vv " • Courts of Law - -

Attornies

o* Inst ires of Peace

29 TloKtnr and Creditor -

09 41 Trade .

42 43 44 45 47 55 69 70 71 72 75 77 78 87 Same -

Same - v - , .

Same

Same - *•

Usury

Justices of Peace -

Courts of Law

Bills of Exchange •.

Cattle, -

Churches -

Marriage -

Alehouses -

Land Revenue -

Courts of Law

92 Annuities -

95 Stage Coaches - t(- Ttt -

110 Smoffalinsr

116 Deeds rT

123 Insolvent Debtors

126 Highways

1 2 5 Trade Marriages

18 Crown Property f -

23 Justices of Peace -

24 Trade

25 Same

27 1 29 Justices of Peace

Apprentices -

I Ii Swearing

i 309

i 189

i 597

vis 75

▼Hi 253

iil 284

Hi 74

ii 165

vii 91

ii 290

i 597

iii 23

viii 155

vii 492

viii 299

ii 341

ii 168

ii 181

ii 263

vii 155

vi 1G4

i 843

i 249

ii 189

i 357

vii 492

iii 285

iii 76

vii 509

iii 339 a

ii 189 a

ii 190

ii 196

ii 234

ii 214

ii 291

vii 509 b

iii 76a

ii 263

vii 121 b

i 150

i 167

vii 31a

i 605

Ui 285 a

u 806

viii 271

ii 221

i 254

iii 193

vii 419

ii 221

i 167 /

i 607

vii 509

ii 221*5

ii 22143

vii 609 t

vii 75

viii 274 a

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE.

enf

Year.

IV. GEO.4.

Cap.or No. Subject. Vol.

ffp.U Servants viii

* 36 Leases i

37 Estreats it

41 Trade . .T - ii

46 Crim. Proc T, #f, ttt - vi

97 Courts (Scotland) iv

47 Crim. Proc. - 1 vi

48 Same vi

49 Turnpike Roads vii

50 Larceny vi

52 Felo de' se vi

54 Crim. Proc. vi

61 64 Court of Chancery (Ireland) Building Gaols iv vii

67 Marriage i

70 73 Court of Exchequer (Ireland) Injuries to Property iv ill

76 Marriage i

80 Trade ii

83 Same ii

84 Same rt - ii

87 Unlawful Oaths v

88 Trade ii

89 Courts of Law t. iii

91 Marriage I

95 Turnpike Roads tt - vii

97 98 Courts of Law (Scotland) - Confirmations iii u

99 Tithes i

4 Courts of Law iii

12 Building Gaols M - vii

16 18 Court of Exchequer (Ireland) Penalties-—Constables iv vii

27 28 Irish Ecclesiastical Courts Constables (Ireland) iv vii

30 30 32 Stealing Deeds # iii

Same (Ireland) vi

Marriage i

48 51 Laud Revenue - i

Fisheries ii

53 Public Funds Ii I ii

63 64 68 69 71 73 74 78 83 Tithes t

Fisheries -

Marriaffe i vii vii it

Hi ah wavs

Lunatica .

Trade

Weights and Measures Land Revenue - vUi i

Vifrinti - viii

si Pfim PfOC« a e vi vii ii |

w ax Bnildina Gaols -

w DO Fast IndiaComoanv

DO 89

91 Clerav I

94 .Evidence . - iii viii vi

w 97 98 Artificers

Bankrupt Laws MM iv

102 Justices of Peace ▼ii

Page.

351 407 a 213 221*40 325 289 a 319 a

828 t

469 n 329 235 a 830 317 315 167/

856 866 167 g 221-64 221-75 221-70 142 a 221-82 305 a 167 o 469 n 36 367 276

35 348 378 509

289 e 181

36 6 49

167 a 607 a 221-86 341 a 276//

221-90 167 P 469 xx 543 221-94 327 a 607 m 299 319 e

352 22197 150 q 150 u 292 2516 188 a 396 609 p

ttivi

.CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE.

Year.

Cap.or No. Subject. 1

capl06 Great Sessions (Wales) - »

107 Stoien Goods *

111 Crown Debts *•*.

113 Slave Trade

114

4

8 Clergy

12 Weights and Measures -

16

17 Land Revenue* &c. - *

21 Justice of Peace

22 Juries

23 Courts (Scotland) .i -

24 Courts (Scotland) .

25

30 Court of Chancery (Ireland)

40 County Rates

42

43 Distresses (Ireland)

47 50

51

53

54

55

57

59 Piracy

60 Court of Exchequer (Ireland)

67 78

74

76

78

79 01

Vi 92

93 94 Rplls Court

97

105 106

107

108 Smuggling

109 110 Shipping

111

112 Warehousing Goods

113

114 Trade

115 Trade (Isle of Man)

110

120

125

126 Injuries to Persons # .* -

129 Combination of Workmen -

131 Trade

o

g

14

Vol.

Page.

0 *

.6S

V, GEO. 4.

VL

VII.

iv

vi

iv

vi

ii ▼ i

viii

iv

i

vii

iii

iv iv

vi iv vii

ii iv

v

iii iii

i

vii

iii

viii

vi

iv

i

ii

i

ii vi ii ii

i

iv

ii iv ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii

ii

iii ii v

viii

ii

ii

ii

iii

88 49 205 162 a 249 142 a 150 U S27m 424 607 P 509 U 285 6 117 117 519 A 579

509* 221-97 185 142

285 g" 285* A 558 545 195 157 135

588

19

821*1 Of 358 *

221-U* 168 a 221-1U 221-121 167 9 590 221-12* 88* 221-127 221-176 221-190 221*225 221-255 221-258 221-276 221-276 221-286 221-286 221*09

221-215 35* 221-219 209 251 221 221 265 285

vii I 545

m

-552

552

a

oo



CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE *

•mil

tar.

VII. GEO* 4 *

VII. VIII. (

1X4,

Cap.or No.

cap.lft IT 18 20 88

84

85 80 88

41

42 48 45 40 48 51

54

57

50

60.

0! 08

04

05

07

74

75

77

78 15

17

18 20 25

27

28 29 80 81

H 88 89 45 48

51

58

55 50 69 GO 00 67

08 09

71

72 9

14

15

Subject

Tithes - 1 - 1 - > <».

County Palatine of Durham . Prisons -

Subletting 9 -

Stage Coaches.

Trade -

Greenwich Hospital Inferior Courts (Ireland) . •.

Crim. Proc.

Inferior Courts (Ireland) .

Trespass (Ireland) -

Conveyances -

Real Estates -

Bankers -

Customs - -

Land Revenue -

Aliens -

Insolvent Debtors -

Seimen'iWiMi -

Destruction of Houses (Ite-1

land) - - f

Inferior Courts (Ireland) .

County Buildings - 4.

Grim. Pro© -

Alehouses -

Bankers (Scotland) - «• Prisons (Ireland)., - *• - Annuities.* - . *• - Land Revenue - *.

Land Revenue > -

Bills of Exchange 4 - -

Distresses (Ireland) -

Spring Guns -

Bankrupts (Scotland). «.

Clergy -

Criminal Statutes -

Crim.Proc.

Larceny -

Injuries to Property - ,

Huodredors -

Destruction of Houses (Ireland) - -

Constable! -

Carriers - -

Articles of Clerkship -

Alehouses -

Court of Exchequer (Ireland)

Excise -

Board Stamps -

Customs -

Inferior Courts (Ireland) -

Tithes - -

Cemeteries

Sessions -

Land Revenue -

Distresses (Ireland). *. •.

Arrest -

Building Churches -

Sessions - •.

Statute of Limitations Evidence f v.'t

Vol. Pa*«.

1 270 90

iv 88 A

vii 860 A

1 407 a

viii 271/

ii 221*852

1 858 A

iv 117 g

vi 287

iv 117 s

iv 185

i 858

i 254

it 221*852

ii 22L-8G1

i 007 s

1 20

ui 198 m

ii 221-870

V 281

iv 117/

Hi 85 s

vi 249a

vii 31 m

ii 221-370

vii 850 A

ii 300 6

i 607 tf

i 007 u

ii 263 c

iv 185 g

vii 268

iv 461

i 150 *

vi 49 a

vi 249/

vi 49/

V 285

iv 216

V 294

vii 131 d

vii 121

Hi 76 6

vii SL n

iv, 891

ii 221*381

ii 221-427

i 221-431

iv 117m

i 270 rr

i 150 x x

viii 255 a

i 607 u

iv 185

iii 193 g

150 6 66

ViU 255/

iii 244 a

UK 292 0

Digit zed by VaO<

°°gl

cxxviil

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE.

Year.

IX. GEO. 4.

X.

C.p.or No. Subjeet.

cap. 21 24 Navigation *

Bills of Exchange

24 Same

26 Hornings (Scotland)

29 Law Courts

SI 32 Offences against the Person - Evidence

84 Lunatics *

37 Trade ,

39 Fisheries -

40 41 Lunatic Asylums -

Lunatics

42 43 40 Building Churches

Divisions of Counties

Hotels

47 49 53 54 55 66 58 61 63 65 68 69 70 76 77 7ft Trade

Articles of Clerkship - Crim. Proc

Same

Larceny (Ireland)

Injuries to Property (Ireland) Alehouses *

Alehouses

Constables (Ireland) T

Promissory Notes

Brewers

Game

Land Revenue -

Customs

Turnpike Roads

Lunatics, &c. - .•

1 o 81 Promissory Notes

84 Slave Trade -

OK Charity Lands -

09 86 Pilotage

Oft Savings' Banks

(M

ft

0 0 Mutiny •.

I o

o a

V 10 12 Disembodied Militia t Indemnity Act.*• .

13 18 29 34 85 38 44 45 Highways

Lunatics t.

Disembodied Militia tt

Offences against the Person Arrest

Murder (Scotland) ,

Police

Justice of the Peace - -

46 50 Divisions of Counties Land Revenne, -

51 iSft Children, Cotton Mills Masters and Servants -

Ecclesiastical Courts .

09 55 56 Inferior Courts (Scotland) - Friendly Societies .•

•HI 61 Land Revenue «».

VoL Page.

ii 221-440

ii 221-440

ii 263 e

iii 76 e

iii 35 5 6

V 209

iii 292 5

vii 545

ii 221-446

ii 221-446

vii 545

vii 545

i 150 ccc

vii 158

vii 31 a

ii 221-446

iii 76 d

vl 249 a

vi 249 x

vi 49 dd

V 295

vii 810

vii 31P

vii 131 e

ii 221-446

vii *1//

vii 268 a

i 007 eee

ii 221-447

Tii 469 xx

i 358 4

ii 263 4

vi 162 ppp

I 348 a

ii 221-456

ii 367

i 150///

viii 390

viii 348

V 59 a

viii 485

viii 378

viii 380

viii 344

vii 469cc c

vii 561

viii 380

V 2094

iii 193 m

V 209

vii 509 p p

vii 509 44 A

Iv 117 r

i 608

viii 25 lx

viii 251 y

iv 289 e

iv 117 t

vii 216 a

I 652

REPEALED STATUTES

[Note.—The following List contains all the Statutes repealed since the last Edition of this work. Those repealed previously are, in general, noticed in the body of the Work, or referred to in the Index, under the respective Titles to which they relate.]

I. Miscellaneous (Chronologically arranged).

II. Warehousing Goods.

III. Weights and Measures.

IV. Bankrupt Laws.

V. Turnpikes.

VI. Alehouses.

VII. Hospitals.

Chelsea.

Greenwich.

Kilm&inh&m.

VIII. Lunatics and Lunatic Asylums.

IX. Saying Banks.

X. Friendly Societies.

XI. Watermen and Lightermen (River Thames).

XII. Combinations of Workmen.

XIII. Government Life Annuities.

XIV. Elections of Members of Parliament.

XV. Juries and Jurors.

XVI. Custom Laws.

XVII. Excise on Spirits.

XVIII. Cards and Dice.

XIX. Land Revenue of the Crown.

XX. Gaols and Houses of Correction.

XXI. Capital Punishments.

XXII. Bailing suspected Felons. Apprehension of Felons.

XXIII. Larceny.

Malicious Injuries to Property.

Remedies against the Hundred.

XXIV. Offences against the Person.

Stalutet relating to Ireland.

XXV. Miscellaneous.

XXVI. Divisions of Parishes. Chapels of Ease. Perpetual Cures.

XXVII. Churches and Church Rates.

XXVIII. Assessed Taxes.

XXIX. Linen and Hempen Manufacture.

XXX. Bail in Cases of Felony. Criminal Proceedings. Larceny.

Malicious Injuries to Property.

XXXI. Offences against the Person.

(CM*)

I. MISCELLANEOUS.

STATUTES REPEALED,

RELATING TO

REPEALED BY

33 H. 8. (I.) (in part)

Electors in Ireland -

10 G. 4. c.8. '

1 Sess. 1 Pari. Car. 2. 13 C. 2. c. 2. st. 2. c. 1.

(in part) -

22 A 23 C. 2* c. 5/s. 10. 25 C. 2. c. 1. (in part)

i

2 W. AM.Ses*. l.c, 9.

3 W. A M.c, 12. (Id part)

4 Sess. 1 Pari. W. A M. 5&6 W. & M. c. 10. s. 10.

Scottish Linen Yarn - Qualifications for 00-1

cers, Ac - J

Penalty on Private \ Brewing - J

Importation of Silk - / Rates of the Carriage 1 1 of Goods , .• J

Lioeu Cloth -

Orphans* Fund -

4G.4. c.40. s. 1. 9G.4. c. 17.

5G.4. c. 54. s. 18.

6G.4. e.29. 7&8G.4. c.30.

4G.4. O.40..1. 6G.4. c. 104. s.18.

7A8W.3. c. 22. s. 17-19. 8&9JV.3. c.3.(3.)(in|

10A 11 W\ 3/c. 25.#! .*. 4XXAnn. c. 14

7 Ann. c. 19. •« -

8 Ann. (1.) .•

8 Ann. c. 16. (in part).

9 Aun. c. 12, s, 2* (1.) •,

10 Ann. c. 21 ssi P 12 Ann. st. 2, c. 20

2 G. 1. (I.) c. 14.

4 G.!. c. 11. (in part).

5 G. l. c. 27 -

6 G, 1. c. 18. s. 1*12. - 6 G. l. c. 18. s.18-20.

6 G. 1. c. 23. (in part) 8G. 1. c. 17 -

10 G. 1. (I.) c. 6, 7. - 10 G. 1. c. 10. s. 2 -

13G.1, C. 26.

4G.2.C. 10 -

4G.2.C. 14. s. 12.



9 G. 2. c. 25.

9 G, 2. c. 37. (in part)

Registering of Ships - Roman Catholics, Newfoundland Trade - Church Briefs

/ Enabling Infants to 1 1 convey Estates, / Promissory Notes

Presentment of Crimes

{Uniting Parishes A1 building Churches J Scottish Linen Cloth - Same -

! Disappropriating

Benefices -

Transportation of Offenders - Artificers going Abroad Marine Insurance - Assurance of Ships, &c. J Transportation of

1 Offenders -

f Relief of Ship-< wreckedMarinere,

(. Ac. c. in Portugal - f Disappropriating

1 Benefices -

Duty on Chocolate (Scottish Linen and Hempen Manu< factures .,

i Enabling Idiots andl < Lunatics to make > (Conveyances., - J

Cocoa Nut Shells -

f Relief of Ship- *) < wrecked Mari- > (. ners, Ac. c. in Spain J Stamping Sail Cloth •.

l

4G.4. c.41. (.1.

10 G. 4. c.7. *.8.

6G.4. e.61. «.l.

9G.4. c. 42.

0G.4. c.74. (.1.

9G.4. c.H.

9G.4. c. 29, (.5.

10G.4. c.&8.

4G.4. c.40. *.l.

4 G. 4. c. 40* l« 1.

7 G. 4. c.73. c.1. 5G.4. c.84. 1.39.

5 G. 4. c. 97.

5 G. 4. c. 114. i> 1. 6G.4. c.9l. i.l.

5G.4. c.84. 6.30.

0G.4. c.87. a. 16.

7 G. 4. c.73. . 1. 4G.4. c.69. 6.28.

4G 4. *40, 6.1.

6G.4. c.74. 6.1. 4G.4. c.«9. 6.28. 6G.4. c.87. 8.16. 10 G. 4. c.43, 8.9.

REPEALED STATUTES.

cmt

statutes repealed.

RELATING TO

mpialid by

10 G. 2. c« 14.

15 G. 2. c. 31, s. Xr5 i ts

16G. 2.C.15.

16 G. 2. c. 30. (in pvt)

17 G. 2. c. 80. - ».

18 G. 2. c. 18. (in port) 18 G. 2, c. 24.

19 G. 2. c, 21* 9.13.

21 G. 2. (I.) e. 14. (Ini

P»rt)'«* - /

21 G. 2.o. 28 -

23G.2.C. 13.8.1, 2 -

24 G. 2. c.31.

26G.2.C. 18 -

26 G. 2. c. 33.

27 G. 2. c, 9.

Relief of Ship* 1 wrecked Mariner* > . at Leghorn - - J

Registry of Ship* -

f Conviction of Offender* found at large after Trans *

, portation Qualifications for Offices and Em *

- ployments -

7 Counterfeiting I Stamps to Linens

Elections -

/Exportation of Bri-1

1 tish Linens - /

(Reading of 19 G. 2.)1 c. 21. Four Times ! a Year in Churches Disappropriating Benefices -

Rates of the Carriage of Goods - Seducing Artificers

Abroad -

Exportation of Bri* tish Linens

Levant Trade -

Clandestine Marriages ^Ecut India Mutiny

6G.4. c.87. s.16. 4G.4. c.41. s. 1.

50.4. c.84. *.29.

9G.4, c.17,

4G. 4. c. 49. s.l. 7G.4. c.56. s. 1.

4 G. 4. c. 40. s. 1.

4 G. 4. e.31. 9.1.

7 G. 4. c. 73, *. 1. 7A8G.4. c.39, 5G.4. c.97.

4 G.4. c.40. 9.1.

6G.4. c. 33. s. 3. 4G.4. c.76. s.l.

4G.4. c.8l. *.74.

1 G. 3. e. 14 -

4 G. 3. c. 16.

5 G. 3. c. 15. 9.11. 22.1 (I.) 13 & 14 G. 3. c. > 20. s. 1.7. (1.) - 3

8 G* 3. c« 15. MM* -

9 G. 3. c. 20.

10 G. 3. e. 43 -

12 G. 3. c.50,

13 G. 3. c. 51. i. 1, 2. - 13 G. 3. c. 68. s. 1-5.

14G. 3. c. 49.

15 G. 3. c. 31. s. 2. 7.1

12-14.17, 18 - J

16 G. 3. c. 24 -

16 G.3. c. 49. (in part) 19G. 3. C.15 -

22 G. 3. c. 60. s. 1, 2. •.

24 G. 3. sess. 1. c. 6, (ini

part) - J

25 G.3. (I.) (in part,) - 25 G. 3. c. 51 - - 25 G. 3. c. 61. (in part) 25 G. 3. (I.) On PMt)

3

iPunishment of Offences in India Enabling Infants conrey EiUtes

Lighting, Ac. c. Cities, Ac. c. in Ireland -

/Transportation of 1 Offenders." - ,

Shire Halls -

Duty on Straw Hats, Ac. c. " Import Duty on Oak J

nits In JVcdes -



u\

i

/Wages of Silk Manu-1 I I facturers J |

Insane Persons,

Fisheries -

Greenwich Hospital - I

Widows Pensions

Insane Persons -

{Seducing Artificers 1 Abroad - J

Postage in Ireland

Recovery of Small Debts Post Horse Duties -

StageCoaches -

Recovery of Small Debts

4G.4. c. 81. s. 74, 8G.4. c.74. s.l.

9G.4. c. 82.

5G.4. c.84. s.29,

7G.4. c.63. s.l.

4G.4. c.69. s, 37.

4G.4. e.69. a. 18.

5G.4. c. 106. s. 19, 20.;

5G.4. c. 66.

9G.4. c.41.

5G.4. C.51. s.)•

10G.4. c.25.

10G.4. c.14.

9G.4. c.41.

5G.4. c.97.

7 A8G.4. c.2L s. 19.

7 G.4. c.41. s. I.

4G.4, c.62. s.l.

7G.4. c.3S. s. 1. 7G.4. c.41. s.l.

Cxxxii

REPEALED STATUTES,

STATUTES REPEALED.

25 G. 3. c. 54. s. 3. (I.)

25 G. 3. c. 67. s. 6, .7.,

25 G. 3. c. 84. (in part)

26G. 3. C.26.

26 G. 3. c. 30 - .«•

26 G. 3. c.31. •« 18. MM

26 G. 3. c. 91 -

26G. 3. C. 100.

26 G. 3. (I.) -

27 G.3. c. 19. s. 1, 2. 4.1

6.8, 9. - J

27 G. 3. (I.) (in part) .

28G.3. C. J7 -

28 G. 3. c. 24. (in part)

28 G. 3. c. 34. s. 13, 14.

29 G.3. c. 26. . .* -

29 G. 3. c. 53 -

31 G. 3. c. 46. (in part)

32G.3. c. 44.

32 G. 3. c. 45. s. 4 -

34 G. 3. C.15. (in part)

34 G. 3sC. 68. s. 18*22. •«

36 G, 3. c. 32 -

36 G. 3. C.51. (1.) -

37 G. 3. c. 73. i. 4. . •.

37 G.3. c. 142.

38 G. 3. c. 24. (I.) -

39 G. 3. c. 32. (1.) -

39 G.3. c. 49. s. 2 -

39G.3. c.56.

39 G. 3. c. 110 -

39 & 40 G. 3. c. 9* -

39 & 40 G. 3. c. 46 -

39 A 40 G. 3. c. 56 -

39 A 40 G. 3. c.66 -

39 A 40 G. 3. c.79. (ini part) - /

39 A 40 G. 3. c. 79. s.8.

39 A*40 G. 3*c. 106 -

40 G. 3. (I.) -

41 G.3. c, 38. (U, K.) .

RELATING TO REPEALED BY

f Exportation of Tools,

) Ac. c. used in Manu-(factures -

Polls at Elections -

Seamen’s Wages -

f Encouragement of 1 1 Shipping, Ac - J J Accounts of National 1

\ Debt - J

Insane Persons -

Poor of East Greenwich Promissory Notes - , .

Registry of Ships -

Recovery of Small Debts

Ounce Thread -

f Transportation of 1 I Offenders, Ac. c. - J

Registry of Ships -

Post Horse Duties -

Fisheries -

Regulation, Ac. c.of Gaols Wages of Silk Manufacturers -

Passing of Discharged Rogues and Vagabonds

Excise Duties -

Registry of Ships -

{Relief of lufant 1 Suitors in Equity J Lighting Cities in ‘

Ireland -

Apprentices to Merchant Ships -

Allowances to India Judges retiring.

(Hass Bottles -

Duties on Sweets, Ac -

Bail -

Seducing of Colliers .

Judges' Salaries -

' Disputes between 1 Masters and >

Workmen -)

Recovery of Small 1 Debts in Scotlandj

' ntailed Estates -

Damaging Hides, Ac. c. - f Administration of < Justice in the East >

t Indies - J

! Allowances to India)

Judges retiring - f Combinations of \

Workmen - J

Butter Trade in Ireland

{Combinations of Workmen

5G.4. c.97.

9 G.4. c.59. s.4. 5(3.4. c.51. s. 1.

4G.4. c.41. s.l.

4G.4. c.19. (.10.

9G.4. c.41.

9G.4. c. 43.

9G. 4. c. 24.

4G.4. c.41. s.l.

7G.4. c.41. s.l. 7&8G.4. c.9.

5 G.4. c.84. s.29.

4G.4. c.41. (• 1.

4 G.4. c.62. s. 1.

5 G. 4. c. 51. (.1. 5G.4. c.84. (.29.

5 G.4. c.66.

5 G.4. c. 83. (.2.

7 G.4. c.49. (.3. 4G.4. c.41. s.l.

6 G.4. c.74. (.1. 9G.4. c. 82.

4G.4. c.25. s.l.

4G.4. c. 71. (.14.

9G 4. c. 48. s.6. 6G.4. c.37. (.8. 6G.4. c.47. (.2. 5G.4. c.97.

6G.4. c.84. s.l.

5 G. 4. c. 96. (. 1.

6G.4. c. 48. (.1,

7 G, 4. c. 56.

5G.4. c. 57.

9 G.4. c.74. (.126. 4G.4. c.71. (.14.

5G-4. c. 96. s.l. 9G.4. c. 88.

5 G. 4. c.96, s. 1.

REPEALED STATUTES,

cxxxUi

STATUTES REPEALED.

42 G. 3. c. 63. s. 10.

42 G. 3. c. 93. (in part)

43 G. 3. c. 5. (in part) .

43G. 3. c. 15. aa -

43 G.3. c. 56.

I 43G.3. c. 151. - *

G. 3. c. 54. (in part). j 44G.3. c. 55. .

G.3. c.98.

44G.3. c.98. 46G.3. c. 138. 8.3. (ini


47 G. 3. si. 1. c. 42. (1).

43 G. 3. c. 55. Schedule 1 A.B. C -

48G.3. c.55.

48G.3. c.62# -

RELATING TO

48G.3.

18G.3.

49G.3.

49G.3.

49G.3.

49 G. 3.

50 G. 3.

50 G. 3. 50G.3. 50 G. 3. 50 G. 3.

50G.3.

50G.3.

51G. 3.

51G.3. 51G. 3.

c. 70 -

c. 143 -

c. 27. (in part),

c. 35 -

Ca 41a Ca 127a a aa a.a a

C. 27a •«• »tM a

c. 48. (in part).

c. 103 -

c. 104 -

c. 104. (No. 2.).

Ca 112a «« a a. a a a .

c. 176. (in part)

Post Office Duties . - #.

Excise Duties -

Arrests in Ireland -

! Transportation of £ Offenders - >

Passengers r Combinations of 1

' Workmen - J

J Yeomanry, Cavalry, 1 1 and Volunteers .# j Alehouses in Scotland .

SSch. D. Post Horse >

Duties - J

Receipt Stamps -

Excise Duties -

{Lighting Towns ini Ireland - J

Assessed Taxes -

C. 7a

Ca 58a Mi.MtiM Ca 69a §a 6a 34a a a

52 Ga 3a c, 1 la a a a a a a

52G. 3. C. 18.

52 G. 3* Ca 32* a«M(»MM

52 G.3a C.39. a* a a a 52 G.3. c. 93. Schedule! C.&D - /

52G.3. c.93. Schedulel C. No. 2.

?}

rh. C. No. 2. Win dow Duties: Sch,

D. Taxed Carts; Sch.F. Husbandry Horses, &c - ! Duties on Glass But- { ties in Ireland - J Registry of Prize Ships Alehouses in Scotland•

iCourts of Judicature! lu Newfoundland J

idows* Pensions -

Registry of Prize Ships

Judges' Salaries -

Wages of Silk Manu-)facturers >

Stage Coaches -

Prisons -

Taxed Carts -

Assessed Taxes -

4 Courts of Session in 1

I Scotland - J

Excise Duties -

O; es of Silk Manucturera -

late -

Excise duty on Glass •, {Regulations in Of-i fices of the House|

(of Commons - Duty on Oak Bark - ' f Relief of Infant Sui-1 ! tors in Equity - J Regulation of Pilots •.

Assessed Taxes .

? Assessed Taxes Male Servants. Husbandry Hoi &c -

on)

TO

REPEALED BY

6 G.4. c.68. s. 10.

7 G. 4. c. 49. 8.3a 10 G. 4. c. 35.

5 G. 4a Ca 84a Sa 29a 4G. 4. c. 84. 8.1.

5 G. 4. c. 96. s. 1.

7 G. 4. c. 58. s. 1.

9 G. 4. c. 58.

4 G. 4. c. 62. s. 1.

9 G. 4. c. 27.

7 G. 4. c. 49. s. 3.

9 G. 4. c. 82.

6 G. 4. c. 7. s. 1, 5.

4 G. 4. c. 11. a. 1.

9 G. 4a C. 48a I. 6a

4 G. 4. c. 41. s. 1.

9 G. 4. c. 58.

6 G. 4. c. 59. s.9.

10 G. 4. c. 14.

4 G. 4. c. 41. s. 1.

6 G. 4. c. 84. s. la

5 G. 4. e. 66,

9 G. 4. c. 49. s. 16.

7 G. 4. c. 74. s. 1.

4 G. 4. c. 11. s. 1.

6 G. 4. c. 7; s. 1.

6 G. 4. c. 120. s. 1.

7 G. 4. c. 49. s. 3.

5 G. 4a Ca 66,

4 G. 4. c. 69. s. 28. 6G.4. c. 117. s. 1-8.

6 G. 4* c. 123. Sa 3.

4G. 4. c. 69. s. 18.

6 G. 4. c. 74. s. L 6 G. 4. c. 125. s. 1.

6 Ga 4a C» 7a Sa la

4 Gt 4# c* lit i« 1«

VOL. u

nui r

REPEALED STATUTES

STATUTES REPEALED.

52 G. 3. c. 134. (in part) 52G.3. c. 158. if* mm» *

&3G.3. e.35,

53G.3. c.36« -

53G.3. c.46 -

53-G.3. c.64.

53 G. 3. c. 155 -

53 G. 3. c. 155. (in part) 54G.3. c.34.

54G.3. c. 126.i -

54 G. 3. c. 149. s.4.

55G.3. c.26.

55G.3. c.55. (partly) .

55 G.3. c.87 - 55G.3. c.92 - 55 G. 3. c. 100. (in part)

55 G.3. c. 103. (in part)

Scotland -

st India Trade ‘cUsioUS tu lil-f bops and Arch-? eacons in India J atioja of)in the > dies -)

55 G. 3. c. 104.

55G.3. c.116 -

55 G. 3. c. 145, (in part)

55 G. 3. c. 187. 25.

56G.3. c.39. (to part).

56G.. c.55. s.13 -

56 G. 3. c. 66.8*2. -

56 G. 3. c. 70. 8.1 -

56G.3. c. 114.

57 G. 3. c. 36. - «•«

57 G. 3. c. 39 - i

57 G.3, c.51 -

57 0.3. c.59. m "•

57 G, 3. c. 71. - ij 57 G* 3. 'c. 90.

57 G. 3. c. 105. 8. 6, 20. 57 G. 3.C. liO.

57 G.

58 G,

c. 113.

c.

8. 6, 19.

C. 17.

58 G. 3* t. w*

58G. 3. C.48 -

58G. 3. C. 100.

59 G. 3. C. 5.

RELATING TO

Baiter Trade iu Ireland

!\Relief of Infant Sui-1 k tors in Equity Redemption of National Debt -

as senders -

Butter Trade in Ireland Court of Session in Scotland East Pensions shops deacons f Administration < Justice I East Indies East India Trade (Relief of Shipwreck-)< ed Mariners in >

if Portugal -)

Trade in Spirits -

Importation of Corn .

Crown Leases -

Regulation of Pilots .

Prisons -

Stamp Duties in Ireland f Postage of Ship Let- < ters to and from

/ Ireland -)

Glass Bottles in Ireland Registry of India 1 Built Ships - J Post Office in Ireland .

(Scottish Clergy Al-1 lowauces Yeomanry, Cavalry, # and Volunteers - J Damages to Property - Husbandry Horses, Ac. c.

J Redemption of Na-)

tional Debt - j

Passengers -

East India Trade - f Friendly and Chi 1 table Societies /Marriages foundland

raae -

nd Chari- cieties - (in New-\

Post' HOrse Duties Prisons

Game -

Deposits ifc Sa vings Rank s

Passengers - *.•

, deposits inSavfngsBanks

Assessed Taxes -

Discovery of Longitude 'Anonymous Subscriptions iu Savings Banks -

Maiuteuauccof Scot, tish Clergy - Tonnage of Steam Vesi

REPEALED BY

7 & 8 G. 4. c. 61.

6 G. 4. c. 74. s. 1.

4 G. 4. c. 19. 8. 1.

4 G. 4. c. 80. s. 1.

9 G. 4. c. 88.

6 G. 4. c. 120. 8. 1. 4 G. 4. c. 71. s.2.

4 G. 4. c.

9 G. 4. c. 74. 4 G. 4. c. 80. 6 G. 4. c. 87.

L

s. 126.

8. 1.

8, 16. 8.87.

4 G. 4. c. 94.

9 G. 4. c. 60.

9 G. 4. c. 70. s. 8.

6 G. 4. c. 125. 8. 1.

7 G. 4. c. 74. s. 1.

9 G. 4. c. 49. 8. 20.

7 & 8G.4. c. 21. 8. 17.

9 G. 4. c. 48. s. 6.

4 G. 4. c. 41. 8. 1.

4 G. 4. c. 80. s. 1. 7&8G. 4. c. 21. s. 10.

5 G. 4. c. 72. 8. 7.

7 G. 4. t. 58. 6.1.

4 G. 4. c. 73.

4 G.4. c. ll. s. 1.

4 G. 4. c. 19. s. 1.

4 G. 4. c. 84. s. 1.

4 G. 4. c. 80. f. 1.

6 G. 4. c. 74. 8. 1.

5 G. 4. c. 68.

G. 4. c. 62. «. 1.

G. 4. c. 74. s. 1.

9 G. 4. c. 69.

5 G. 4. e. 62. s. 20, 24. G. 4. c. 84. t. 1.

G. 4. c. 02. 8, 29, 24. G. 4. c. 7. 8. 1.

G. 4. c. 66.

G. 4. c. 62. s. 90.

G. 4. c. 72. 8. 7.

G. 4. c. 41. 8.1.

REPEALED STATUTES.

OUT

STATUTES EBPEALED.

4 G. 4. c. 70* *» •%• •»• 3 G.4. c. 75. s. 8-26 - 3 G. 4. c«85. *.

3 G. 4. c. 85 -

•. •* -

3 G. 4. *113. s. 15.

3 G. 4. *115. (partly)., 3 G. 4. c. 123. (in port),

3 G. 4. c. 106. (partly),

4 G. 4. c. 17 - 4 G. 4. c« 19. (ia part)

4 G. 4. c.24. s. 13 -

4 G. 4. c.26 *

4 G.4. c.64

4 G.4.C. 64..2 -

4 G.4. c. 74. (in part) .

4 G. 4. c. 81. (in part)

RELATING TO

59G. 3. C.13 59 G. 3. c. 35.8.1-3.14.1 21 r 59 G. 3. c. 50 59 G. 3. c. 100 Attested Taxes *• - *• J Administration of)(Justice in Settlement of the Poor - Prisons .

59G.3. c> 104.1.14, -, 59 G. 3. c» 110. •«., . 59&.3.C* 122. Excise Duty on Glass *. Levant Company Sait India Trade -

59 G. 3. c. 133.«. 17 59 G.. c.135.8.23, 24, 1 27, 28 . / Grants for Sattieh Clergy (Nuisances on HighO < laud Roads and> / hij V

1 G. 4. c. 9. s. 1-4. 1 G. 4. c. 45. 1 G. 4* c. 83* s. 12. 8 1 G.4. *88. - C Registry of Ships at j Duties on Cottons, Ac* Deposits inSavings Banks Post Horse Duties,

1 G. 4. c. 119. (in part) 1 A 2 G. 4. c. 10. 1 A2G.4. c. 15 1 A 2 G.4. c. 38 - , ., t 1 & 2 G. 4. c. 65.8i, i, I A 2 G. 4. c. 78. (ini part) f Insolvent Debtors, Husbandry Horses - CTransfers of Stocks') ? of Lunatics itud* 5 (, Ing abroad •». .* } J Courts of Session in ? \ Scotland >

Soft India Trade T T -

/ Promissory Notes in \ \ Ireland f

1 & 2 G. 4. c. 87 1 & 2G.4. c. 192. (In 1 3 G. 4. c. 44. 8.3. - 3G. 4. c.45. 8, 2 - 3 G. 4. c. 46. s. 7. i* -, 3 G. 4. c. 51 3 G. 4. C. 53. . - fc / Average Prices of 1 1 Corn, Ac. c.

Excise Duties -

Prisons

/Trade in America A1 \ the Wat India - J Levying of Fines - jfMilitary and NavdV 1 Pensions (f - J

Roasted Corn, Ac - *

iwna.m ww.B, wv.

Importation of Coro.*• *

i Promissory Notes A \ Bills of Exchange / aniages /Challenge of Jurors 1 \ lu Scotland - / Butter Trade in Ireland C Contributions for a < Superannuation

t Fuud -

Coroners In Ireland, - Insolvent Debtors . .mi Turnpike Roads

Marriages - »

National Debt -

Warehousing Goods. •. Duties on certain Articles Gaols, &c. - I -

Same -

Turnpike Roads .

{Courts Martial In 1 the £ast India . J

m2

REPEALED BY

6 G. 4. c. 7. s.l.

6 G. 4. c. 120. s. 28, 36, 40 *

6 G. 4* c. 57. s. 1.

7 G. 4. c. 74. s. 1.

6 G. 4. c. 117. 8. I *

6 G. 4. c. 33. s. 3.

4 G. 4. c. 80. s. 1.

5 G. 4. C. 72. s. 7m

5 G. 4. c. 38. s. 6.

4 G. 4. c. 41. s. I.

4 G. 4. c 26.

5 G. 4. t. 62. 1.24. 4 G. 4. c. 62. s. 1.

7 G* 4. c* 57. s. I.

5G.4. c. 11. s.l.

6 G. 4. c. 74. s. 1.

6 G. 4» c. 120. s. 1.

4 G. 4. c. 80* s. I.

9 G. 4. c. 24.

7 A 8 G. 4. c. 58.

7 G. 4. c. 49. s. 3.

7G. 4. c. 74. s. 1.

6 G. 4. c. 73. 8. 1.

4 G. 4. c. 37. s. 2.

9 G. 4. c. 79.

6 G. 4. c. 118. s. 7.

9 G. 4. c. 60.

7G.4* o.6*8*1.

4 G. 4. c. 17. a. I.

6 G. 4. t. 22. s. 22.

9 G. 4. C, 88.

5 G*4» c. 104. •* I.

4# G.4. c. 37.

7 G. 4. c. 57. s. 1.

9 G. 4. c. 77.

4 G. 4. c. 76.8. 1.

9 G. 4. c. 90.

6 G. 4. c. 73. s. 6.

5 G. 4. c. 22. 6G.4.O.40. ». 5.

5 G. 4. c. 85. s. 9. 7&8G.4.C. 35. s. 21

9 G. 4. c. 74. s. 126.

cxxxvi

REPEALED STATUTES.

STATUTB8 REPEALED *

4 G. 4. c. 85 - *

4 G. 4. c. 94. s. 91.

4 G. 4. c. 95. (in part).

4 G. 4. c. 96 -

5G.4. c. 17 •»•

5 G.4. c.61. (in part)

5 G. 4. c.67. (in part) 5 G.4. c.73

5G. 4. c. 75. (in part). 5G.4.C.85 -

5 G.4. c. 93. s. 1. (inpart)

6G.4.C.U2 -

6 G. 4. c.24 .Mi - - 6 G. 4. c. 106. (in part). 6 G. 4. c. 107.(ln part) 6 G. 4. c. 107. (in part) . 6G.4.C. 110. (in part) . 6G.4.C. 111. (inpart) .

6G. 4. c. 114. (in part)

6G.4.C. 116 -

6G.4.C.122 -

6G.4.C.126 -

6G.4.C. 127 -

7G. 4. c. 33. (in part) .

7 G.4.C. 53. (in part) 7 G. 4. c. 76. (in part) - 7 G.4. c. 77. 8*31 -

7G.4.C.143. (inpart).

7 &8G.4.C. 15. (in part) 7, 6c 8 G. 4. c.24.(in part) 7&8»G.4. c.35 (in part) 7 It 8 G. 4. c. 58 v § m

RELATING TO

/Courts of Law ini

\ Scotland - /

Excise Duties on Spirits

Turnpike Roads -

f Administration of 1 < Justice in New > (South Wales. - I / Suppression ofAfriA \ can Slave Trade j

Insolvent Debtors -

Administration of Justice in Newfoundland -

Banking Co-part* nersbips xnlrtland Excise Duties Gaols

f Presentments by Ju- \ ries in Ireland - 'Boundaries of Manors in Ireland - Recovery of Small 1 Debts in Scotland Management of

\ Customs -

Importation of Spirits.

{Importation of Salted Beef, &c. into > Isle of Man - J

Registering Ships -

"Duties on Buck Wheat and Indian Com

Importation of Beef/ &c. into possessions in America Vessels carrying Passengers to Foreign Parts -

Linen and Hempen 1 ^Manufactures of > Ireland . -)

Murder, &c. in

land - j

rchards, &c -

Stage Coaches

Customs, Cordage 1 and Sail Cloth - f Roads to Holyhead 1 and Livet'pool - j Roads to Charing 1 Cross and Strand f 1 Roads to Regent's Park and Regent

Sh eet -

' Promissory notes ini

Ireland - 1

Turnpike Roads - f Holyhead and Liver-)\ pool Roads - (

Importation of Corn »•

REPEALED BY

6 G. 4. c. 120. s. 1.

6G.4.C. 58. s. 3.

9 G. 4. c. 77.

9 G. 4. c. 83. s. 39

5 G. 4. c. 113. s. I.

7 G. 4. c. 57. s. 1.

6 G. 4. c. 59. s. 9.

6 G. 4. c. 42. s. 1.

7 G. 4. c. 49. s. 3 *

6 G. 4. c.40. ».5.

6 G. 4.C.52. s. 1.

6 G. 4. c. 91. s. 1.

10 G. 4. c. 55.

10 G. 4. c. 43. s. 2.

10 G. 4. c. 43. s. 5.

7&8G.4.C.56. s.3. 7&8G.4. c. 56. s, 18. 9 G. 4. c. 60. s. 2.

7 & 8 G. 4. c. 56. 8. 28. 7&8G.4. c. 19.

9 G. 4. c. 62.

10 G. 4. c. 38.

7G. 4. c. 69. 8.5.

9 G. 4. c. 49. 8.17.

9G. 4. e.76. s. 12. 7&8G.4. c. 35. 8.28. 9 G. 4. c. 70. s. 5.

9 G. 4. c. 64.s. 3.

9 G. 4. c. 24.

9 G. 4. c. 77.s. 6.

9 G. 4. c. 75. s. 9.

9 G. 4.0. 60.

REPEALED STATUTES<

cxxxvii

II, Warehousing Goods—Repealed by Geo. IV. c. 23. 6. 1.

[Note.—‘The letters () and (1) indicate, "that those respective Statutes to which they are affixed, were passed by the Parliaments of Scotland or Ireland respectively.]

43 G. 3. c. 132.

45 G. 3. c. 87.

46 G. 3. c. 137. s. 1.

47 G. 3. sess. 1. c. 48.

48 G.3. c. 32; c. 120. s. 8-10; c. 126.

49 G. 3. c. 106.

50G.3. c.38.

51 G. 3. c* 47. s. 7.

52 G. 3. c. 76. s.3; c. 140; e. 149. s. 2; c. 149. s. 7-8.

55 G.3. c. 82. s. 11-14.

57 G. 3. c 116. s. 1, 2. 59 G. 3. c. 123. s. 3-5.

1 G.4. c. 59.

1 & 2 G.4. c. 97, s. 1; c. 105.

III. Weights and Measures—Repealed by 5 Geo. IV. c. 74.

s. 23.

Statutes of uncertain dates (various).

14 Ed. 3. st. 1. c. 12.21. 18 Ed. 3. st. 2. c.4.

25 Ed. 3. st. 5. c. 9, 10. 27 Ed. 3. st. 2. c. 10.

31 Ed. 3. st. 1. c. 2-5. 34 Ed. 3, e. 5.

4 R. 2. c. 1.

13 R. 2. st 1. c. 9.

15 R. 2. c. 4.

16 R. 2. c. 3.

I H.5. c. 10.

2H.6. c.ll.

8 II. 6. c. 5.

9 H. 6. c. 6.8.

II H. 6. c.8.

18 H.6. c. 17.

24 Ed. 4. c. 2.

1R.3. c. 13.

7 H. 7. c. 4. 8.

11 H. 7. c. 4.

12 H. 7. c. 5.

23 H. 8. c.4.

24 H. 8. c. 6.

12 Elia. (I.)

13 Elia. c. II. in part 23 Eliz. c. 8. in part 43 Eliz. c. 14.

16 C. I. c. 19.

12C.2. c.23. in part 22 C. 2. c. 8. 22 & 23C.2. c. 12.

1 W. & M. st 1. c.4. in part.

5 &6 W. & M. c. 7. in part 7W.3. (I.)

7 & 8 W. & M. c. 31. in

rrt

10 W. 3. c. 6.

10 & II W.3. c. 31. in part.

11 & 12 W.3. c.15. in part

1 Ann. st. 1. c. 15.21. in part.

2 Ann. (I.)

5 & 6 Ann. c. 27. in part. 9 Ann. c. 15.

10 Ann. c. 6.

1 G. 2. (I.) in part.

8 G. 2. c. 12. in part 9 G.2. (I.)

24 G. 2. c. 31. in part.

26 G. 3. (I.)

38 G. 3. c. 89. in part 43 G. 3. c. 69. in part.

IV. Bankrupt Lavs—Repealed by 5 Geo. IV. c. 98. s. 1. and 6 Geo. IV. c. 16.

34 & 35H.8. c.4.

13 Eliz. c. 7.

1 Ja. 1. c. 15.

21 Ja. 1. e. 19.

13 & 14C.2. c. 24.

10 Ann. c. 15.

7 G. 1. st 1. c« 31.

5 G. 2. c. 30.

19 G. 2. c. 32.

24 G.2. c. 57. s. 9-10.

4 G. 3. c. 33.

36 G. 3. c. 96. s. 1, 2.

37 G. 3. c. 124.

45 G. 3. c. 124. s»8.

46 G. 3. c. 135.

49 G. 3. c. 121.

56 G. 3. c. 137.

1 G. 4. c. 115.

3 G. 4. c. 74.

3 G. 4. c. 81.

Repealed by 6 G. 4. c. 16.

34 & 35 H.8. c.4.

13 Eliz. c.7.

1 Ja. 1. c. 15.

21 Ja. 1. c. 19.

.13 dc 14 C.2. c.4.

10 Ann. c. 15.

7 G. 1. c.31.

5 G. 2. c. 30.

9 G. 2. c. 32.

24 G. 2. c. 57. s. 9, 10.

4 G.3. c. 33.

36 G. 3. c. 96. in part

37 G. 3. c.124.

45 G. 3. c. 124. a. 1.

46 G. 3. c. 135.

49 G. 3. c. 121.

56 G. 3. c. 137.

1 G.4. c. 115. in part 3 G.4. c. 74; c.8l.

5 G, 4. c. 98.

cxxiviti

REPEALED STATUTES.

V. Turnpikes-—Clause* of 3 Geo. IV. c. 126. repealed by Gecu IV. c. 95.

s. 5, repealed bp s. 1. 8. 6« 8. 3. s. 8. •* 4.

8. 10 - 8. 18.

8. 19* - s. 18. s. 38. - 8. 35.

8. 34. - 8. 33.

8. 42. 8, 11.

50, repealed bp 8. 48.

53. 56.

67.

68, 77. 96.

8. 104.

•f•«• • M

b. 28, 8.51. s. 38. s. 40. s. 46. 8. 64. s. 79.

s. 105. repealed bp s. 82* 8. 122. - 8. 74 *

8. 129 - 8. 14.

8. 135. 8. 70.

8.142 -, - 8.85.

8. 145. - «.«• 8. 86. Schedule No. 2«. s. 89.

VI. Alehouses—Repealed by 9 Geo. IV. c. 61. s. 35. (except as such Acts repeal former Acts, and as to subsisting Licenses and Recognisances.)

5^6 Ed.6. c.25.

1 Ja. 1. c. 9.

4 Ja. 1. c. 4, 5,

7 Ja. 1. c. 10.

21 J. 1. c. 7.

1 C. 1. c. 4.

3 C. 1. c. 3.

VII; Hospital *

28 G. 2. c. 1. in part.

46 G. 3. c. 69.

47 G. 3. sets. 2. e. 5.

52 G. 3. e.109.

55 G. 3. c. 133. io part.

57 G. 3, c. 77. in paif.

58 G. 3. c. 74.

3 G. 4. c. 57.

5 G. 4. c. 107. in part.

9G. 2. c. 23. s. 14, 15. 5 G.3. c.46. 8.20-22.

20. 32 G. 3. c. 59.

* 4 G. 2. c. 40. s. 24. 38 G. 3. c. 54. 8.13.

26 G. 2. c. 13. b. 12. 39 G. 3. c. 86.

28 G. 2. c. 19. 6.2. 48 G.3. c. 143. s.7.10.

29 G. 2. c. 12. s. 23*24. 4 G.4. c. 125. 8.1-6.

30 G. 2. c. 24. 8. 14.

f Chelsea *1

1 Greenwich > —Repealed by 7 Gm. IV.

1 Kilmainham J C. 16. 8. 1.

Greenwich, repealed by 10 G. 4. c. 26. 8.1.

* G. 3. c. 16.

43 G. 3. c. 119.

46 G. 3. c. 100; c. 101.

47 G. 3. c. 52.

51 G. 3. c. 105.

54 G. 3. c. 110.

55 G. 3. c. 11 c. 56; c. 133.

56 G. 3. c. 101. tA

57 G. 3. c. 76.

58 G. 3. c. 64.

1 &2G.4. c. 98.

6 G. 4. c. 26.

7 G. 4. c. 35.

VIII. Lunatics and Lunatic Asylums—Repealed by

9 Geo. IV. c. 40. s. 1.

17 G. 2. c. 5. s. 20, 21. 151 G.3. c. 79.

I 65 G. 3. c. 46. 48 G. 3. c. 96. 156 G. 3. c. 117.

59 G. 3. c. 127. 5 G. 4. c. 71.

IX. Savings' Banks—Repealed by 9 Ge% IV. c. 92. s. 1.

57 G. 3. c. 105; c. 130. j 1 G. 4. c. 83. |5 G.4. c. 62.

58 G. 3. c. 48. 1

REPEALED STATUTES.

c xxxty

X. Friendly Societies—-Repealed by 10 Geo. IV. c« 56. *• I.

33 G. 3. c. 54.

35 G.3. c. 111. s. 1.

36 G. 3. c. 68. (I.)

43 G. 3. c. 111.

49 G. 3. c.58; c. 125.

159 G.3. c. 12?.

6 G. 4. c. 7\i in pqrt *

XI. Watermen and Lightermen of River Thames—Repealed by 7 & 8 Geo. IV. c. 75.

6 H.8. c. 7. 2&3P.&M. c. 16. 1 Ja. 1. c. 16.

29 C. 2. c. 7. s. 2.

11 &12 W.3. c.2l.

4XXAnn. c. 13.

12 G. 2. c. 26.

4 G« 2. c. 24. 10 G.2. c. 31.

34 G.3. c. 65.

XII. Combinations or Workmen—Repealed by 5 Geo'. JV.

c. 95. s. 1.

33 Ed. 1. st. 1: in part.

3 H. 6. c. 1.

33H.8. (.)

2 ft 3 Ed. 6. e. 15.

5 Pari. Ja. 1. (.)

7 Pari. Ja. 1.(8.)

5 Pari. M. (I.)

7 Pari. Ja. 6. (8.)

13 ft 14 C. 2. c. 15. s. 16.

36 G. 3. 111.

39 G. 3. c. 56. in part. 39 & 40 G. 3. c. 106. except s. 18-22.

43 G.3. c. 86. s. 1.4.10. 47 G. 3. st. 1. c. 43.

57 G. 3. c. 122. in part.

And all Acts relative to combinations of work, men or masters as to wages, time of working, or quantity of work.

7 G. 1. st. 1. c. 13. s. 4- Repealed by 6 G. 4. c.129.

6. sess. 1, 2.

12 G. 1. c. 34. s. 1-8. 3 H. 6. c. 1.

3 G.2. (I.) in part. 17 0.2. (I.) in part. 22 Gp 2^ c. 27. s. 12* 29 G. 2. c. 33. s. i.

3 G. 3. (I.) in part 8 G. 3. c. 17.

11 ft 12 G, 3, (I.) in part. 13 G. 3. c. 68. in part.

17 G. 3. c. 55. s.3, 4.

19 ft 20 G. 3.(1.) in part 25 G. 3. (I.) In part.

32G.3. c.44. 8.1.

33 H. 8. st 1. c. 9. (I.)

2 ft 3 Edward 6. c. 15.

5 Pari. Ja. 1. (.)

7 Pari. Ja. 1. (.)

5 Pari. M. (.)

7 Pari. Ja. 6."(.)

13 ft 14 C. 2. c. 15. s. 10.

7 G. 1. st.l. c. 13. s.4.6. 12 G. I. c. 31. s.l.8.

3 G. 2. c. 14. (I.) in pert;

17 G. 2. c! 28. (1.) in part

22 G. 2. c. 27. s. 12. in part.

29 G. 2. c. 33. s.l.

3 G. 3. c. 17. (I.) in part; c. 34. (I.) In part

8G. 3. C.17.

11 ft 12 G. 3. c. 18. (I.)s c. 33. (I.) |n part

13 G. 3. c. 68. s. 1-3.

17 G. 3. c. 55. s. 3) 4 *

19 ft 20 G. 3. c. 19. (1.) in part; c. 24. (I.) in part; c. 36 (1.) in part.

25 G. 3. c. 48. (1.) part.

32 G. 3. c. 44. s. 1.

35 G. 3. c. UK

39 G.3. c. 56. s.2.

39 ft 40 G. 3. c. 106. cept s. 18-22.

43 O. 3. c.86. s. 1-4. ft s. 10.

47 G. 3. sess. I. c. 43.

57 G. 3. c. 122. a. 3. '

5 G. 4. c. 95. s. 1.

XIII. Government Life Annuities—Repealed by 9 Geo. IV *

c. 16. s. I.

40 G. 3. c. 142. 49 G. 3. c. 64. 52 G, 3. c. 129.

56 G. 3. c. 53.

57 G. 3. o. 26.

3 G. 4. c. 9.

i 3 G. 4. c. 61. (5 G.4. c. 11. 7 G. 4. c. 39.

repealed statutes.

C(1

XIV. Elections or Members or Parliament—Repealed by 9 Geo. IV. c. 22. s. 1.

10 G. 3. c. 16. 1IG.3. c. 42.

14 G. 3. c. 15.

25 G. 3. c. 84. partly.

28 G. 3. c. 52. partly. 32 G. 3. c. 1.

34 G. 3. c. 83.

36 G. 3. c. 59.

42 G. 3. c. 84. 47 G. 3. c. 1 j partly.

53 G.3. c. 71.

c. 14.

XV. Juries and Jurors—Repealed by 6 Geo. IV. c. 50. s. 22.

43 H. 3.

52 H. 3. c. 14$ c. 24.

12 Ed. 1.

13 Ed. 1. c. 30; c. 38. in part.

21 Ed. 1. tt. 1. wholly. 28 Ed. 1. at. 3. c. 9. in part.

33 Ed. 1. fit. 4. wholly.

34 Ed. 1. at. 5. c, 3.

5 Ed. 3. c. 10.

20 Ed. 3. c. 6.

27 Ed. 3. at. 2. c. 8.

28 Ed. 3. c. 13.

34 Ed. 3. c. 4 $ c. 8; c. 13.

36 Ed. 3. at. 1; c. 13.

38 Ed. 3. c.12.

42 Ed. 3. c. 11.

7R.2.C.7.

11 H. 4. c. 9.

2 H. 5. it. 2. c. 3.

6 H. 6. c. 2.

8 H. 6. c. 29.

23 H. 6. c. 9.

33 H. 6. c.2. in part.

8 Ed. 4. c. 3. in part. 1 R. 3. c. 4.

19 H. 7. c. 13.

1 W. & M. at. 2. c. 1.

a. 1.

4 & 5 W. & M. c. 24. s. 15-22.

6 A 7 W. A M. c. 4. in

7 £*8 W. & M. c. 32.

1 H.8. c.8. a. 4.

3 H.8. c.2; c. 12.

4 H. 8. c. 3.

5 H. 8. c. 5.

22 H. 8. c. 14. a. 6.

33 H.8. c.23. a. 2.

34 & 35 H. 8. c. 26. a. 103.107, 108.

35 H. 8. c. 6.

1 Ed. 6. c. 12. a. 11.

2 A3 Edward6. c.32.in

5 Eliz. c. 25.

14 Eliz. c. 9 *

27 Eliz. c. 6; c. 7. 39 Eliz. c. 18. a. 22.

1 Ann. at. 2. c. 13. a. 2 3.

3 & 4XXAnn. c. 18. a. 3-6.

4 & 5 Ann* c. 16. a. 6f 7. 9.

7 Ann. c. 21. a. 11.

10 Ann. c. 14. a. 3-6.

9 G. 1. c. 8. a. 1, 2.

3 G. 2. c. 25.

4 G. 2. c. 7.

6 G. 2. c. 37. a.1, 2.

24 G. 2. c. 18. a. 1-4.

29 G. 2. c. 19.

13 G. 3. c. 51. a. 6, 7, 8 *

1&20.4. c.46.

5 G. 4. c. 106. a. 20.

XVI. Custom Laws in Great Britain and the Colonies— Repealed by 6 Geo. IV. c. 105. s. 1-387. (except as to Arream and Penalties.)

17 R. 2. c. 5.

I H. 4. c. 13.

4 H. 4. c. 20, 21.

II H. 4. c. 2.

13 H. 4. c. 5.

3 H. 6. c. 3.

31 H. 6. c. 5.

5 A 6 Ed. 6. c. 16.

1 Eliz. c. II.

5 Eliz. c. 5. a. 46. 13 Eliz. c. 4. a. 7. 27 Eliz. c. 3. a. 2*6.

7 Ja. 1. c. 14r

12 C. 2. c# 4; c. 18; c.

19.

13 & 14 C.£c.7; c. 11; c.13; c. 19.

15 C. 2. c. 7.

18 C. 2. c. 2.

22 & 23 C. 2. c. 26.

32 C. 2. c. 2.

1 Ja. 2. c. 8; c. 18.

1 W. & M. c. 32. 4&5 W. & M. c. 10; c.

15. s. 14, 15. 6&7W.4M. c. 1. s. 5.

6 & 7 W.3. c. 7.1.3.14.

7 &8W.3. c.20. a.8; c. 22; c. 28; a. 6.

9 & 10 W. 3. c. 13; c. 23; c. 28; c. 4. s. 4, 5, 6.

10 & 11 W.3. C. 10; c. 24. a. 13; c. 25.

11 A 12 W.3. c. 10.

1 Ann. at. 1. c. 26.

3 A 4XXAnn. c. 5r a. 12;

c. 8.

4 A 5 Ann. c. 12. a. 6.

6 Ann. c.3; c. 17. a. 11; c. 19. s. 14.

REPEALED STATUTES.

till

8 Ann* c. 7. i» 7*17 j c. 13. ». 16.24-26; c. 19. part of 1.1 *

9 Ann. c. 6. s. 6; c. 11.

s. 6-39, 42-49; c. 28.

I •. 6.

10 Ann. c. 19. ». 68; c. 29.

12 Ann. st.1. c.16. t.2, 3; st. 2. c.8. s. 11.13. i c. 18.

1 G. 1. it* 2. c. 12. i« 4;

it. 2, c. 18* s. 1, 2.

3 G. 1. c. 4. 8. 5.

5 G. 1. c. 11.

6 G. 1. C. 11. 8.4, 5. 18. 22 s c. 12. 8.3; c. 21.

b. 29.31, 32. 34.39.

7 G. 1. st. 1. c. 21. 8. 9

10.

8 G. 1. c. 15. •. 1-5. 13;

c. 18. 8.1, 2, 3. 6. 10. 16. 18, 19. 22. 25.

9 G. 1. c. 21. 8. 7.

11 G. 1. e. 30. 8. 8. 1821.

12 G. 1. c. 28. 8. 1-20, 22. 24. 28.

1 G. 2. st. 2} Ct 17. 8,

7, 8.

2 G. 2. c. 28.8.8; c. 35.

4 G« 2. c. 30. s.2.

5G.2. c.22. 8.1; c.24,

8. 3.

6 G. 2. c. 13; c. 17; s,

10.

7 G. 2. c. 19. 8.1.

9 G.2. c.33. 8.1; c.35

c. 37. 8.4.

15 G. 2. c. 20. s. 7; c. 31. b. 4.

18 G.2. c.24. 8.2-3; c. 26. 8.10-12.

19 G. 2. c. 27. 8.1-12 c. 30. t. 3; c. 34.

22 G. 2. c.36; c. 37 23G.2. c. 13. 8.3-6; c. 21. 8. 26-30$ c. 29. 8. 3.

24 G. 2. c. 51. 8. 2.

26 G. 2. c. 96. 8. 5; c.

21.

28 G. 2. c. 21.

29 G. 2. c. 15; c. 16.

32 G. 2. c. 32; c. 28.

2G.3. c.24.

3 G. 3. c. 21; c. 22.

4 G. 3* c. 19.

5 G.3. c. 1; c. 10; c.30, 8.4-7; c. 37; c. 39

c.43. 8. 1.3-5. 11. 13. 21-24. 28, 29; c. 45; c. 48.

6 G. 3. c. 19; c. 28; c.

40. s.9-11; c. 50.

7G.3. c» 2; c. 41; c.43; c. 45; c. 46; c. 47.

8 G. 3. c. 22; c. 25. 8. 10.

9 G. 3. c. 28; c. 35. s. 2. c. 39. 8. 10; c. 41. s.

1. 6.

10 G. 3. c. 37. 8. 2; c. 38; c.43; c. 45.

11 G.3. c.41.

12 G. 3. c. 58. s. 4.

14 G. 3. c. 42; c. 71.

15 G. 3. c. 31.

16 G. 3. c. 47. 8. 3; c* 48.

17 G. 3. c. 41; c. 43.

18 G. 3. c. 27; c. 55; c 58.

19G.3. c.22. 8.7; c.48. c. 62; c. 69.

20 G. 3. c. 7; c. 10; c, 42.

21 G. 3. c. 16; c. 28; c, 37; c. 39; c. 62.

22 G. 3. c. 60; c. 78. s. 2.

23 G. 3. c. 11; c. 76; c 79.

24 G. 3. sets. 2. c.21; sets. 2. c. 47; sets. 2. c. 50.

25 G. 3. c. 54; c. 55; c. 56. s. 8; c. 67.

26 G. 3. c. 26. 8. 2-4; c. 40; c. 41; c. 59. 8.4; c.89; c. 104.

27 G. 3. c. 13; c.32.

28 G. 3. c. 34; c. 38.

29 G. 3* c. 53« s. 2, 3; c, 68.

30 G. 3. c. 29; c. 43.

32 G. 3. c. 22. c. 32; c 43; 50.

33 G. 3. c. 2; c.48; c. 56; c. 70; c.81.

34 G. 3. c. 20. s. 45; c. 34; c. 42. f. 6; c 50; c. 51; c. 68.

35G.3. c.31. s.l; c.39 c. 92; c. 96.

36 G. 3. c. 82; c. 110.

37 G. 3. c. 73. s. 5.

38 G.3. c.33; c. 57; c 67; c. 86.

39 G. 3. c. 59.

39 & 40 G. 3. c. 51; c

59; c. 83.

41 G. 3. (G.B.) c. 2; (U.K.) c.21; (U.K.) c. 75

42 G. 3. c. 18; c. 22; c.

44; c.82; c. 95; C.97.

43 G. 3. c.68; c. 128; c. 157.

45 G. 3. c. 9; c. 10; e.

68; c. 96; c. 99; c.

121; c. 122; c. 128.

46 G. 3. c. 9; c. 74; c. 81; c. 82; c. 98; c. 104; c. 116; c. 137; c. 150.

47G.3. sew. l. c.9; sets, l. c. 22; test. 1. c. 25; test. 1. c. 26 $ sets. 1. c.48; sets. 1. c. 49; ten. 1. c. 51; sets. 2. c. 27; sets. 2. c. 64; sets. 2. c. 66.

48G.3. c. 11; c. 12; c.

22; c. 84; c. 95; c. 109; c. 124.

49 G. 3. c. 17; c. 46; c. 59; c. 61; e. 62; c. 65; c.98; c.107.

50 G. 3. c. 20; c. 40.; c« 42; c. 55; c.61; c. 62; c. 110.

51 G. 3. c. 43; c. 46; c. 48; c. 50; c. 52; c.

62; c. 71; c. 96.

52G. 3. C.2; c.9; c.35; c. 55; c. 100; c. 106; c. 140; c.141; c. 143. t.1.11, 12; c. 159.

53 G. 3. c. 3; c. 21; C. 44; c. 47; c. 88; c. 105; c. Ill; c. 125.

64 G. 3. c. 36; c. 46; c. 122; c. 171; c. 185.

55 G.3. c. 10; c.31; c. 45; c. 118; c. 129; c, 174.

56 G. 3. c. 9; c. 35; c. 81; c. 91; c.93; C. 104.

57 G. 3. c. 17; c. 29; c. 33; c. 58; c. 87; c. 95. c. 116.

58^G. 3. c. 15; c. 34; c*.

59 G. 3. c. 6; c. 39; c. 52; c. 74; c. 78; c. 121; c. 123; c. 125; c. 126.

1 G. 4.

REPEALED STATUTE*.

cm

U2G. 4. c. 67; c. 75. 9* 38; c. 76. 38; c. 84; c. 94; c.97; c. 104.

3 0.4. c« 28; c. 43; c. 45; c. 107; c. 110; 119.

4 G. 4. c. 2; c. 23-; c. 25; c. 26; c. 30; c. 39; c. 41; c. 44; c. 66; c. 69; c. 84.

&G.4. c. 21; c.22; c. 34; c. 35; c. 43; c. 46; c. 47; c. 6*5; r. 76; c. 79; c.88; c.94. Statutes and Parts *f Statutes relating to the Customs in Great Britain and ike Colonies repeal• ed by 7 G. 4. c. 48. s. 51, 52.

I. A general Repeal of the Laws of Customs, Navigation, Smuggling, &c. .which were in force on January 5, 1826, besides the several Acts and Parts of Acts which are repealed by 6 G. 4. c. 105, except certain Laws.

therein described or enumerated to be saved, 7

G. 4. c. 48. s.52.

II. Statutes of Geo. 4. repealed by s. 51.

6G.4. c. 13; c. 73; c. 76; c. 104.

Customs (Ireland)—Repealed by 6 G. 4. c. 105. s. 388-444.

25 H. 6. c.3; c. 10.

35 H. 6. c. 1.

28 H.8. c.22.

10 & 11 C. I. c. 11. s. 5. 14 & 15 C. 2. c.9.

17 & 18 C. 2. c. 12. s. 2.

4XXAnn. c. 7.

33 G. 2. c. 14. s. 15.

21 A 22 G. 3. c. 20. s. 22, 23.

27 G. 3. c. 23; c. 28.

37 G. 3. e. 42; c. 52.

4* G. 3. c. 20; e. 77.

43 G. 3. c. 25; 1.143.

G. 3. c. 57.

45 G. 3. e. 18; c. 188.

46 G. 3. c. 129. s. 11; C 58; c. 87; €• 106; c. 120. s.3.

47 G. 3. see*. 2. e. 16; sess. 2. e. 58; sees. 2. c. 61.

48 G. 3. e. 44; c. 58; c.

62.

49 G. 3. ©.99; c. 116.

51 G. 3. c. 58.

52 G. 3. c. 76.

53 G. 3. c. 55.

54 G.3. c. 81; c. 103; c. 120; c. 129.

55 G. 3. c. 14; c. 24; c. 82; c. 83; c. 144.

56 G. 3. c. 20; c. 85.

57 G. 3. c. 73.

59 G. 3. c. 73; c. 82; t* 83.

1 G. 4. c. 80.

1 & 2G.4. c. 19; e. 103. 4 G. 4. c. 72.

XVII. Excise ox Spirits (/retold and Scotland)—Repealed by

4 Geo. IV. c. 94. sess. 1.86. 88.

43 G. 3. c. 88.

50 G. 3. c. 15.

52 G. 3. c. 30.46.48.

53 G. 3. C. 94.

54 G. 3. c. 149, s. 14.

55 G.3. c. 111.

57 G. 3. c. 110.

13 G. 4. c. 30; c. 52; c. 111.

XVIII. Cards axd Dice (Stamp Duties)—Repealed by 9 Geo. rv.

c. 18. s. 1.

9 Ann. c. 23. s. 40-43.

10 Ann. c. 19. s. 162, 163. 166.170.

6G.1.C. 21. s. 55.57.59. 60.

29G.2.C. 13.

5G.3. c. 46. s. 9.17.41. 16 G. 3. c. 34. s. 17.

41 G. 3. c.86. s.4. 43 G.3. c. 98.

55 G. 3. c. 101.

56 G. X, c. 56.

XIX. Land Revenue op the Crown (Ireland)— Repealed by 7 & 8 Geo. IV. c. 68. s. 1. 3, 4. So far as repugnant to such Act.

9W.3. (1.)

11 ft 12 W. 3. c. 2.

1 Ann. sess. 2. c. 21.

{21 &22G.3.

133 G. 3. c. 46 I 50 G. 3. c« 65.

G. 3.(1.)

I G. 4. c. 1.

3 G. 4. c. 63.

4 G. 4. c. 23.

REPEALED STATUTES.

Land Revenue (England and Ireland)—Repealed by 10 Geo. IV. c. 50. (except as to Duchy of Lancaster.)

34 G. 3. c. 75.

46G.. e. 143; c. 151. 48 G. 3. c. 73.

50 G. 3. c. £5.

52 G. 3. c. 161.

&4G.3. c, 70,

55 G. 3. c, 55.

56 G. 3. c. 16.

57 G. 3. c. 61; c. 97.

1 G. 4. c.71.

1 ft 2.G. 4. c. 53.

5 6.4. e. 49.

6G.4. c. 77.

7 & 8 G. 4. c. 66; c. 68.

XX. Gaols and Houses or Correction—Repealed by

4 Geo. IV. c. 64. a 1.

1 £. 3. it. 1. c. 7.

4 E. 3. c. 10.

14 E. 3. st 1. c. 10.

7 J. 1. c. 4.

19 C. 2. e.4. s. 1.3 - 5.

22 A 23 C. 2. c. 20. s. 10. 13.

10 A 11 W. 3. c. 19. (made perpetual bp 6

2G. 2. c. 22.

14 G. 2. c. 38.

10 G. 2. c. 31.

17 G. 2. c. 5.

24 G. 2. c. 40.

32 G. 3. c. 29.

13 G. 3. e.58.

14 G. 3. c. 59.

22 G. 3. c. 64.

24 G. 3. mm. 2. c. 54, 55. 29 G. 3. c. 67.

31 G. 3. o. 46.

55 G. 3. c. 4ft 58 G. 3. c. 32.

XXI. Capital Punishments.

22 C. ?. C. 5f St 3. poeeeee hihiim repealed hy4 G. 4. c. 53.

10 ft 11 W. 3. e. 23. $. 1. (as alter* cl bp 1 Geo. 4. c. 117*7 *.

9 G. 1. e. 32. s. 1 -

4 G. 4. e. 53.

4 G.4 c. 54. f. 1, 2, 3.

6G.2. 6.37. s.5. - — - — 4 G.4. c.46. *. 1.

7 G. 2. c, 21 - 4 G. 4. c. 46. s. 5.

24 G. 2. c.45. - — 4 G.4. c. 53.

27 G. 2. c. 15 - —>4 G. 4. c.54. s.».

27 G.2. c. 19. s.49. - . 4 G. 4. c. 46. 1.1.

30 G. 2. c. 24. b 1. - 4 G.4. c.54. s. .

3 G. 3. c. 16. Ssfi» *t st|t MlitlMt — 4 G. 4. e. 46. s. 1,

4 O* 3* f. 37* 4* I. ttsstiM

22 G. 3. c. 40* st »«f «t* tisi > ——4 G.4. e.46. s. 2.

28 G. 3. e. M. *. 4 - J

XXVI. Bailing Persons suspected or Felonies )_B .

Apprehension or Felons j Kcpeafea

by 7 Geo. IV. c. 64. s. 32.

3 E. I. c. 15.

7 H. 5.

9 H. 5. c. 1.

18 H. 6. c. 12.

23 H. 6. c. 9. s.3.

1 R. 3. c. 3.

3 H. 7. e. 3. s. 2.

25 H. 8. c. 3.

32 H. 8. c. 3.

2 & 3 E. 6. c. 24.

I & 6 E. 6. c. 10.

! 1 St2 P. & M. c. 13.

1 2 A 3 P. ft M. c. 10.

4 W. & M. c. 8.

»0 ft 11 W. 3. c. 23. $•

; 2'4 *

' 1 Ann. st. 2. r. 9. s. I.

27 G. 2. c. 3. s. 3.

1

; 18 G. 3. c. 19. s. 7-8.

43 G. 3. c. 59. 8. 3:113. $.5.

56 G. 3. c. 73.

58 G. 3. c. 70.

59G.3. c. 27} c. 96.

c.

1 6 (vu/gv) 5 Ana. c. 31. I 6 G. 1. c. 23.

I 25 G. 2. c. 36. ». 11.

1 G. 4. c. 102.

3 G. 4. c.38. 8. 4; c. 126, 8. 60.

' 6 G. 4. c. 56.

REPEALED STATUTES.

cxliv

£ Larceny and Offfnces connected \_Repealed by

vvift 1 therewith (7*80 IV

XXIIIj Malicious Injuries to Property i'.27 s l (Remedies against the Hundred J

9 H. 3. st. 2. c. 10.

3 Ed. 1. c. 2 & 20.

13 Ed. 1. st. l«c. 46; st. 2.

21 Ed. 1. st. 2.

1 Ed. 3. st. 1. c.8.

25 Ed. 3. st. 6; (vulgo st 3. c. 4, 5.)

28 Ed. 3. c. 11.

34 Ed. 3. c. 22.

37 Ed. 3. c. 19.

8 H. 6. c. 12. s.3.

33 H. 6. c. I.

1 H. 7. c. 7.

4 H. 7. c. 13.

21 H. 8. c. 7; c. 11. 23H.8. c. 1; c. 11.

31 H.8. c. 2.

33 H. 8. c. 1.

34 & 35 H. 8. c. 14.

35 H. 8. c. 17.

37 H.8. c.6; c.8. 8.2.

1 Ed. 6. c. 12. s. 10.14.

2 & 3 Ed. 6. c. 33.

5 & 6 Ed. 6. c. 9.

4 & 5 P. & M. c. 4.

5 Elis. c. 10; c. 21.

8 Elis. c. 4.

13 Elis. c. 25. s. 3.18, 19. 18 Elis. c. 7.

27 Elis. c. 13.

31 Elis. c. 4; c. 12. s. 5. 39 Elis. c. 15.

43 Elis. c. 7; c. 13.

2 J&. 1. c. 27.

3 Js. 1. c. 13.

7 Js. 1. c. 13.

15C.2. c. 2.

22 C. 2. c. 5.

22 & 23 C.2. c. 7; c. 11.

s. 12; c. 25. except s. 1-3.

3 W&M. c. 9.

4 W. AM. c. 23; c 24. s. 13.

10 W. 3. c. 12. (vulgo 10 All W. 3. c. 23.) except s. 7 A 8.

1 Ann. st. 2. c. 9. except s. 3.6 Add. c. 9. (vulgo 5 Add. c. 6.)

12 Ann. st. 1. c. 7.

13 Aon. c. 21. (vulgo 12 Add. st. 2.) c. 18. s. 4 & 5.

1 G. 1. st. 2. c. 5.s. 4.6; st. 2. c. 48.

4G. 1. c. 11. excepts. 7.

5 G. 1. c. 28.

6 G. 1. c. 16.

9 G. 1. c. 22.

2 G. 2. c. 25. s. 3.

4 G. 2. c. 32.

6 G. 2. c. 37.

8 G.2. c. 16; c. 20.

10 G. 2. c. 32. except s.

10.

11 G. 2. c. 22. s. 5. to the end.

13 G. 2. c. 21.

14 G. 2. c. 6.

15 G. 2. c. 34.

22 G.2. c. 24; c. 46. s. 34.

24 G. 2. c. 45.

25 G. 2.C.10; c. 36.8.1.

26 G. 2. c. 19. s. 1, 2, 3. 4.8.

28G.2.C. 19. s.3.

29 G. 2. c. 30; c. 36. s. 6, 7, 8, 9.

30 G. 2. c. 24. s. 1.

31 G. 2. c. 35.

2 G. 3. c. 29.

4 G.3. c. 12; c.31.

5 G. 3. c. 14.

6 G. 3. c. 36; c. 48.

9 G. 3. c. 29; c.41. 10G. 3. C. 18; c. 48.

13 G. 3. c. 31. s. 4, 5; c» 32; c. 33.

16 G. 3. c. 30.

19 G. 3. c. 74. except s. 70.

21 G. 3. c. 68; o. 69.

22 G. 3. c. 58.

31 G.3. c.35; c. 51.

33 G. 3 c. 67. s.5, 6.

36 G. 3. c. 9. b. 3. to the end.

39 G. 3. c. 85.

39 & 40 G. 3. c. 77.

8. 1.5.

41 G. 3. c. 24. (U. K.)

42 G. 3. c. 67; c. 107.

43 G. 3. c 58. part of s. 1; c. 113. except s. 6.

G.3. c. 92.s.7, 8.

45 G. 3. c. 66.

48 G. 3. c. 129; c. 144.

51 G.3. c.41; c. 120.

52 G. 3. c. 63; c. 64; c. 130.

53 G. 3. c. 162.

56 G. 3. c. 125.

57 G. 3. c. 19. s.38.

1 G. 4. c. 561 c. 115 j c. 117.

3 G. 4. c. 24; c. 33; c. 38; c. 114; c. 126.8. 128.

4 G. 4. c. 46; c. 53; c.

54.

6 G. 4. c. 19; c. 94. s. 7, 8, 9, 10.

7G.4.C. 69.

XXIV. Offences against the Person—Repealed by 9 Geo. IV. c. 31.8.1.

9 H.3. c. 26.

52 H. 3. c. 25.

3 Ed. l. c. 11 & 13.

4 Ed. 1. st. 3. c. 5. 6 Ed. l. c. 9,

13 Ed.l.st. l. c. 29 A 34. 9 Ed. 2. st. 1. c. 3.

18 Ed. 3. st. 3. c. 2.

25 Ed. 3. st, 5. part of c. 2.

50 Ed. 3. c. 5.

I R.2. c. 15.

6 R. 2* st. 1. c. 6.

5 H. 4. c. 5; c. 6.

REPEALED STATUTES.

cxlv

2 H. 5. it 1. c. 9; 11 H. 6. c. 11.

3 H. 7. c. 2 5 c. 14. 12 H. 7. c.7.

24 H. 8. c. 5.

25 H. 8. c. 6.

33 H. 8. c. 12. part of s. 6. to i. 18; c. 23.

1 Ed. 6. c. 12. s. 10. 13. 16.22.

5 A 6 Ed. 6. c. 4. s. 3 *

4 A 5 P. & M. c. 4; c. 8.

5 Eli *, c. 4. s. 21; c. 17.

18 Eliz. c. 7.

39 Eliz. c. 39.

2 Ja. 1. C.8A11.

22 & 23 C. 2. c. 1; c. 11. 8. 9.

11 A 12 W.3. c. 7. 8.18. 9 Ann. c. 14. s. 8; c. 16.

12 G. 1. c. 34.8.6.

2 G. 2. c. 21.

11 G. 2. c. 22. part of s. 1 A2.

22 G. 2. c. 27. part of s.

12.

25 G. 2. c. 37. except s. 9, 10.

26 G. 2. c. 19. f. H.

30 G. 3. c. 48.

33 G. 3. c. 67. s. 2.

35. G. 3. c* 67.

36 G. 3. c. 9. part of 8.

1.2.

43 G.3. c. 58; c. 113.

54 G. 3. c. 101.

58 G. 3. c. 38. s. 1.

1 G. 4. c. 90.8.2; c. 115. 1 A 2 G. 4. c. 88.

3G.4. c. 38; c. 114.

STATUTES RELATING TO IRELAND.

[Note, —See also Miscellaneous I., Custom Laws XVi.* end Land Re* venue XIX., supr&.]

XXV. Miscellaneous.

STATUTES REPEALED. RELATING TO

36 H. 6. c. 1. (K.) - Residence of Clergy - *

REPEALED BY

5 G. 4. c. 91. s. 1.

10 A 11C. l. c.2. (I.)

Alienation by Clergy

5 G. 4. c. 91* s. 1.

9IV.3. (I.) «•*.

6G.1. c. 13. (I.) -

1 G. 2. c. 22. (I.) -

3 G. 2. (I*)*• .

29 G. 2. (I«! «• -

29 G. 2. (I.) -

19 A 20 G. 3. (I.) -

21 A 22 G. 3. (1.) -

25 0.3. (I*)

35 G. 3. (I.) -

37 G. 3. (I.) -

36 G. 3. (I.) - -

37 G. 3. c. 27. (I.) -

40 G. 3. (I.) -

40 G. 3. c. 27. (I.) -

41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 25.1

- 5

45 G* 3. c. 59 -

48 G. 3. c* 66 -

r Burials in suppressed I \ Monasteries, Ac. c./ Maintenance of Curates Maintenance of Curates f Combinations of 1

\ Workmen - J

Restraints on Bankers Damage to Property Wages of Silk Manufacturers - ' Trustees of Linen’ Manufacturers Seducing Artificers '

abroad -

Trustees of Linen Manufacturers - /Wages of Silk Manufacturers - Accounts of Natio- '

nal Debt -

Wages of Silk Manufacturers -

Maintenance of Curates

{Salary of the Master!

of the Rolls - / I Trustees of Linen 7 I Manufacturers . $ Residence of the Clergy

5 G. 4. c. 24. I.

5 G. 4. c. 91. s. 1. 5G.4. c.91.s. 1.

5 G. 4. c. 96. s. L

5 G. 4. c. 73. s. 1.

4 G. 4. c. 73.

5 G. 4. c. 66.

4 G.4. c. 90. s. 1.

5 G. 4. c. 97. 4G.4. c. 55.8.1.

5 G. 4. c.66.

4 G. 4. c. 19. s. 10.

5 G. 4. c. 66.

5 G. 4. c. 91. s. 1. 4 G.4. c. 61. s.25.

4 G. 4. c. 55. s. 1.

5 G. 4. c. 91. s. 1.

49G.3. c. 103

Building Churchcf

4 G. 4* c. 86. ».26«

cxlri REPEALED STATUTES.

Statutes relating to Ireland (continued).

STATUTE! REPEALED# '

53 G. 3# c. 75 -

54 G. 3* Ci 60i i# 7* •» •«

55 Gt 3. c. 114. s. 1.

60 G. 3. & 1G.4. c.U.« 4 G. 4, 6 9$. 27. ,; i,

RE LATINO TO

Regulation of Cot-1 i too Trade ’Ecclesiastical J

Courts, and Chureh > Rates miii»m*»J /Salary of the Master t

the Rolls - J

' Election of Mem-7 bers of Parliament J Com position for Tithes

KBPEALED BY

5 G. 4. c. 96. s. I.

4 G. 4. c. 86. s. 1.

4 G.4. c. 61. s.25.

4 G.4. c.43. 8.7; e. 55.

s. 1.

5 G. 4. c. 63. 8.13.

XXVI.

Divisions and Unions or Parishes 1 —Repealed by Chapels of Ease > 7&8 Geo. IV.

Perpetual Cures j c. 43. s. 1.

EG. I.e. 14. (I.) in parti 8 G. 1. c. 12. (I.) in part. 10 G. 1. c. 7. (I.) in part.

7 G.2. c.7. (I.) in part.

9G.2. c. 12. (I.) in part,;

7G.3. c. 9. (I.) in part. 11 & 12 G. 3. c. 16. (I.) inpart.

13 A 14 G. 3« c. 27.

in part.

23 & 24 G. 3. c. 49. in part.

(»•)

(i)

XXVII. CnuAcfiES amd Church Rates—Repealed by 7 Geo.

IV. c. 72. s. 1.

6G. 1. c. 5. (1.) in part. 12 G. 1. c. 9* (I.) in pdrt, 3

3 G. 2. c. 11. (I.) in pert. 21 G. 2. c. 8. (I.) in part. 23G. 2. o. 12. (I\)in part. 33 G. 2. c. 11.(1.) In part.

11 & 12G.3. C. 15. (I.)

In pkit.

21 & 22 G.3. c. 52. (I.)

in part.

23 & 24 G.3. c. 49. (I.)

in part.

25 G, 3. c. 58. (I.) wfceMy#

29 G. 3. c. 27. (I.) In part. 54 G. 3. c. 68. (U. K.) in part.

4 G. 4. {U. KJj c. 86.

in part.

6G.4, c. 130. wholly *

XXVIIt. Assessed TAXEs-^Repealod by Geo. IV. 6. 9. 8. t, £. (except as to repeal of former Acts, Arrears, and Penalties.)

51 G. 3. c. 72. 54 G. 3. c. 120. 58 G. 3« c. 54 *

59 G. 3. c. 118. lift 2 G. 4. c. 113.

1G.4.P.73. 13 G. 4.0*4.

XXIX, LiMEM awd Hem1>es MAMtrtACTURE—Repealed by 6 Gee. IV. e. 122, e. 1.

i. a.:

5 G. 3. c, 9. (I.)

13 & 14 G. 3. c. 21. (I.) 17 & 18 G. 3. c. 21.(1.) t c.33. (I.)

21 & 22 G. 3, e. 3ft. (4.) 23 & 24 G. 3. c. 53.(1.)

26 G. 3. o.29.(1,)

27 G. 3. e, 18. (I-)

28 G. 3. c.8. (I.) *90. 3. c. 34. (I.) SO G. 3. t. 86. (I.) 31G.3.C 14.(1.) 33 G. 3. c. 12. (I.)

34 G. 3. e. 17. (1.)

36 «. 3. 0.47. (I.)

37 G. 3. c. 61. (I.)

38 G. 3. c. 44. (I.) 44 G. 3. v. 69.

55 G. 3. c. 25. 4G.4.C.90.

RBPBALBD STATUTES.

ealfii

Statutes relating to Ireland (continued).

XXX.

1

Bail in Casks of Felony Criminal Proceedings Larceny and Offences connected therewith Malicious Injuries to Property

English Acts.

9H.3.SL2. c. 10.

3 Ed. 1. c.£. 16 & 20 *

21 Ed. 1. st. 2.

33 Ed. 1.

1 Ed. 3. at. 1. c. 8.

25 Ed. 3. st. 6. (vulgo st. 3. c. A & 5.)

34 Ed. 3. c. 22.

37 Ed. 3. c. 19.

7H.5.

9 H. 5. st. 5. c.l.

8 H. 6. c. 12.8.3.

23 H. 6. c. 9.

33 H. 6. c. 1.

1 R. 3. c. 3.

1 H.7. c.7.

3 H.7. c.3.

4 H.7. c. 13.

3 Ed. 2. c.l.

18 H. 6. c.3.

35 H. 6. c. 2, 3.

15 Ed. 4. c. 1.

10 H. 7. c. 17.

13 H.8. c.l.

28 H. 8. c. 10.

33 H. 8. st. 1. c. 5.

3&4P.&M. c. 6.

11, 12, 13 Ja.1. c.3.

10 C. 1. st. 2. c. 18, 19.

83* st. 3. c. 16.

10 All C.L s.9.15.17. 15 C. 1. c. 7.

Irish Acts.

9W.3. c.7.

4XXAnn. c. 11. s. 5.

8 Aun. c. 8. s. 5, 6.

9 Aon. c. 6. except s. 3, 8, 9.

9 Ann. c. 11. s. 3.

2 G. 1. c. 17. s.19; c.

22.

4 G. 1. c. 4. s. 5, 6.

6G. 1. c 12. s.3, 4, 5.

1 G.2. c. 24.

3 G. 2. c. 4. s.2, 3. 6; c. 14. s. 7.

5 G. 2. c. 10.

7 G. 2. c. 8.

17 G. 2. c. 5. s. 1, 2, 3; c.6.

21 G.2. c. 12.

29 G. 2. c. 12. a. 3, 4; c. 16. s. 13.

31 G. 2. c. 10. except s. 11, 12.

7 G. 2. c. 23.

13 A 14 G. 3. c. 16.

15 A 16 G. 3. c. 26. except 8. 1.3.5; c. 33.

19 & 20 G. 3» c, 19. », 5; c. 37. s. 5.

23 A 24 G. 3. c.39. #.17, 18; c. 45; c. 48. 8» 1.4.

26 G. 3. c. 37.

27 G.3. c. 30. 8.22; c. 34; c. 52; c. 53. 8. 1.

28 G. 3. c. 37.

31 G.3. c.23. g.3.

36 G. 3. c. 29; c. 45.

Acts of the United Kingdom.—-43 G. 3. c. 58., part of s. 1; c. 79; c. 86. s.8.

44G.3. c. 92. s. 7 A 8.

51 G.3. c. 38; c.39.

52 G. 3. c. 12., extending 22Cba.2. c.5; 52 G.3. c. 63; c. 64; c. 130.

56 G.3. c. 73.

58 G. 3. c. 68.

59 G.3. c. 27; c. 96.

1 G. 4. c. 56; c. 102.

1 &2G.4. c. 34.

3 G. 4. c. 24; c. 38., except s. 1; 3 G. 4.C. 114.

5 G. 4. c. 30.

6 G. 4. c. 19; c. 56; c. 42.8.23; c. 94. s. 7.10.

7 G. 4. c. 9; c.60; c.69.

7 A 8 G. 4. c. 32.

XXXI. Offbnces against the Person—Repealed by 10 Geo. IV. c. 34. a. 1. (English Acta extended to Ireland by 10 Hen. VII. (I.) c, 22.)

9 H. 3. c. 26.

52 H. 3. c. 25.

3 E. 1. c. 11. 13.

4 E. 1. st. 3. c. 5.

6 E. 1. c.9.

13E.1. st. 1. c. 29.34.

9 E.2. sL 1. c.3.

18 E. 3. st. 3. c. 2.

25 E. s. st. 5. part of c. 2.

50 E. 3. c. 5.

1 R. 2. c. 15.

6 R. 2. st. 1. c.6.

5 H. 4. c. 5.; c. 6.

2 H. 5. st. 1. c. 9.

11 H.6. c. II.

3 H. 7. c. 2; c. 14.

cxhriii

REPEALED STATUTES,

Statutes relating to Ireland (continued).

Irish Acts.

12 G. 1. c. 3. s. 5.

28 H. 6. c. 3.

8 Ed. 4. c. 1.

10 H. 7. c. 11. s* 1.

28 Eliz. c. 2.

11, 12 A 13 Ja. 1. c.3.

10 C. 1. st. 2. c. 20; st.

2. c.21; st. 3. c. 17. 15C.1. c.9.

7 W.3. c.ll.

9 Ann. c, 16 j c. 6. s. 2.

11 G.2. c.3.

19 G. 2. c. 13. s. 2.

11 G. 3. c. 7. s. 1, 2.

partly.

13 & 14 G.3. c. 45.

19 & 20 G. 3. c. 19. part of s. 5.

23 & 24 G.3. c. 48. s.7.

31 G. 3. c. 17. except s. 10, 11. repealing 10 H. c.21. &9 Ann. c. 4.

36 G. 3. c.27; c.31.

38 G. 3. c. 57.

Acts of the United Kingdom relating to Ireland.

43 G. 3. c. 58.

54 G.3. c. 101; c. 181. except s. 1, 2.

55 G. 3. c. 88.

1 G. 4. c.90. s.2. 1&2G.4: c. 88. s.2, 3G.4. c.38.

7 G.4. c. 9.

CONTENTS

TO

VOL I.

PART I.

Of Persons and Corporations.

CLASS I.

Of Aliens, Denizens, and Naturalization.

[No. I.] A Statute made Anno 25 Edward III. st. 2. and Anno Dom. 1350, of those that be born beyond Sea.—In what Place Bastardy pleaded against him that is born out of the Realm shall be tried - 4

[No. II.] 42 Edward III. c. 10.—Children born beyond Sea if inheritable in England - 5

[No. III.] 1 Richard III. c. 9.—In what sort Italian Merchants may sell Merchandises.— Several Restraints of Aliens -

[No. IV.] Hand 15 Henry VIII. c. 2.—What Apprentices strange Artibcers shall take, dec - tft.

[No. V.] 21 Henry VIII. c. 16.—Touching Artificers Strangers, what they may

do as concerning retaining Apprentices, Journeymen, &c - *6.

[No. VI.] 22 Henry VIII. c. 13.—For Bakers, Brewers, Surgeons and Scriveners,

not to be accounted Handicrafts - 6

[No. VII.] 32 Henry VIII. c. 16.—Concerning Strangers - ib»

[No. VIII.] 7 Jac. 1. c. 2.—An Act that all such as are to be naturalized or restored in Blood, shall first receive the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, and the Oath of Allegiance and the Oath of Supremacy - ib.

[No. IX.] 12aud 13 William III. c. 1.—An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject - ib,

[No. X.] 7 Anne, c. 5.—An Act for naturalizing Foreign Protestants - 7

[No. XI.] 10 Anne, c. 5.—An Act to repeal the Act of the seventh Year of her

Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for naturalizing Foreign Protestants (except what relates to the Child, en of her Majesty's natural-born Subjects born out of her Majesty's Allegiance)" - ib,

[No. XII.] 1 George I. st. 2. c. 4.—An Act to explain the Act made in the twelfth

Year of the Reign of King IVxlliam the Third, intituled " An Act for the further Limitation of the Crowu, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject " -’- 8

[No. XIII.] 4 George II. c. 21.—An Act to explain an Act made in the scvcuih

Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for naturalizing Foreign Protestants, which relates to the Children of the natural-born Subjects of the Crown of England or of Great Britain - - ib,

[No. XIV.] 13 George II. c. 7.—An Act for naturalizing such Foreign Protestants and others thetein mentioned, as are settled or shall settle in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America - 10

VOL. I.

cl

CONTENTS TO VOL. I.

[Part L

[No. XV.] 20 George II. c. 44.—An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled/* An Act for naturalizing such Foreign Protestants and others therein mentioned, as are settled or shall settle in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America, " to other Foreign Protestants who conscientiously scruple the taking of an Oath - 12

[No. XVI.] 2 George III. c. 25.—-An Act for naturalizing such foreign Protestants as have served, or shall serve for the time therein mentioned, as Officers or soldiers iu his Majesty’s Royal American Regiment, or as Engineers in America - 15

[No. XVII.] 13 George III. c. 21*—An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act

made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to explain a Clause in an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for naturalizing Foreign Protestants, which relate to the Children of the'natural-born Subjects of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain, to the Children of such Children" - 16

[No. XVII. a.] 13 George III. c. 25.—An Act to explain Two Acts of Parliament, one of the thirteenth Year of the Reign of bis fate Majesty, for naturalizing such Foreign Protestants and others, as are settled, or snail settle, in any of his Majesty’s Colonies in America; and the other of the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for naturalizing such Foreign Protestants, as have served, or shall serve, as Officers or Soldiers in his Majesty’s Royal American Regiment, or as Engineers in America - 17

[No. XVIII.] 14 George III. c. 84.—An Act to prevent certain inconveniences

that may happen by Bills of Naturalization - - 19

[No. XIX.] 6 George IV. c. 67.—An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his Majesty King Jama the Firet, intituled, "An Act that all such as are to be naturalized or restored in Blood, shall first receive the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, and the Oath of Allegiance, and the Oath of Supremacy. — [22d June 1825.] - ib.

[No. XX. 1 7 George IV. c. 54.—An Act for the Registration of Aliens. — [26*5 May 1826.] - 20

PART I. CLASS II.

Statutes relating to the Clergy;

[No. I.] 21 Henfy VIII. c. 13.—Spiritual Persons abridged from having Pluralities of Livings, and from taking of Ferms, Ac. c. - 28

[No. II.] 25 Henry VIII. c. 16.—An Act that eveiyr Judge of the High Courts may have one Chaplain beneficed with Cure - 35

[No. HI.] 28 Henry VIII. c. 11.—For the Restitution of the first-fruits in time

of Vacation to the next Incumbent - 36

[No. IV.] 28 Henry VIII. c. 13.—The Bill for Non-residence spiritual Men and their Benefices. Repealed by 57 George III. c. 99 -, - 39

[No. V.] 33 Henry VIII. c. 28.—An Act for the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, and others, to have Chaplains , . M - ib.

[No. VI.] 13Eliz. c. 12.—An Act for the Ministers of the Church to be of sound Religion - t*.

[No. VII.] 31 Elizabeth, c. 6.—An Act against Abuses in Election of Scholars, and Presentation to Benefices - 41

[No. VIII.] 3 Jac. I. c. 5.—An Act to prevent and avoid Dangers which grow by Popish Recusants - *. 45

No. IX.] 13 A 14 Car. II. c. 4.—An Act for the Uniformity of Public Prayers, and Administration of Sacraments, and other Rites and Ceremonies; and f<?r establishing the Form of making, ordaining and consecrating Bishops, Prltsts, and Deacons, in the Church of England - ib.

[No. X.] 15 Car. II. c. 6>-An Act for Relief of such Persons as by Sickness, or

other Impediment, were disabled from subscribing the Declaration in the Act of Uniformity j and Explanation of Part of the said Act •4)^Mtoy.JvlQw§lv* 55

Class II.] CONTENTS TO VOL. I. di

[No. XI.] 17 Car. If. c. 3.—An Act for uniting Churches In Cities and Towns

Corporate - 55

[No. XII.] 29 Car. II. c. 8.—An Act for confirming and perpetuating Augmentations made by Ecclesiastical Persons to small Vicarages and Curacies - 57

[No. XIII.] 1 William and Mary, st. 1. c. 16.—An Act that the Simoniacai Promotion of One Person may not prejudice another - - 59

[No. XIV.] 1 William and Mary, c. 26.—An Act to rest in the two Universities

the Presentations of Benefices belonging to Papists - *5.

[No. XV.] 4XXWilliam and Mary, c. 12.—An Act to make Parishioners of the Church United Contributors to the Repairs and Ornaments of the Church to whom the Union is made - 61

[No. XVI.] 2 A 3 Anne, c. II.—An Act for the Making more effectual her Majesty's gracious Intentions for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, by enabling her Majesty to grant in Perpetuity the Revenues of the First-fruits and Tenths; and also for enabling any other Persons to make Grants for the same Purpose - 62

[No. XVII. 1 7 Aone, c. 18.—An Act to preserve the Rights of Patrons to Advow-•ons.— [1 G. 2. 23. sec. 6. Ir.] - 64

[No. XVIII.] 12 Anne, st.2. C. 12.—An Act for the better maintenance of Ciirates

within the Church of England, ailfi fat jprchentilftt attg Ctcferfiarftital Am* from hoping tfje netf ShutHance of ang Cljurri) Preferment - *6.

[No. XIX.] 12 Anne, st 2. c. 14.—An Act for rendering more Effectual an Act

made in the third Year of the Reign of King James the First, Intituled " An Act to prevent and avoid Dangers which may grow by Popish Recusants and also of oue other Act made in the first Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary% intituled " An Act to vest in the two Universities the Presentations of Benefices belonging to Papists $ and for vesting in the Lords of Justiciary, Power toinflict the same Punishments against Jesuits Priests and other trafficking Papists, which the Privy Council of Scotland was impowered to do by an Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland intituled " An Act for preventing the Growth of Popery." - 65

[No. XX.] 1 George I. &t. 2. c. 10.—An Act for making more effectual her late

Majesty's gracious Intentions for augmenting the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy - 69

[No. XXI. 1 11 George II. c. 17.—An Act for securing the Estates of Papists conforming to the Protestant Religion, against the Disabilities created by several Acts of Parliament relating to Papists; and, far rendering more effectual tf)e deheral get* of Parliament mate far faerftingin ttje ttno Bniberditietf in tfrat port of Great Britain caM englostt nje presentation of Benefice* belonging fa Papfat* - 76

[No. XXII.] 23 George II. c. 28.—An Act to explain Part of an Act passed in the

thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for the Uniformity of Public Prayers, and Administration of Sacraments; and also Part of an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, for the Ministers of the Church to be of sound Religion - - 77

[No. XXIII.] 17 George III. c. 53.—An Act to promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more speedy and effectual building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing Houses, and other necessary Buildings and Tenements, for the Use of their Benefices - 79

[No. XXIV.] 21 George III. c. 66.—An Act to explain and amend an Act made

iuthe seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled " An Act to promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more speedy and effectual building rebuilding repairing or purchasing Houses and other necessary Buildings and Tenements, for the Use of their tieuefices . 92

[No. XXV.] 24 George III. c. 35.—An Act to impower the Bishop of London for the time being, or any other Bishop to be by him appointed, to admit to the Order of Deacon or Priest Persons being Subjects or Citizens of Countries out of his Majesty's Dominions, without requiring them to take the Oath of Allegiance as appointed by Law - 91

t No, XXVI, ] 26 George III, c, 84.—An Act to impower the Af^hbisfos^of Cantsi"

n 2

clii CONTENTS TO VOL. I. [Part I.

bury, or the Archbishop of York, for the time being, to consecrate to the Office of a Bishop Persons being Subjects, or Citizens of Countries out of his Majesty's Dominions - 94

[No. XXVII.] 36 George III. c. 83.—An Act for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England, and for making certain Regulations respecting the Appointment of such Curates, and the Admission of Persons to Cures augmented by Queen Anne's Bounty, with respect to the avoidance of other Benefices. — [MlA May 1796.] - 95

[No. XXVIII.] 43 George III. c. 84.—An Act to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms; and for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices in England. Repealed by 57 George III. c. 99. — [7fA July 1803.] - 96

[No. XXIX.] 43 George III. c. 107.—An Act for effectuating certain Parts of an Act passed in the second and third Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen .Anne, intituled " An Act for making more effectual her Majesty's gracious intentions for the augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, by enabling her Majesty to grant in Perpetuity, the Revenues of the First-fruits and Tenths: and also for enabling any other Persons to make Grants for the same Purpose/* so far as the same relate to Deeds and Wills made for granting and bequeathing Lands Tenements Hereditaments Goods and^ Chattels to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and for enlarging the Powers of the said Governors. — [27/A July 1803.] -

[No. XXX.] 43 George III. c. 108.—An Act to promote the building, repairing, or otherwise providing of Churches and Chapels, and of Houses for the Residence of Ministers, and the providing of Church-yards and Glebes. — [27th July 1803.] - - 97

[No. XXXI. 1 43 George III. c. 109.—An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled " An Act to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms; and for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices iu England and to remove a doubt respecting the Title of the Statute of the twenty-first Year of King Henry the Eighth therein mentioned. — [27/h July 1803.] - 99

[No. XXXII.] 44 George III. c. 43.—An Act to enforce the due Observance of the Canons and Kubrick respecting the Ages of Persons to be admitted into the sacred Orders of Deacon and Priest. — [3d May 1804.] - <5.

[No. XXXIII.] 45 George III. c. 101.—An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled " An Act to restrain the Disposition of Lands, whereby the same become unalienable/* as restrains Colleges within the two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge from purchasing or holding Advowsons, except as therein is provided. — [10fA July 1805.] - 100

[No. XXXIV.] 51 George III. c. 115.—An Act for amending the Act Forty-third George Third, to promote the building, repairing, or otherwise providing the Churches and Chapels, and of Houses for the Residence of Miuisters, and the providing of Church-yards and Glebes. — [26/7* June 1811.] - 101

[No. XXXV.] 52 George III. c. 146.—An Act for the better regulating and preserving Parish and other Registers of Births Baptisms Marriages and Burials in England. — [28th July 1812.] - 103

[No. XXXVI.] 53 George III. c. 149.—An Act for the further Support and Maintenance of Stipendiary Curates. — [20/A July 1813.] - 110

[No. XXI(VII.] 54 George III. c. 175.—An Act to explain and ameud several Acts relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the Residence of such Persons on their Benefices in England for One Year, and from thence until Six Weeks after the Meeting of the then next Session of Parliament.— [30th July 1814.] - ib.

[No. XXXVIII.] 55 George III. c. 147.—An Act for enabling Spiritual Persons to exchange the Parsonage or Glebe Houses or Glebe Lauds, belonging to their Benefices, for others of greater Value, or more conveniently situated for their Residence and occupation; and for annexing such Houses and Lands, so taken In Exchange, to such Benefices as Parsonage or Glebe Houses and Glebe Lands, and for purchasing and aunexing Lands to become Glebe in certain cMds, and for other Purposes, —[61 A July 1815.] .• V 113

Class II.]

CONTENTS TO VOL. I.

cliii

[No. XXXIX.] 56 George III. c. 52.—An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling Spiritual Persons to exchange their Parsonage Houses or Glebe Lands, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.— [20//i June 1816.] - 122

[No. XL.] 56 George III. c. 123.—An Act to continue, until the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventeen an Act of the fifty-fourth Year of his present Majesty, for explaining and amending several Acts relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the Residence of such Persons on their Benefices in England - 123

[No. XLI.] 56 George III. c. 141.—An Act for enabling Ecclesiastical Corporate

Bodies under certain Circumstances to alieqate Lands for eularging Cemeteries or Church-yards. — [2d July 1816.] - ib.

[No. XLI I.] 57 George III. c. 99.—An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws

relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms; and for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices, and for the Support and Maintenance of Stipendiary Curates in England.— [10/A July 1817.] - 124

[No. XLI!I.] 58 George III. c. 45.—An Act for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous Parishes.— [20*A May 1818.] . - 148

[No. XLIV.] 59 George III. c. 40.—An Act to secure Spiritual Persons in the possession of Benefices in certain cases. — [I4fh June 1819.] iU

[No. XLV.] 59 George III. c. 60.—An Act to permit the Archbishops of Canterbury and York, and the Bishop of London, for the Time being, to admit Persons into Holy Orders specially for the Colonies. — [2d July 1819.J - ibm

[No. XLVI.] 59 George III, c. 134.—An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous Parishes. — [13{A July 1819.] . 149

[No. XLVI I.] 1 George IV. c. 6.—An Act to amend and render more effectual

an Act, passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of bis late Majesty's Reign, for enabling Spiritual Persons to exchange their Parsonage Houses or Glebe Lauds, and for other purposes therein mentioned. — [6M June 1820.] - 150

[No. XLVI 11.] 3 George IV. c. 72.—An Act to amend and render more effectual Two Acts passed in the Fifty-eighth and Fifty-ninth Years of his late Majesty, for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous Parishes. — [22d July 1822.] - 150

[No. XLIX.] 5 George IV. c. 89.—An Act for the relief, in certain cases, of the Incumbents of Ecclesiastical Livings or Benefices mortgaged for building, rebuilding, repairing, 'or purchasing Houses, and other necessary Buildings and Tenements for such Benefices. — [2Ut June 1824.] - 150 q

[No. L.] 5 George IV. c. 91.—An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws for enforcing the residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices; to restrain Spiritual Persons from carrying on Trade or Merchandise; and for the support and maintenance of Stipendiary Curates, in Ireland, —[21#f June 1824.] - 150 is

[No. LI.] 6 George IV. c. 8.—An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for enabling Spiritual Persons to exchange their Parsonage Houses or Glebe Lands; and for other purposes therein mentioned. — [23d March 1825.] - 150 t%

[No. LIT.] 7 & 8 George IV. c. 25.—An Act for the Relief of certain Spiritual Persons, and Patrons of Ecclesiastical Preferments, from certain Penalties; and rendering valid certain Bonds, Covenants, or other Assurances for the resignation of Ecclesiastical Preferments.— [14fA June 1827.] - 150 x x

[No. LIII.] 7 & 8 George IV. c. 66.—An Act to extend an Act of the Fifty-sixth

Year of nis late Majesty, for enabling his Majesty to grant small portions of Land as sites for Public Buildings, or to be used as Cemeteries*— [2d July 1827.] - 150 a

[No. LIV.] 7 & 8 George IV. c. 72.—An Act to amend the Acts for building and the building of additional Churches in populous Parishes. — [2d July

[No. LV.] 9 George IV. c. 42.—An Act to abolish Church Briefs, and to, provide for the better collection and application of voluntary contributions for)W0

150

diT, CONTENTS TO VOL. h [Part L

pur)K>se of enlarging and building Churches and Chapels. — [15M July 1828.] - 150 c c c

[No. LVI.] 9 George IV. c. 94.—An Act for rendering valid Bonds, Covenants,

and other Assurauces for the resignation of Ecclesiastical Preferments, in certain specified cases. — [28*A July 1828.] - 150///

PART I. CLASS III.

Marriage.

[No. I.] 25 Henry VIII. c. 22.—An Act concerning the King's Succession - 151

[No. II.] 32 Henry VIII. c. 38.—For Marriages to stand notwithstanding Precontracts.— [See 26 Geo. II. c. 33. s. 13. infra.] - 152

[No. III.] 2 & 3 Edward VI. c. 23.—The Repeal of an Act made in the xxxii. Year of King Henry the Eighth, which was made. That Marriage contracted in the Face of the Church, and consummate with bodily Knowledge, to be deemed lawful, any former Contract notwithstanding - 154

[No. IV.] 15 George II. c. 30.—An Act to prevent the Marriage of Lunaticks 155

[No. V.] 26 George II. c. 33.—An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages - ib.

[No. VI.] 12 George (II. c. 11.—An Act for the better regulating the future Marriages of the Royal Family - 162

[No. VII.] 44 George III. c, 77.—An Act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and publick Chapels in which Banns had not usually been published before or at the time of passing an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled " An Act for the better preventing of Clandestine Marriages."—[14/4

1 July 1804.] - ib.

[No. VIII.] 48 George III. c. 127.—An Act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and publick Chapels in which Banns had not usually been published before or at the time of passing an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled " An Act for the better preventing of Clandestine Marriages."—[30f A June 1808.] - 164

[No. IX.] 51 George III. c. 37.—An Act further to prevent the Marriage of Lunatics.— [3lsf May 1811.] - «6.

[No. X.] 58 George III. c. 81.—An Act for extending to that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, certain Provisions of the Parliament of Great Britain, in relation to Executors under the Age of Twenty-one Years, and to Matrimonial Contracts. — [5fh June 1818.] - 165

[No. XI.] 58 George III. c. 84.—An Act to remove Doubts as to the Validity of certain Marriages had and solemnized within the British Territories in India. —[bth June 1818.] - ib.

[No. XII.] 1 George IV. c. 101.—An Act to enable the Examination of Witnesses

to be taken in Indin in support of Bills of Divorce on account of Adultery committed iu India. — [24/A July 1820.] - 166

[No. XIII.] 3 George IV. c. 75.—An Act to amend certain Provisions of the Twenty-sixth of George the Second, for the better preventing of Clandestine Marriages. — [22d July 1822.] - 167

[No. XIV.] 4 George IV. c. 5.—An Act to render valid certain Marriages. — [7/4 March 1823.] - 167/

[No. XV.] 4 George IV. c. 67.—An Act to declare valid certain Marriages that have been solemnized at St. Petersburgh since the abolition of the British Factory there. — [10<A July 1823.] - id•

[No. XVI. } 4 George IV. c. 76.—An Act for amending the Laws respecting the solemnization of Marriages in Sngland. — [18/4 July 1823.] - 167 g

[No. XVJL] 4 George IV, c. 9L—An Act to relieve hit Majes^rs^l£e(jlp from

Class IV. V.] CONTENTS TO VOL. I, civ

all doubt concerning the validity of certain Marriages solemnized abrogd—[18/A Jub, 1823.] - I - - 167 o

[No. XVllfl] 5 George IV. c. 32.—An Act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled " An Act for atqeuding the Laws respecting the solemnization of Marriages in England."—[17/A May 1824.] - ib.

[No. XIX.] 5 George IV. c. 68.—An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Fifty-seventh Vear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to regulate the celebration of Marriages in Newfoundland $" and to make further provisiou for the celebration of Marriages in the said Colony and its dependencies.— [17th June 1824.] - - 167p

[No. XX.] 6 George IV. c. 92.—An Act to render valid Marriages solemnized in

certain Churches and public Chapels iu which Banus have not usually been published. — [5M July 1826.] - 167 q

PART I. CLASS IV.

Parent and Child.

[No./. J Statute of Merton, 20, Henry Ilf• c. 9.—He is a Bastard who is born before the Marriage of his Parents - 168

[No. II.] 1 Anne, st. 1. c. 30.—An Act to oblige the Jews to maintain and provide for their Protestqot Children - 169

PART I. CLASS V.

Corporations.

[No. I.] 19 Henry VII. c, 7.—For making of Statutes by Bodies Incorporate. 170

[Mo. II.] 13 Elizabeth, c. 29.—An Act concerning the several Incorporations of

the Universities of Qxfuri and Cambridge, and tins Confirmation of the Charters Liberties, and Privileges granted to either of them - 171

[No. IN.] 31 Elizabeth, o. 6.—An Act against Abuses in Election of Scholars, and Presentation to Benefices - 173

[No. IV.] 13 Charles H, c. 1.—An Act for the well governing and regulating of Corporations - ib.

[No. V. j 6 Anne, c. 21.—An Act for the avoiding of Doubts and Questions touching the Statutes of divers Cathedral and Collegiate Churches - 175

[No, VI.] 9 Anne, c. 20.—An Act for rendering the Proceedings upon Writs of Mandamus, and Informations in the nature of a Quo Warranto, more speedy and effectual; and for the more easy trying and determining the Rights of Offices and Franchises in Corporations and Boroughs - 176

[No. VII. 1 5 George 1. c. 4.—An Act for strengthening the Protestant Interest in these Kingdoms - 179

[No. VIII.] 5 George I. c. 6.—An Act for quieting and establishing Corporations - ib.

(No. IX.] 11 George I. c. 4.—An Act for preventing the Inconveniences arising

for want of Elections of Mayors, or other Chief Magistrates of Boroughs or Corporations, being made upon the Days appointed by Charter or Usage for that Purpose, and directing iu what Mauuer such Elections shall be afterwards made - - 181

[No. X.] 7 George III. c. 48.—An Act for regulating the Proceedings of certain

Public Companies and Corporations carrying ou Trade or Dealings with Joint Stocks, in respect to the declaring of Dividends; and for further regulating the Qualification of Members for voting in their respective General Courts aotfPe

clvi CONTENTS TO VOL. I. [Part II.

[No. XI.] 12 George III. c. 21.—An Act for giving Relief in Proceedings upon

Writs of Mandamus for the Admission of Freemen iuto Corporations; and for other purposes therein mentioned - 186

[No. XII.] 32 George III. c. 58.—An Act for the Amendment of the Law in Proceedings upon Information in Nature of Quo Warranto - 187

[No. XUI.] 1 and 2 George IV. c. 28.—An Act for Abolishing the African Company, and transferring to and vesting in his Majesty, all the Forts, Possessions, and Property now belonging to or held by them.— \7th May 1821, ]. 189

TART II. CLASS I.

Of Real Estates.

[No. I.] Mag. Car. c. 7.—A Widow shall have her Marriage Inheritance and Quarantine. The King's Widow, Ac. c. - 190

[No. II.] 20 Henry III. c. 1.—A Woman shall recover Damages in a Writ of Dower - 191

[No. III.] 20 Hen. III. c. 2.—Widows may bequeath the Crop of their Lands ib•

[No. IV.] 52 Hen. III. c. 17.—The Authority and Duty of Guardians in Socage ib.

[No. V.] 4 Ed. I. st. 3. c. 6.—By what Words in a Feoffment a Feoffer shall be bound to Warrancy - 192

[No. VI.] 6 Edward 1. c. 3.—An Alienation of Land by the Tenant by the Curtesy with Warranty shall be void - ib.

[No. VII.] 6 Edward I. c. 5.—Several Tenants against whom an Action of Waste is maintainable - 193

[No. VIII. 1 13 Edward I. st. 1. c. 1.—In Gifu in Tail the Donor's Will shall be

observed. The Form of a Formedon - ib.

[No. IX.] 18 Edward I. st. 1. c. 1.—The Feoffee shall hold his Land of the Chief

Lord, and not of the Feoffer • - 194

[No. IX. a.] Cap. 2.—If Part of the Land be sold, the Services shall be apportioned - 195

[No. IX. b.] Cap. 3.—No Feoffment shall be made to assure Land in Mortmain - ib.

[No. X.] II Henry VII. c. 20.—Certain Alienations made by the Wife of the Lands of her deceased Husband shall be void - 196

[No. XI.] 21 Henry VIII. c. 4.—The Sale of Lands by Part of the Executors lawful - 197

[No. XII.] 21 Henry VIII. c. 15.—Fermors shall enjoy their Leases against Recoveries by feigned Titles, &c - 199

[No. XIII.] 32 Henry VIII. c. 33.—An Act that wrongful Disseisin is no Descent in Law - 200

[No. XIV.] 32 Henry VIII. c. 34.—Concerning Grantees of Reversions to take Advantage of the Conditions to be performed by the Lessees - ib,

[No. XV.] 12 Charles II. c. 24.—An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knighu-Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof - 205

[No. XVI. 1 19 Charles II. c. 6.—An Act for Redress of Inconveniences by Want

of Proof of the Deceases of Persons beyond the Seas or absenting themselves, upon whose Lives Estates do depend - 209

[No. XVII.] 29 Charles II. c. 3.—An Act for Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries - 211

[No. XVIII.] 4XXWilliam and Mary, c. 16.—An Act to prevent Frauds by Clandestine Mortgages - 226

CONTENTS TO VOL. I,

civil

Class I.]

[No. XIX.] 5 William and Mary, c. 6.—An Act to prevent Disputes and Controversies concerning Royal Mines - - 227

[No. XX.] 11 and 12 William III. c. 6.—An Act to enable his Majesty’s naturalborn Subjects to inherit the Estate of their Ancestors, either lineal or collateral notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens - 228

[No. XXI.] 25 George II. c. 39.—An Act to obviate Doubts that may arise upon an Act made and passed in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, "An Act to enable his Majesty's natural-born Subjects to inherit the Estate of their Ancestors, either liueal or collateral, notwithstanding their Father or Mother tvere Aliens" - 229

[No. XXII.] 10 & 11 William 111. c. 16.—An Act to enable Posthumous Children

to take Estates as if born in their Father’s lifetime - 230

[No. XXIII.] 4XXAnne, c. 16.—An Act for the amendment of the Law, and the better advancement of Justice - 231

[No. XXIV.] 6 Anne, c. 18.—An Act for the more effectual Discovery of the Death of Persons pretended to be alive, to the Prejudice of those who claim Estates after their Deaths - 238

[No. XXV.] 7 Anne, c. 18.—An Act to preserve the Rights of Patrons to advowbous - 240

[No. XYV7.] 9 George I. c. 29.—An Act to enable Lords of Manors more easily to

recover their Fines, and to exempt Infants and Femes Covert from Forfeitures of their Copyhold Estates iu particular Coses - ib.

[No. XXVII.] 4 George II. c. 28.—An Act for the more effectual preventing

Frauds committed by Tenants, and for the more easy recovery of Rents, and RENEWAL of LEASES - 243

[No. XXVIII.] 7 George II. c. 20.—An Act for the more easy Redemption and Foreclosure of Mortgages - ib.

[No. XXIX.] 39 dr 40 George III. c. 98.—An Act to restrain all Trusts and Directions in Deeds or Wills whereby the Profits or Produce of Real or Personal Estate shall be accumulated, and the beneficial Enjoyment thereof postponed beyond the Time therein limited. — [28tk July 1800.] - 245

[No. XXX.] 39 &40 George III. c. 56.—An Act for Relief of Persons entitled to Entailed Estates to be purchased with Trust Monies. — [20/A June 1800.] , . 246

[No. XXXI.] 58 George III. c. 46.—An Act for Relief of Persons entitled to Entailed Estates, to be purchased with Trust Monies in that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, —[30M May 1818.] - 247

[No. XXXII.] 1 & 2 George IV. c. 93.—An Act for vesting all Estates and Property, occupied by or for the Naval Service of this Kingdom, in the principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy, and for granting certain Powers to the said Principal Officers and Commissioners. — [10M July 1821.] 249

[No. XXXIII.] 3 George IV. c. 116.—An Act for the more convenient and effectual registering iu Ireland Deeds executed in Great Britain, —[btk August 1822.] - 254

[No. XXXIV.] 7 George IV. c. 45.—An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Third, intituled " An Act for Relief of Persons entitled to Entailed Estates to be purchased with Trust Monies, and for making further Provisions in lieu thereof."—[26fA May 1826.] - 254 d

FART II. CLASS II.

Tithes.

[No. I.] 9 Edward 11. st. 1. c. 5.—No Prohibition where Tithe is demanded of a

new Mill - 255

[No. I. a.] 45 Edward III. c. 3.—A Prohibition shall be granted where a Suit shall be commenced in a Spiritual Court for Sylva'j&ducs g.QoOgfe

clviii CONTENTS TO VOL. I. [Part II.

[No. II.] 27 Henry VIII. c. 20, —For Titbit to be paid throughout tbit Realm 256

[No. III.] 31 Henry VIU. c. 13.—An Act for Dissolution of Monasteries and Ab-bies - " - 257

[No IV.] 32 Henry VIII. c. 7.—For the true Payment of Tithes and Offerings, •# - 258

[No. V.] 37 Henry VIII. c. 12.—An Act for Tithes in Ixmdo* - 261

[No. VI.] 2 & 3 Edward VI. c. 13, —An Act for Payment of Tithes - 265

[No. VII.] 7 8 William III. c. 6.—An Act for the more easy Recovery of small

Tithes - 268

[No. VIII.] 7 & 8 William III. c. 34.—An Act that the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers, shall be accepted instead of an Oath in the usual Form - 273

[No. IX.] 11 6l 12 William III. c. 16.—An Act for the better ascertaining the

Tithes of Hemp and Fla* - 274

[No. X.] 1 George I. st. 2 c, 6.—An Act for making perpetual an Aet of the seventh

and eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty Kina William the Third, intituled " An Act that the solemu Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers, shall be accepted instead of an Oath in the usual Formaud for explaining and enforcing the said Act in relation to the Payment of Tithes and Church-rates; and for appointing the Form of an Affirmation to be taken by the said People called Quakers, instead of the Oath of Abjuration. id.

[No, XI.] 53 George III. c. 127.—An Act for the better regulation of Ecclesiastical Courts in England / and for the more easy Recovery of Church Rates and Tithes - 276

[No. XII.] I George IV. c. 40.—An Act to amend and explain an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thlrty-ninth year of hirlate Majesty, to enable

, certain Persons to recover a just Compensation for the Tithes withheld from them in the Years Oue thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight. — [SthJuly 1620.] - id.

[No. XIII.] 4 George IV. c. 99.—An Act to provide for the Establishing of Compositions for Tithes in Ireland for a limited time. — [19M July 1823.] - 276 a

[No. XIV.] 5 George IV. c. 63—An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for providing for the establishing of Compositions for Tithes in Ireland, —\\7th June 1824.] - 276 ff

[No. XV, ] 7 George IV. c. 15—An Act to amend an Act passed in the seyenlh and eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for the more easy recovery of small Tithes. — [11/A April 1826.] - 276 q q

[No. XVI.] 7 & 8 George IV. c. 60.—An Act to emend the Acts for the establishing of Compositions for Tithes id Ireland*—\2nd July 1827, ] - 276 r r

j—p-.il mm 5 i mmnmmm *

PART II. CLASS III.

Approvement and Inclosure of Commons.

[No. I.] 20 Henry III. c. 4. (Statute of Merton.)—In what Cases Lords' may approve against their Tenants - 277

[No. II.] 13 Edward I. st. 1. c. 46. (II. Westminster.)—Lords may approve against their Neighbours. Usurpation of Commons during the Estate of particular Tenants - id.

[No. 111.] 3 & 4 Edward VI. c. 3.—An Act concerning the Improvement of Commons and waste Grounds - 278

[No. IV.] 29 George 11. c. 36.—An Act for inclosing by the mutual consent of the Lords and Tenants, Part of any Common for the Purpose of planting and preserving Trees fit for Timber or Underwood $ and tor more effectually preventing the unlawful Destruction of Trees, - 280

[No. V.] 31 George II. c. 41—An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled

* oy

Claas IV. V.] CONTENTS TO VOL. I. clix

gt An Act for inclosing, by (be mutual consent of the Lords and Tenants, Part of any Commooi for the Purpose of planting and preserving Trees fit for Timber or Underwood; and for more effectually preventing the unlawful instruction of Trees" - 284

[No. Vf.] 13 George III. c. 81.—An* Act for the better Cultivation Improvement

and Regulation of the Common Arable Fields Wastes and Commons of Pastures in this Kingdom - 285

[No. VII.] 4 f George III. (U. K.) c. 109.—An Act for consolidating in one Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure; and for facilitating the mode of proving the several facts usually required on the passing of such Acts. — [2dJufy 1801.] - 291

[No. VIII.] 1 A 2 George IV. c. 23.—An Act to amend the Law respecting the

inclosing of open Fields, Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Lauds in England*—[19/A April 1821.] - 309

PART II. CLASS IV.

Joint-Tenants, Coparceners and Tenants in Common.

[No. I.] 13 Edward I. st. !. c. 22.—Waste maintainable by one Tenant in Com* non against another - 312,

[No. II.] 31 Henry VIII. c. I.—For Joint-Tenants and Tenants in Common id

[No. HI.] 32 Henry VIII. c. 32.—Joint-Tenants for Term of Life or Yeara - 313

[No. IV.] 8 A 9 William III. c. 31.—An Act for the easier obtaining Partitions of Lands in Coparcenary Joint-Tenancy and Tenancy in Common - 314

PART II. CLASS V. Mortmain and Charitable Usee.

[No. I.] 9 Henry HI. (Magna Charta.) c. 36.—No Land shall be given in Mortmain - 317

[No. II.] 7 Edward I. st. 2. c. 1.—-Who shall take the Forfeiture of Lands given in Mortmain - id.

[No. III.] 13 Edward I. st. 1. c. 32.—Mortmain by Recovery of Land by Default 318

[No. IV.] 13 Edward I. at 1. c. 33.—Lands where Crosses be set, shall be forfeited as Lands aliened in Mortmaia - id.

[No. V.] 34 Edward 1. st. 3.—That Lands shall not he aliened in Mortmain, where there be Mesnes without their Consent - id.

[No. VI.] 18 Edward IIL st 3. c. 3.—Prelates impeached for purchasing Lands

in Mortmain - 319

[No. VII. 1 15 Richard II. c. 5.—Assurance of Lands to certain Places Persons and

Uses, shall be adjudged Mortmain - - id,

[No. VIII.] 23 Henry VIII. c. 10.—An Act for Feoffments and Assurances of Lands and Tenements made to the Use of any Parish Church Chapel or such lik - 320

[No. IX.] 43 Elizabeth, c. 4.—An Act to redress the Mis-employment of Lands Goods and Stocks of Money heretofore given to certain Charitable Uses - 321

[No. X.] 7 A 8 William III. c.37.—An Act for the Encouragement of charitable

Gifts and Dispositions - 323

[No. Xf.] 9 George II. c.36.—An Act to restrain the Disposition of Land3, whereby the same become unalienable - 324

clx CONTENTS TO VOL. I. [Part II.

[No. XII. 43 George III. c. 107.—An Act for effectuating certain Parts of an Act, passed in the second and third Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Annty intituled " An Act for the making more effectual her Majesty's gracious Intentions for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, by enabling her Majesty to graut in Perpetuity the Revenues of the First Fruits and Tenths; and also for enabling any other Persons to make Grants for the same Purpose, '* so far as the same relate to Deeds and Wills made for granting and bequeathing Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods and Chattels, to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and for enlarging the Powers of the said Governors. — [27/A July 1803] - 320

[No. XIII.] 45 George III. c. 101.—An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled " An Act lorestraiu the Disposition of Lands, whereby the same become unalienable, " as restrains Colleges wiihiu the two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge from purchasing or bolding Advowsons, except as therein is provided. —[10/A July 1805.] - ib.

[No. XIV.] 52 George III. c. 101.—An Act to provide a summary Remedy in Cases of Abuses of Trusts created for charitable Purposes [9fA July 1812.] ib.

[No. XV.] 52 George III. c. 102.—An Act for the registering and securing Charitable Donations. — [9th July 1812.] - 330

[No. XVI.] 58 George III. c. 91.—An Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire conceruing Charities in England for the Education of the Poor. — [lOfA June 1818.] -, - 334

[No. XVII.] 59 George III. c. 81.—An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament for appointing Commissioners to inquire concerning Charities in England for the Education of the Poor; and to extend the Powers thereof to other Charities in England and Wales t to continue in force until the First Day of August One Thousand Eight Hundred and Twenty-three, and from thence until the end of the then next Session of Parliament. — [6th July 1819.] - 338

[No. XVIII.] 59 George III. a. 91.—An Act forgiving additional Facilities in Applications to Courts of Equity, regarding the Management of Estates or Funds belonging to Charities. — [12*A July 1819.] - 341

[No. XIX.] 1 & 2 George IV. c. 92.—An Act to authorise the Exchange of Lands

Tenements or Hereditaments, subject to Trusts for Charitable Purposes, for other Lands Tenements or Hereditaments. — [lOfA July 1821.] - 343

[No. XX.] 9 George IV. c. 85.—An Act for Remedying’ a defect in the Tides of Lands purchased for Charitable Purposes. — [2bth July 1828.] - 348 a

PART II. CLASS VI.

Acts far Conveyances by Infants, Lunatics,

[No. I.] 7 Anne, c. 19.—An Act to enable Infants who are seised or possessed

of Estates in Fee, in Trust, or by way of Mortgage, to make Conveyances of such Estates - 349

[No. II.] 4 Geo. II. c. 10.—An Act to enable Idiots and Lunatics, who Ire seised

or possessed of Estates in Fee, or for Lives, or Terms of Years, in Trust or by* way of Mortgage, to make Conveyances Surrenders or Assignments of such Estates - 350

[No. III.] 29 George II. c. 31.—An Act to enable Infants, Lunatics, and Femes Covert, to surrender Leases in order to renew the same - 351

[No. IV.] 4 Geo. III. c. 16.—An Act to enable Infants who are seised of Lands Tenements or Hereditaments, within the Duchy of Lancaster, or the Counties Palatine of Chester Lancaster or Durham, or the Principality of Wales, iu Fee, or for the Life or Lives of one or more other Person or Persons, iu Trust, or by way of Mortgage, to make Conveyances of such Estates by Order of the Court of the Duchy Chamber of Lancastert of the Court of Exchequer of the County Palatine of Chester, the Court of Chancery of the Count^ J’^t^ of Lancaster >

Class VIL] CONTENTS TO VOL. L clxi

of the Coart of Chancery of the County Palatine of Durham, and of the Courts of the Great Sessions in the Principality of Wale* - 352

[No. V.] 11 George III. c. 20.—An Act to euable Lunatics intitled to renew

Leases, their Guardians and Committees to accept of Surrenders of old Leases, and grant new ones - 353

[No. VI.] 43 George III. c. 75.—An Act to authorise the Sale or Mortgage of the

Estates of Persons found Luuatic by Inquisition, in England or Ireland respectively; and the granting of Leases of the same. — [4IA July 1803.].354

[No. VII.] 1 & 2 George IV. c. 15.—An Act to authorise the Transfer of Stocks and Payment of Dividends of Lunatics residing out of England. — [24<A March 1821.] - 356

[No. VIII.] 1 & 2 George IV. c. 114.—An Act for the Conveyance Surrender and

Assignment of Estates in Fee for Lives or Terms of Years, which shall be vested in Trust or by way of Mortgage in Idiots and Lunatics, not having been found such by Inquisition. — [10lA July 1821.] - 357

[No. IX.] 6 George IV. c. 53.—An Act for limiting the time within which Inquisitions of Lunacy, Idiotcy, and Non Compos Mentis, may be traversed, and for making other Regulations in the Proceedings pending a Traverse. — [22d June 1825.] - 358

[No. X.] 6 George IV. c. 74.—An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to Conveyances and Transfers of Estates and Funds vested in Trustees, who are Infants, Idiots, Lunatics, or Trustees of unsound mind, or who cannot be compelled or refuse to Act; and also the Laws relating to Stocks and Securities belonging to Infants, Idiots, Lunatics, and Persons of unsound mind. — [27/A June 1825.] - 358 b

[No. XI.] 7 George IV. c. 35.—An Act to enable incapacitated Persons to convey

to the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Green• wick, in the county of Kent, certain premises situate in the parish of Green-tffichj in the said county, and for other purposes relating thereto. — [5*A May 1826.] - 358 A

[No. XII.] 7 George IV. c. 43.—An Act to amend the Laws in force in Ireland

relating to Conveyances and Transfers of Estates and Funds vested in Trustees, —[26/A May 1826.] - ib.

[No. XIII.] 9 George IV. c. 78.—An Act for extending the Acts passed in the Forty-third and Fifty-uinth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Third, for the sale and mortgage of Estates of Persons found Lunatics by Inquisition taken in England and Ireland, so as to authorise such sale and mortgage for same purposes; and for rendering Inquisitions on Commissions of Lu. nacy taken in England available in Ireland, and like Inquisitious taken in Ireland available in England. — [251A July 1828.] - 358 A

PART II. CLASS VII.

Fraudulent Conveyances.

[No. I.] 50 Edward 111. c. 6.—Fraudulent Assurances of Lands or Goods to deceive Creditors shall be void - 359

[No. II.] 2 Richard II. st 2. c. 3.—Fraudulent Deeds made by Debtors to avoid their Creditors shall be void - - ib,

[No. 111.] 3 Henry VII. c. 4.—All Deeds of Gift made to defraud Creditors shall

be void - - ib.

[No. IV.] 13 Elizabeth, c. 5.—An Act against Fraudulent Deeds, Alienations,

&C - ib.

[No. V.] 13 Elizabeth, c. 10.—Fraudulent Deeds by Spiritual Persoos, to defeat

their Successors of Remedy for Dilapidations, shall be void - 361

[No. VI.] 18 Elizabeth, c. 11.—An Act for the Explanation of the Statutes, intituled, Against Defeating of Dilapidations, and against Leases to be made of Spiritual Promotions in some Respects - *A.i

clxii CONTENTS TO VOL. I. [Part II.

[No. VII. 1 27 Elizabeth, c. 4.—An Act against covinous and fraudulent Conveyances - 361

PART II. CLASS VIII.

Leases.

[No. !.] 32 Henry VIII. c. 28.—Lessees to enjoy the Farm against the Tenants in Tail - 377

[No. If.] 33 Heniy VIII. c. 27.—The Bill for Leases of Hospitals, Colleges, and other Corporations - 380

[No. III. 3 1 A 2 Philip & Mary, c. 17.—An Act touching Leases hereafter to be made by certain Spiritual Persons - - ibm

[No. IV.] 1 Elizabeth, c. 19.—An Act giving Authority to the Queen’s Majesty,

upon the Avoidance of any Archbishoprick or Bishoprick, to take into her Hands certain of the Temporal Possessions thereof, recompensing the same with Parsonages impropriate and Tenths* - 381

[No. V.] *13 Elizabeth, c. 10.—Fraudulent Deeds made by Spiritual Persons to defeat their Successor? of Remedy for Dilapidations, shall be void, Ac. c. . - 383

[No. VI.] 13 Elisabeth, c. 20, —An Act touching Leases of Benefices and other

Ecclesiastical Livings with Cure - 385

[No. VII.] 14 Elizabeth, c. 11.—An Act for the Continuation, Explanation, Perfecting, aod Enlarging of divers Statutes - ib *

[No. VIII.] 14 Elizabeth, c. 14.—An Act for the Assurance of Gifts, Grants,

Ac. c. made and to be made to and for the Relief of the Poor in the Hospitals, Ac - 387

[No. IX.] 18 Elizabeth, c. 6.—An Act for Maintenance of the Colleges in the

Universities, and of fVinchetter and Eaton - 388

[No. X.] 18 Elizabeth, c. 11.—An Act for Explanation of the Statutes, intituled,

Against defeating of Dilapidations and against Leases to be made of Spiritual Promotions in some Respects - 339

[No. XI.] 43 Elizabeth, c. 9.—An Act for Continuance of divers Statutes, and for Repeal of some others - 390

[No. XK.] 1 James 1. c. 3.—An Act against the Diminution of the Possessions of Archbishopricks and Bishopricks, and for avoiding of Dilapidations of the same - ibm

[No. XIII.] 5 George III. c. 17.—An Act to confirm all Leases already made by

Archbishops and Bishops, and other Ecclesiastical Persons; of Tithes and other Incorporeal Hereditaments, for one two or three Life or Lives, or twenty-one Years; and to enable them to grant such Leases and to bring Actions of Debt for Recovery of, Rents reserved and in Arrear on Leases for Life or Lives - 391

[No. XIV.] 39 and 40 George III. c. 41.—An Act for explaining and amending several Acts, made in the thirty-second Year of King Henry the Eighth, and the first, thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, §o far as respects Leases granted by Archbishops, Bishops, Masters and Fellows of Colleges, Deans and Chapters of Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, Masters and Guardians of Hospitals, and others having any Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Living or Promotion.— [I6fh May 1800.] - 393

[No. XV.] 58 George III. c. 39.—An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending the Law of Ireland respecting the Recovery of Tenements from absconding overholding and defaulting Tenants, and for the Protection of the Tenant from undue Distress.— [28M May 1818.] - 396

[No. XVI.] 1 George IV. of 41—An Act to extend the Benefit of Two Acts,

made in the Fifty-sixth and Fifty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Third, for amending the Law of Ireland respecting the Reco *

' L.

Class IX. X.] CONTENTS TO VOL. I. clxiil

very of Tenements from absconding overholding and defaulting Tenants. — [8M July 1820.] - 404

[No. XVII.] 1 George IV. c. 87.—An Act for enabling Landlords more speedily to recover Possession of Lands and Tenements unlawfully held over by Tenants. —[24MJuly 1820.] - - 405

[No. XVIII. 1 4 George IV. e. 38.—-An Act to discourage the granting of Leases in Joint Tenancy in Ireland. — [27 th June 1823.] - - 407 4

[No. XIX.] 7 George IV. c» 29.—An Act to amend the Law of Ireland respecting the Assignment and Subletting of Lands and Tenements. — [5fA May 1826.] ib *

PART II. CLASS IX.

Uses.

[No. I.] 1 Richard 111. c. 1.—All Acts made by or against Cestuy fwe sue shall be good against him his Heirs and Peoffeesin Trust. The several Inconveniences of secret Feoffments. The Estate of Tenant in Tail saved - 408

[No* II.] 19 Henry VII. c. 15.—Several Charges imposed upon the Lands and

Persons of Cestuy que use. The several luconvenieuces that many did receive by Cestuy que use. The Lands of Cestuy que use shall be put in Execution for his Debt due by Judgment, Ac. c. The Lands of Cestuy que use shall satisfy the Chief Lord of his Relief Heriot and other Duties. Cestuy que use shall have such Advantages as he might have had if he bad been Tenant of the Land. Or-tuy que use (being a Bondman) the Land may be seised by his Lord - ib.

[No. HI.] 27 Henry VIII. c. 10.—An Act concerning Uses and Wills - 409

[No. IV.] 27 Henry VIII. c. 16.—For Inrolment of Bargains and Sales »• 416

[No. V.] 5 Elizabeth, c. 26.—An Act for the Inrolment of Indentures of Bargain and Sale in the Queen's Majesty's Courts of the Counties of Lancaster, Chester and Bishoprick of Durham, shall be good in Law - 417

[No. VI.] 54 George III. c. 168.—-An Act to amend the Laws respecting the Attestation of Instruments of Appointment and Revocation made in Exercise of certain Powers iu Deeds, WHLaud other Instruments. — [30 f A July 1814.] .♦ 418

PART II. CLASS X.

Fines and Recoveries.

[No. I.] 18 Edward I. st. 4. {Modus levaudi Fines.)—The Manurr of levying of Fines. What things be requisite to make them good, and who are bound by them - - 420

[No. 11.] 27 Edward I. st. 1. c. 1. [De Finibus levatis.)—No Exception to a Fine

that the Demandant was seised. Fines shall be openly read - ib.

[No. HI.] 15 Edward 11. {Slatulum de Carleol. de Finibus.)—The Conusor of a

Fine shall come personally before the Justices. Where a Commission shall be awarded to take a Fine. Who may admit Attorneys - 421

[No. IV. 1 34 Edward III. c. 16.—Non-claim of Fines shall hereafter be no Bar - ib.

dxiv CONTENTS TO VOL. I. [Part V.

[No. V.] 5 Henry IV. c. 14.—Inrolling of Writs in the common Place whereupon Fines be levied - 422

[No. VI.] 1 Richard III. c. 7.—Who shall be bound by a Fine levied before the

Justices of the Common Pleas: and Proclamations made thereof - tA.

[No. VII.] 4 Henry VII. c. 24.—How often a Fine levied in the Common Pleas

shall be read and proclaimed, and who then shall be bound thereby 424

[No. VIII.] 32 Henry VIII. c. 36.—For the Exposition of the Statute of

Fines - VV - 426

[No. IX.] 34 35 Henry VIII. c. 20.—An Act to embar feigned Recovery of Lands wherein the King is in Reversion - 428

[No. X.] 34 A 35 Henry VIII. c.22.—An Act that Fines in Towns Corporate shall be made as the same have been in Times past - 429

[No. XI.] 34 & 35 Henry VIII. c. 26.—An Act for certain Ordinances in the King's Dominion and Principality of Wales - 430

[No. XII.] 37 Henry VIII. c. 19w—The Bill for Fines in County Palatines - ib.

[No. XIII.] 2 & 3 Edward VI. c. 28.—For Fines with Proclamation in the County Palatine of Chester - 431

[No. XIV.] 1 Mary, st. 2. c. 7.—An Act touching Proclamations upon Fines. ib.

[No. XV.] 5 Elizabeth, c. 27.—An Act touching Fines to be levied in the County Palatine of Durham - 432

[No. XVI.] 14 Elizabeth, c. 8.—An Act for the avoiding of Recoveries suffered

by Collusion by Tenants for Term of Life, and such others - 433

[No. XVII.] 23 Elizabeth, c. 3.—An Act for the Reformation of Errors in Fines

and Recoveries - . 434

[No. XVIII.] 27 Elizabeth, c. 9.—An Act for Reformation of Errors in Fines and Recoveries in the twelve Shires of Wales, and Counties Palatine, and for Exemplification of Fines and Recoveries generally - 437

[No. XIX.] 31 Elizabeth, c. 2.—An Act for abridging of Proclamations upon Fines to be levied at the Common Law - 440

[No. XX.] 43 Elizabeth, c. 15.—An Act for the levying of Fines with Proclamations of Lands within the County of the City of Uiester - ib.

[No. XXI.] 10 & 11 William III. c. 14.—An Act for limiting certain Times,

within which Writs of Error shall be brought for the reversing Fines, Common Recoveries and Autient Judgments - 442

[No. XXII, ] 4XXAnne, c. 16.—An Act for the Amendment of the Law, and the

better Advancement of Justice - ib.

[No. XXIII.] 14 George II. c. 20.—An Act to amend the Law concerning Common Recoveries, and to explain and amend an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for Prevention of Frauds and.Perjuries, " so far as the same relates to Estates vur autre Vis - ib.

[No. XXIV.] 3'J George (I. c. 14.—An Act for the more regular and easy collecting, accounting for and paying of Post Fines which shall be du$ to the Crown, or to Grantees thereof under the Crowu, and for the Ease of Sheritfs in respict to the same - 445

[No. XXV.] 47 George III. Sess. 2. c. 8.—An Act concerning common Recoveries, suffered in Copyhold or Customary Courts by Attorney. — [17/A Jufy 1807] - 449

[No. XXVI.] 59 George III. c. 80.—An Act concerning Common Recoveries to

he suffered by Attorney in Courts of Autieut Detnesue; and to explain an Act of his preseut Majesty relative to the Sale or Mortgaging of Estates of Lunatics.— [(if/* July 1819.] - 449

Class XI. XII.]

CONTENTS TO VOL. I.

clxv

PART II. CLASS XL

Wills.

[No. I.] 32 Henry VIII. c. 1.—The Act of Wills Wards and Primer Seisins, whereby a Man may dense two Parts of his Land - 450

[No II.] 34 & 35 Henry VIII. c. 5.—The Bill concerning the Explanation of Wills - 457

[No. III.] 12 Charles II. c.24.—An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and

Ureries, and Tenures in CapiU and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof - 462

[No. IV.] 29 Charles II. c. 3.—An Act for Prevention of Frauds and Per *

juries - d.

[No. V.] 3 William and Mary, c. 14.—An Act for the Relief of Creditors against fraudulent Devises - ib.

[No. VI.] 4XXAnne, c. 16.—An Act for the Amendment of the Law, and the better Advancement of Justice - 464

[No. VII.] 14 George II. c. 20.—An Act to amend the Law concerning Common

Recoveries, and to explain and amend an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled " An Act for Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries/’ so far as the same relates to Estates pur autre Vie. .465

[No. VIII.] 25 George if. c. 6.—An Act for avoiding and putting an End to

certain Doubts and Questions relating to the Attestation of Wills and Codicils concerning real Estates in that Part of Great Britain called England, and in his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America - 465

[No. IX. 1 55 George III. c. 192. —An Act to remove certain Difficulties in the

Disposition of Copyhold Estates by Will. — [12fA July 1815.] 467

PART II. CLASS XII.

Land Revenue of the Crown.

[No. I.] 51 Henry III. st. 4.—(The Statute De Districtione Scaccarii.)~What Distress shall be taken for the King's Debts, and bow it shall be used - 469

51 Henry III. st. 5.—(De Scaccario).—When the King’s Fermors, Sheriffs, and Bailiffs shall make their Accompts and Payments. Who shall be Escbeators in several Shires - 470

[No. II.] 52 Henry III. c. 15—(Statute of MiRiBV8ROx)/»In what Places Distresses shall not be taken - 472

[No. III.] 3 Edward I. c. 4.—(Statute of Westminster, the First).—What shall be adjudged Wreck of the Sea, and what not - ib.

[No. IV.] 28 Edward I. st. 3. c. 12.-—(Articuli super Chartas).—What Distress shall he taken for the King's Debt, and bow it shall be used »•. 473

[No. V.] 17 Edward If. st. 1. c. 8.—(De Prerogativa Regis).— His Prerogative,

that Lapse of Six Months shall not prejudice bis Presentation - ib.

Cap. 9.—His Prerogative in the Custody of Lands of Idiots - ib.

Cap. 10.—His Prerogative in the Preservation of the Lands of Lunatics ib.

Cap.)1.—His Prerogative in having the Wreck of the Sea, Whales and Sturgeons - 474

Cap. 16—His Prerogative, that Knights Fees Advowsons and Dowers do not pass 1 from him without special Wards - ib.

VOL. I. 0

clxvi CONTENTS TO VOL. I. [hurt II.

Cap. 16.—His Prerogative in having the Lands of Felons attainted - 474

[No. VI.] 1 Henry IV. c. 6.—In a Petition to the King, of Lands, Offices, &c.

the Value‘shall be contained - ib.

[No. VII.] 8 Henry VI. c. 16.—By what Persons Escheators shall find an Office, and in what Time he shall certify it. A Patent made of Lands seised upon an Inquest - 475

[No. VIII.] 18 Henry VI. c. 1.—Letters Patent shall bear the Date of the King's

Warrant delivered into the Chancery - 476

[No. IX.] 18 Henry VI. c. 6.—No Lands shall be granted by Letters Patents,

until the King's Title be found by Inquisition - ib. '

[No. X. 1 18 Henry VI. c. 7.—In what Time an Eschefctor shall return an Office found before him - 477

[No. XI.] 1 Henry VIII. c. 8.—The Act of Escheators and Commissioners - ib,

[No. XII.] 1 Heury VIII. c. 10.—An Act to enlarge a Statute for the Traverse -of L inds seised in the King's Hands before Escheators - 479

[No. XIII.] 27 Henry VIII. c. 28.—All Monasteries given to the King, which *

have not Lauds above Two Hundred Pounds by the Year - 480

[No. XIV.] 31 Hiury VIII. c. 13.- An Act for Dissolution of Monasteries and* Abbics - ib.

[No. XV.] 32 Henry VIII. c. 20.—Concerning Privileges and Franchises ib.

No. XVI.] 34 and 35 Henry VIII. c. 19.—An Act for the Payment of Pensions granted out of the late Abhies - 484

No. XVII.] 31 and 35 Henry VIII. c. 21.—An Act for the Confirmation of Lands .

obtained by the King's Majesty by Exchange or otherwise of his Grace’s Subjects, or by his said Subjects of his Highness, notwithstanding the Misrecital either of Name Place or Date - ib.

[No. XVIII.] 1 Edward VI. c. 14.—The Act for Chantries Collegiate - 485,

[No - XlX.] 2 and 3 Edward VI. c. 8.—An Act for finding of Offices before Escheators - - ib *

[No. XX.] 3 and Edward VI. c. 4.—An Act concerning Grants and Gifts made

by Patentees out of Letters Patents - 488

[No. XXI.] 13 Elizabeth, c. 6.—An Act that the Exemplification or Gmstat of

Letters Patents shall be as good and available as the Letters Patents themselves - 489

[No. XXII. 1 21 James I. c. 2.—An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever - 9.

[No. XXIII.] 21 James I. c. 14.—An Act to admit the Subject to plead the General Issue in Informations of Intrusions brought on the behalf of the King's. Majesty, and retain bis possession till Trial - 4J2

[No. XXIV.] 21 James L c. 25.—An Act for the Relief of Patentees Tenants and Farmers of Crown Lands, and Duchy Lands, or of Lands within the.Survey of the Court of Wards and Liveries, iu Cases of Forfeiture for not Payment o£ their Rents, or other Service or Duty - 493

[No. XXV.] 22 Charles II. c. 6.—An Act for advancing the Sale of Fee-farm Rents, and other Rents - 494

[No. XXVI.] 22 and 23 Charles II. c. 24.—An Act for vesting certain Fee-farm Rents and other small Rents in Trustees - 498

[No. XXVII.] 5 William and Mary, c. 6.—An Act to prevent Disputes and Controversies concerning Royal Mines - 500

[No. XXVIII.] 1 Anne, st. 1. c. 7.—An Act for the better Support of her Majesty’s

Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown - ib,

[No. XXIX.] 10 Anne, c. 18.—An Act to give further Time for inrolling such Leaser granted from the Crown, as have not been inrolled within the respective limes therein‘limited; and for making the Pleading of Deeds of Bargain and

- Sale.wpUed, vtdqf fw; (win RepW, owr«evjr 403

CONTENTS TO VOL. I.

Class XII.]

clxvii

[No. XXX.] 9 George III. c. 16.—An Act to araeud and render more effectual

an Act made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever* - ib.

[No. XXXI. 1 }9 George III. c. 45.—An Act to enable the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster to sell and dispose of certain Fce*farm Rents, and other Rents, and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements within their Survey, and to encourage the Growth of Timber on Lands held of the said Duchy - 507

[No. XXXII.] 26 George III. c. 87.—An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods Forests and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown; and to sell or alienate Fee-farm and other unimprovable Rents - ib.

[No. XXX11I.] 27 George III. c. 34.—An Act to amend an Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his prescut Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster to sell and dispose of certain Fee-farm Rents, and other Rents, and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements within their Survey; and to encourage the Growth of Timber on Lauds held of the said Duchy j* and to enable the said Chancellor and Council to discharge incumbrances affecting the Possessions of the said .Duchy - 508

[No. XXXIV.] 30 George III. c. 50.—An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of bis present Majesty, intituled " An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown; and to sell or alienate Fee-farm and other unimprovable Rents - 508

[No. XXXV.] 31 George III. c. 75.—An Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and for the Sale of Fee-farm and other unimprovable Rents. — [11/A June 1794.] - ib.

[No. XXXVI.] 39 and 40 George III. c. 88.—An Act concerning the Disposition ofcertaiu Real and Personal Property of his Majesty his Heirs and Successors; and also of the Real and Personal Property of her Majesty and of the Queen Consort for the Time being. — [28/A July 1800.] - 518

[No. XXXVI. a.] 47 Geo. III. st. 2. c. 24.—An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of bis present Majesty, concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and also of the Real and Personal Property of her Majesty and of the Queen Consort for the Time being. — [1st August 1807.] - 519

[No. XXXVII.] 48 George III. c. 73.—An Act to improve the Land Revenue of the Crown in England, and also of his Majesty’s Duchy of Lancaster.— [18/A June 1808.] - 520

[No. XXXVIII.] 50 G*)rge III. c. 65.—An Act for uniting the Offices of Surveyor-General of the Land Revenues of the Crowu and Surveyor-General of his Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chases. — [9th June 1810.] - 533

[No. XXXIX.] 52 George III. c. 161.—An Art for enabling his Majesty to grant Leases under certain Circumstances, and for the better carrying into Effect the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of his preseut Majesty, touching the Formation of a Map of the New Forest in the County of Southampton, and continuing and extending other Provisions of the said Act; for further appropriating the Monies arisen or to arise from the Sale of certain Crown Lands under the Authority of divers Acts of Parliament; for aunexing certain Lands within the forest or Rockingham to his Majesty’s Manor of King's Cliff e; and for euabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to appropriate small* Portious of Laud lor Ecclesiastical Purposes. — [29/A July 1812.] - ib.

[No. XL.] 54 George III. c. 70.—An Act for the further Improvement of the Land Revenue of the Crowns—[17/A June 1814.] - 548

[No. XLI.] 55 George III. c. 134.—An Act for altering the Rate at which the Crown may exercise its Right of Pre-emption of Ore in which there is Lead.— [4HJuly 1815.] - S50

clxYiii CONTENTS TO VOL. I. [Part II.

[No. XLII.] 58 George III. c. 42.—An Act for enabling the Trustee of certain Premises at Great Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk, held in Trust for his Majesty, to execute a Conveyance of the same to a Purchaser thereof.— [28/A May 1810.] -:- 551

[No. XLII!.] 58 George III. c. 99.—An Act for altering and amending an ^ct made in the Fifty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, to amend an Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of his present Majesty, to improve the Land fteveuue of the Crowu so far as relates to the Great Forest of Brecknock in the County of Brecknock; and for vesting in Lis Majesty certain Parts of the said Forest, and for inclosing the said Forest.— [19/A June 1818.] - 552

[No. XLIV.] 58 George III. c. 100.—An Act for vesting in his Majesty certain

Parts of the Hayes of Birkland and Bilhagh, and of certain Commonable Lauds and Open Uuioclosed Grounds in the Township of Edwinsluwe within the Forest of Sherwood, in the County of Nottingham. — [10/A June 1818.] - 558

[No. XLV.] 59 George III. c.68.—An Act for exonerating the Manor ofDawlish,

in the County of Devon, from the Claims of the Crown against the Estate of John Inglett Fortetcue, Esquire.— [2d July 1819.] - 577

[No. XLVI.] 59 George III. c. 86.—An Act for regulating the Exercise of the Right of Common of Pasture in the New Forest, in the County of Southampton; for repealing certain Parts of Two Acts passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth and the Fifty-second Years of his present Majesty; and for the better Collection and Recovery of the Gale Rents in the Forest of Dean in the Couuly of Gloucester. — [7th July 1819.] - 5?9

[No. XLVIL] 59 George III. c. 94.—An Act to explain and amend Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth and Forty-seventh Years of his present Majesty, concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.— [12/A July 1819.] 583

[No. XLV1I1.] 1 George IV. c. 71.—An Act to enlarge the Time and Powers for

carrying the New Street Act into Execution; and to extend the Provisions of au Act, for ratifying an Agreement made with Lord Gage, and for the better Management and Improvement of the Land Revenues of the Crown. — [\hth July 1820.] - 585

[No. XLIX.] 1 George IV. c. 114.—An Act for enabling IVtlliam Bloc hall Si~ monds, Esquire, to sell or* mortgage Uis Estate and Interest in the Impropriate Rectory of Caver sham, lu the County of Oxford, free from the Claims of ttie Crown. — [24/A July 1820.] - 594

[No. L.] 1 and 2 George IV. c. 31.—An Act for removing Doubts as to the Continuance of the Hereditary Revenue in Scotland.— [28/A May 1821.] - 597

[No. LI.] 1 and 2 George IV. c. 52.—An Act to improve the Lau$} Revenues of

the Crown, and of his Majesty’s Duchy of Lancaster, and for making Pro-. visions and Regulations for the better Management thereof.— [15*A June 1821.] - ib.

[No. LI I.] 3 George IV. c. 78.—An Act to enable his Majesty to make Leases, Copies and Grants of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, or anuexed to the same. — [2Cth July 1822.] - 605

[No. LIII.] 4 George IV. c. 18 - —An Act concerning the disposition of certain

Property of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.— [26/A March 1823.] 607

[No. LIV.] 5 George IV. c. 48.—An Act to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury to sell out certain Bank Annuities now siandingin their names, and to apply the Produce thereof in part Payment of a Loan of Three Hundred Thousand Pounds, clue to the lioyal Exchange Assurance Company; and to facilitate the Sales of Fee-farm Rents, and of small portions of the Land Revenue of the Crown; and for other Purposes. — [3d June 1821.] - 607 a

[No. LV.] 5 George IV. c. 78.—An Act to amend an Act of the third Year of his

present Majesty, for enabling his Majesty to Lease Lauds belonging to the Duchy of Cornwall, and to authorise the Sale and Purchase of the Prisage rind Butlerage of Wines in the Ports of the County of Cornwall, and in Plymouth.— [17/A June 1824.] - 60Z»

[No. LVI. J .6 George IV. c. 17.—An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the fifty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, concerning the disposition of certain Real

Class XII.] CONTENTS TO VOL. I. clxfc

and Personal Property of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successor!. — [2d May 1835.] - 607 p

[No. LVII.] 7 George IV. c. &1.—An Act to confirm Sales made by the Surveyor-General and the Commissioners of the Land Revenue of the Cm wn, under an Act of the forty-eighth Year of his late Majesty. — [26th May 1826.]. 607

[No. LVIII.] 7 George IV. c. 77.—An Act to extend to Charing Cross the Strand and Places adjacent, the powers of an Act for making a more convenient communication from Marg-lc-bone Park; and to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Woods, Forests, and Laud Revenues, to grant Leases of the Site of Carlton Palace. — [31<fMay 1826.] - 607u

[No. LIX.] 7 George IV. c. 78.—An Act to vest in the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, the Powers of several Acts for the Improvement of the Streets near fPestmmster-Hall, and the Houses of Parliament; and to authorize the conversion of the Pavements in several Parts of the Metropolis into Broken Stone Road. — [31sf Mag 1826.] - i*.

[No. LX.] 7 and 8 George IV. c. 68.—An Act for the Management and Improvement of the Land Revenues of the Crown iu Ireland, and for other Purposes relating thereto. — [2d July 1827.] - t*.

[No. LX!.] 9 George IV. c. 70.—An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for extending to Charing-Cross, the Strand, and places adjacent, the Powers of an Act for making a more convenient communication from Mary-le-hone Park, and for enabling the Commissioners of his Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, to grant Leases of the Site of Carlton Palace; and for other Purposes relating thereto . — [19/A Julg 1828.] - 607 eee

[No. LXII.] 10 George IV. c. 50.—An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws

relating to the Management and Improvement of his Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chases of the Laud Revenue of the Crown, within the Survey of the Exchequer in England; and of the Land Revenue of the Crowu in Ireland: and for extending certain Provisions relating to the same to the Isles of Man and Alderney.— [19/A June 1829.] - 608

[No. LXIII.] 10 George IV. c. 61.—An Act to amend an Act of the seventh Year

of his present Majesty, for extending to Charing-Cross, the Strand, and Places adjaceut, the Powers of an Act for making a more convenient communication from Mary-ie-bone Path, —[2UA Jane 1829.] - 652

A

COLLECTION

' , OF THE

STATUTES,

Ifc. Sfc. Sfc.

PART I.

Of Persons and Corporations.

Class 1. Of Aliens, Denizens, and Naturalization.

— 2. Statutes relating to the Clergy.

— 3. Marriage.

— 4. Parent and Child.

— 5. Corporations.

CLASS f.

OF ALIENS, DENIZENS, AND NATURALIZATION.

[Bv 42 Ed. III. c. 10, entitled Children horn beyond Sea if inheritable in England, upon the Petition in Parliament by the Commonalty, praying that the Children born beyond Sea in the seigniories of Calais, Guyne, and Gascony, and elsewhere in the lands and seigniories of the Lord the King, shall be hereafter as heretofore inheritable of their heritages in England as other Children born in England, it was enacted and asserted, that the Common Law and the Statute (25 Ed. III. st. 2, which see infra) heretofore made upon this point, shall be observed and kept.

By Statutes It. II. i. 3, T R. II. c. 12, 1 Hen. V. c. 7, Aliens were prohibited to take benefices without the King's licence.

By 1 Ric. 1111 c. 9, entitled In what sort Italian Merchants may sell Merchandises—Several Restraints of Aliens, Provisions are contained to the following effect:—Italian Merchants shall sell their Merchandises in gross and employ their money in the commodities of this realm— Strangers shall sell their Wares within eight months after their arrival, and employ their money as above—Strangers may carry away so much as they cannot sell within eight months—Strangers may remove their goods from one port to another—a Stranger shall not be a host of a stranger unless he be of his own country—Aliens shall not buy and sell Wool or Woollen Cloth within this realm, nor make Woollen Cloth, nor deliver Wool to that end—an Alien shall not be an Handicraftsman— Aliens shall make no Cloth within this realm—Aliens shall sgll their Wares in gross, and not by Fetail—Aliens shall take no Servant but the King's subject—who shall* have forfeitures under the Act—the Act not to prevent Aliens from selling Books, written or printed, or inhabiting within the realm for that intent, —which Proviso is repealed by 25 Hen. VIII, c. 15.

\ QI-. I, 9

Of Aliens, Denizens, and Naturalization. [Part 1.

By 14 & 15 Hen. VIII. c. 2, entitled What Apprentices strange Artificers shalltake, it is enacted, that no Stranger shall take an Apprentice, but one that was bom under the King’s dbeisance, upon pain of forfeiting Ten pounds—that no Alien shall take above two Journeymen, except they be Dorn under the King’s obeisance (made perpetual by 21 lien. VIII, c. 16. a. 8, and explained by 22 Hen. VIII. c. 13.) A great many Provisions are inserted for regulating the Wares of Aliens. There is a Proviso, that the Act shall not extend to Strangers in the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, or within the Sanctuary of Saint Martin’s the Grand; and ulso a Proviso, that it should be lawful for any Lord of Parliament, and others the King’s subjects, having lands of the yearly value of one hun-hundred pounds, to retain Strangers, Joiners and Glaziers, in their service. This Act was made perpetual by 21 Hen. VIII. c. 16, 22 Hen. VIII. c. 13, but altered and amended by 32 Hen. VIII. c. 16.

The next Statute connected with the subject is 21 Hen. VIII. c. 16, u Touching Artificers, Strangers, what they may do as concerning retaining Apprentices, Journeymen, " &c. by which it is provided, amongst other things, that no Stranger, Artificer, shall keep in his house above two Strangers bom—(which is repealed by Stat. 5 Ehz. c. 4.)—that Aliens housekeepers shall bear such charges as the King’s subjects do—that Aliens shall be sworn to be true to the King, to obey him and his laws—that Aliens shall not assemble in conveRtkSes, butin their halls—that no Alien, dwelling in Oxford, Cambridge, or Saint Martin’s le Grand, shall have above ten persons, Aliens, in his house—(altered and amended by 32 Hen. VIII. c. 16, and see 5 Eliz. c. 4.)—and a Decree of the Star Chamber, containing a preamble respecting the mischiefs arising from the continual resort of Strangers, to the detriment of our own natural subjects, followed by several particular regulations, amongst others, that no Strangers but Denizens shall keep House or Shop, is ratified and confirmed.

The 22 Hen. VIII. c.13, was passed for Bakers, Brewers, Surgeons and Scriveners, not to be accounted Handicraftsmen within the laws prohibiting Aliens from exercising handicrafts.

By the Stat. 32 Hen. VIII. c. 16, Concerning Strangers, — the King calling unto his blessed remembrance the infinite number of Strangers and Aliens which daily do increase and multiply within his Grace's realms and dominions, in excessive numbers, to the great detriment hindrance loss and impoverishment of his Grace’s natural and liege Subjects, and noticing the former Statutes upon the subject, (1 R. III. c. 9. 14 & 15 H. VIII. c. 2, 21II. VIII. c. 16,) which have been frustrated chiefly by means of Letters Patent, obtained by the crafty suits inventions and practices of Strangers, lately made Denizens, which contain that every such Denizen shall be as free as Englishmen naturally born within the King’s Grace’s dominions and obeisance, any Acts or Statutes to the contrary notwithstanding, —it is enacted, that all Denizens shall be bound and obedient by and unto all the aforesaid Acts and Statutes, and to all the contents of the same, and to all other Acts and Statutes of this realm heretofore made, now being in their force and not repealed, any Letters Patent or Ordinances heretofore made, or hereafter to be made, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and that also in all and every Letters Patent for the making of any Denizen, to be made to any Stranger not being born under the King’s Grace’s dbeisance, shall be contained a Proviso, that he or they, to whom such Letters Patent shall be granted, shall be bound and obedient by and unto all the Acts and Estatutes of this Tealm as is aforesaid, and to all and every the contents of the same, except it shall be the King’s most gracious pleasure to grant to any such Alien any special liberties or privileges more or otherwise than is contained in the said Estatutes; and in that case all such liberties and privileges so to be granted to any such Alien, contrary to the form of any of the said Estatutes, shall he plainly wholly and particularly expressed specified and declared by special words, as well in the Bill assigned with the King’s Grace’s hand for obtaining of any such Grant, as in the Letters Patent, to be made out of the Chancery, for and concerning the same. Ip the same Act are

Class l.j

Of Alien», Denizens, end Naturalization *

8

contained Provisions, that no Alien dwelling in Oxford, Ac. c. shall keep above two Servants, that are Strangers, at one time—that every Alien shall be bound by and unto the Law* and Statutes of this realm, and to all and singular the contents of the same—that no Person may keep above two Strangers at one time, except Lords of Parliament, who may keep six—and lastly; it is enacted by Sec. 13, that all Leases of any Dwelling-house or Shop, within this realm or any of the King's dominions, made to any Stranger, Artificer, or Handicraftsman, bom out of the King’s obeisance, not being Denizen, from and after the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel next ensuing, shall be void and of none effect; and that no Stranger, Artificer, or Handicraftsman, bom out of the King’s obeisance, not being Denizen, shall, after the same Feast take any Lease of any Dwelling-house or Shop within this realm or in any other the King’s dominions, upon pain to lose and forfeit, for every time doing contrary to this Act, one hundred shillings; and that no persons after the same Feast shall grant or let to farm any Dwelling-house or Shop, to any such Stranger Artificer or Handicraftsman, not being Denizen, to the intent to dwell or inhabit in the same, upon like pain m one hundred shillings, the one moiety of which pains and forfeitures to ~ be to the King our Sovereign Lord, and the other moiety to such as wifi sue for the same.

As the above Provisions are not now of any practical importance, it was thought preferrible to refer to them by way of Note, ratner than to insert them in the body of the Collection.

There are several Regulations in the Statute Book respecting the payment of additional Duties by Aliens, but I apprehend that these nave become obsolete since the passing the Statute 27 Geo. III. c. 13, for Consolidating the Duties on the Customs, by which all former Duties are repealed, and in this and the subsequent Acts upon the subject for regulating the amount of Duties, no distinction is made with respect to Aliens.

By 6th Ann, c. 37, For the Encouragement of the Trade to America. Sec. 90, Provision was made for naturalizing toreigu Seamen, who should serve on board any of her Majesty’s ships of war, or any Privateer or Merchant ship] belonging to any of her Majesty's subjects, during the then present war, according to the Provisions of the Act.

By 13th Geo. II. c. 3, For the better Supply of Marinen and Seamen, to serve in hit Majesty’s Shins of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other Trading Skips and Privateers, permission is given to employ a greater proportion of foreign Seamen than is allowed by Stat. 19 Chas. II. and by Sec. 2, it is enacted, that for encouraging foreign Mariners and Seamen to come and serve on board ships belonging to Great Britain, every such foreign Seamen or Mariner, who shall have lawfully served during the time of war on board any of his Majesty’s ships of war, or any Merchant or other Trading ship or vessel, or Privateer, which at the time of such service shall belong to any of his Majesty’s subjects in Great Britain, shall be deemed and taken to be & natural-born Subject of his Majesty’s kingdom of Great Britain, and have and enjoy all the privileges powers rights and capacities which such foreign Mariner or Seamen would have had and enjoyed in case he had been a natural-born Subject of his Majesty, and actually a native within the kingdom of Great Britain, subject to the restrictions mentioned in Stat.

19 & 13 W. III. c. 9. Section 3 provides, that no persons naturalized thereby shall be enabled to be of the Privy Council, or a Member of either House of Parliament, or to take any Office or place of Trust, civil or military, or to have any grant of Lands from the Crown to himself, or any other person in trust tor him—and by Section it shall be law-fill for his Majesty, in any future war, to publish a Proclamation to permit Ships to be maimed with foreign Mariners, in the manner provided by the Act; and upon the publishing such Proclamation, the Act and every thing therein contained shall be deemed in full force and virtue during such war—and by 20 Geo. III. c. 20. For the better Supply

tMariners and Seamen, to teive in his Majesty's Ships of War, (

rd Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels, after reciting c

4

Of Aliens, Denizens, and Naturalization. [Part I.

a doubt whether Seamen who had served during the then present Hostilities should be deemed natural Subjects by virtue of the Act of' IS Geo. II. it is declared, that that Act and every thing therein contained is and has continued to be in full force.

By 22 Geo. II. c. 45, For the further Encouragement and Enlargement of the Whale Fishery, and for continuing such Laws as are therein mentioned relating thereto, and for the Naturalization of such foreign Protestants as shall serve, for the Time therein mentioned, on board such Ships as shall he fitted out for the said Fishery, certain Provisions are made for the purpose last mentioned, which, on account of the limited nature of the subject, it is not thought material to notice.

Previous to the commencement of the war of the French Revolution, an Act was passed, 33 Geo. III. c. 4, For establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein in certain Cases, which was continued from time to time during the war. Upon the termination of the war, the Statute 42 Geo. III. c. 92 was passed.

For rcjtctding several Acts for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or residing therein in certain Cases, and for sult-stituting other Provisions in lieu thereof Upon the recommencement of hostilities, the Statute 43 Geo. III. c. 155 was passed, To repeal an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, Jbr establishing Regulations respecting Aliens at'riving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, and for establishing, until Three Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein; and upon conclusion of the late peace, the Statute 54 Geo. III. c. 155, was passed, To repeal an Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in or resident in this Kingdom in certain Cases, and for substituting other Provisions, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, in lieu thereof. See farther, infra.

By the Irish Statute, 14 & 15 Chas. II. c 13, foreign Traders, Manufacturers, Mariners, &c. being Protestants, who should within seven years transport themselves with their Stock to Ireland, are naturalized, taking the Oaths.

These Provisions are continued with some variation, and are rendered more comprehensive, extending to all persons except Jews, sulrject to certain Regulations, by 19 & 20 Geo. III. c. 29—23 & 24 Geo. III. c. 38. The Statute 36 Geo. III. c. 43 contains further Provisions upon the subject, and seems to annul the exception of Jews, but coniines the benefit of the Statutes to persons who shall previously have obtained a Licence from the Chief Governor in Council.—See 1 Gabbett, c. 10, p. 307.

For Statutes 14 & 12 W. III. c. 6, for enabling natural-born Subjects to inherit, notwithstanding their Parents were Aliens, and 25 Geo. III. c. 39, obviating doubts on that Statute, see Part II. Class 1.]

[No. I.] A Statute made Anno 25 Edw. III. Stat. 2, and Anno Dom. 1350, of those that be born beyond Sea.— In what Place Bastardy pleaded against him that is born out of the Realm shall be tried.

25 Edward III. 1 ()UR Lord the King, at his Parliament holden at Westminster, at Scat. 2. the Utas of the Purification of our Lady, the year of his reign of

England the five and twentieth, and of France the twelfth, considering

* the great mischiefs and damages which have happened to the People € of his Realm of England, as well because that the Statutes ordained

* before this time have not been holden and kept as they ought to be, 1 as because of the mortal Pestilence that late reigned, and willing to provide for the quietness and common profit of his said People conve* nient remedyTherefore by the assent of the Prelates Earls Barons and other great Men, and all the Commons of his said Realm summoned to the Parliament, hath ordained and established the things under witteni videlitit, Because that some People be in doubt if chitChil-j

Class I.] Of Aliens, Denizens, and Naturalization.

dren born in the parts beyond the Sea, out of the ligeance of England, No. I.

should be able to demand any inheritance within the same ligeance or ok tit not, whereof a Petition was put in the Parliament late holden at West- q *

minster, the seventeenth Year of the Reign of our Lord the King that ^tat. now is, and was not at the same time wholly assented; our Lord the King, willing that all doubts and ambiguities should be put away, and the Law in this case declared and put in a certainty, hath charged the said Prelates Earls Barons and other wise men of his Council assembled in this Parliament, to deliberate upon this point; all which of one assent have said, That the Law of the Crown of England is, and always The King's hath been such, that the Children of the Kings of England, in whatsoever Children be in-parts they be bom, in England or elsewhere, be able and ought to bear heritable in the Inheritance after the aeath of their Ancestors, which Law our said Englrad, where-Lord the King, the said Prelates Earls Barons and other great Men, and all the Commons assembled in this Parliament, do approve and born* affirm for ever. And in the right of other Children bom out of the The Children ligeance of England in the time of our Lord the Kin?, they be of one of others born mind accorded, that Henry son of John de Beaumond, Elizabeth daughter beyond the Sea. of Guy de Bryan, and Giles son of Ralph Dawbeny, and other which the 42Ed.111. c. 10. King will name, which were bom beyond the Sea, out of the ligeance Denizen, Br. 14. of England, shall be from henceforth able to have and enjoy their Inheritance after the death of their Ancestors, in all parts within the ligeance of England, as well as those that should be born within the same ligeance.

And that all Children Inheritors, which from henceforth shall be bom 1 R. III. £4. without the ligeance of the King, whose fathers and mothers 1(1) at the Dyer 224. time of their birth be and shall be at the faith and ligeance of the King Co. Lit. 8. of England, shall have and enjoy the same benefits and advantages, to Geo. II. c. 21. have and bear the Inheritance within the same ligeance, as the other Inheritors aforesaid in time to come; so always that the Mothers of such Children do pass the Sea by the licence and wills of their Husbandsi And if it he alledged against any such born beyond the Sea, that he is a Trial of Bas-Bastard, in case where the Bishop ought to have cognisance of has- tardy pleaded tardy, it shall be commanded to the Bishop of the place where the against him demand is, to certify the King's Court where the plea thereof hangeth, which is bom as of old times hath been used in the case of bastardy alledged against ut England, them which were born in England.

(1) In Doe v. Jones, 4 T. R. 300, it was ar- contra. As to Children of natural-born Fathers,

gued, that this Provision attached, if either of the see Geo. II. c. 21, post No. 13; as to Grandparents were natural-born Subjects—but ruled children, 13 Geo. III. c.21, post No. 17.

[No. II.] 42 Edward III. c. 10.—Children born beyond # Sea if inheritable in England.

[See Note to the Title of this Class.J

[No. III.] 1 Richard III. c. 9.—In what sort Italian

Merchants may sell Merchandises—Several Restraints of Aliens. [See Note as in last Number.]

[No. IV.] 14 & 15 Henry VllLc.2.—What Apprentices

strange Artificers shall take, &c.

[See Note ut supra.]

[No. V.] 21 Henry V1IL c. 16.—Touching Artificers

Strangers, what they may do as concerning retaining Apprentices, Journeymen, 8cc.

[See Note ut supra.J

O/JUrnt, Denizen *, and Naturalisation,

[Part I

ft

No. VI.

3ft H. VIII. C No. VI.] 22 Henry VIII. c. 13.—For Bakers, Brewers, e. 13. Surgeons and Scriveners, not to beaccounted Handicrafts.

* _m —| [See Note ut supra.]

[No* VII.] 32 Henry VIII. c.16.—Concerning Strangers.

[See Note ut supra.]

[No. VIII.] 7 Jac. 1. c. 2.—An Act that all such as are to be naturalized, or restored in Blood, shall first receive the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, and the Oath of Allegiance and the Oath of Supremacy.

7 Jac. I. c. 2. 4 FORASMUCH as the Naturalizing of Strangers, and restoring to Blood

4 A persons attainted, have been ever reputed matters of mere grace and favour, which are no fit to be bestowed upon any others than such as are of the Religion now established in this realm* Be it therefore enacted by the Kind’s most excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled. That no person or persons of what quality condition or place soever, being of the age of Eighteen years or above, shall be naturalized or restored in Blood, unless the said person or persons have received the Sacrament (t) of the Lord’s Supper within one month next before any Bill exhibited for that purpose, and also shall take the Oath of Supremacy, and the Oath of Allegiance, in the Parliament-house, before his or her Bill be twice read. And for the better effecting of the Premises, Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Lord Chancellor of England, or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal for the time being, if the Bill begin in the Upper House, and the Speaker of the Commons House of Parliament for the time being, if the Bill begin there, shall have authority at all times during the Session of Parliament, to minister such oath and oaths, and to such person and persons, as by the true intent of this Statute is to be ministred. This Act to take place from and after the end of this present Session of Parliament.

(1) The Provision for caking the Sacrament waa dispensed with, as to Jews, by Statute 26 Geo. II. c. 26. This was the single Provision of the famous Jew Bill, which excited so great a ferment on the ground of its endangering the Religion of the Country, that the first Act of the following Session was a sacrifice to popular

clamour by its repeat The alarm seems to have operated even upon the enlightened mind of Sir Wm. Blackstone, who says, that it is not his intention to revive the controversy, for the Act lived only a few months and was then repealed; therefore, Peace be now to its manes.—1 Com. 375.

3P. [No. IX.] 12 & 13 William III. c. 2.—An Act for the

further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject.

Section 3.

[Among other Provisions in the Act of Settlement is the following:]

12 & 13Wm.III. HTHAT after the said limitation shall take effect as aforesaid, no person c. 2. $ 3. X born out of the kingdoms of England Scotland or Ireland, or the dominions thereunto belonging (although he be naturalized or made a Denizen, except such as arc born of English parents) shall be capable to be of the Privy Council, or a Member of either House of Parliament, or to enjoy any office or place of trust, either civil or military, or to have any grant of lands tenements or hereditaments from the Crown, to himself or to any other or others in trust for him.

Class I.] Of Aliens, Denizens, and Nadur<diiMi(m, f

[No. X.] 7 Ann. c. 5.—An Act for naturalizing Foreign No. X.

Protestants. 7 Anne, c. $.

WHEREAS the Increase of People is a means of advancing the wealth < and strength of a Nation: And whereas many Strangers of the

* Protestant or Reformed Religion, out of a due consideration of the happy Constitution of the Government of this realm, would be induced 1 to transport themselves and their estates into this kingdom, if they

* might be made partakers of the advantages and privileges which the natural-born subjects thereof do enjoy* Be it enacted, &c.

* All Persons taking the Oaths, and making and subscribing the De-" claration appointed by 6 Anns, c. 23. shall be deemed natural-boni " subjects. No Person to have the benefit of this Act, unless he have M received the Sacrament, " &c.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Children of nt-Children of all natural-born subjects born out of the liceance of her Ma- tural-born Sub-iesty, her heirs and successors, shall be deemed adjudged and taken to lbarn, M be natural-born subjects of this kingdom, to all intents constructions wwotd, to be and iHimoses whatsoever deemednatvnlAnd be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all Per- *

sons born out of the ligeance of her Majesty, her heirs or successors, who shall qualify themselves in the Courts of Chancery Quceri*-Bench%j^ Common Pleas or Exchequer, within the kingdom of Ireland, or at some general Quarter-Sessions of the Peace to be held for the county where he or they do or shall inhabit reside or settle within the said kingdom, in like manner as persons are by this Act required to do within the kingdom of Great Britain, all and every such persons shall be deemed adjudged and taken to be her Majesty’s natural-born subjects of the said kingdom of Ireland, to all intents constructions and purposes, as if"they and every of them had been or were boro within the said kingdom of Ireland.

[Repealed by 10 Anna, c. 5. Except what relates to the children of her Majesty’s natural-born subjects, boro out of her Majesty’s allegiance.

Vide 1 Geo. I. Stat. 2. c. 29.

[No. XI.] 10 Anne, c. 5.—An Act to repeal the Act of 10 A*aerc.6»

the seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Foreign Protestants (except what relates to the Children of her Majesty’s natural-born Subjects bom out of her Majesty’s Allegiance.)

* "WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was made and passed in the seventh 7 Anne, & 5# f year of her Majesty’s reign, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing Fo‘ reign Protestants: And whereas divers mischiefs and inconveniences

* have been found by experience to follow from the same, to the di9Cou* rage men t of the natural-born subjects of this kingdom, and to the de* triment of the trade and wealth thereof* Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lord’s Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the before-mentioned Act, and all the matters and things therein contained (except so much of the said Act by which the children of all natural-born subjects born out of the allegiance of her Majesty, her heirs and successors, are to be deemed adjudged and taken to be natural-boro subjects of this kingdom) shall be, and is hereby repealed annulled and made void, to all intents and purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, That such repeal shall not in any sort prejudice or impeach the naturalization of any persons who have been or shall be naturalized at any time before the fourth day of February which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eleven, pursuant to the directions of the before-mentioned Act [Vide Geo. II. c. 21, which explains the clause in TAnu. c. 6.1

Of Aliens, Denizens, and Naturalization.

[Part I.

[No. XII.] 1 Geo. I. Stat. 2. c. 4.—An Act to explain

the Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject.

121c 13 W. III.

c. 2.

curing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, il is amongst other things enacted, That from and after the time that the further limitation of

* the Crown by that Act should take effect, no person bom out of the 1 kingdom of England Scotland or Ireland, or the Dominions thereunto (belonging, although he be naturalized or made a Denizen, except such 1 as are bom of English parents, shovdd be capable to be of the Privy

* Council, or a Member of either House of Parliament, or to enjoy any

* office or place of trust, either civil or military, or to have any grant of lands tenements or hereditaments from the Crown, to himself or to any others in trust for him: And whereas some doubts have arisen

N° concerning the construction of the said law; ' Be it declared and enacted

turalixed before King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and con5ent ^e I'01'1!3 Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament " assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it was not the intent and meaning of the said Act, that the said clause, or any thing therein contained, should extend, nor shall the said clause be construed adjudged or taken to extend, to disable or incapacitate any person, who at or before his Majesty's Accession to the Crown was naturalized, to be of the Privy Council, or a Member of either House of Parliament, or to take or enjoy any office or place of trust, either civil or military, or to take or have any grant of lands tenements or hereditaments from the Crown, to himself, or any other in trust for him.

II. And for the better preserving the said recited clause in the said

accession inca pacitsted to be a Privy Counsellor, or s Member of Parliament, or to have any office of trust, grant of lands, &c.

No person shall

hereaftor be na- c Act of the twelfth year of the late King William the Third, e turabxM, unless t inviolable; ' Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Th

in the Bill them be such a disabling clause inserted.

entire and That no person shall hereafter be naturalized; unless in the Bill exhibited for that purpose there be a clause or particular words inserted to declare, that such person shall not thereby be enabled to be of the Privy-Council, or a m a n Member of either House of Parliament, or to take any office or place of

be received trust> either civil or military, or to have any grant of lands tenements in either House or hereditaments from the Crown, to himself, or any oilier person in of Parliament txust for him; and that no Bill of Naturalization shall hereafter be without such received in either House of Parliament, unless such clause or words be clause. See first inserted or contained therein.

5 Bur. 2787.

[No. XIII.] 4 Geo. II. c. 21.—An Act to explain an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for naturalizing Foreign Protestants, which relates to the Children of the natural-born Subjects of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain.

7 Anne, c. 5. s Y^HISREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the seventh year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for natut- raining of Foreign Protestants, it is amongst other things enacted, 1 That the children of all natural-born subjects, born out of the ligcance of her said late Majesty, her heirs and successors, should be deemed adjudged and taken to be natural-born subjects of this Kingdom to all 10 Anne, c.5. < intents constructions and purposes whatsoever: And whereas in the

4 tenth year of her said late Majesty's reign another Act was made and passed to repeal the said Act (except what related to the children of ner Majesty's natural-born subjects, bom out of her Majesty's alle- glance:) And whereas some doijbts have arisen upon the construction

* VjUUvlL

No. XIII.

4 Geo. II. c. 21.

Children of naClass I.] Of Aliens, Denizens, and Naturalization^ 9

• of the said recited clause in the said Act of the seventh year of her •-late Majesty’s reign Now for the] explaining the said recited clause in the said Act, relating to children of natural-born subjects, and to prevent any disputes touching the true intent and meaning thereof, May it please your most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That tural born Sub-all children born out of the ligeance of the Crown of England, or of jects born out of Great Britain, or which shall hereafter be born out of such ligeance, the allegiance whose fathers were or shall be natural-born subjects of the Crown of, pro'Y"» England or of Great Britain, at the time of the birth of such children respectively, shall and may, by virtue of the said recited clause in the ur ra* said Act of the seventh year o'f the reign of her said late Majesty, and 7 Anne, c. 5. §3. of this present Act, be adjudged and taken to be, and all such children are hereby declared to be, natural-born subjects of the Crown of Great Britain, to all intents constructions and purposes whatsoever.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the Children of Pi-authority aforesaid, That nothing in the said recited Act of the seventh rents attainted year of her said late Majesty’s reign, or in this present Act contained, of Treason, did doth or shall extend, or ought to be cctastrucd adjudged or taken to extend, to make any children bom or to be born out of the ligeance of the Crown of England, or of the Crown of Great Britain, to be natural-born subjects of the Crow n of England, or of Great Britain, whose fathers at the time of the birth of such children respectively were or shall be attainted of High Treason, by judgment outlawry or otherwise, either in this Kingdom or in Ireland, or whose fathers at the time of the birth of such children respectively, by any law or laws made in this Kingdom or in h eland, were or shall be liable to the penalties of High Treason or Felony, in case of their returning into this Kingdom or into Ireland without the licence of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or of any of his Majesty’s Itoyal Predecessors, or whose fathers at the time of the birth of such children respectively w'erc or shall be in the actual °r, n actual scr-service of any foreign Prince or State then in enmity with the Crown of jjc.e fore*gn England or of Great Britain, but that all such children are were and Fences in en-shall be and remain in the same state plight and condition, to all intents With lhe

Act of the seventh year of her said late Majesty’s reign, contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority afore- Proviso, said. That if any child, whose father at the time of the birth of such child was attainted of High Treason as aforesaid, or was liable to the penalties of High Treason or Felony, in case of returning into this Kingdom or Irehmd without licence as aforesaid, or was in the actual service of any foreign Prince or State then in enmity with the Crown of England, or of Great Britain (other than.and excepting always out of this proviso all children of such persons who went out of Ireland in pursuance of the articles of Limerick) hath come into Great Britain or Ireland or any other of the Dominions belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, and hath continued to reside within Great Britain or Ireland, or other the Dominions aforesaid, for the space of two years, at any time between the sixteenth day of November in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight, and the twenty-fifth day of March in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, and during such residence hath professed the Protestant Religion; or if any child w hose father at the time of his or her birth was within any of the descriptions before-mentioned, hath come into Great Britain or Ireland\ or any of the Dominions belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, and professed the Protestant Religion, and died within Great Britain or Ireland, or any other of the Dominions aforesaid, at any time between the said sixteenth day of November in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight, and the said twenty-fifth day of MarchDin the y^af c

10 Of Aliens, Denizens, and Naturalization. [Parti.

No. XIII. our Lord one thous&ud seven hundred and thirty-one; or if any child, 4 Geo II wh°s* father at the time of his or her birth was within any of the descriptions before-mentioned, hath been and continued in the actual

c. possession or receipt of the rents and profits of any lands tenements or

hereditaments in Great Britain or Ireland, for the space of one whole year, at any time between the said sixteenth day of November in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight, and the said twenty-fifth day of March in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, or hath bona fide, and for good and valuable consideration, sold conveyed or settled any lands tenements or hereditaments in Great Britain or Ireland, and any person claiming title thereto, under such sale conveyance or settlement, hath been and continued in the actual possession or receipt of the rents and profits thereof for the space of six months, between the said sixteenth day of November in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight, and the said twenty-fifth day of March in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, every such child shall be deemed adjudged and taken to be and to have been a natural born subject of the Cron n of England, or of the Crown of Great Britain, to all intents constructions and purposes whatsoever; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

[No. XIV.] 13 Geo. II. c. 7-—An Act for naturalizing such Foreign Protestants, and others therein mentioned, as are settled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty’s Colonies in America.

13 Geo. II. c. 7. < WHEREAS the increase of people is a means of advancing the wealth 1 and strength of any nation or country: And whereas many

* Foreigners and Strangers, from the lenity of our Government, the purity

* of our Religion, the benefit of our Laws, the advantages of our Trade, and the security of our Property, might be induced to come and settle in some of his Majesty’s Colonies in America, if they were made partakers of the advantages and privileges which the natural-born Subjects

* of this realm do enjoy* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritural and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

Foreigners liv- assembled, and by the authourity of the same, That from and after the ing seven yean first day of June in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and in any of our forty, all persons born out of the ligeance of his Majesty, his Heirs or Colonies to be Successors, who have inhabited and resided, or shall inhabit or reside, deemed Na- for the space of seveu years or more, in any of his Majesty’s Colonies in tives, on taking America, and shall not have been absent out of some of the said Colonies the oaths, &c. for a longer space than two months at any one time during the said seven years, and snail take and subscribe the oaths, and make repeat and subscribe the declaration appointed by an Act made in the first year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty s Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of' the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; ami for extinguishing the hopes of the pretended Prince if Wales, his open and secret Abettors; or, being of the people called Quakers, shall make and subscribe the Declaration of Fidelity, and take and affirm the effect of the Abjuration Oath appointed and subscribed by an Act made in the eighth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, Quakers to sub- An Act for granting the people called Quakers, such Forms of Affirmation scribe the de- or Declaration, as may remove the Difficulties which many of them lie under; claration of and also make and subscribe the profession of his Christian Belief,

fidelity, &c. appointed and prescribed by an Act made in the first year of the reign

of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, Jin Act for exempting their Majesties Protestant Subjects from the penalties of certain Lams; before the Chief Judge or other Judge of the Colony wherein such persons respectively have so inhabited ana resided, or shall

VjUvJvIC

Class I.] Of Aliens, Denizens, and Naturalization.

so inhabit or reside, shall be deemed adjudged and taken to be his Majesty's natural born subjects of this Kingdom, to all intents constructions and purposes, as if they and every of them had been or were born within this kingdom; which said oath or affirmation and subscription of the said declarations respectively, the Chief Judge or other Judge of every uf the said respective Colonies is hereby enabled and ini powered to administer and take; and the taking and subscribing of every such oaths or affirmation, and the making repeating and subscribing of every such declaration, shall be before such Chief Judge or other Judge in open Court, between the hours of nine and twelve in the forenoon; and shall be entered in the same Court, and also in the Secretary's Office of the Colony wherein such person shall so inhabit and reside: And every Chief Judge or other Judges of every respective Colony, before whom such oaths or affirmation shall be taken, ana every such declaration shall be made repeated and subscribed as aforesaid, is hereby required to make a due and proper entry thereof in a book to be kept for that purpose in the said Court; tor the doing whereof two shillings and no more shkll be paid at each respective place, under the penalty and forfeiture of ten pounds of lawful money or Great Britain for every neglect or omission:And in like manner every Secretary of the Colony wherein any person shall so take the said oaths or affirmation, and make repeat and subscribe the said declarations respectively as aforesaid, is hereby required to make a due and proper entry thereof in a book to be kept for that purpose in his office, upon notification thereof to him by the Chief Judge or other Judge of the said Colony, under the like penalty and forfeiture for every such neglect or omission.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person, of what quality condition or place soever, other than and except such of the people called Quakers as shall qualify themselves and be naturalized by the ways and means herein beforementioned, or such who profess the Jewish religion, shall be naturalized by virtue of this Act, unless such person shall have received the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper in some protestant and reformed congregation within this Kingdom of Great Britain, or within some of the said Colonies in America within three months next before his taking and subscribing the said oaths, and making repeating and subscribing the said declaration; and shall at the time of his taking and subscribing the said oaths, and making repeating and subscribing the said declaration, produce a certificate signed by the person administering the said Sacrament, and attested by two credible witnesses, whereof an entry shall be made in the Secretary's office of the Colony wherein such person shall so inha-habit and reside, as also in the court where the said oath shall be so taken as aforesaid, without any fee or reward.

III. And whereas the following words are contained in the latter part of the Oath of Abjuration, Videlicit (upon the true faith.of a Christian:) f And whereas the people professing the Jewish religion may thereby be prevented from receiving’the benefit of this Act; * Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whenever any person professing the Jewish religion shall present himself to take the Oath of Abjuration in pursuance of this Act, the said words (upon the true faith of a Christian) shall be omitted out of the said oatn in administering the same to such person, and the taking and subscribing the said oath by such person professing the Jewish religion, without the words aforesaid, and the other oaths appointed by the said Act, in like manner as Jews were permitted to take the Oath of Abjuration by an Act made in the tenth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige all Persons, being Papists, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and all Persons in Great Britain, refusing or neglecting to take the Oaths appointed for the security of his Majesty's Person and Government, by several Acts herein mentioned, to register their names and real estates; and for enlarging the Tune for taking the said Oaths} and mking suck Registers, and for allowing further timefdrt

Each qualified person to receive the Sacrament, except Quakers and Jews.

20 Geo.ll. c.44 *

Jews taking the Oaths, may omit some expressions.


12 Of Jliens, Denizens, and Naturalization. f[l

No. XIV. Inrolment of Deed$ or Wills made by Papists, which have been omitii 10 tj enrolled pursuant to an Act of the third year of his Mtyesly's reign; a for £ivmS Relief to Protestant Lessees, shall be deemed a sufficient 1

c* of the said oaths, in order to intitle such person to the benefit of naturalized by virtue of this Act.

Certificates. IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, *1 testimonial or certificate under the seal of any of the said Coloni any persons having resided and inhabited lor the space of seven or more as aforesaid within the said Colonies or some of them, specified in such certificate, together with the particular time of rest in each of such respective Colonies ([whereof the Colony under tin of which such certificate shall be given to be one,) and of his h taken and subscribed the said oaths, and of his having made re ed and subscribed the said declaration; and in case of a Quaker, 4 having made and subscribed the Declaration of Fidelity, and of his hi taken and affirmed the effect of the Abjuration Oath as aforesaid; This clause is in the case of a person professing the Jewish religion, of Ins having t extended by 20 the Oath of Abjuration as aforesaid, within the same Colony, undei Geo. II. c. 44. 8eal whereof such certificate shall be given as aforesaid, shall be dec and taken to be a sufficient testimony and proof thereof, and of his I a natural born subject of Great Britain, to all intents and purposes w soever, and as such shall be allowed in every Court within the Kingd of Great Britain and Ireland, and also in the said Colonies in Amine<

Secretary of the V. And be it further enacted by the authori.y aforesaid, That ev

Colony to send Secretary of the said respective Colonies for the time being, shall an< over lists to be hereby directed and required at the end of every year, to be compu registered in from the sai(J fjrst jav of june in year of our Lor(j one thousand sc

England j hundred and forty, to transmit and send over to the office of the C«

missioners for Trade and Plantations kept in the City of London or II minister, a true and perfect list of the names of all and every person persons who have in that year intitled themselves to the benefit of on Penalty of Act, under the penalty and forfeiture of fifty pounds of lawful mo 50& of Great Britain for every neglect or omission: all which said lists

transmitted and sent over, shall from year to year be duly and reguli entered by the said Commissioners, in a book or books to be had; kept for that purpose in the said Office, for public view and inspecti as occasion shall require, proviao. VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That

Extended to the person who shall become a natural-born subject of this Kingdom by Unitas Fratrum tue of this Act, shall be of the Privy Council, or a Member of eit by 20 Geo. II. House of Parliament, or capable of taking having or enjoying any of c. 44. . or place of trust within the Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, eiil

flee farther 22 civil or military, or of having accepting or taking any grant from 1 Geo. II. c. 45, Crown to himself, or to any other in trust fur him, of any lands tci and 19 Geo. II. ments or hereditaments within the Kingdoms of Great Britain orIreUi. c. 5. enabling any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any \s h, . Majesty to notwithstanding, grant Commis-

lions to a certain number of foreign Protestants to act in America.

[No. XV.] 20 Geo. II. c. 44.—An Act to extend t Provisions of an Act made in the thirteenth Year his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for ? turalizwg such Foreign Protestants, and others ther mentioned, as are settled, or shall settle in any of his A jesty's Colonies in America, to other Foreign Protesta who conscientiously scruple the taking of an Oath.

31 Geo. II. c. 7. WHEREAS by an Act made in the thirteenth year of his present 3

Majesty’s reign, intituled, an Act for naturalizing such foreign Pro

* fonts, and others therein mentioned, as art settled, or shall settle in any of

1 Majesty's Colonies in America; it was enacted, That from and a

1C

Of Aliens, Denizens, and Naturalization»

l[h»

' ken

ft reign; as the first day of June in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hun-i sufficient t« dred and forty, all persons born out of the ligeance of his Majesty his c benefit o(‘l* heirs or successors, who had inhabited, and resided, or should inhabit {and reside for the space of seven years or more, in any of his Majesty’s foresaid, Tts Colonies in America, and should not have been absent out of some of the said Colonic/ ?aid Colonies for a longer space than two months at any one time, during; e of seven J the said seven years, and should take and subscribe the oaths, and make e of them, V repeat and subscribe the declaration appointed by an Act made in the time of recite1 first year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, v under the/ An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person and Government, cl of bis h/ and the Succession of the Crown in the heirs of the late Princess Sophia, z made r?> 1 being Protestants; and for extinguishing the hopes of the pretended Prince i Quaker, c 1 of Wales, his open and secret Abettors; or being of the people called nd of hiitar Quakers, should make and subscribe the Declaration of Fidelity, and aforesaid; t 4 ta^e an^ the effect of the'Abjuration Oath, appointed and prei$ having scribed by an Act made in the.eighth year of the reign of his said late uny, under s 4 Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting the people called Quakers, such liaj/be Jr forms of Affirmation and Declaration, as may remove the Difficulties which id of bisk manU of them lie under; and also make and subscribe the profession of purposesr± Christian Belief, appointed and prescribed by an Act made in the first thefrfi«fj 4 year lfic reign of theft late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, in Azra intituled, An Act for exempting their Majesties’ Protestant Subjects from the Penalties of certain Laws, before the Chief Judge or other Judge of the

* Colony wherein such persons respectively had so inhabited ana resided, or. should so inhabit and reside, should be deemed adjudged and

* taken to be his Majesty’s natural-born Subjects of this Kingdom, 4 to all intents constructions and purposes, as if they and every one of

1 Geo. I. c. 13 *

8 Geo. III. c. 13.

1 W. & M.st.l. c. 18.

id,

1, sail jM \> be o.-mpMUrd jotisan-of the Coo-iJon or v pe non ad ndit of tb wful monfT jid lists d regular e had aat n>pectiuiL

That no

>m by rir-of cither anrotke hfeither tru.n the id' tcue-; Ireland; any *bC

id the ear of >r m- herein s A/a-stants

ntMa-PtoUb y af hit after

He!. them had been or were born within this Kingdom:And whereas many uad the people of the Congregation called the Moravian Brethren, and other foreign Protestants, not Quakers, who conscientiously sciuple the taking of an oath, are settled in his Majesty’s Colonies in America, and demean themselves there as a sober quiet and industrious people, and

* many others of the like persuasion are desirous to transport themselves

* thither; and if the benefit of the said Act made in the thirteenth year of

* his present Majesty’s reign were extended to them, they who are now there would thereby be encouraged to continue their residence in his

* Majesty’s Colonies, and others would resort thither in greater numbers, f whereby the said Colonies would be improved, their strength increased, f and their trade extended; * Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-seven, all foreign Protestants, who conscientiously scruple the taking of an oath, and who are born out of the ligeance ot his Majesty his heirs or successors, who have inhabited and resided, or shall inhabit and reside, for the space of seven years or more, in any of his Majesty’s Colonies in America, and shall not have been absent out of some of the said Colonies for a longer space than two months at any one time during the said seven years, and snail make and subscribe the Declaration of Fidelity, and take and affirm the effect of the Abjuration Oath, appointed and prescribed by the said recited Act made in the eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and also make and subscribe the profession of his Christian Belief, appointed and prescribed by the said recited Act made in the first year of the reign of their late Majesties King Wit.liam and Queen Mary, before the Chief Judge or other Judge of the Colony wherein such persons respectively have so inhabited ana resided, or shall so inhabit and reside, shall be deemed adjudged and taken to be his Majesty’s natural-born Subjects of this Kingdom, to all intents constructions and purposes as if they and every of them had been or were born within this Kingdom; which said Affirmation and subscription of the said Declaration, the said Chief or other Judge of every of the said respective Colonies is hereby enabled and empowered to administer and takc^vWl

Foreign Protestants residents in America seven years, who scruple an oath, upon making and subscribing the Affirmation of Fidelity and Declaration }

to be deemed natural-born Subjects,

14

No. XV.

SO Geo. II. c. 44.

Persons to qualify themselves by taking the Sacrament.

Certificate and entry thereof to he made.

Provisions of Act 13 Geo. II. with regard to Certificates, Ac. c. extended tosuch foreign Protestants.

Privileges of natural-born Subjects, &c.

Restrictions.

Persons excluded from thisorl3 Geo.il.

4 Geo. II. c. 21.

Of Aliens, Denizens, and Naturalization. fPart I.

the taking of every such Affirmation, and the making and subscribing of every such Declaration, shall he in such manner and place, and at such times and hours, and such entries made thereof, and for the same fees, and under the same penalties, as in the said recited Act of the thirteenth year of his Majesty's reign are mentioned; and lists of the persons who shall take the benefit of this Act, shall be transmitted to the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations in like manner and under the same penalties as lists of the persons taking the benefit of the said Act are thereby directed to be transmitted.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person shall be naturalized by virtue of this Act, unless such person shall have received the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper in some Protestant or Reformed Congregation, within some of the said Colonies in America, within three months nextbeforehis taking such Affirmation, and making and subscribing such Declaration, and shall at the time of his taking such affirmation and making and subscribing such declaration produce a Certificate, signed by the person administering the said Sacrament, and attested by two credible witnesses, whereof an entry shall be made in the Secretary's office of the Colony wherein such person shall so inhabit and reside, as also in the Court where the said Affirmation shall be so taken as aforesaid, without any fee or reward.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the provisions contained in the said Act made in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty’s reign, with regard to Certificates of Residence, and of having made and subscribed the said Declaration, and taken the said Affirmation, and as to such Certificates being made evidence in the Courts of Great Britain and Ireland, and also in the said Colonies, and all other the benefits of the said Act, shall extend to foreign Protestants, who conscientiously scruple the taking of an oath, and who shall be qualified as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, That the said foreign Protestants shall enjoy the privileges of natural born subjects, and all the benefits of this Act, and the said Act of the thirteenth year of his Majesty’s reign.

V. Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted, That no person who shall become a natural-born subject of this Kingdom by virtue of this Act, shall be of the Privy Council, or a Member of either House of Parliament, or capable of taking having or enjoying any office or place of trust within the Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, either civil or military, or of having accepting or taking any grant from the Crown to himself, or to any other in trust for him, of any lands tenements or hereditamentswithin the Kingdoms ot Great Britain or Ireland; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act, or in the said recited Act of the thirteenth year of his Majesty’s reign contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to naturalize any person or persons whatsoever, who by virtue of an Act made in the fourth year of his Majesty’s reign, (intituled An Act to explain a clause in an Act made in the seventh year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for naturalizing foreign Protestants, which relates to the Children of natural-born Subjects of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain) are* declared and enacted not to be entitled to the benefit of the said Act of the seventh year of her said late Majesty’s reign, but that all such persons shall be and remain in the same state plight and condition, to all intents constructions and purposes whatsoever, as they would have been in if the said recited Act of the thirteenth year of his Majesty’s reign, or this Act, had never been made; any thing m this Act, or in the said recited Act of the thirteenth year of his Majesty’s reign, contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

[Parti

rribice at si-fees, s. nth tn ho sL onerv: Jties i-iirerttO

41k

pernor rotes:-ies id i, and >f hi* ation icra-ha// rson I •ma-!

the

fhi>

k! of said the dal! mts, \mthe

and

son

? of

' .of

ace

or

rn

or

5ty

rd

e

n

r

i

r

t

Class 1.] Of Aliens, Denizens, and Naturalization. 15

[No. XVI.] 2 Geo. III. c. 25.—An Act for naturalizing such foreign Protestants as have served, or1 shall serve 8 for the time therein mentioned, as Officers or Soldiers in t his Majesty's Royal American Regiment, or as Engineers in America,

WHEREASby an Act made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late Preamble ref Majesty King George the Second, intitutled, An Act for naturaliz- citing Acta.

* ing such foreign Protestants, and others therein mentioned, as are settled or 13 Geo. II. c. 7, 1 shall settle in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America; all persons born

* out of the ligeance of his Majesty his heirs or successors, who shall

* have inhabited and resided, or shall inhabit or reside, for the space of seven years or more, in any of his Majesty’s Colonies in America, or shall not have been absent out of the said Colonies for a longer space 1 than two months at any one time during the said seven years, are, upon the conditions prescribed by the said Act, naturalized and made par* takers of all the benefits and privileges which the natural born subjects

* of this realm do enjoy, other than such as are specified in a proviso

* in the said Act contained: And whereas Commissions have been 1 granted to a certain number of foreign Protestants in America, in pursuance of a power given by a subsequent Act of the twenty-ninth year

* of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An an^ 29 C5co.II.

* Act to enable his Majesty to grant Commissions to a certain Number of c *

* foreign Protestants who have served abroad as Officers or Engineers, to act

* find rank as Officers or Engineers in America only under certain Restrictions 1 and Qualifications; which said Officers have been very useful to his

* Majesty’s service, by the raising of a great number of men, and training

* them to discipline as soldiers: And whereas several of the said Officers,

* since the passing of the above recited Acts, have purchased estates in America, by which, as well as by their faithful services, they have given the

* strongest assurances of their attachment and fidelity to his Majesty’s € Government: And whereas it is just to reward the past services of the said Officers and Soldiers, and to give encouragement for their future

* good conduct; and it is likewise expedient to add inducements to such loreign Protestants as have settled, or may hereafter settle, in America,

to engage in his Majesty's service; ’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all such foreign Protestants, as well Officers as Soldiers, who have served or shall hereafter serve, in the Royal American Regiment, or as Engineers in America, for the space of two years, and shall take and subscribe the oaths, and make repeat and subscribe the declaration appointed by an Act made in the first year of the reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled,

An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, his open and secret Abettors; and shaft, aUhe time of subscribing the said oaths, and making repeating and subscribing the said declaration, produce certificates, signed in manner directed by the above recited Act of the thirteenth of his late Majesty, of their having received the Sacrament in some Protestant and Reformed Congregation within the Kingdom of Great Britain, or within some of the said Colonies in America, within six months before that time, shall be deemed adjudged and taken to be his Majesty’s natural-born subjects of this Kingdom to all intents constructions and purposes, as if they and every of them had been or were born within this Kingdom; and that no estates of what nature or kind soever purchased by them or any of them, in any of his Majesty’s Colonies in America, since the passing of the above recited Act of the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, shall be liable to seizure into the hands of his Majesty his heirs or successors, or their titles thereto he otherwise impeached by reason of their having been Aliens at the timV

Of Allens, Denizens, and Naturalization.

f Part 1

• Sic. in orig. but the Act re* ferred to is the 4th of Geo. II.

of their making the said purchases, the above recited Acts, or any otl^ Statute Law or tiling whatsoever to the contrary, notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thj nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend tj naturalize any person or persons whatsoever, who, by virtue of an Atj made in the fourth year of the reign of his late Majesty King Geo no the first, * (intituled An Act to explain a clause in an Act made in the scvent\ year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen An NE, t for naturalizing fore ig\ Protestants, which relates to the Children of natural-born Subjects of Ik Crown of England, or of Great Britain) are declared and enacted not to U intitled to the benefit of the said Act of the seventh year of her sak Majesty’s reign; but that all such persons shall he and remain in tin same state plight and condition, to all intents constructions and purposes w hatsoever, as they would have been in if this Act had never been ina.de any thing herein contained to the-contrary hi any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no person who hlial become a natural born subject of this Kingdom by virtue of this Act shall be thereby enabled lobe of the Privy Council, or a Member of eithe House of Parliament, or to be capable ot taking having or enjoying any office or place of trust Within the Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland cither civil or military, or of having accepting or taking any grant from the Crown to himself ', or to any other in trust for him, of any lands te« nements or hereditaments, wilhiu the Kingdoms aforesaid; any thin^ herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

[No. XVII.] 13 Geo. III. c. 21.—An Act to extend the

Provisions of an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to explain a Clause in an Act made in the sevetith Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Annk, for naturalizing Foreign Protestants, which relates to the Children of the natural-born Subjects of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain, to the Children of suck Children.

13G«o.IlI. c.21. 4WHEREAS divers natural-born subjects of Great Britain, who profess

4 and exercise the Protestant religion, through various lawful causes, 4 especially for the better carrying on of commerce, have been and arc obliged to reside in several trading Cities and other foreign places, where they have contracted marriages, and brought up families: And whereas it is equally just and expedient that the kingdom should not be deprived of such subjects, nor lose the benefit of the wealth that they have acquired; and therefore that not only the children of such natural-born subjects, but their children also, should continue under the allegiance of his Majesty, and be entitled to come into this kingdom, and to bring hither and realize, or otherwise employ their capital; but no provision hath hitherto been made to extend farther than to the children born out of the ligeance of his Majesty, whose fathers were natural-born sub* 4jects of the Crown of England or of Great Britain:9 May it therefore please your most eipellent Majesty that it may be cn&cted, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That ail persons born, or who hereafter shall be bom, out of the ligeance of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain, whose fathers were or shall be, by virtue of a Statute made in the fourth year of King George the Second, to explain a clause in an Act made in the seventh year of the reign of her Majesty Queen Anne, for naturalizing foreign Protestants, which relates to the natural-born subjects of the Crown ot England or of Great Britain, intitled to all the rights and privileges of natural-born subjects of the Crown of England or of Great Britain, shall and may be

tfylass I.] 0/ Aliens, Denizens, and NaluraUzatioiU

' ^or5tfjudged and taken to be, and are hereby declared and enacted to be,; ‘s(. Atural-born subjects of the Crown of Great Britain, to all intents, rfourostniction9 and purposes whatsoever, as if he and they had been or

\ferc k°m *n kingdom any thing contained in an Act of the

g(

itmtk*Rights and Liberties of the Subject, to the contrary in anywise notwith

17

No. xv h.

13 Geo. III.

c. 21.

ni!eo^kelfth year of the reign of King William the Third, intituled, An iJr* for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the

f^'jbiding.

l[. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared by the authority 1 . aforesaid, That nothing in this present Act contained shall extend, or be ir or " construed adjudged or taken to extend, to make any persons born, or to remjl; j:bc born, out of the ligeance of the Crown of England, or of the Crown of '^FGreat Britain, to be natural-born subjects of the Crown of Great Britain, r toa contrary to all or any of the provisoes exceptions limitations and restric-!] tions contained in the aforesaid Act mane in the fourth year of the ‘reign of his said late Majesty, or to repeal abridge or alter the same;

' "'but all such Clauses shall be and remain in the same state plight and - -condition, to all intents constructions and purposes whatsoever, as they >-would have been if this present Act had never been made.

: ‘F(- III. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this present Act contained shall extend or Le con-: ' strued adjudged or taken to repeal abridge or any ways alter an Act "iT made in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty King Geop.ge the First, intituled, An Act to prevent the lnconveniencies arising from seducing Artificers in the Manufactures of Great Britain, into Foreign Parts; nor .fpDi; to repeal abridge or any ways alter any law statute custom or usage whatsoever now in force concerning aliens duties customs and imposi-ic fc; tions, nor to cause any privilege exemption or abatement relating thereto, ntM* in favour of any person naturalised by virtue of this Act, unless such person shall come into this realm, and there inhabit and reside, and shall lake and subscribe the Oaths, and make, repeat and subscribe the Declaration appointed by an Act made in the first year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the Lite Princess Sophia, being Protestants, and for extinguishing the Hopes of the Pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors, in such 'manner and form and at such place ana places as are in and by the said Act directed, and also receive the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper according to the usage of the Church of England, or in some Protestant or Reformed congregation within this kingdom of Great Britain, within three months before their taking the Oaths in the said Act mentioned; and shall, at the time and place of taking and subscribing the said Oaths, and of the making repeating and subscribing the said Declaration, produce a Certificate signed by the person administering the said Sacrament, and attested by two credible witnesses, whereof an entry shall be made of Record in the Court and Courts respectively wherein such Oaths shall have been taken and subscribed, without any fee or reward.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person shall be enabled hereby to defeat any estate right or interest which upon the last day of this Session shall be lawfully vested in any other person, or to claim or demand any estate or interest which shall’hereafter accrue, unless such claim or demand be made within five years next after the same shall accrue.

Provisoes, Ac. c. of Geo. U. not repealed by this Act.

Not to abridge or alter 5 Geo. I.

ink,; fo ! 'urn

i *

pNot to defeat any right vested in another person on the last day of the Sea[No. XVII. a.] 13 Geo. III. c. 25.—An Act to explain Two Acts of Parliament, one of the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for naturalizing such Foreign Protestants, and others, as are settled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty’s Colonies in America / and the other of the second Year of the Reign of Ids pi$8f^oOQl Voi. I. C

18

No. XVIt.

13 Geo. III. c. 25.

Preamble.

Act 13 Geo. II.

Act 2 Geo. III.

All persons who have, or shall become his Majesty’s natural-born subjects, by virtue of the said Acts, are hereby deemed capable of taking and holding places of trust, either civil or military, &c.

Of Allens, Denizens, and' Naturalization. [Part 1

Majesty, for naturalizing such Foreign Protestants as have served, or shall serve, as Officers or Soldiers in his Majesty’s Royal American Regiment, or as Engineers, in America.

\lWHEREAS by an Act made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his 1 late Majesty King George the Second, (intituled, An Act for Natu* ralizing tuck Foreign Protestants, and others therein mentioned\ as are

* settled, or shall settle> in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America,) all 1 persons bom out of the allegiance of his Majesty, his heirs or suc* cessors, who shall have inhabited and resided, or shall inhabit or

* reside, for the space of seven years or more, in any of his Majesty’s

* colonies in America^ or shall not have been absent out of the said

* colonies for a longer space than two months at any one time dur* ing the said seven years, are, upon the conditions prescribed by the

* said Act, naturalized and made partakers of all the benefits and privi* leges which the natural-born subjects of this realm do enjoy, other than such as are specified in a Proviso in the said Act contained: And whereas by an Act made in the second year of the reign of his present (Majesty, (intituled, An Act for naturalizing such foreign Protestants

* as have served, or shall serve for the time therein mentioned, as officers 1 or soldiers in his Majesty’s Royal American regiment, or as engineers in America,) it is enacted, ' That all such foreign Protestants, as well

* officers as soldiers, who have served, . or shall hereafter serve in the

* Royal American regiment, or as engineers in Americat for the space of c two years, shall, upon the terms required by the said recited Act, be 1 deemed adjudged and taken to be his Majesty’s natural-born subjects of this kingdom, to all intents constructions and purposes as if they and every of them had been or were born within this kingdom; and

* in both which Acts respectively are contained Provisoes, T nat no per-(son who shall become a natural-born subject of this kingdom by virtue of the said Acts, shall be thereby enabled to be of the Privy Council,

* or a member of either House of Parliament, or to be caoable of taking having or enjoying any office or place of trust within the kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, either civil or military, or of having accepting or taking any grant from the Crown to himself, or to any other in

* trust for him, of any lands tenements or hereditaments within the

* Kingdoms aforesaid: And whereas doubts may nevertheless arise,

* whether such persons as have been or may be naturalized under or by virtue of the said recited Acts, are capable of taking having or enjoying any office or place of trust, either civil or military, or of taking any

* grant of lafids tenements and hereditaments from the Crown whatsoever Be it enacted and declared by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every person and persons that have become, or shall become his Majesty’s natural-born subjects by force or virtue of the said Acts or.either of them, are and shall be deemed to be capable of taking and holding any office or place of trust, either civil or military, and of taking and holding any grant of lands tenements and hereditaments from the Crown to himself or themselves, or to any other or others in trust for him or them, as well under the great Seal of Great Britain as otherwise (other than and except offices and places, and grants of lands tenements and hereditaments within the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland; ) any law or Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

Class I.] Of Aliens, tfaAzens, and Naturalization. 19

[No. XVIII.] 14 Geo. III.' c. 84.—An Act to prevent

certain inconveniences that may happen by Bills of 1, 11 Naturalization.

4 ^WHEREAS it hath been found that many persons, bom out of the 14 Geo. IILc.84. 4 allegiance of the Crown of Great Britain, obtain Bills of Naturalization for the purpose of availing themselves in foreign countries of the immunities and indulgences belonging to his Majesty’s trading subjects, by treaties, or otherwise: and in order to apply the said im- munities and indulgences to promote the trade of the country to which the persons so naturalized originally belonged, and not with any design of fixing their residence in Great Britain, or of becoming useful subjects thereof: And whereas it is neither just nor expedient to pprmit such abuses of the true intent of Naturalizationmay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lards Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no person shall f"011* to hereafter be naturalized, unless in the Bill exhibited for that purpose r n^ura"zed there shall be a Clause or Proviso inserted to declare that such person hweafter* shall not thereby obtain, or become inti tied to claim, within any foreign country, any of the immunities or indulgences in trade which are or may be enjoyed or claimed therein by natural-born British subjects, by virtue of any Treaty, or otherwise, unless such person shall have inhabited and resided within Great Britain or the dominions thereunto belonging, for the space of seven years, subsequent to the first day of the Session of Parliament in which the said Bill of Naturalization shall have passed, and shall not have been absent out of the same for a longer space than two months, at any one time, during the said seven years; and that no Bill of Naturalization shall hereafter be received, in either House of Parliament, unless such Clause or Proviso be first inserted or contained therein.

[No. XIX.] 6 Geo. IV. c. 67.—An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the lleign of his Majesty King James the First, intituled An Act that all such as are to be naturalized or restored in Blood shall first receive the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, and the Oath of Allegiance and the Oath of Supremacy.—

22d June 1825.

vyilEREAS an Act was passed in the seventh year of the reign of his YT Majesty King James the First, intituled An Act that all such as are to 7 J. 1. c. 2. be naturalised or restored in Blood shall first receive the Sacrament of the lord's Supper, and the Oath of Allegiance and the Oath of Supremacy:

And whereas it is expedient that the said recited Act should be altered apd amended; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it necessary shall not henceforth be necessary for any person who is to be naturalized for any person or restored in Blood to receive the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, as naturalized or directed by the said Act. restored in

Blood to receive the Sacrament.

II. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the satisfaction Proviso as to of the House of Parliament, in which a Bill shall originate for restoring persons to be any person in Blood, that the person intended by such Bill, to be so re- restored in stored i:i Blood is unable from sickness or bodily infirmity, or other Blood taking sufficient cause, to take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance in the the °atb8. Parliament House, before his or her Bill shall be twice read, as directed


Of Aliens, Denizens, and Naturalization. [Part I

by the said Act, it shall and may be lawful for such House of Parliamen -to receive in lieu thereof sufficient proof, liefore any such Bill shall be twice read, that the said Oaths have been taken within oue year before ft Justice of the Peace or Ma>or or other Chief Magistrate in any county or city or town in Great Britain or Ireland, or before one of his Majesty's Judges or Justices in any of his Majesty's Courts of Judicature in the Colonies or foreign possessions of his Majesty.

56 O. 3. c. 86.

Every Alien who shall be in the realm at the commencement of this Act shall make a Declaration of his abode, name, Ac. c.; and transmit the same within 14 days to the Alien Office in Great Britain, or to the chief Secretary of Ireland

One Declaration sufficient for each family.

[No, XX.] 7 Geo. IV. c. 54.—An Act for the Registration of Aliens.—26ib May 1826.

WHEREAS in the fifty-sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty an Act was passed, intituled An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving m or resident in this Kingdom, in certain cases, for two years from the passing of this Act, and until the end of the Session of ParUamesU in which the said two years shall expire, if Parliament shall be then sitting; which Act has by several subsequent Acts been continued, and will expire in the course of the preseDt year: And whereas it is expedient that in lieu of the regulations of the said Act provision should be made for a complete registration of all Aliens in this realm; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every Alien who shall at the commencement of this Act be in this realm, shall on the same day, or within fourteen days thereafter, make a declaration in writing of his or her place of abode, names, rank, occupation, and description; and if a domestic servaut, then also the place of abode, names, rank, and description of his or her master or mistress, and of the country and place from whence he or she came, or of which he or she is a native, and of the time when he or she last came from foreign parts into this realm; and shall, within the said fourteen days, transmit such declaration by the post, if in Great Britain, to one of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State at the Alien Office in Westminster, and if in Ireland, to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor of Ireland; such declaration being signed by the party making it, if he or she be able to write, or otherwise being attested fcy a Magistrate of the place, or by the officiating minister of the parish, or by one or more of the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of the parish or township where such Alien shall be: Provided always, that oue declaration shall be sufficient fur a parent or parents and any number of children, if made in manner aforesaid by the father, or in case of his death or incapacity, by the mother.

II. And be it further enacted, That the master of every vessel which, after the commencement of this Act, shall arrive in this realm from

Matters of vessels arriving

from foreign foreign parts, shall immediately on his arrival declare in writing to the ST* ?rde<iUf chief officer of the Customs at the port of arrival, whether there is, to the what Aliens are ^est 0p any Alien on board his vessel, and whether any

Alien hath, to his knowledge, landed therefrom at any place within this realm; and shall ill his said declaration specify the number of Aliens (if any) on board his vessel, or who have, to his knowledge, landed therefrom, and their names, rank, occupation, and description, as far as he shall be informed thereof; and if the master of any such vessel shall refuse or neglect to make such declaration, or shall make a false declaration, lie shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, and the further sum of ten pounds for each Alien who shall have been on board at the time of the arrival of such vessel, or who shall have, to his knowledge, landed therefrom, within this realm, whom such master shall wilfully have refused or neglected to declare; and in case such master shall neglect or refuse forthwith to pay such penalty, it shall be lawful for any officer of the Customs, and ne is hereby required to detain such Not to extend vessel until the same shall be paid: Provided always, that nothing hereto Foreign nuuinert navigating the vessel.

on board or have landed;

Penalty for omission, or for false Declaration.

Class I.] Of Aliens, Denizens, and Naturalization. 21

in-before iontained shall extend to any mariner whom the master shall certify in writing by him subscribed, to be actually employed in the navigation of such vessel during the time that such mariner shall remain so actually employed; which Certificate so subscribed every such master is hereby required to give.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Alien who shall after the commencement of this Act arrive in any part of the United Kingdom from Foreign Parts, or pass from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, shall immediately after such arrival or passage deliver to the chief officer of the Customs at the port of debarkation any passport which shall be in his or her possession, and declare in writing to such chief officer, or verbally make to him, a declaration, to be by him reduced into writing, of the name of the vessel in which he or she shall have arrived, and also of his or her names, rank, occupation, and description, and if a domestic servant, then also the names, rank, and description of his or her master or mistress; and shall also in like manner declare the country and place from whence he or she shall then have come, and the place within this realm to which he or she is then going, and the name and place of abode of the person within this realm (if any) to whom he or she is known, which declaration shall be made in-or reduced into such form as shall be approved by one of his Majesty's principal Secretaries of State; and if any such Alien coming into this realm shall neglect or refuse to deliver up his or her passport, he shall^forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds; and ifhe or she shall neglect or’refuse to make such declaration, or shall wilfully make any false declaration, he or she shall be punished in the manner herein-after mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the officer of the Customs to whom such passport shall be delivered and declaration made, shall immediately register such declaration in a book to be kept by him for that purpose (in which book Certificates shall be printed in blank, and counterparts thereof, in such form as shall be approved by one of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State), and shall insert therein the several particulars by this Act required in proper columns, in both parts thereof, excepting such particulars as shall be inserted in the column of remarks, which shall be entered only in one of such parts, and shall cut off one part of such Certificate containing all the particulars, excepting such as shall be contained in the column of remarks, and deliver the same to the Alien who shallTiave made such declaration.

V. And be it further enacted, That the chief Officer‘of the Customs in every port shall within two days transmit the declaration of every master of a vessel, and every passport, and a true copy of every suen Certificate, if in Great Britain, to one of his Majesty's principal Secretaries of State at the Alien Office in Westminster, and if in Ireland, to the chief Secretary for Ireland.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Alien arriving in this realm after the commencement of this Act, shall, within one week after his or her arrival at the place which shall be expressed in such Certificate as the place to which he or she proposes to go, produce such Certificate, if such place shall be in die city of Westminster^ or within five miles thereof, at the Alien Office in Westminster, and shall declare in writing at what place he or she intends to reside, and if the place expressed in the Certificate shall be out of the limits aforesaid, shall make a declaration in writing at what place he or she intends to reside, and transmit the same by the post, if in Great Britain, to one of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State at the Alien Office in Westminster, and if in Ireland, to the chief Secretary for Ireland; and if any such Alien shall neglect or refuse to produce such Certificate, or to make or transmit such declaration as aforesaid, or shall wilfully make or transmit any false declaration respecting any of the particulars aforesaid, he or she shall be punished in the manner he rein-after mentioned.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Alien being in this realm after the commencement of this Act, shall, on the first azy

and on the first day of Jttlt/ in every year, or within one week after those

No. XX.

7 Geo. IV. c. 54.

Alien on arrival from Abroad to declare hit Name, Description, Btc., and deKverhia Passport.

Officer of Customs to register the Declaration, and deliver a Certificate to the Alien.

Officer of Customs to transmit Declaration, &c., to Alien Office.

Alien, within one week after arrival, shall produce or transmit the Certificate to the Alien Office, and make Declaration where he intends to reside.

Alien to declare residence K

yearly.

22 No. XX.

7 Geo. IV. c. 54.

Secretary of State, Ac. c., may require a more frequent Declaration.

Penalty on Alien for false Declarations, or neglecting to make the sam&.

Certificate to be forwarded to the Alien, setting forth place of abode, &c.

Penalty for not having Certificate, or residing elsewhere.

Alien on departure may have his passport sent to the port, and delivered to him on making Declaration.

Of Aliens, Denizens, and Naturalization. Part I.

respective days, make a declaration in writing of his or her jlace of residence, and therein state at what place he or she intends in future to reside, and shall within the same week transmit such declaration by the post, if in Great Britain, to one of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of Stale at the Alien Office in Westminster, and if in Ireland, to the chief Secretary for Ireland, and if any Alien shall neglect or refuse to make or transmit such declaration as last aforesaid, or shall wilfully make or transmit any false declaration, he or she shall be punished in the manner herein-after mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for one of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State to require any Alien, being in Great Britain, and for the chief Secretary for Irtlaixd to require any Alien, being in Ireland, to make a declaration of his or her actual place of residence, and of the place at which he or she intends to reside in future, at shorter intervals than such a declaration is herein-before required, which intervals may be cither limited by time, or made to depend ou the Alien's change of residence, as to such principal Secretary or chief Secretary respectively shall seem meet; and such requisition may be made either by a warrant under the hand and seal of such principal Secretary or chief Secretary respectively, to be delivered to the Alien, or

left at his or her last declared place of residence, or otherwise by a notice to be published in the London Gazette, or in the Dublin Gazette, us the case may be; and every Alien named in any such warrant or notice shall make and transmit such declaration as often as he or she shall be required so to do by such warrant or notice, and if he or site shall neglect or refuse so to do, he or she shall be punished in the manner herein-after mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Alien in any of the cases aforesaid shall neglect to make such declaration as is by this Act required, or to transmit the same, in the cases in which he is required so to do, within the time in that behalf limited, or shall wilfully make or transmit any false declaration, every person so offending shall, upon conviction thereof before two Justices of the Peace, for every such offence, either forfeit any sum not exceeding fifty pounds, or be imprisoned for any time not exceeding six months, at the discretion of such Justices.

X. And be it further enacted, That upon the receipt at the Alien Office, or at the office of the chief Secretary for Ireland, of any declaration, in any of the cases aforesaid, such Clerk as shall be for that purpose nominated by one of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, or by the chief Secretary for Ireland respectively, snail within three days make out, in such form as shall be for that purpose approved by one of his Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, a Certificate, setting forth the names, rank, occupation, and description of the Alien, and his or her place of abode, and shall transmit the sartie by the post to such Alien; and if any Alien shall, by his or her default, not be possessed of such Certificate, or shall without any lawful excuse reside in any other place than that expressed in such Certificate, every such Alien shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; and if any Alien, being required by any Justice of the Peace to produce such Certificate, shall refuse or neglect so to do, he or she shall be deemed not to be possessed of any Certificate.

XI. And be it Amber enacted, That where any Alien, about to depart from this realm after the commencement of this Act, shall be desirous of having possession of the passport l-y him or her delivered on his or her debarkation, and shall notify by letter to the Alien Office in Westminster, or to the chief Secretary’s office in Dublin, the port at which he or she intends to cmbaik, the proper Clerk <.f those respective offices shall forthwith transmit such passport by the post to the chief officer of the Customs of the port so notified, to be by him delivered to such Alien, on his or her making the declaration herein-after next mentioned; and every such Alien shall, before his or her embarkation, declare in writing his or her intention of departing, and shall deliyerfsuch^lqKlaralion to the chief officer of the Customs at the port unlepanure, who shall forthClass 1.3 Of Aliens, Denizens, and Naturalization. 23

with transmit the same, if in Great Britain, to one of his Majesty’s prin- No. XX. cipal Secretaries of State at the Alien Office in Westminster, and if in ~ ry Ireland, to the chief Secretary for Ireland; and if any Alien shall neglect J. to make such Declaration, or to deliver the same to the chief officer of the t _ m Customs at the port of departure, he or she shall for every such offence r forfeit the sum of five pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Certificate issued to any New certificates Alien by virtue of this Act shall be lost, mislaid, or destroyed, and such to be iaued in Alien shall produce to one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace proof lieu of rach at thereof, ana shall make it appear to the satisfaction of such Justice that tot *

he or she hath duly conformed with this Act, it snail be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required, to testify the same under his hand, and such Alien shall thereby be entitled to demand a fresh Certificate, which shall be of the like force and effect as the Certificate so lost, mis* laid, or destroyed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Certificates herein-before Certificate to be required to be given shall be given without any fee or reward whatsoever; granted without ana every person who shall take any fee or reward of any Alien or other fe«-person, for any Certificate, or any other matter or thing done under this

Act, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds; and Penalty, every officer of the Customs who shall refuse or neglect to make such entry as aforesaid, or grant any Certificate thereon, in pursuance of the provisions of this Act, or shall knowingly make any false entry, or neglect to transmit the copy thereof, or to transmit any declaration of the master of a vessel, or any declaration of departure in manner directed by this Act, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall wilfully forge, penalty for counterfeit, or alter, or cause to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or forging Ceitifi-shall utter, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, any cates, &o. declaration or Certificate hereby directed, or shall obtain any such Certificate tinder any other name or description than the true name and description of the Alien intended to be named and described, without

disclosing to the person granting such Certificate the true name and description of such Alien, and the reason for concealing the same, or shall falsely pretend to be the person intended to be named and described in any such Certificate, every person so offending shall, upon conviction thereof before two Justices, either forfeit any sum not exceeding fifty pounds, or be imprisoned for any time not exceeding six months, at the discretion of suen Justices.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all offences against this Act Protecotica of shall be prosecuted within six calendar months after the offence com- offence *, mitted, except that of not making or delivering a declaration of departure, which shall be prosecuted within six calendar months after the

offender's return to this realm; and all such offences shall be prosecuted before two or more Justices of the Peace of the place where the offence shall be committed, who are required, in default of payment. of any pecuniary penalty, to commit the offender to the common gaol for any time not exceeding six calendar months, unless the penalty shall be. sooner paid, and forthwith 10 report to one of his Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, or to the chief Secretary for Ireland, as the case may require, the conviction of every offender under this Act, and the punishment to which be is adjudged; and no writ of certiorari, or of advocation or suspension, shall be allowed to remove the proceedings of any Justices touching the .cases aforesaid, or to supersede or suspend execution or other proceedings thereupon.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in NottoaffectFo-this Act contained shall affect any Foreign Ambassador, or other public reign Ministers Minister duly authorized; nor any domestic servant of any such Foreign or their sar-Ambassador or public Minister, registered as such according to law, vants;

or being actually attendant upon such Ambassador or Minister; nor any nor Aliena who Alien who shall have been continually residing within thigjgj[jg|Jij^ (for have been res' dent seven years, and obtained Certificate thereof, nor Alien under fourteen y

34—26

No. XX. 7 Geo. IV. c. 54.

[Commencement of Act.]

Of Alim *, Denizens, and NaturaUzation. [Part I.

seven years next before the passing of this Act, and obtained from the Alien Office a Certificate thereof; nor any Alien in respect of any Act done or omitted to be done, who shall be under the age of fourteen years at the time when such Act was so done or omitted to oe done: Provided always, that if any question shall arise whether any person alleged to be an Alien, and to be subject to the provisions of this Act, is an Alien or not, or is or is not subject to the said provisions, or any of them, the proof that such person is, or by law is to be deemed to be, a natural-born subject of his Majesty, or a denizen of this kingdom, or a naturalized subject, or that such person, if an Alien, is not subject to the provisions of this Act, or any of them, by reason of any exception contained in this Act or otherwise, shall lie on the person so alleged to be an Alien, and to be subject to the provisions of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence on the first day of July, in the year one thousand eight hundred and twenty-sik.

P A R.T I.

CLASS II

I

C 28 3

PART I.

CLASS II.

STATUTES RELATING TO THE CLERGY.

[The Statutes included in this Class comprize those which relate to Residence, and the Prohibition of exercising Trades—to Simony—to Ordination—the Uniformity of public Worship—the Presentation to Benefices—the Stipends of Curates—the Establishment and Regulation of Queen Anne’s Bounty—the Erection of Glebe Houses—the Power of making Donations for the Benefit of the Church—the Union of Churches —and the Keeping of Registers.

• The Statutes relating to the Convocation—to the obtaining of Provisions from Rome previous to the Reformation—to the alterations in the Law established by the Reformation, including the dissolution of monasteries—and to the Revenues of Tenths and First-fruits, otherwise than as connected with Queen Anne’s Bounty, are not included in the Collection.

The Statutes respecting Tithes will form a particular Class under Part II.

The Statutes respecting Leases by spiritual Persons will form a distinct Class in Part II. Those which relate to the Exemption of Clergymen in certain Cases, from Arrest, will be inserted in Part IV. The Statutes relating to the Benefit of Clergy, in criminal Cases, are more immediately applicable to Part V., and so far*as regards the existing Law/have no peculiar Relation to spiritual Persons, except that they are exclusively entitled to the Benefit of Clergy a second lime.

Any Statutes respecting Papists and Dissenters, contained in this Collection, will be found in Parts V. & VI.—Those respecting the Penalties for not going to Church, and the Profanation of the Lord’s Day, in Part VI.

It has not been thought material to include in the Collection the Statute 35 Ed. I. Ne Rector pros ter net Arbores in Cemetario, which prohibits the cutting of Trees in Church-yards, except for the repair of the Church or Chancel—the Statute 9 Ed. II. Stat. 1, Dc Diversis Libertatibus CUro cuncessis—the Statute/or the Clergy, 14 Ed. III. Stat. 4, which does not contain any Provisions applicable to the Copies above mentioned, as forming the Subject of the present Class—the Statute for the Clergy9 2 Ed. III. Stat. , which contains Provisions against wrongful Presentations by the Crown—the Statute 15 Richard II. c. 6, that in Appropriation of Churches, there shall be provisions made for the Poor and a Vicar—or any of the ancient Statutes respecting Heresy.]

21H.VHLc.13. The several benefits ensuing the performance of this Statute. Saril. 22. Hob. 157.2 KolUbO. 3 Leon. 122.

[No. I.] 21 Henry VIII. c. 13.—Spiritual Persons abridged from having Pluralities of Livings, and from taking of Ferms, &c. (1)

1 T^OR the more quiet and virtuous increase and maintenance of divine

* A service, the preaching and teaching the word of God, with godly

* and good example given, the belter discharge of Curates, the m&inte* nance of hospitality, the relief of poor people, the increase of devo* tion, and good opinion of the Lay-fee toward the spiritual Persons:’ Be it enacted ordained and established by the King our Sovereign Lord, with the assent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, 1

(1) So much of this Act as relates to spiritual of spiritual persons on their benefices, is repealed persons holding farms, to leases of benefices and by St. 57 Geo. III. c. 99. Infra, living., to bujing and tailing, and to the residence

Class II.] Statutes relating to the

in this present Parliament assembled, and by authority of the same, That no spiritual persons, secular or regular, of what degree soever he or they be, shall from henceforth take to ferm to himself, or to any person or persons to his use, of the lease or grant of the King our Sovereign Lord, nor of any other person or persons, by letters patents, indentures, writings, by words or otherwise, by any manner of means, any manors lands tenements or other hereditaments for term of life for term of years or at will, upon pain to forfeit ten pounds for every month that he or any other' to his use, shall occupy any such ferm, by reason of any such lease or grant hereafter to be made; the one half of which forfeiture to be to the King our Sovereign Lord, and the other half thereof to every such person that will sue for the same by original writ bill or plaint of debt, or by any information in any of the King's Courts: in which action and suit no wager of law shall be admitted lor the defendant, nor any essoign or protection allowed.

IK. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every such spiritual person or persons which now have, or occupy in ferni, by themselves or by any other to their use, any manors lands tenements or hereditaments, of the lease or grant of the King our Sovereign Lord, or any other person or persons, for term of life, or for years or at will, by any writing or otherwise, or that now have any annual rents, or other annual advantage or profit, by occasion or colour of any such lease or ferm, shall clearly bargain sell give or grant away on this side the feast of St. Michael the Archangel next coming, to any such lay person or persons, as they will at their own nominations and appointment, all such lease term interest and profit, as any such spiritual person, or any other to his use, * now hath or have, in or by reason of any such ferm-, so that in oo wise any such spiritual person or persons at any time after the same feast, by themselves or any other to their use, by any manner of means fraud or male engine, shall have use or occupy in ferm any manors lands tenements or hereditaments, of the demise lease or grant of any person or persoas heretofore made or hereafter to be made, to themselves or to any other to their uses; nor from the said feast shall take any annual rent or other annual advantage or profit, by occasion or colour of any such lease or ferm by any manner of means, upon pain to forfeit for every month so occupying any such ferin, at any time after the said feast, contrary to this present Act, ten pounds, and upon pain to forfeit ten times as much as any such spiritual person or any to his use, shall take in any annual rent advantage or profit, by occasion or colour of any such lease at any time after the said feast: the one half of which, forfeitures to be to the King our Sovereign Lord, and the other half to him that will sue for the same by original writ bill or plaint of debt, or by information in any of the King's Courts; in which action and suit no wager of law shall be admitted for the defendant, nor any essoin or protection allowed.

III. And be it alsoenacted, That all such leases made or hereafter to be made unto any such spiritual person or persons or to any other to their use, for term of life term of years or at will, of any manors lands tenements or hereditaments, whereof they or any of them, shall take any profit or medling by themselves or by any to their use, after the said feast of Saint Michael, by colour of arty such lease or grant, and not by them bargained granted and sold away before the said least, as is before limited, shall Irom henceforth be utterly void, and of none effect, as well against the leasor or lcasors grantor and grantors, their heirs and assigns, and against every of them, as against the leassee or leassees, and their executors and assigns, and every of them. (1)

IV. Provided alway, That this present Act shall not extend to any spiritual person or persons, in and for taking to fernv any temporalities, during the time of vacations of any archbishopricks bishopricks abbeys priories or other collegiate cathedral or conventual churches, nor to .any

No spiritual person shall take any lands to ferm.

2 Bulstr. 18 1 Lutw. 134, See 1 Bur. 545.

The spiritual person which hath any ferm or profit out of ferm, shall alien it forthwith.

Dyer, f. 351.

27H.VHLf.23.

Leases made*!* spiritual persons, or to others to their use, shall be void.

In some cases a spiritual person may take to ferm the temporalities of a Bishop, &c

(1) The description of the lessee in the lease, H Doctor in Divinity U prime facie evidence

against him, that he is a spiritual person within the Act, Frogmorton t1. Scott, 2 E» 467, 1C

No. I.

91 H. VIII. c. 13.

No spiritual person shall buy to sell again any merchandise, corn, cattle, Ac. c.

lit what case i spiritual person may sell again the things which he hath bought.

Certain houses of Religion may keep demesne lands in their hands for the maintenance of their houses.

Spiritual persons may take in ferm for the maintenance of their houses.

2 Bulstr. 18. Sard 32.

Thd penalty of pluralities *

' Siahifotrelating ioUke Clergy. [Parti.

Spiritual person or persons that shall tender or make any traverse upon any offices or office, concerning his or their freehold.

V. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no spiritual person or persons, secular or regular, of what estate or degree soever they be, shall from henceforth by himself, nor by any other for him, nor to his use, bargain and buy to sell again for any lucre gain or profit, in any markets fairs or other places, any manner of cattle com lead tin hides leather tallow fish wool wood, or any manner of victual or merchandise/ what kind soever they be of, upon pain to forfeit treble the value of every thing, by them or by any to their use, bargained and bought to sell again contrary to this present Act; and that every such bargain and contract hereafter to be made by them or by any to their use, contrary to this Act, shall be utterly void and of none effect: and the one half of every such forfeiture to be to the Kins our Sovereign Lord, and the other half to him that will sue for the same by original writ of debt bill plaint or information in any of the Kine’s Courts: in which action or suit no wager of law for the defendant shall be admitted, nor any essoin nor protection allowed.

VI. Provided alway, That if any such spiritual person or persons shall happen hereafter without fraud or covin to buy any horses mares or mules, to the only intent to occupy for himself or his servants, to ride t« and fro upon his necessary business, or any other cattles or goods, to the only intent and purpose at the buying thereof to be employed and put in and about his necessary apparel or his own house or of nis person and servants, or in for and about the only occupying manuring or tillage oi his own glebe ordemene lands annexed to his church, or for the necessary expences of his own household-keeping, and after the buying of any such horses cattles or goods, or exercise of them or any of them, happeneth to mislike any of them, that they should not be good profitable nor convenient for any of the purposes aboves&id, for the which they were bought; that then every such spiritual person or persons may lawfully bargain and put away such things 90 by him bought, without fraud or covin, for any of the purposes abovesaid at his pleasure and advantage; this Act or any thing therein contained notwithstanding.

VII. Provided alway, That all Abbots Priors Abbesses Prioresses

Provosts Presidents Mastertof Colleges and Hospitals and all other spiritual Governors and Governesses of any spiritual monasteries or Houses of Religion, by what name or names soever they be called, having manors lands tenements and hereditaments and other yearly profits in the right of their monasteries or houses, of the yearly value of eight ~ ~

w it hundred marks or under, and not above, may use and occupy as muclTand as many of their demene lands fee-ferms and ferms, to their most advantage commodity and profit, to and for the only maintenance of their households and hospitalities, in as ample and large manner as they or any of them, or their predecessors, or the predecessors of any of them, at any time by the space of one hundred years last past before the making of this Act have done used and occupied; any thing in this present Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided also, That every other spiritual person or persons, not having sufficient glebe or demene lands in their own hands in the right of their Churches Monasteries and (Houses for pasturage of cattle, or for increase of corn, to and for the only expences of their householders, and for their carriages or journeys, may take in ferm other lands, and bu/and sell com and cattle for the only manurance tillage and pasturage of such ferms, so that the increase thereof be always employed and put to and for the only expences in their households and hospitalities, ana not in any wise to buy and sell again for any other commodity lucre or advantage, any com or cattle renewing coming or growing in and upon any such ferm or otherwise, but only the remain and overplus above their expences of their households, if any such shall happen, of the breed and increase thereof, without fraud or covin; anything in this present Act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons having one benefice with cure of sou), being of the^eferly value

lass II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy.

eight pound (1) or above, accept and take any other (2) with 0111*6 of ul, and be instituted and inducted, (3) in possession of the same, that rn and immediately after such possession had thereof, the first benefice all be adjudged in the law to be void.

X. And that it shall be lawful to every patron, having the advowson errof, to present another, and the presentee to hare the benefit of the Cro. Eh 601, me, in such like manner and form as though the incumbent had died 853. 1 2 3 Leonard

resigned; any licence union or other dispensation to the contrary 316. March 84. rcof obtained notwithstanding. And that every such licence union ~ Kf* dispensation had, or hereafter to be obtained contrary to this present ct, of what name or names quality or qualities soever they be, snail be 351' ^7* 853 lerly void and of none effect. p 237 255

XI. And if any person or persons at any time after the first day of April, 347 351, 377. the year of our Lord Goo one thousand five hundred and thirty, con- 4.C0.75, * 78, b. iry to this Act, procure and obtain at the Court oF Rome or elsewhere 24 Ed. 111. f.39. iv licence or licences union toleration or dispensation, to receive and Vaughan 131. ke any mo benefices with cure than is above limited, or else at any 2 Roll. 451. me after the said day put in execution any such licence toleration or F. N. B. 44. H« spensation before that obtained contrary to this Act, that then every 51 L. Goldsb. ich person or persons, so after the said day suing for himself, or re- 162- pL 97* living and taking such benefice by force of such licence or licences, Any dispensation toleration or dispensation, that is to say, the same person or tion contrary to arsons only and none other shall for every such default incur the this Statute anger pain and penalty of twenty pound sterling, and also lose the shall be void, hole profits of every such benefice or benefices as he receiveth or taketh Dyer 352.

r force of any such licence or licences union toleration or dispen- Sav'd 136. ition; the one half of which forfeiture to he to the King our Sovereign 25 H. VIIL ord, and the other half thereof to him that will sue for the same by f* 2L Repeated riginai writ bill plaint of debt or information in any of the King’s 1 & 2 ourts; in which action and suit no wager of Jaw essoin or protection 5?* c *

>r the defendant shall be admitted or allowed.

XII. Provided always, That this Act concerning the not keeping of mo They may keep enefices with cure of souls than one, extend, ne be prejudicial to any their benefices, erson or persons, which at any time before the said first day of April, in which were

he year of our Lord God one thousand five hundred and thirty, snail be thereof pot* ealiy intituled or possessed of any such benefices with cure of soul, ' as Ann ooceming or touching any of the same benefices, whereof they shall 1if30{.cxce, j^r hen be already really mtitled or possessed before the said day, to or under "J7 have he number of four, and not above; and if any such spiritual person or tour* arsons so being intitled or possessed of mo benefices with cure of soul han four, do not by the said first day of April clearly, and without yearly tension, resign, or otherwise give up all and every such benefice and *nefices as he shall be so intitled ana possessed of, above the said number, that then it shall be lawful for every patron, having the advowson of iny such benefice, over the number aforesaid, to present another, and the iresentee to have the benefit of the same, in like manner and form as though it had been void by death or resignation of the incumbent; any licence union or other dispensation to the contrary hereof obtained ictwithsianding; and this clause of presentation to be taken and understood in and of such benefices with cure of soul, as were given to any such spiritual person, after the said number of four benefices with cure uruished and fulfilled. Wll0

XIII. Provided also, That all spiritual men now being, or which here- chase bCences~ ifier shall be of the King’s Council, may purchase licence or dispensation, an(j have more ind take receive and keep three parsonages or benefices with cure of benefices with ioul; and that all other being the King’s Chaplains, and not sworn of his cure of souls, Council, the Chaplains of the Queen, Prince, or P/incess, or of any of than one.

the King’s children brethren sisters uncles or aunts, may semblably 13 Co. 5.

(1) According to the valuation in the King’s ficient to vacate the benefice—Gibs. 906, alDooks, contrary to some former decisions. Gibs, though lapse only takes place from the time of 906—Watson, c. 2. induction. See Wolferson v. Bishop of Lincoln,

(2) Without regard to value. Gibs, 906. 2 Wils. 174, and e. contra nomine WoUcntuiJit>

(3) But institution without induction i« suf- Error, 3 Bur, 1504 *

4 Co, 90, 119.

Co. pL 203, 513, Cro. El. 723.

4Co.73, 89, 119.

Statutes retdting to the Clergy. r [Part I.

purchase licence or dispensation, and retain and keep two parsonages and benefices with cure of soul.

XIV. And in likewise, that every Archbishop and Duke may have six chaplains, whereof every one shall and may purchase licence or dispensation, and take receive and keep two parsonages or benefices with cure of soul.

XV. And that every Marquis and Earl may have five Chaplains whereof every one may purchase licence or dispensation, and take receive* and keep two parsonages or benefices with cure of soul.

XVI. And that every Viscount and other Bishop may have four Chaplains, whereof every one may purchase licence, and receive have and keep two parsonages or benefices with cure of soul, as is aforesaid.

XVII. And that the Chancellor of England for the time being and every Baron and Knight of the Garter may have three chaplains, whereof every one shall now purchase licence or dispensation, and receive, have and keep two parsonages or benefices with cure of soul.

XVIII. And that every Duchess Marchioness Countess and Baroness, being widows, may have two chaplains, whereof every one of them may purchase licence or dispensation to receive have and keep two benefices with cure of soul.

XIX. And that the Treasurer and Comptroller of the King's house the King's Secretary and Dean of his chapel the King's Aniner and the Master of the Itolls may have every of them two chaplains; and the Chief Justice of the King's Bench one chaplain; and the Warden of the Eive Forts for the time being one chaplain; whereof every one may purchase licence and receive have and keep two parsonages or benefices with cure of soul.

XX. And that the brethren and sons of all Temporal Lords, which arc born in wedlock, may every of them purchase licence or dispensation and receive have and keep as many parsonages or benefices with cure, as the Chaplains of a Duke or an Archbishop.

XXI. And likewise the brethren and sons bora in wedlock of every Knight, may every of them purchase licence or dispensation, and receive take and keep two parsonages or benefices with cure of soul.

XXII. Provided always, That the said Chaplains so purchasing taking receiving and keeping benefices with cure of soul, as is aforesaid, shall be bound to have and exhibit, where need shall be, letters under the sign and seal of the King, or other their lord and master, testifying whose Chaplains they be, and else not to enjoy any such plurality of benefices by being such Chaplain, any thing in this Act notwithstanding.

XXill. Be it also provided, That all Doctors and Batchelors of Divinity, Doctors of Law and Batchelors of the Law Canon, and every of them, which shall be admitted to any of the said degrees by any of the Universities of this realm, and not by grace only, may purchase licence and take have and keen two parsonages or benefices with cure of soul; n«ve two bene- ajwayS the said liberty, by any of the provisions aforesaid given cm wi cure. an^ gaid Counsellors Chaplains and other persons before specified, fo purchase licence or dispensation, and take receive and keep

1 Anders. 200.

Chaplains shall shew the Letters of their Lords or Masters.

Doctors and Batchelon of Divinity and Law may by Dispensation

Beet with cure. No Dispensamore benefices than one, after the manner and form aforesaid, be taken and understood to extend in number to no mo benefices with cure of soul, than fs above limited, accounting in the same, and as parcel thereof, such benefices with cure of soul, as any the said persons shall have in real title, or in their possession, at the said first day of April, in the year of our Lord one thousand five hundred and thirty.

XXIV. Provided also, That every Archbishop because he must occupy eight Chaplains at consecrations of Bishops, and every Bishop because he must occupy six Chaplains at giving of orders and consecration of Churches, may every of them have two Chaplains over and above the number above limited unto them, whereof overy one may purchase . licence and dispensation, and take receive and keep as many parsonages and benefices with cure of soul as is before assigned to such Chaplains,

XXV. Provided also, and be it enacted by authority aforesaid, That no person or persons, to whom any number of Chaplains, or any Chapany to have above two benefices.

Archbishop may have eight Chaplains, and every Bishop four.

SaviL 79, 101. ^o. pi. f. 515. toor 561. pi.

U. Moor 540* pi. 712. Moor 542. pi. 719. Bast. pla. f, 599, SaviL 32, 135, 2 Roll 10.

Class It.]

Statutes relating to the Clergy.

Iain, by any of the provisions aforesaid is limited, shall in any wise, by colour of any of the same Provisions advance. any spiritual person or persons above the number to them appointed, to receive or keep any mo benefices with cure of soul than is above limited by this Act, any thing specified in the said provisions notwithstanding; and if they do, then every such spiritual person and persons so advanced above the said number to incur the pain and penalty contained in this Act.

XXVI. Be it also further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as well every spiritual person now being promoted to any archdeaconry, deanery or dignity in any monastery or cathedral church, or other church conventual or collegiate, or being beneficed with any parsonage or vicarage, as all and every spiritual person and persons, which hereafter shall be promoted to any of the said dignities or benefices, with any parsonage or vicarage, from the feast of Saint Michael the archangel next coming, shall Le personally resident, and abiding in at and upon his said dignity prebend or benefice, or at one of them at the least; and in case that any such spiritual person at any time after the said Feast, keep not residence (1) at one of his said dignities prebends or benefices, (2) as is aforesaid, hut absent himself wilfully by the space of one month together, or by the space of two months, to be accounted at several times in any one year, and make his residence and abiding in any oilier places by such time, * that then he shall forfeit for every such default ten pounds sterling; the one half thereof to the King our Sovereign Lord, and the other lialf of the same to the party that w ill sue for the same in any of the King’s courts (3) by original writ of debt bill plaint or information: in which action and suit the defendant shall not wage his law, nor have any essoin or protection allowed.

XXVII. And if any person or persons procure or obtain at the court of Home, or elsewhere, any manner of licence or dispensation to be non-resident at their said dignities prebend or benefices, contrary to this Act, that then every such person or persons putting in execution any such dispensation or licence for himself, from the said first day of Afrit, in the year of our Lord God one thousand five hundred and thirty, shall run and incur in the penalty damage and pain of twenty pounds sterling for every time so doing, to be forfeited and recovered as is above said, and such licence or dispensation so procured, or to be put in execution, to be void and of none effect.

XXVIII. Provided alway, That this Act of non-residence shall not in any wise extend, ne be prejudicial to any such spiritual person as shall chance to be in the King’s service beyond the sea, nor to any person or persons going to any pilgrimage or holy place beyond the sea, during the time that they shall so be m the King’s service, or in their pilgrimages going and returning home; nor to any scholar or scholars being conversant and abiding for study, without fraud or covin, at any University within this realm, or without: nor to any of the Chaplains of the King’s or Queen’s, daily or quarterly attending and abiding in the King’s or Queen’s most honourable households; ncr to any of the Chaplains of the Prince or Princess, or any of the King's or Queen’s children, brethren or sisters, attending daily in their honourable households, during so long as they shall attend in any of their said households nor to any Chaplain of any Archbishop or Bishop, or of any spiritual or temporal Lords of the Parliament, daily attending abiding and remaining in any of their honourable households nor to any Chaplain of any Pupfiess Marquis Countess Viscountess or Baroness attending daily,

What shall be non-residence. Cro. El. 590, 663, 719. Cro. Car. 146. 6. Co. 21.lLutw.13P. But see 5 Burr. 2721.

The penalty for procuring of Dispensations to be non-resident.

28 H. VIII. c. 13. What spiritual persons may be discharged of residence, and by what means. 2oH.VIII.cl6. 33H.VII.c28.

(1) The residence must be at the parson-age-house, or house of the dignity, if there K be one; and If there be a parsonage-house ’f within the parish, and none within the dignity, *" a residence at any other house within the dig-^ nity will not excuse. Law v. Ibbetson, 5 Burr. 1:4 2722. If there be no parsonage-house, the

Incumbent must reside at some other house

t VOL I.

within the parish. Wilkinson r. Allott, cited 5 Burr. 2725. . C. Cowp. 366.

(2) This was ruled not to extend to an augmented curacy—Jenkinson v. Thorfias, 4 T. R. 665—but the law in that respect is altered by Stat. 42 Geo. 111. c.84.

(3) No information lies upon this Statute at the Assise* Garland v« Burton, 2 Str« UQ3,

&4 Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

No. I. and abiding in Any ot their honourable households; nor to any Chaplain 21 H VIII Lora Chancellor or Treasurer of England; the King’s Chamber11’lain, or Steward of his household for the time being, the Treasurer and c* Comptroller of the King's most honourable household for the time being,

attending daily in any of their honourable households; mor to any Chap-See 25 H. VIII. lain of any of the Knights of the honourable Order of the Garter, or of c. 16, [post the Chief Justice of the King’s Bench, Warden of the Ports, or also of No. 2.J as to the the Master of the Rolls:nor to any Chaplain of the King's Secretary, Chaplains of and Dean of the Chapel, Amner for the time being, .daily attending and dwelling in any of their households, during the time that any such me Attorney or Chaplain or Chaplains shall abide and dwell, without fraud or covin, in Solicitor gene- any of said honourable households: nor to the Master of the Rolls, H VlII c 13 or ^can Arches, nor to any Chancellor or Commissary of any

s 2 as td Stu- Archbishop or Bishop; nor to as many of the twelve Masters of the dents in either Chancery and twelve Advocates of the Arches, as be or hereafter shall UnivenityJcost spir*tl, al men, during so long time as they shall occupy their said No. 4, Lpnd rooms and offices; nor to any such spiritual persons as shall happen by 33 H.VlII. c.28. injunction of the Lord Chancellor, or the King’s council, to be bound to [post No. 5, ] as any daily appearance and attendance to answer to the law, during the to Chaplains of time of suen injunction.

the Officers of XXIX. Provided also, That it shall be lawful to every spiritual per-the Duchy of son or persons, being Chaplains to the King our Sovereign .Lord, to Lancaster, &c. whom it shall please his Highness to give any benefices or promotions The King’s li- spiritual to what number soever it be, to accept and take the same with-cence of non- out incurring the danger penalty and forfeiture m this estatute comprised; residence. and that also it shall be lawful to the King’s highness to give licence to every of his own Chaplains for non-residence upon their benefices; (1) any thing in this present Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding. No spiritual XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no

person beneficed spiritual person, secular or regular, beneficed with cure, as is afore

with cure, shall rehearsed, from the feast of Saint Michael the Archangel next coming, takeinfermany by authority of any manner licence dispensation or otherwise, shall take parsonage or any particular stipend or salary to sing for any soul, nor have nor oc-vicarage. cupy by himself, or by any other to his use, any parsonage or vicarage

in ferm, of the lease or grant of any person or persons, nor take any

profit or rent out of any such ferm, upon pain to forfeit forty shillings

for cvecy such week that he, or any to his use shall occupy, or have any such stipend to ferm contrary to this present Act, and upon pain to lose ten times the value of such profit or rent as he shall take out of any such ferm after the said feast; the one half of such forfeitures to be to the King our Sovereign Lord, and the other moiety to him that will sue for the same by original writ bill plaint of debt, or by information in any of the King’s Courts, in which suit and action no wager of law shall be admitted for the defendant, nor any essoin or protection allowed. Promotions not XXXI. Provided alway, That no Deanry Archdeaconry Chancellor-accounted be- ship Treasurership Chantership or Prebend in any cathedral or colle-nefices with giats church, nor parsonage that hath a Vicar indued, nor any benefice

cure. perpetually appropriate be taken or comprehended under the name of

3 Inst. 155. benefice having cure of soul in any article afore specified. (2)

(1) In BroWa v. Mugg, 1 Salk. 161. 2 Lord Raym. 791, it was held, first, that a presentation of the King, of.his own Chaplain, does import a dispensation which the King himself, as supreme Ordinary, has a power to grant; but if the King’s Chaplain be presented to a second benefice by a ~ Subject, a dispensation is necessary, and must be ^obtained before his institution to a second living; —>2dly, that a Chaplain extraordinary is not a Chaplain within the benefit of the Statute, but only the.Chaplains in ordinary.

' A Chaplain to be within the Statute ought to her mabred under 3 Cro, 484. Gold 41,

(2) Where an Act of Parliament creates a new parish church and rectory, and directs that the Bishop shall confer a certain prebend on the Rector, and that the prebend shall remain united and annexed to the rectory for ever; this is not such an appropriation of the rectory to the prebend, as makes it an appropriate benefice within this Statute, and tenable with another benefice having care of souls. So, though another Act speaks of the rectory as inseparably annexed to the prebend. Brazen-nose College v, Bishop of Salisbury, 4 Taunt, 831,

35

No. I.

21 H. VIII. c. 13.

Class II.} Statutes relating to the Clergy

XXXII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That no spiritual person or persons, regular or secular, of what estate degree or condition soever he or they be, from the first day of April next coming, have use or keep by him or themselves, or by any person or persons to his or their use or commodity, any manner of tan-house or tan-houses, to be used or occupied to his or their own use commodity No spiritual or behoof; nor from the said nrst day of April next coming, shall have person shall use or keep any manner of brewhouse or brewhouses, to any other use keep a tan-intent or behoof, than only to be spent and occupied in his or their own house or brew-houses, upon pain to forfeit for every month so using and occupying any house.

of the said mysteries or occupations, ten pounds. The one moiety thereof to the King our Sovereign Lord, and the other moiety to him that will sue for the same by original writ bill plaint of debt, or information in any of the King's Courts, in which action and suit no wager of law shall be admitted for the defendant, ne any essoin or protection allowed.

XXXIII. Provided always, That every Duchess Marquess Countess The Chaplain* Baroness widows which have taken or that hereafter shall take any of a Duchess, husbands under the degree of a Baron may take such number of Chap- &c. which have lains as is above limited to them being widows; and that every such taken husbands. Chaplain may purchase licence to have and take such number of benefices with cure of soul, and have like liberty of non-residence in manner

and form as they might have done, if their said ladies and mistresses had kept themselves widows; any thing in this present Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. Provided always, That every spiritual person or persons hav- Spiritual persona ing lands tenements or other possessions in the right of their houses, m*y iteep above the yearly value of eight hundred marks, may keep and retain in cient of their their occupation and manurance, as much of their said lands and tene- own land to ments and other possessions, as shall be necessary and sufficient for maintain their pasturage of their cattle, and for tillage of corn, to be employed and houses, spent for the only maintenance sustentation and keeping of his or their households and hospitalities, without fraud or covin:any thing in this

present Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXV. Provided alway. That it may be lawful to every spiritual per- A spiritual person or persons to take in ferm any messes mansions or dwelling houses, 90, 1 a7 take having but only orchards or gardens in any city borough and town, for dwelling-houae their own habitation or dwelling, any thing in this Act to the contrary with orchard notwithstanding; so that no person spiritual, other than be above pro-

vided for, fur their non-residence, have any liberty of non-residence by ,

colour of this Proviso. (1) Enforced by 20 H. 8 c. 21. which is repealed opw, Ion by 1 & 2 P. & M. c. 8. and retted by 1Eliz. c. 1. 100.3Cm.590.

(1) If a qui tam informer on this Act, be nonsuited, the defendant is intitled to coats. Wilkinson v. Allot. Cowp. 366 *

[No. II.] 25 Henry VIH. c. 16.—An Act that every

Judge of the High Courts may have one Chaplain beneficed with Cure.

* 'Utf’HERE in the Parliament holden at Westminster the twenty-first 25 H.VIII. c.16. 1 year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord King Henry the Eighth, 21 H.VIII. c.13.

* it was among other things ordained and provided, That certain honourable persons, as well spiritual as temporal, shall have Chaplains 1 beneficed with Cure, to serve them in their honourable houses, which

* Chaplains shall not incur the danger of any penalty or forfeiture

* made or declared in the same iParliament for non-residence upon their

* said benefices, or for obtaining licences for dispensations of pluralities; In the which Act no provision was made tor any of the King’s 1 Judges of his High Courts, commonly called the King’s Bench and the Common Pleas, except only for the chief Judge of the King’s

* Bench, nor for the Chancellor nor the chief Baron of the King’s Ex-« chequer, nor for any other inferior persons being of the King’s most

* honourable Council! as by the said Act may appear, 1 v

Statutes relating to the Clergy i [Part I.

II. Wherefore it is ordained and enacted by authority of this present .Parliament, That as well every Judge of the said High Courts, and every of the Chancellor and chief Baron of the said Exchequer, the King's general Attorney and general Solicitor, which for the time is be or shall dc, shall and may from henceforth at his liberty retain and have singularly to every of them in his house, or attendant to his person, one Chaplain having one benefice with cure of souls, which may be absent from his said benefice, and not resident upon the same; the said Statute made in the said one and twentieth year, or any other statute act or ordinance made to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

[No. III.] 28 Henry VIII. c. 11.—For the Restitution of the First-fruits in time of Vacation to the next Incumbent.

28H.VIII.C.11* The reasons for making this Act. 1 Roll. 462, 469* 26 H. VIII. c.3.

* JpORASMUCII as in the statute of the payment unto the King's Majesty, his heirs and successors, of the" first-fruits of spiritual ‘promotions offices benefices and dignities within this Realm, and other the King's Dominions, express mention and declaration is not had ne made, lrom what time the year shall he accounted, in which the first-fruits shall be due and payable to his Highness, that is to wit, whether immediately from the death resignation or deprivaiiun of every incumbent, or from the time of admission or new taking of possession in every such promotion.

* II. And also by reason that in the same statute it is not declared

* who shall have the fruits tithes and other profits of the said benefices ‘^offices promotions and dignities spiritual, during the time of vacation thereof, divers of the archbishops and bishops of this Realm, have, not ‘only of the time of perceiving and taking of tithes (that is to say, wool lamb corn and hay and tithes usually paid at the holy time of Easter) hath approached, deferred the collation of such benefices as have been of their own patronage, but also have, upon presentations of clerks made unto them by the just patrons, protracted and deferred to institute, induct and admit the same clerks, to the intent that they might havo

and perceive to their own use the same tithes growing during the vaca *

The time from which First-fruits are due to the King.

Fruits taken during the vacation of a benefice, shall be restored to the next Incumbent. See 1 El. c. 4. § 24. Co. pi. f. 368. b. Vin. Ab. V. 13. 975 co 378.

part of one year’s profits 1 promotions, and to 9erve the cure at their and their friends' projier costs ‘and charges, or utterly to forsake and give over the benefices and ‘promotions to their great loss and hindrance. '

III. For reformation whereof, Be it ordained and enacted by the King our Sovereign Lord, with the assent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said year, in which the first-fruits shall be paid to the King's Grace, shall begin and be accounted immediately after the avoidance or vacation of any such benefice or promotions spiritual afore rehearsed; and that the tithes fruits oblations obvemions emoluments commodities advantages rents and all other whatsoever revenues casualties or profits certain and uncertain afl’ering cr be* longing to any archdeaconry deanry prebend parsonage vicarage hospital wardenship provostship or other spiritual promotion benefice dignity or office (chaunteries only except) within this realm or other the King’s Dominions, growing rising or coming during the time of vacation of the same promotion spiritual, shall belong and afiere to such person as shall be thereunto next presented promoted instituted inducted or admitted, and to his executors, towards the payment of the first-fruits to the King’s Highness, his heirs and successors} any usage custom liberty privilege or prescription to the contrary hat! used or being in any wise ^withstanding.

> the next Incumbent.

Class II.] Statutet relating to the Clergy.

IV. And it is also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Archbishop Bishop Archdeacon Ordinary or any other person or persons to their uses and behoof, at any time heretofore sith the first day of May last past, have perceived received or taken, or at any time hereafter do perceive receive or take the fruits tithes obventions oblations emoluments commodities revenues rents advantages profits or casualties The forfeiture coming growing or belonging, or which hereafter shall come grow affere of the Ordinary or belong to any archdeaconry deanry prebend parsonage vicarage which receiveth hospital wardenship provostship or other spiritual promotion benefice the firuiti of a dignity or office (chauntries only excepted) within this realm or other *ne*ce during the King’s dominions, during the vacation of such archdeaconry deanry th* cation> prebend parsonage vicarage hospital wardenship provostship or other jSowfjhein spiritual promotion benefice dignity or office (chauntries only except- tQ t° e cd) and the same, upon reasonable request from henceforth to be made, jnc doth not render resture satisfy content and pay to the next incumbent being lawfully instituted inducted or admitted to such archdeaconry deanvy prebend parsonage or vicarage or other promotion benefice dignity or office spiritual, except before excepted, or do let or interrupt the

said incumbent to have the same; that then every Archbishop Bishop Archdeacon Ordinary or other person so doing, shall forfeit and lose the treble value of so much as he shall then have received of the fruits of every prebend parsonage vicarage hospital wardenship provostship or other spiritual promotion, whereof he so shall perceive receive or detain let or interrupt the incumbent to perceive receive and have the fruits tithes obventions oblations emoluments commodities revenues rents advantages profits or casualties; the moiety of which forfeiture shall be to the King our Sovereign Lord, and the other moiety thereof to the incumbent of the same prebend parsonage or vicarage, or other spiritual promotion, to be recovered in any of the King’s Courts by action bill plaint information or otherwise, in which action or suit the defendant shall not be admitted to wage his law, nor any protection or essoin shall be unto the defendant allowed.

V. Provided alway. That it shall be lawful to every Archbishop What part of Bishop Archdeacon and Ordinary their officers and ministers to the fruits of a retain in his or their custody so much of the tithes fruits obventions benefice the oblations emoluments commodities advantages rents revenues casual- Ordinary may ties and profits as shall amount to pay unto s'ich person or persons as retain in his hath or shall serve or keep the cure of such archdeaconry deanry pre- hand# *

bend parsonage or vicarage or other spiritual promotion, during the what causes, vacation, his or their reasonable stipend or salary; and also for the collection gathering and levying of , such tithes fruits emoluments rents and other profits rising and growing during the vacation aforesaid; any tiling in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority afore- Incumbents said. That in case any of the incumbents aforesaid happened to die, and may declare before his death hath caused any of his glebe lands to be manured and their wills of sown at his proper costs and charges with any corn or grain; that then any corn 8°wn in that case all and every of the same incumbents may make and dc- by them upon clare their testaments ot all their profits of the corn growing upon the the'r &lcbe said glebe lands so manured and sown; any thing contained in this present Act in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And where also before this time divers and many parsons

* vicars and other spiritual persons, being seised for term of their lives,

• of and in the said spiritual promotions aforenamed, as well for great ‘sums of money to them beforehand paid, as for other causes and considerations, have let in ferm for term of years, by sufficient writings,

their said parsonages vicarages and other spiritual promotions, or part thereof, unto divers and many of the King’s subjects, and after such leases ‘by them so made, the lessors thereof nave oftentimes used to resign 1 their said benefices or spiritual promotions so demised and letten in ferm; by reason of which resignation and other Acts of the said lessors ‘the said benefices and other spiritual promotions have been

3a

No. III. 88 H. VIII. c. 11.

If a spiritual person do demise his benefice for years, and after doth resign or die, how long the lessee may enjoy it. Altered by 1 & 2 Ph. & M. c. 17.

Statutes relating to the Clergy.

[Part I.

The successors shall have the parsonage-house and the glebe not sown.

Provision for the Curate who serves during the vacation.

1 the title and interests of the said lessees hath been thereby annihilate

* and of none effect in the law, contrary to right and good conscience

* for reformation whereof, and for a quietness the better hereafter to be 1 had and continued between the King s subjects, * Be it enacted by autho-thority of this present Parliament, That from the aforesaid first day of May last part, no manner of such lease, by sufficient writing heretofore macle, nor hereafter to be made by any spiritual person within this Realm of England, Wale *, or the marches of the same, to any lay person, of any parsonage vicarage or other spiritual promotion aforesaid within this Realm, upon which lease the rent and services reserved, with other the yearly charges of the lease, as in serving the cure and otherwise, shall amount within forty shillings by the year of as much as the said parsonage vicarage or other spiritual promotion aforesaid, so ietten, is rated ana valued at upon the King’s books, for paying the first-fruits, shall be adjudged void annihilate or determined by reason of any such resignation or other avoidance of the said benefice or spiritual promotion so Ietten, by the only Act of the said lessor; but that every such lessee or grantee of any such benefices or spiritual promotions aforesaid, their executors or assigns, shall have and may enjoy their terms and interests of and in the same for the term of six years to be accounted next and immediately after the said avoidance, if the said lessor do so long live, and the lease so by him before made do so long continue and endure; and that after such avoidance the successor or succesors of every such lessor shall and may distrain for the rent and services so reserved, and have their actions of debt and all other advantages by way of action entry or otherwise against the said lessee his executors or assigns for recovery of the said rent and covenants upon the said lease reserved as the lessor thereof might have had if no such avoidance had been had. (1)

VIII. And further be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if hereafter it happen any such lessor to decease and die before the end of the term by him so made, and that there Jbe one year at least to come of the said term, that then it shall be lawful to the lessee thereof, his executors or assigns, to hold and enjoy their said lease to the end of the same year, wherein he is so entered at the time of his said lessor’s death, if his said lease do so long continue, bearing and paying unto the successor of every such lessor all such rent and services as for the remnant of the said year shall upon every such lease be due: for the recovery whereof the said successor shall and may have all such ways and advantages as before is limited and given to the successor, where his predecessor maketh such lease and resigneth.

IX. Provided alway, That every successor, after the death of his predecessor, may and shall have upon one month’s warning after the time of his induction the mansion-house of every such parsonage vicarage or other spiritual promotion aforesaid, with the glebe belonging to the same, not being sworn at the time of his said predecessor’s death, for maintenance of his household, deducting therefore in his rent as heretofore hath been bom for the same or as it is reasonably worth: any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. Provided alway, That if tht fruits of the vacation of the said spiritual promotions be not sufficient to pay the Curate’s stipend and wages for serving the cure the vacation time, that then the same to be born and paid by the next incumbent within fourteen days next after that he hath the possession of any of the said promotions spiritual.

(1) By 1 6c 2 Ph. & Mary, c. 17, 4t touching Lease* to be hereafter made by tpiritual Persons, so much of this Act as relates to making good any leases, shall not extend to any lease made by any

parson vicar or any other having spiritual promotion, after the Feast of the Purification then next.

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy.

[No. IV.] 28 Henry VIII. c. 13.—The Bill for Non-res!-dence spiritual Men and their Benefices. Repealed by 57 Geo. HI. e. 99.

[No. V.] 33 Henry VIII. c. 28.—An Act for the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, and others, to have Chaplains.

1 rFO the King our Sovereign Lord. Where in the Parliament holden at Westminster in the one and twentieth year of your most gracious reign, it was amongst other things ordained and provided. That certain honourable persons, and other of your Highness Counsellors and 1 Officers, as well spiritual as temporal, should and might have Chaplains beneficed with cure, to serve and attend upon them in their houses, (2)

* which Chaplains shouldnot incur the danger of any penalty or forfeiture

* made or declared in the same Parliament for non-residence upon their

* said benefices, or for obtaining licences or dispensations of pluralities, (3)

* in which Act is no provision made for any of the head Officers of your

* Grace's several Courts of your Duchy of Lancaster, the Courts of Aug* mentations of the Revenues of your Highness Crown, the First-Fruits

* and Tenths, the Master of your Majesty’s Wards and Liveries, the Gene* ral Surveyors of your Grace’s Lands and other your Grace’s Courts/

If. In consideration whereof it may please your Majesty that it may be enacted by your Highness with the assent of the Lords Spiritual ana Temporal, and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Thatthe Chancellor of the said Court of the Duchy of Lancaster, the Chancellor of your Highness Court of Augmentations, the Chancellor of your Grace’s Court of First-Fruits and Tenths, the Master- of your Highness Wards and Liveries, and every of your Grace’s General Surveyors of your Highness Lands, the Treasurer of your Grace’s Chamber, the Treasurer of your Highness Court of Augmentations, and the Groom of your Grace's Stole, and every of them for the time being, shall and may retain singularly to every of them in his house or attendant unto his person one Chaplain having one benefice with cure of souls, which may be absent from the said benefice and non-resident upon the same; the said Estatute made in the said twenty-first year of your most gracious reign, or any other estatute act or ordinance made to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

HI. Provided alway, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every of the said Chaplains so being beneficed as aforesaid, and dwelling with any the Officers afore named, shall personally repair two times in every year at the least to his said benefice and cure, and there to tarry and abide by the space of eight days at every such time at the least, to visit and instruct his said cure, (2) upon the pain to forfeit for every time so failing forty shillings, the one moiety thereof to the King our Sovereign Lord, the other to such as will sue for the same by action of debt bill plaint or information in any of the King’s Courts of itecord, in which suit no essoin protection or wuger of law shall be allowed.

[No. VI.] 13Eliz. c. 12.—An Act for the Ministers Of the Church to be of sound Religion.

TPII AT the Churches of the Queen’s Majesty’s dominions may be served A with Pastors of sound religion, Be it enacted by the authority of this present Parliament, That every person under the degree of a Bishop, which doth or shall pretend to* be a priest or minister of God’s holy word and sacraments, by reason of Any other form of institution consecration or ordering i han the form set forth by Parliament in the time of the late King of most worthy memory, King Edward the Sixth, or now used in the reign of our most gracious sovereign Lady before the feast of the Nativity of Christ next following, shall in the presence of the Bishop or

* V^jL

3a

No. IV. 28 H. VIII.

c. IS.

33H.VII. c.23. 21H.V1U. uncertain persons which may retain one Chap-tain having a benefice with cure of souls, that may be absent from his benefice.

These Chaplains must sometimes rer sort to their cure.

13 Elis. c. 12. This Act enforced by 5 Ann. c. 5.

40 Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

guardian of the spiritualities of some one diocese where he hath or shall nave ecclesiastical living, declare his assent, and subscribe to all the articles of religion, which only concern the confession of the true Christian faith, and the doctrine of the sacraments, comprised in a book imprinted, intitti!ed Articles, whereupon it was agreed by the Archbishop and Bishops of* both provinces and the whole clergy in the convocation

* holden at London in the year of our Lord God one thousand five hundred

* sixty and' two, according to the computation of the Church of England, 1 for the avoiding of the diversities of opinions and for the establishing of

* consent touching true religion put forth by the Queen's authority and shall bring from such Bishop or guardian of spiritualities in writing, under his seal authentick, a testimonial of such assent and subscription; and openly on some Sunday in the time of the public service afore noon in every Church where by reason of any ecclesiastical living he ought to attend, read bo th the said Testimonial and the said Articles; upon oain that every such person which shall not before the said feast do as is aoove appointed

aw< shall De ipso facto deprived, and all his ecclesiastical promotions shall be Dyer 377. Cro. void, as if he then were naturally dead.

El. 252, 511, 679. 1 Roll. 83, 473.

Reading of the Articles and Testimonial. Hob. 168. 6 Cok. 29.

No. VI.

13 Elis, c. 12.

Cro. Jac. 533. Every Ecclesiastical person shall subscribe the Articles touching the confession of the Faith, and declare his assent thereunto. March 119. Vaugh. 131, 133. Lane 4.

The penalty for maintaining of doctrine against the Articles.

Several things required in him who shall be admitted to a benefice.

1 Leon. 230.

1 Anders. 62.

The age of a Minister or Preacher, and his Tcstiroo3 Bulstr. 90,

3 Mod. 674

4 Mod.135, 136. 2 Salk. 539.

II. And that if any person ecclesiastical, or which shall have ecclesiastical living, shall advisedly maintain or affirm any doctrine directly contrary or repugnant to any of the said Articles, and being convented before the Bishop or the diocese or the ordinary, or before the Queen’s Highness’ Commissioners in Causes Ecclesiastical, shall persist therein, or not revoke his error, or after such revocation eftsoon affirm such untrue doctrine, such maintaining or affirming and persisting, or such eftsoon affirming shall be just cause to deprive such person of his ecclesiastical promotions:and it shall be lawful to the Bishop of the diocese or the ordinary or the said Commissioners to deprive such person so persisting, or lawfully convicted of such eftsoons affirming, and upon such sentence of deprivation pronounced he shall be indeed deprived.

III. And that no person shall hereafter be admitted to any benefice with cure, except he then be of the age of three and twenty years at the the least and a deacon, and shall first nave subscribed the said Articles in presence of the ordinary, and publickly read the same in the parish Church of that benefice, with declaration of unfeigned assent to the same: and that every person, after the end of this session of Parliament, to be admtited to a benefice with cure, except that within two months after his induction he do publickly read the said Articles in the same Church whereof he shall have cure, in the time of common prayer there, with declaration of his unfeigned assent thereunto, and be admitted to minister the Sacraments within one year after his induction, if he be not so admitted before, shall be upon every such default, ipso facto immediately deprived.

IV. And that no person now permitted by any dispensation or otherwise shall retain any benefice with cure, being under the age of one and twenty years, or not being deacon at the least, or which shall not be admitted as is aforesaid, within one year next after the making of this Act, or within six months after he shall accomplish the age of four and twenty years, on pain that such his dispensation shall be merely void.

V. And that none shall be made Minister, or admitted to preach or administer the Sacraments, being under the age of four and twenty years; nor unless he first bring to the Bishop of that diocese, from men known to the Bishop to be of sound religion, a testimonial both of his honest life and of his professing the doctrine expressed in the said Articles: nor unless he be able to answer and render to the ordinary an account of his faith in Latin, according to the said Articles, or have special gift or ability to be a preacher: nor shall be admitted to the order of deacon or ministry unless he shall first subscribe to the said Articles. (1) 1

(1) The proriripns respecting age are enforced by Stat. 44 Geo. III. c. 43, post No. 31. j

No. VI. 13 Eliz. c. 12.

Class II.] Statutes relating to tlte Clergy. 41

VI. And that none hereafter shall be admitted to any benefice \viih cure or above the value of thirty pounds yearly in the Queen's books, unless he shall then be a Bachelor of divinity, or a preacher lawfully allowed by some Bishop within this Realm, or by one of the Universities of Cambridge or Oxford,

VII. And that all admissions to benefices institutions and inductions, Jj?ve

to be made of any person contrary to the form or any provision of this a°» Act, and all tolerations dispensations qualifications and licences whatso- f 7.?v ever to be made to the contrary hereof, shall be merely void in law, as if 0 1 foun •" they never were.Admissions.

VIII. J Provided alway, That no title to confer or present by lapse, Inductions,

shall accrue upon any deprivation ipso facto, but after six months after T°lcratiOI»« notice of such deprivation given by the Ordinary to the Patron. [1 t No lapse upon

Roll. 155.] deprivation, but

after notice.

Dyer 377.

[No. VII.] 31 Elizabeth, c. 6.—An Act against Abuses in Election of Scholars, and Presentation to Benefices;

4 Tl^ HERE AS by the intent of the founders of colleges churches-col- 31 Elia. c. 6.

* legiate churcbcs-cathedral schools hospitals halls and other like Elections, pre- societies within this Realm, and by the statutes and good orders of the »«ntations, &c.

* same, the elections presentations and nominations of fellows scholars in colleges, &c. 4 officers and other persons to have room or place in the same are to be wrought con4 had and made of the fittest and most meet persons being capable of tralT l° m’ 4 the same elections presentations and nominations freely, without any pDtJv the reward gift or thing given or taken for the same:And for true per- Cro. Jao*533.

4 formance whereof, some electors presenters and nominators in the 3 j^gt< [52.

4 same, have or should take a corporal Oath to make their elections 1 RolL157, 236. 4 presentations and nominations accordingly: yet notwithstanding it is 2 Roll. 83; 465. 4 seen and found by experience, that the said elections presentations and nominations be many times wrought and brought to pass with money gifts and rewards, whereby the fittest persons to be elected presented or nominated, wanting money or friends, are seldom or not at all preferred, contrary to the good meaning of the said founders and the said 1 good statutes and ordinances of the said colleges churches schools nails hospitals and societies, and to the great prejudice of learning and the commonwealth and estate of the Realm:

II. For remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Queen’s most excellent The forfeiture Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons in this of him who present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That taketh reward if any person or persons, bodies politic or coporate, which hate election h" vo, in presentation or nomination, or voice or assent in the choice election pre-, el~

sentation or nomination of any fellow scholar or any other person, to fow*.s>«'olar» have room or place in any of the said churches colleges schools hospitals , IV> a co *

halls nr shall at any timp aftpr fnrtv rlavs n#»xt aflor thfi

JW IC«4IU UI «uijr vmiici piuui, Uiiciujr ui luuutuujr, ui sutui iuivc anjr Moor 877. pi. promise agreement covenant bond or otherassurance to receive or have 1231. Vin. V. any money fee reward or any other profit, directly or indirectly, either to 19, 455, &c. him or themselves or to any other of their or any of their friends for 2 Haw. p. C. his or their voice or voices assent or assents or consents in electing 389 & 396. choosing presenting or nominating any officer fellow scholar or other Hob. 75, 167. person to have any room or place in any of the said churches colleges 1 Cr0* 37. schools halls hospitals or societies; that then and from thenceforth the March 84. place room or office which such person so offending shall then have in any the said churches colleges schools halls hospitals or societies shall be void: And that then, as well the Queen's Majesty, her heirs and successors, and every other perst 11 and persons, their ncirs and successors, to whom the presentation donation gift election of disposition shall of right belong or appertain of any such of the said rooms or places of the said person offending as aforesaid, shall or may at their pleasure elect present nominate place or appoint any other person or persons in the j

The penalty for giving or taking of money for resigning a place in a college, society, &c. Hob. 165.

At every election this Statute, and the Statutes of the House shall be read.

Who shall have the forfeitures, and by what means.

The penalty for presenting to a benefice, or for being presented for reward. Coke Entr. 516.

Statuteirelating to the Clergy. [Part I.

room offiee or place of such person or persons so offending, as if the said person or persons so offending then were naturally dead.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any fellow officer or scholar of any the said churches colleges schools halls hospitals or societies, or other persons having room or place in any of the same, shall at any time hereafter, directly or indirectly, take or receive, or by any way device or means contract or agree to have or receive any money reward or profit whatsoever for the leaving or resigning up of the same his room or place for any other to be placed in the same, that then every person so taking or contracting or agreeing to take or have any thing for the same shall forfeit and lose double the sum of money or value of the thing So received and taken, or agreed to be received and taken; and every person by whom or for whom any money gift or reward as aforesaid shall be given or agreed to be paid shall he uncapable of that place or room for that time or turn; and shall not be, nor had nor taken to be a lawful fellow' scholar or officer of any of the churches colleges halls hospitals schools or societies, or to have-such room or place there, but that they to whom it shall appertain, at any time thereafter shall and may elect choose present and nominate any other person fit to be elected presented and nominated into the said room or fellowship, as if the said person by or for whom any such money gift or reward shall be given or agreed to be paid were dead, or had resigned and left the same. And for more sincere election choice presentation and nomination of fellows scholars officers and other persons to have room or place hereafter in any of the said churches colleges halls schools hospitals and others the like societies;

IV. Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at the time of every such election presentation and nomination hereafter to be had, as well this present Act as the orders and statutes of the same places concerning such election presentation or nomination to be had, shall then and there be publicly read, upon pain that every person in whom default thereof shall be, shall forfeit ana lose the sum of forty pounds; all which forfeitures shall and may be had and recovered in any her Majesty’s courts of record by any person or persons bodies politick and corporate that will sue for the same by bill plaint or action of debt, in which no essoin protection or wager of law shall be allowed:the one moiety whereof shall be to him or them that will sue for the same; the other moiety to the use of the said church college hall hospital school or society where such offence shall be committed, glntt for tf)e 9b0thing of dtmont>(l) and corruption in presentations collations and donations of and to benefices dignities prebends and other livings and promotions ecclesiastical and in admissions institutions and inductions to the same:

V. Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons, bodies politic and corporate, shall or do, at any lime after the end of forty days next after the end of this Session of Parliament, for any sum of money reward gift profit or benefit, directly or indirectly, or for or by reason of any promise agreement grant bond (2) covenant or

(1) These and the following words, which in all the editions of the Statutes are printed as part of the fourth Section, are the Preamble to the fifth. - In consequence of not attending to this, it has been erroneously stated by several writers, and some Judges, that the word Simony does not occur in the Statute. See Burns' Ecc. Law, Art. Simony. The division into Sections does not appear in the original Records, and is merely the act of the printer.

(2) It was established by several cases, that a general bond of resignation was not Void by this Statute, but Courts of Equity prevented such bonds from being made an improper use of; and it was latterly considered, that the opinion in favour of their legality rested rather upon the

authority of established Precedents than upon a true construction of the Statute. In the case of the Bishop of London v. Ffytche, before the House of the Lords, in 1783, the Courts of Common Pleas and King’s Bench decided in favour of the bond, but the judgment was reversed contrary to the opinion of the majority of the Judges, but with the concurrence of Lord Chancellor Thur-low. A detailed account of the case was published by Mr. Cunningham, and the opinions of some of the Judges, with the speeches of some of the Bishops and the Lord Chancellor, are contained in Burns’ Ecc. Law, Art. Simony. In Bagshaw v. Bossley, 4 T. R. 78, a bond to resign in case of nonresidence or committing waste on the parsonage was sustained, Lord Kenyon said| ^.c; ie

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy.

other assurances of or for any sum of money reward gift profit or benefit whatsoever, directly or indirectly, present or collate any person to any benefice with cure of souls dignity prebend or living ecclesiastical, or give or bestow the same for or in respect of any such corrupt cause or consideration; (3) That then every suen presentation collation gift and bestowing, and every admission institution investiture anil induction thereupon, shall be utterly void (4) frustrate and of none effect in law. And that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Queen’s Majesty, her heirs and successors, to present collate unto or give or bestow every such benefice dignity prebend and living ecclesiastical for that one time or (urn only; (5) and that all and every person or persons, bodies politic and corporate, that from thenceforth shall give or take any such sum of money reward gift or benefit, directly or indirectly, or that shall take or make any such promise grant bond covenant or other assurance, shall forfeit and lose the double value (6) of one year’s profit of every such benefice dignity prebend and living ecclesiastical; and the person so corruptly (7) taking procuring seeking or accepting any such benefice dignity prebend or living, shall thereupon and from thenceforth be adjudged a disabled person in law, to have or enjoy the same benefice dignity prebend or living ecclesiastical.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall at any time after forty days next after the end of this Session of Parliament, for any sum of money reward gift profit or commodity whatsoever, directly or indirectly, (other than for usual and lawful fees) or tor or by reason of any promise agreement grant covenant bond or other assurance, of cr for any sum of money reward gift profit or benefit whatsoever, directly or indirectly, admit institute instal induct invest or place any person in or to any benefice with cure of souls dignity prebend or other living ecclesiastical; that then every such person so offending shall forfeit ana lose the double value of one year’s profit of every such benefice dignity prebend and living ecclesiastical: and that thereupon immediately from and after the investing installation or induction(8) thereof had, the same benefice dignity prebend and livings ecclesiastical shall be eftsoons

3 Lev. 33?.

The penalty for presenting or collating, or for being presented to a benefice with cure for reward. 2 Roll. 465. Cro. Jac. 335. Cro. Car* 330 *

tt‘ I avoid saying any thing respecting the case of the Bishop of London r. Ffytche, when that question comes again before the House of the Lords, they will, I have no doubt, review their former decision, if it should become necessary. It is sufficient for me, in deciding the present case, to say, that it cannot be governed by that." In Partridge v, Whiston, id. 359, upon a bond to resign for the Patron’s son to be presented, the Court of B. R. understanding that it was intended to take the case to the House of Lords, gave judgment for the plaintiff without argument. They said as this was not precisely similar to the case of the Bishop of London t>. Ffytche, they were bound by the established Series of Precedents. It does not appear from the last edition of Brown's P. C. that the case came before the House of Lords. In Legh v. Lewis, 1 East, 391, where a bond of resignation by a Schoolmaster was holden good, the Court referred to Ffytche The Bishop of London, as being founded solely upon the authority of the Statute. See also Newman v. Newman, 4 M. & . 66, in which it appears to be the opinion of the Court that a bond to resign in favour of a particular person, is good.

(3) An Inclosure Act recited it as uncertain whether the Chaplain or Curate were entitled to the several tithes, or to a certain money-payment, and declared that nothing therein should affect such right. The inhabitants afterwards

elected J. P. and entered into an agreement, signed by him, for a certain augmentation, and a proviso that the augmentation should be only made upon the occupiers, and should not alter the

payment of----with which the lands had

immemoriably been charged. This was ruled to be Simoniacal, as intended to estop the Curate from insisting oil his right to tithes, and to furnish evidence against future Curates. Rex v. Bishop of Oxford, 7 East. 600. For other cases of Simony see Com. Dig. Esglise. No. 3.

(4) This is held to mean not merely voidable, and a Simonical presentation may be shewn as a defence in a suit for tithes—3 Inst. 120—but a tenant of the glebe cannot, after payment of rent to the Incumbent, dispute his title on the ground of Simony.—Cooke v. Loxley, 5 T. R. 4.

(5) But a Simoniacal presentation by usurpation does not authorize the King to present if a prejudice to the rightful Patron. 3 Inst. 153. Vide 1 Mars. 292. 5 Taunt. 727.

(6) This is to be accounted the real value, as formed by a jury, and not the valuation in the King's books. 3 Inst. 154.

(7) If the Presentee is not privy to the Simony he is not disabled from being presented upon another vacancy, but if privy he is disabled for life—2 Hawk. 396____12 Co. 101.

(8) The Church does not become void by this Act till after induction. 3 Inst. 155.


No tide to confer by lapse, but after six months notice.

The penalty for corrupt resigning or exchanging of a boner fice with cure of souls.

Penalties inflicted by the Ecclesiastical Law be not taken away by this Statute.

The penalty for giving or taking of rewards to make Ministers, to give licence to preach.

Who shall have the forfeitures, and by what means.

Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

merely void:And that the patron or person to whom the advowson gilt presentation or collation shall by law appertain, shall and may by vittue of this Act present or collate unto give and dispose of the same benefice dignity prebend or living ecclesiastical in such sort, to all intents and purposes, as if llie party so admitted instituted installed invested inducted or placed had been or were naturally dead.

VII. Provided always, That no title to confer or present by lapse shall accrue upon any voidance mentioned in this Act, but after six months next after notice given of such voidance, by the Ordinary to the patron.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any incumbent of any benefice with cure of souls, al ter the end of the said forty days, do or shall corruptly resign or exchange the same, or corruptly take for or in respect of the resigning or e xchanging of the same, directly or indirectly, any pension sum of money or benefit whatsoever; that then as well the giver as the taker of any such pension sum of money or other benefit corruptly shall lose double the value of the sum so given taken or had; the one moiety as well thereof, as of the forfeiture of double value of one year’s profit before mentioned, to be to the Queen’s Majesty her heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them that will sue for the same, by action of debt bill or information, in any of her Majesty’s Courts of Record, in which no essoin protection or wager of law or privilege shall be admitted or allowed.

IX. Provided always, That this Act, or any thing herein contained, shall not in any wise extend to take away or restrain any punishment pain or penalty limited prescribed or instituted by the laws ecclesiastical, For any the offences before in this Act mentioned, but that the same shall remain in force, and may be put in due execution, as it might be before the making of this Act; this Act or any thing therein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

X. Provided further, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever shall or do at any time after the end of this Session of Parliament receive or take any money fee reward or any other profit, directly or indirectly, or shall take any promise agreement covenant bond or other assurance to receive or have any money fee reward or any other profit, directly or indirectly, cither to him or themselves, or to any other of their or any of their friends (all ordinary and lawful fees only excepted) for or to procure the ordaining or making of any minister or ministers, or giving of any orders or licence or licences to preach; that then every person or persons so offending shall for every such offence forfeit and lose the sum of forty pounds of lawful money of England ', and the party so corruptly ordained or made minister or taking orders shall forfeit and lose the sum of ten pounds:And if at any time within seven years next after such corrupt entering into the ministry or receiving of orders he shall accept or take any benefice living or promotion ecclesiastical, That then immediately from and after the induction investing or installation thereof or thereunto had the same benefice living and promotion ecclesiastical shall be eftsoons merely void; and that the patron or person to whom the advowson gift presentation or collation shall by law appertain, shall and may by virtue of this Act present or collate unto give and dispose of the same benefice living or promotion ecclesiastical in sucti sort, to all intents and purposes, as if the party so inducted invested or installed had been or were naturally dead; any law ordinance qualification or dispensation to the contrary notwithstanding; The one moiety of all which forfeitures shall be to our Sovereign Lady the Queen, her heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them that will sue for the same by action of debt bill plaint or information in any of her Majesty’s Courts of Record, in which no essoin protection privilege or wager of law shall be admitted or allowed. Coke Lit. 120. a.

45

Class II.] Statutes delating to the Clerfe/t

[No. VIII.] 3 Jac. I. c. 5.—An Act to prevent and avoid $. Dangers which grow by Popish Recusants.

XVIII. AND be it further enacted by the authority of this present Parliament, That every person or persons that is or shall be a Popish ec* »9»20, recusant convict, during the time that he shall be or remain a recusant, shall from and after the end of this present Session of Parliament be utterly disabled to present to any benehce, with cure or without cure, iCBt to a kCnC-prebend or any other ecclesiastical living, or to collate or nominate to gce> nor g^t ~ any free school hospital or donative whatsoever, and from the beginning m Advowson. of this present Session of Parliament shall likewise be disabled to grant Enlarged by any avoidance to any benefice prebend or other ecclesiastical living. 1 W. & M.

XIX. And that the Chancellor and Scholars of the University of 0.r- Sets. 1. c. 26. ford, so often as any of them shall be void, shall have the presentation and 12 Anna?, nomination collation and donation of and to every such benefice prebend *t. 2. c. 14.

or ecclesiastical living school hospital and donative set lying and being The Chancellor in the Counties of Oxford, Kent, Middlesex, Sussex, Surrey, Hampshire, and Scholars of Berkshire, Buckinghamshire, Gloucestershire, Worcestershire, Staffordshire, Oxford shall Warwickshire, Wiltshire, Somersetshire, Devonshire, Cornwall, Dorset- present to a shire, Herefordshire, Northamptonshire, Pembrokeshire, Carmarthenshire, Recusant’s Be-Brecknockshire, Monmouthshire, Cardiganshire, Montgomeryshire, the city neHce in cer-of London, and in every city and town being a county of itself, lying tain counties, and being within any of the limits or precincts of any of the counties Jones aforesaid, or in or within any of them as shall happen to be void during such time as a patron thereof shall be and remain a recusant convict as aforesaid.

XX. And that the Chancellor and Scholars of the University of Cam- The Chancellor bridge shall have the presentation nomination collation and donation of an<l Scholars of and to every such benetice prebend or ecclesiastical living school hospi- Cambridge.

tal and donative set lying and being in the counties of Essex, Hertfordshire, Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire, Huntingdonshire, Suffolk, Norfolk,

JJncolnshire, Rutlandshire, ljeicesltrshire, Derbyshire, Nottinghamshire,

Shropshire, Cheshire, Lancashire, Yorkslme, the county of Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, West more la ml, Radnorshire, Denbishire, Flint-Shirfl, Carnarvonshire, Anglesey shire, ^Merionethshire, Glamorganshire, and >n every city and town being a county of itself, lying within any of the limits or precincts of any of the counties last before mentioned, or in or within any of them as shall happen to be void during such time as the patron thereof shall be and remain a recusant convict as aforesaid.

XXI. Provided, That neither of the said Chancellors and Scholars of None shall be cither of the said Universities, shall present or nominate to any benefice presented who with cure prebend or other ecclesiastical living, any such person as shall hath another then have any other beneliee with cure of souls, and if any such pre- benefice, sentation or nomination shall be had or made of any such person so beneficed the said presentation of nomination shall be utterly void; any

thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

[No. IX.] 13 & 14 Car. II. c. 4.—An Act for the Uniformity of public Prayers, and Administration of Sacraments, and other Rites and Ceremonies; and for establishing the Form of making, ordaining, and consecrating Bishops, Priests, and Deacons, in the Church of England.

• Y^HEItEAS in the first year of the late Queen Elizabeth, there

was one uniform order of common Service and Prayer, and of This Act en* the administration of Sacraments Rites and Ceremonies in the church forced by 5 of England, (agreeable to the word of God and usage of the primitive Ann *, c. 5.

church,) compiled by the reverend Bishops and Clergy, set forth in sec. 1.

• 17 18 Chas. II. If,

1 Elis. c. 2.

The King's declaration and commission for reviewing the Book of Common Prayer, and alterations to be propounded therein.

' Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part 1.

4 one book, intituled, The Book of Common Prayer and Administration of Sacrament, and other Rites and Cer emonies in the Church of England,

* and enjoined to be used by Act of Parliament, hulden in the said first year of the said late Queen, intituled, An Act for the Uniformity of Common Prayer and Service in the Church, and Administration of the Sacraments, (1) very comfortable to all good people desirous to live in Christian conversation, and most profitable to the estate of this Realm;

4 upon the which the mercy favour and blessing of Almighty God is in no wise so readily and plentifully poured, as by common prayers, due using of the Sacraments, and often preaching of the gospel, with dc- votion of the hearers; and yet this notwithstanding, a great number of people in divers parts of this realm following their own sensuality and living without knowledge and due fear of God do wilfully and schis- matically abstain and refuse to come to their parish churches and other public places where common prayer administration of the Sa* craments and preaching of the word of God is used upon the Sundays and other days ordained and appointed to be kept and observed as holydays: And whereas by the great and scandalous neglect of Ministers in using the said Order or Liturgy so set forth and enjoined as aforesaid, great mischiefs and inconveniences during the times of the late unhappy troubles have arisen and grown, and many people have been led into factions and schisms to the great decay and scandal of the reformed religion of the church of England and to the hazard of many souls: For prevention whereof in time to come, for settling the peace of the church, and for allaying; the present distempers which the indisposition of the time hath contracted, the King's Majesty according

* to nis Declaration of the five and twentieth of October one thousand six hundred and sixty granted his Commission under the great Seal of England to several Bishops and other Divines, to review the Book of Common Prayer and to prepare such alterations and additions as they thought fit to offer: And afterwards the Convocations of both the provinces of Canterbury and York, being by his Majesty called and assembled and now sitting, his Majesty hath been pleased to authorize and require the Presidents of the said Convocations and other the Bishops and Clergy of the same to review the said book of Common Prayer and the book of the Form and Manner of the Making and Consecrating of Bishops Priests and Deacons: And that after mature consideration they should make such additions and altc- rations in the said books respectively as to them should seem meet and convenient; and should exhibit and present the same to his Majesty in writing for his further allowance or confirmation: Since which time,

4 upon full and mature deliberation, they the said Presidents Bishops and Clergy of both provinces have accordingly reviewed the said books, ana have made some alterations which they think fit to be inserted to the same; and some additional prayers to the said book of Common Prayer to be used upon proper and emergent occasions;

4 and have exhibited and presented the same unto his Majesty in writing, in one book, intituled, The Book of Common Prayer and Admin is- tration of the Sacraments, and other Rites and Ceremonies of the Church,

4 according to the Use of the Church of England, together icith the Psalter or Psalms of David, pointed as they ere to be sung or said in Churches; and the if'orm and manner af Making Ordaining and Consecrating of Bishops Priests and Deacons i All which his Majesty having duly considered, hath fully approved and allowed the same, and recommended to this present Parliament, That the said books of Common Prayer, and of the form of Ordination and Consecration of Bishops Priests and Deacons, with the alterations and additions which

4 have been so made and presented to his Majesty by the said convoca- ,

* (1) It was not thought material to insert the

Statute of 1 Eli *, c. 2, for the uniformty of Common Prayer in this class, hut from the connec-pn of some of its Provision* with the Criminal

Law, it will be inserted, or more particularly noticed in the class of Part 5, which relates to offerees against the Established Church,

Class IIJ Statutes relating to the Clergy. 47

* tions, be the book which shall be appointed to be used by all that No. IX.

* officiate in all cathedral and collegiate Churches and Chapels, and in .

* all Chapels of Colleges and Halls in both the Universities, and the 13 jt

* Colleges of Eaton and Winchester, and in all parish Churches and "• c« 4.

* Chapels within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and- town y s 1 of Berwick upon Tweed, and by all that make or consecrate Bishops

* Priests or Deacons, in any of the said places, under such sanctions

* and penalties as the House of Parliament shall think fit.

* II. Now in regard that nothing conduced more to the settling of the peace of this nation (which is desired of all good men,) nor to the

* honour of our religion, and the propagation thereof, than an universal

* agreement in the public worship of Almighty Godand to the intent The Peace and that every person within this realm may certainly know the rule to Honour of He-which he is to conform in public worship and administration of Sacra- ligion much admen ts and other rites and ceremonies of the Church of England, and vance<l by uni-the manner how and by whom Bishops Priests and Deacons are and fon? agreement ought to be made ordained and consecrated; be it enacted by the pubbe King’s most excellent Majesty, by the advice and with the consent of

the Lord’s Spiritual and Temporal, and of the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and singular Ministers in any Cathedral Collegiate or Parish Church or Chapel or other place of public worship within this realm of England, dominion of Wales and town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, shall he bound to say and use the Morning Prayer Evening Prayer celebration and administration of both the Sacraments and all other the Publick and Common Prayer in such order and form as is mentioned in the said book annexed and joined to this present Act, and intituled, The Book of The Book of Common Prayer and Administration of the Sacraments, and other rites and Common Pray-Ceremonies of the Church, according to the use of the Church of England; *r*hallbe used. together with the Psalter or Psalms of David; pointed as they are to be sung or said in Churches; and the form or manner of making ordaining and consecrating of Bishops Priests and Deacons: And that the Morning and *

Evening Prayers therein-contained shall upon every Lord’s Day and upon all other days and occasions, and at the times therein appointed, be openly and solemnly read by all and every Minister or Curate in every Church Chapel or other place of public worship within this realm of England and places aforesaid.

1II. And to the end that uniformity in the public worship of God All Parsons Vh (which is so much desired} may be speedily effected, be it further enacted cars and Mini-by the authority aforesaid, That every Parson Vicar or other Minister sters to read whatsoever who now hath and enjoyeth any ecclesiastical benefice or and declare promotion within this realm of England or places aforesaid, shall, in the their assent to Church Chapel or Place of publick Worship belonging to his said benefice UM the •Bme* or promotion, upon some Lord’s Day before the Feast of St. Bartholomew, which shall be in *he year of our Lord God one thousand six hundred sixty and two, openly publickly and solemnly read the Morning and Evening Prayer appointed to be read by and according to the said Book of Common Prayer, at the times thereby appointed; and after such reading thereof shall openly and publickly before the congregation there assembled declare his unfeigned assent and consent to the use of all things in the said Book contained and prescribed, in these words, and no other:—

* IV J A. B. do here declare my unfeigned assent and consent to all

and every Thing contained and prescribed in and by the Book,

intituled, The Book of Common Prayer and Administration of the Sacra* meats, and other Rites and Ceremonies of the Church, according to the use

* of the Church of England; together with the Psalter or Psalms of David,

* pointed as they are to be sung or said in Churches; and the form or manner 1 of making ordaining and consecrating of Bishops Priests and Deacons

V. And that all and every such person who shall (without some The penalty for lawful impediment to be allowed and approved of by the Ordinary of refusing, the place) neglect or refuse to do the same within the time aforesaid, 23GcalI, c.26

Statutes relating to the Clergy.

[Part I.

Every Parson shall read the Common Prayer, and declare his assent thereto.

The penalty for not doing so.

2 Show. 53.

Incumbents of livings, keeping curates, shall read the same once every month.

Penalty and manner of conviction for not doing it.

(or in case of such impediment, within one month after such impediment removed,) shall ipw facto be deprived of all his spiritual promotions: and that from thenceforth it shall be lawful to and for all Patrons and Donors of all and singular the said spiritual promotions, or of any of them according to their respeciive rights and titles, to present^ or collate to the same as though the person or persons so offending or neglecting were dead. (1)

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall hereafter he presented or collated, or put into any Ecclesiastical Benefice or Promotion within this realm of England and places aforesaid, shall, in the Church Chapel or Place of Publick Worship belonging to his said Benefice or Promotion within Two Months next after that he shall be in the actual possession of the said Ecclesiastical Benefice or Promotion, upon some Lord's Day, openly publickly and solemnly read the Morning and Evening Prayers appointed to bp read by and according to the said Book of Common Prayer, at the times thereby appointed; and after such reading thereof shall openly and publickly before the congregation there assembled declare bis unfeigned assent and consent to the use of all things therein contained and prescribed, according to the form before appointed: And that all and every such Person who shall (without some lawful impediment to be allowed and approved by the Ordinary of the place) neglect or refuse to do the same within the Time aforesaid, (or in case of such impediment Xvithin One Month after such impediment removed) shall (ipso facto) be deprived of all his said Ecclesiastical Benefices and Promotions: And that from thenceforth it shall and may be lawful to and for all Patrons and Donors of all and singular the said Ecclesiastical Benefices and Promotions, or any or them, according to their respective rights and titles, to present or collate to the same, as though the person or persons so offending cr neglecting wrcre dead.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all Places where the proper Incumbent of any Parsonage or Vicarage, or Benefice with Cure, doth reside on his Living and keep a Curate, the Incumbent himself in person, (not having some lawful impediment to be allowed by the Ordinary of the place) shall once (at the least) iu every mouth openly and publickly read the Common Prayers and Service in and by the said Bock prescribed, and (if there be occasion) administer each of the Sacraments and other Riles of the Church, in the Parish Church or Chapel of or belonging to 4he same Parsonage Vicarage or Benefice, in such order manner and form as in and by the said Book is appointed; upon pain to fuifeit the sum of live Pounds to the use of the Poor of the parish for every offence, upon conviction by confession or proof of t\vo credible Witnesses upon oath before two Justices of the Peace of the county city or town corporate where the offence shall be committed, (which oath the said Justices are hereby impoweretl to administer) and in default of payment within Ten days, to be levied

(1) In Powel r. Milbank, 2 Bl. Rep. 851, which was an action for money had and received to try the title of the plaintiff as Incumbent of a donative: two questionstvere made—1st, Whether an Incumbent of a donative were obliged to conform to this Statute and 13 Elis, (supra No. 6,) as to which the Court strongly inclined to think in the affirmative, observing, that the point seemed to have been settled in Carver r. Pinckney, 3 Leo. 82. 2dly, Whether it were necessary for him to give evidence in that action that he had complied with the Statutes, upon which the Court Were of opinion, that as no evidence had been given by the defendant to raise a doubt whether the plaintiff had subscribed, &c. it was not in* cumhcnt on him to give evidence of his having genially done so. The presumption (said De

Grey, C. J.) always is, that every man conforms to the Laws, and that presumption shall stand till something appears to shake it; nor is the defendant hereby put upon proving a direct negative.—It is a negative qualified with circumstances.'—Some of these ceremonies are to be performed publicly within a limited time. Registers are kept of the others. And if evidence had been given that a person had regularly at* tended the Church and heard nothing of this matter, or if a search had been made in the Bishop’s Register and nothing had been fbund therein, this would have destroyed the presumption* and put the plaintiff on the proof of his having performed these requisites.—5. C. by the name of Powell r, Milbvro, 3 WiU. 355,

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy. 40

by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender, by the No. IX.

warrant of the said Justices, Dy the Churchwardens or Overseers of the iq fir 14

poor of the said parish, rendering the surplusage to the party. n 14

VUI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every ^ar> " c* 4* Dean Canon and Prebendary of every Cathedral or Collegiate Church, and all Masters and other Heads Fellows Chaplains and Tutors of or Deans, ftc. shall in any College Hall House of Learning or Hospital, and every publick subscribe the Professor and Header in either of the Universities and in every College Declaration, elsewhere, and every Parson Vicar Curate Lecturer and every other 15Car.lLc.fi. person in IIolv Orders, and every Schoolmaster keeping any publick or Sc* 12 Anna, private school, and every person instructing or teaaiing any youth in 2. c. 7. any house or private family as a Tutor or School-master, who upon the first day of May which shall be in the year of our Lord God one thousand six hundred sixty-two, or at any time thereafter, shall be incumbent or See 19G.UI. have possession of any Deanery Canonry Prebend Mastership Head- c. 44. 52 G. III. ship Fellowship Professor’s place or Reader's place Parsonage Vicarage c* I55* [P°* or »any other ecclesiastical dignity or promotion, or of any Curate's ^>art M Place Lecture or School, or shall instruct or teach any youth as Tutor or School-master, shall before the feast day of Saint Bartholomew which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty-two, or at or before his or their respective admission, to be incumbent or have possession aforesaid, subscribe the Declaration or acknowledgment following, scilicet,

* IX. |~T A. B. do declare, That it is not lawful upon any pretence The Dec!anL whatsoever to take arms against the King; and that 1 do tion.

abhor that traiterous position of taking arms by his authority against

* his person, or against those that are commissionated by him] and that dudedin bfok-4 I will conform to the Liturgy of the Church of England, as it is now by ets abollah«d by

law established: And J do declare that I do hold, there lies no obliga- w.&M.Sen. 4 tion upon me or on any other person from the oath commonly called i, c. 8, sec. 11.

* The Solemn League and Covenaut, to endeavour any change or altera* tion of Government either in Church or State; and that the same was in itself an unlawful oath, and imposed upon the subjects of this realm against the known laws and liberties of this kingdom.

X. Which said declaration and acknowledgment shall be subscribed by every of the said Masters and oilier Heads Fellows Chaplains and Tutors of or in any College HaM or House of Learning, ana by every public Professor and Header in either of the Universities, before the Vice-Chancellor of the respective Universities for the time being, or his deputy. And the said declaration or acknowledgment shall be subscribed before the respective Archbishop Bishop or Ordinary of the Diocese by

every other person hereby enjoined to subscribe the same; upon pain that The penalty fee all and every of the persons aforesaid failing in such subscription shall notsubacrikna. lose and forfeit such respective Deanry Canonry Prebend Mastership Headship Fellowship Professor’s Place Reader’s Place Parsonage Vicarage ecclesiastical dignity or promotion Curate's Place Lecture aad School, and shall be utterly disabled and (ipso facto) deprived of the same:

And that every such respective Deanry Canonry Prebend Mastership Headship Fellowship Professor’s Place Reader's Place Parsonage Vicarage ecclesiastical dignity or promotion Curate’s Place Lecture and School shall be void as if such person so failing were naturally dead.

XI. And if any School-master or other person instructing or teaching firhoolmiitwp youth in any private house or family as a Tutor or School-master shall in prince instruct or teach any youth as a Tutor or School-master before licence house *, obtained from his respective Archbishop Bishop or Ordinary of the But tee Star. Diocese, according to the Laws and Statutes of this realm (for which W 0eo- HL he shall pay Twelve-pence only) and before such subscription and ao-knowledgment made as aforesaid; then every such School-master and I. t 5*J other instructing and teaching as aforesaid shall for the first offence

suffer three months imprisonment without bail or mainprise, and for every second tod other suob offence shall suffer three months imprU VOl. I. . JS b^<

50 r 'Statutesrelating to the Ctergij. [Part 1.

No. IX. sonment without bail or mainprize, and also forfeit to his Majesty the 13 & 14 sum ve P°un(k: And afa* such subscription made, every such

r || Parson Vicar Curate and Lecturer shall procure a certificate under the

Car. 11. c. 4. an(j seaj Qf tjje respective Archbishop Bishop or Ordinary of the Diocese (who are hereby enjoined and required, upon demand, to make and deliver the same) and shall publickty and openly read the same, together with the declaration or acknowledgment aforesaid, upon some Lord’s Day within three months then next following, in his parish church J . where he is to officiate, in the presence of the congregation there assembled in the time of divine service, upon pain that every person failing therein shall lose such Parsonage Vicarage or Benefice Curate's place or Lecturer's place respectively, and shall be utterly disabled and (ipto facto) deprived of the same, and that the said Parsonage Vicarage or Benefice Curate’s place or Lecturer's place shall be void as if he was naturally dead.

WJ)at to be XII. Provided always, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of omitted in the March which shall be in the year of our Lord God one thousand six Declaration af- hundred eighty-two, there shall be omitted in the said declaration or ter the 26th of acknowledgment so to be subscribed and read, these words following, Match 1642. sciUcetj

.* AND I do declare, that I do hold there lies no obligation on me, or on 1 any other person, from the oath commonly called The Solemn - 1 League and Covenant, to endeavour any change or alteration of Go‘ vemment either in Church or State, and that the same was in itself an 1 unlawful oath, and imposed upon the subjects of this realm against the 1 known laws and liberties of this kingdom/

So as none of the persons aforesaid shall from thenceforth be at all obliged to subscribe or read that part of the said declaration or acknowledgment.

Persons not or- XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That from and after the dained accord- feast of St. ’Bartholomew which shall be in the year of our Lord one thou-ing to Episcopal sand six hundred sixty and two, no person who is now incumbent and in Ordination shall possession of any Parsonage Vicarage or Benefice, and who is not already not hold any m Holy Orders by episcopal ordination or shall not before the said feast Ecclesiastical jay of gt Bartholemezo be ordiined priest or deacon according to the promotion, &c. form of episcopal ordination, shall have hold or enjoy the said Parsonage ' Vicarage Benefice with cure or other ecclesiastical promotion within this Kingdom Of England, or the Dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, but shall be utterly disabled and (ipso facto) deprived of the same, and all his ecclesiastical promotions shall be void as if he was naturally dead.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person whatsoever shall thenceforth be capable to be admitted to any Parsonage Vicarage Benefice or other ecclesiastical promotion or dignity whatsoever, nor shall presume to consecrate and administer the Holy Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, before such time as he shall be ordained Priest according to the form and manner in and by the said book prescribed, unless he have formerly been made Priest by episcopal ordination, upon pain to forfeit for every offence the sum of one hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to the King’s Majesty, the other moiety thereof to be equally divided between the poor of the'parish where the offence shall be committed and such person or persons as shall sue for the same By action of debt bill plaint or information in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record, wherein no essoign protection or wager of law shall be allowed, and to be disabled from taking or being admitted into the order of Priest by 'the space of one whole year then next following.

’ XV.' Provided that the penalties in this Act shall not extend to the foreigners or aliens of the foreign Reformed Churches allowed or to be allowed by the King’s Majesty his Heirs and Successors in England. ’

XVI. Provided always, That no title to confer or present by lapse shall accrue by any avoidance or deprivation (ipso facto) bj virtue of this Statute, but after six months after notice of suen avoidance or deprivation

Class It.] Statutes relating to the 51

given by the ordinary to the patron, or such sentence of deprivation openly No. IX, ' and publicly read in the parish church of the Benefice Parsonage or Vicar- .

age becoming void, or whereof the incumbent shall be deprived by virtue 13 ,

of this Act. Car. II. c. 4.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no Form or Order of Common Prayers Administration of Sacraments Ilitcs No other Fot*i or Ceremonies shall be openly used in any Church Chapel or other public of Common

}>lace of or in any College or Hall in either of the Universities, the CoK Prayer to be eges of Westminster Winchester or Eaton or any of them, other than what openly used in is prescribed and appointed to be used in and by the said Book:and that an7 Church or the present Governor or Head of every College and Hall in the said Uni- public place; * versifies and of the said Colleges of Westminster Winchester anrl Eaton, % within one month after the feast of St. Bartholomew which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and two, and every Governor or Head of any of the said Colleges or Halls hereafter to be elected or appointed within one month next after his election or collation and admission into the same government or headship, shall openly and publicly in the Church Chapel or other public place of the same College or Hall, and in the presence of the fellows and scholars of the same or the greater part of them then resident, subscribe unto the nine and thirty Articles of Religion mentioned in the statute made in the thir- Subscription to teenth year of the reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, and unto the said the thirty-nine Book, and declare his unfeigned assent and consent unto and approbation Articles men-of the said Articles and of the same Book, and to the use of all the prayers tioned in the rites and ceremonies forms and orders in the said Book prescribed and Stat. 13 Elis, a contained, according to the form aforesaid; and that all such Governors 12. or Heads of the said Colleges and Halls or any of them, as are or shall be in holy orders, shall once (at least) in every quarter of the year (not having a lawful impediment) openly and publicly read the Morning Prayer and Service in and by the said Book appointed to he read in the Church Chapel or other public place of the same College or Hall, upon pain to lose* '

and be suspended of and from all the benefits and profits belonging to the same government or headship by the space of six months by the visitor or visitors of the same College or Hall; and if any Governor or Head of any College or Hall suspended for not subscribing unto the said Articles and Book, or for not reading of the Morning Prayer and Service as aforesaid, shall not at or before the end of six months next after such suspension subscribe unto the said Articles and Book, and declare his consent thereunto as aforesaid, or read the Morning Prayer and Service as aforesaid, then such government or headship shall be (ipso facto) void.

XVIII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to use the Whemayus* Morning and Evening Prayer and all other prayers and service prescribed the Service is in and Dy the said Book in the Chapels or other public places of the Latin, respective Colleges and Halls in both the Universities, in the Colleges of Westminster Winchester and Eaton, and in the Convocations of the clergies of either province in Latin; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no Lectures, person shall be or be received as a Lecturer or permitted suffered or al- r

lowed to preach as a Lecturer, or to preach or read any sermon or lecture in any Church Chapel or other place of public worship within this realm of England or the dominion of Wales and town of Berwick upon Tweed, unless he be first approved and thereunto licensed by the Archbishop of the province or Bishop of the diocese, or (in case the see he void) by the Guardian of the spiritualties under his seal, and shall, in the presence of the same Archbishop or Bishop or Guardian read the nine and thirty Articles of Religion mentioned m the statute of the thirteenth year of the 13 Eli *, c, 12, late Queen Elizabeth, with declaration of his unfeigned assent to the same; and that every person and persons who now is or hereafter shall be licensed assigned and appointed or received as a Lecturer to preach upon any day of the week in any Church Chapel or place of public worship within this realm of England or places aforesaid, the first time he prwheth (before bis sermon) shall epenly publicly and solemnly read tho

t'2

[No. IX.

.’13 & 14 •-ar. II. c. 4.

.Lectures in Ca-.*h«4nlorCoUe-fciate Churches.

4 the Penalty up-*m penoos dinged that preach. Explained by 15 Car. II. c.6.

* 7.

Common Pray-fcr to be read fcefore every lecture, and the Lecturer to be ^present.

Proviso for sermons a.nd lectures in the Universities.

♦Statutes form-.e»ly made for uniformity Ot Common Prayer, confirmed,

fcc.

Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

Common Prayers and Service in and by the said Book appointed to be read for that time of the day, and then and there publicly and openly declare his assent unto and approbation of the said Book and to the use of all the prayers rites and ceremonies forms and orders therein contained and prescrioed, according to the form before appointed in this Act: and also shall upon the first lecture day of every month afterwards, so long as he -continues Lecturer or Preacher there, at the place appointed for his said lecture or sermon, before his said lecture or sermon openly publicly and solemnly read the Common Prayers and Service in and by the said Book appointed to be read for that time of the day at which the said lecture or sermon is to be preached, and after such reading thereof shall openly and publicly before the congregation there assembled declare his unfeigned assent and consent unto and approbation of the said Book and to the use of all the prayers rites and ceremonies forms and orders therein contained and prescribed, according to the form aforesaid; and that all and every such person and persons who shall neglect or refuse to do the same, shall from thenceforth be disabled to preach the said or any other lecture or sermon in the said or any other Church Chapel or place of public worship, until such time as he and they shall openly publicly and solemnly read the Common Prayers and Service appointed by the said Book, and conform in all points to the things therein appointed and prescribed, according to the purport true intent and meaning of this Act.

XX. Provided always, That if the said sermon or lecture be to be

Ereached or read in any Cathedral or Collegiate Church or Chapel, it shall e sufficient for the said lecturer openly at the time aforesaid to declare his assent and consent to all things contained in the said book, according to the form aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authorify aforesaid, That if any person who is by this Act disabled to preach any lecture or sermon shall during the time that he shall continue and remain so disabled preach any sermon or lecture, that then for every such offence the person and persons so offending shall suffer three months imprisonment in the common-gaol without bail or mainpri/.e; and that any two Justices of the peace of any county of this kingdom and places aforesaid, and the Mayor or other chief Magistrate of any city or town corporate within the same, upon certificate troin the Ordinary of the place made to him or them of the offence committed, shall and are hereby required to commit the person or persons so offending to the gaol of the same county city or town corporate accordingly.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at all and every time and times when any sermon or lecture is to be preached, the common prayers and service in and by the said book appointed to be read for that time of the day shall he openly publickly and solemnly read by some Priest or Deacon in the church chapel or place of publick worship where the said sermon or lecture is to be preached, before such sermon or lecture be preached, and that the Lecturer then to preach shall be present at the reading thereof.

XXIII. Provided nevertheless, That this Act shall not extend to the University Churches in the Universities of this realm, or either of them, when or at such times as any sermon <jr lecture is preached or read in the said churches or any of them for or as the public university sermon or lecture; but that the same sermons and lectures may be preached or read in such sort and manner as the same have been heretofore preached or read; this Act or any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding. ‘

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several good laws and statutes of this realm which have been formerly made and are now in force for the Uniformity of Prayer and administration of the sacraments within this realm of England and places aforesaid, shall stand in full force and strength to all intents and purposes whatSQever for the establishing and confirming of the said book, intituled, The Booh of Common Prayer ami Administration of the Sacraments and other Bites awf Ceremonies of the Church, according

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy.

to the Vie of the Church if England; together with the Plotter or Pialmt of David, pointed as they are to be sung or said in Churches, and the Form or Manner of making, ordaining, and consecrating of Bishops, Priests and Deacons, herein befure mentioned to be joined ana annexed to this Act, and shall be applied practised and put in ure for the punishing of all offences contrary to the said laws, with relation to the book aforesaid and no other.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority Litanies, See. aforesaid. That in all those prayers litanies and collects which do any relating to the way relate to the King, Queen or royal progeny, the names be altered King, See. and changed from time to time and fitted to the present occasion according to the direction of lawful authority.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. True copies of That a true printed copy of the said hook, intituled, TAe Book of Com- the Book of mon Prayer and Administration of the Sacraments, and other Rites and Common Pray Ceremonies of the Church, according to the use of the Church of England, er to be prarid-together with the Psalter or Psalms of David, pointed as they are to be sung riinttt

or said in Churches, and the form and manner of making, ordaining, and Churches, Ac. c. consecrating of Bishops, Priests and Deacons, shall at the costs and charges of the parishioners of every parish church and chapelry cathedral church college and hall be attained and gotten before the feast-day of St.

Bartholomew in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty arid two, upon pain of forfeiture of three pounds by the month for so long time as they shall then after be unprovided thereof by every parish or chsuielry cathedral church college and hall making default therein.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by die authority aforesaid, Proriae for the That the Bishops of Hereford, St, Dtivitfs, Asaph, Bangor, and Landaff, Btshope of P> and their successors, shall* take such order among themselves for the souls refold, dec. health of the flocks committed to their charge within Wales that the

book hereunto annexed be truly and exactly translated into the British or Welsh tongue; and that the same, so translated and being by them or any three of them at the least viewed perused and allowed, be imprinted to such number at least so that one of the said books so translated and imprinted may be had, for every cathedral collegiate and parish church and chapel of ease in the said respective dioceses and places in Wales where the Welsh is commonly spoken or used, before the first day of May one thousand six hundred sixty-five; and that from and after the imprinting and publishing of' the said book so translated the whole divine service shall be used and said by the ministers and curates throughout all Wales within the said dioceses, where the Welsh tongue is commonly used in the British or Welsh tongue, in such manner and form as is prescribed according to the book hereunto annexed to be used in the English tongue, differing nothing in any order or form from the said English book; lor which book so translated and imprinted the churchwardens of every the said parishes shall pay out of the parish money in their hands for the use of the respective churches and be allowed the same on their account; and that the said Bishops and their successors, or any three of them at the least, shall set and appoint the price for which the said book shall be sold:and one other Book of Common Prayer in the EnglUh tongue shall be bought and had in every church throughout Wales in which the Book of Common Prayer in Welsh is to be had by force of this Act, before the first day of Alay one thousand six hundred sixty and four, and the same books to remain in such convenient places within the said churches that such as understand them may resort at all convenient times to read and peruse the same ', and also such as do not understand the said language may by conferring both tongues together the sooner attain to the knowledge of the English tongue; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding: and until printed copies of the said book so to be translated may be had and provided, the Form of Common Prayer established by Parliament before the making of this Act shall be used as formerly in such parts of Wales w|icre the English tongue^ is not commonly understood.

Time copies of this .Aft, and th$ Book* of . Common Prayer, by whom, end how to be hid and kept.

Proviso for the King’s Professor of Law in Oxford.

Proviso concerning the 36th Article agreed in the Convocation. Anno 1562.

Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

XXVIII. And to the end that the true and perfect copies of this Act and the said hook hereunto annexed may be safely kept and perpetually preserved, and for the avoiding of all disputes for the time to come; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the respective Deans and Chapters of every cathedral or collegiate church within England and Wales shall at their proper costs and charges, before the twenty* fifth day of December one thousand six hundred sixty and two, obtain under the great seal of England a true and perfect printed copy of this . Act and of the said book annexed hereunto, to be by the said Deans and Chapters and their successors kept and preserved in safety for ever, and to be also produced and shewed forth in any court of record as often as they shall be thereunto lawfully required; and also there shall be delivered true and perfect copies of this Act and of the same book into the respective Courts at Westminster, and into the Tower of London, to be kept and preserved for ever among the records of the said Courts and the records of the Tower, to be also produced and shewed forth in any court, as need shall require; which said books so to be exemplified under the great seal of England shall be examined by such persons as the King’s Majesty shall appoint under the great seal of England for that purpose, and shall be compared with the original book hereunto annexed, and shall have power to correct and amend in writing any error committed by the printer in the printing of the same book or of any thing therein contained, and shall certify in writing under their hands ana seals or the hands and seals of any three of them, at the end of the same book, that they have examined and compared the same book and . find it to be a true and perfect copy; which said books and every one of them so exemplified under the great seal of England as aforesaid shall be deemed taken adjudged and expounded to be good and available in the law to all intents ana purposes whatsoever, and shall be accounted as good records as this book itself hereunto annexed; any law or custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIX. Provided also, That this Act nor any thing therein contained shall not be prejudicial or hurtful unto the King’s Professor of the Law within the university of Oxford, for or concerning the prebend of Shipton within the cathedral church of Santm united and annexed unto the place of the same King's professor for the time being by the late King James of blessed memory.

XXX. Provided always, That whereas the six and thirtieth article of the nine and thirty articles agreed upon by the Archbishops and Bishops of both Provinces and the whole Clergy in the convocation holden at London in the year of our Lord one thousand five hundred 9ixty-two, for the avoiding of diversities of opinions and for establishing of consent touching true religion, is in these words following, viz.

« That the Book of Consecration of Archbishops and Bishops and " Ordaining of Priests and Deacons lately set forth in the time of King u Edward the Sixth, and confirmed at the same time by authority of (i Parliament, doth contain all things necessary to such consecration and ordaining, neither hath it any thing that of itself is superstitious and ungodly:And therefore whosoever are consecrated or ordered accord-« ing to the rites of that book since the second year of the aforenamed " King Edward unto this time, or hereafter shall be consecrated or u ordered according to the same rites, We decree all such to be rightly u orderly and lawfully consecrated and ordered j"

XXXI. It be enacted, and be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all subscriptions hereafter to be had or made unto the said articles by any deacon priest or ecclesiastical person or other person whatsoever, who by this Act or any other law now in force is required to subscribe unto the said Articles, shall be construed and be taken to extend and shall be applied (for and touching the said six and thirtieth article) unto the book containing the form and manner of making ordaining and consecrating of bishops priests and deac^np^ j^tKijs^Act

Class If, } Statutes relating to the Clergy.

mentioned! in such sort and manner as the same did heretofore extend, unto the book set forth in the time of King Edward the Sixth, mentioned in the said six and thirtieth article; any thing in the said article, or in auy statute act or canon heretofore had or made to th$ contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXII. Provided also, That the Book of Common Prayer and Ad-. ministration of the Sacraments and other rites and ceremonies of .this church of England, together with the form and manner of ordaining and consecrating bishops priests and deacons, heretofore in use anil respectively established by Act of Parliament in the first and eighth years of; Queen Elizabeth, * shall be still used and observed in the church of, England^ until the feast of Saint Bartholomew which shall be in the year of our Lord God one thousand six hundred sixty and two, EXP, as to this last clause.

[No. X.] 15 Car. II. c. 6.—An Act for Relief, of such

Persons as by Sickness, or other Impediment, were! disabled from subscribing the Declaration in the Act of Uniformity; and Explanation of Part of the said Act* ’

The Common Prayer used by authority of Parliament.

1 Etiz. c. 2.

8 Efiz. c. 1. to be used until Bartholomew day, 1662, EXP *

upon every person so offending, that is prohibited by the said Act to preach; any thing doubt or ambiguity in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

[No. XI.] 17 Car. II. c. 3.—An Act for uniting Churches in Cities and Towns Corporate.

VORASMUCH as the settled provision for Ministers in most cities 27 Car. II. c.3« 1 and towns corporate within this realm is not sufficient for the 27 h. VIII. c.

* maintenance of able Ministers fit for such places, whereby mean and 2i. Farther *

* atinpnrliavw nroaniwiro nr. anfartoino/1 tn cortrn tKo mip.i tVica . *.

thereby 1

temptation

.12.

i contempt of the ministry 5

* and Commons in Parliament assembled being deeply sensible of the

* ill consequence thereof, and piously desiring able ministers in such places, and a competent settled maintenance for them by the union of churches, which is also become necessary by reason of the great ruin of many churches and parishes in the late ill times and otherwise do therefore most humbly beseech your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the authority of the same, That in every city or town corporate and 27 Car. II. c. 3. their liberties, within the kingdom of England and dominion of Walet9 In what cities which have a mayor and aldermen and particular justices of the peace and towns, and by charter or commission, or bailiff or bailiffs or other chief officer or how Churche* officers and other assistants by like charter, and where two or more *nd Chapels churches or chapels or a church and a chapel and the parishes there- may united, unto belonging ao lie within the said corporation or liberties thereof, Vm.V.21.594, convenient to be united:In such cases the Bishop of the diocese where such parish and parishes are, with the consent of the mayor aldermen and justices of the peace, bailiff or bailiffs or other chief officer or officers or the major part of them, and of the patron or p^rons ^f suc^q

Mod. Caul in Law, 5, 6.

Ctrtbow 238How and when •uch uniting, shall take effect. And bowsers* nl Patrons shall present.

Dr. and Scud. 116. h.

Parish e» hairing lOOt Msinte-msnct mrf not hi united.

Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

church or churches chapel or chapels, shall or may according to due form of law unite the said churches or chapels or church and chapel or any of them; and shall appoint at which church or chapel churches or chapels the said parishioners and inhabitants of the said parishes or places to which the said churches or chapels or church and chapel do Delong shall usually meet for the worship of God, and which of the said entireties or chapels or church or chapel shall t* united and annexed unto the other, which shall be the church presentative, unto which all presentations shall thereafter be only made, and unto which the parishioners shall resort as their proper church; and after such order made the said churches or chapels or church and chapel shall accordingly for ever stand united: And the parishioners landholders and inhabitants of the said parishes and places belonging to such churches or chapels or church and chapel so united and annexed shall as they or any of them become void, and from thence forward, p^y all such tithes and other duties as belong or did belong to the incumbent of any of the said churches or chapels or church and chapel so united and annexed, unto the incumbent of the said presentative church or chapel unto which the said other churches or chapeb or church or chapel shall be so united and annexed.

II. And it is hereby also enacted, That notwithstanding any such union to be made by virtue hereof, each of the parishes so united shall continue distinct as to all rates taxes parochial rites charges and duties and all other privileges liberties and respects whatsoever other than what is herein-before mentioned and specified; and churchwardens shall be elects ed and appointed for each parish as they were before such union made.

III. And it is further enacted and provided, That where one or more of the said churches or chapels or church and chapel so united and annexed shall be full at the time of making such union, That then the said union shall take effect for every such church or chapel upon the first avoidance after such union made: And that the several patrons of the said churches and chapels so united shall and may present by turns to that church only which shall remain and be presentative from time to time in such order as the said Bishop, with the consent of the said mayor aldermen and justices of peace bailiff or bailiffs or other chief officer or officers within such parishes, or the major part of them, and of the patron or patrons of such church or churches chapel or chapeb, shall determine and decree for the preservation of their respective rights therein, respect being: therein had to the difference of the values of the yearly maintenance belonging to such churches or chapels or any of them; saving unto the King's Majesty hb heirs and successors all the tenths and first fruits of all such churches and chapeb so to be united, according to the rates and valuations at which the said churches and chapeb are rated and valued in the office of first-fruits and tenths in hb Majesty’s Court of Exchequer; and also reserving all procurations and pensions to all persons to whom they arc now and have been formerly or shall be hereafter due and payable; any thing herein contained notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, That no union of parishes or places to be made by virtue of this Act shall commence or be effectual in law until it be registered in the register book of the Bishop of the diocese, which the register is hereby required to do.

v. Provided always, That no union made by virtue hereof shall be good and effectual where the settled maintenance belonging to the parsons vicars and incumbents of the church or cl tape I or churches or chapeb so united shall exceed the sum of one hundred pounds per annum eta* and above all charges and reprises; unless the respective pa-riehioners, or the mqjor part of them, under their hauds desire otherwise.

VI; provided always and be it enacted, That every minister settled as aforesaid the incumbent of any church or chapel or churches and chapels united according to this Act, shall be the lull and lawful incumbent theredf.tp .all, intents and purposes so as such minister be a graduate in one of the Universities of this kingdom.

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Cletgy.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every owner or proprietor owners or proprietors of any impropriation tithes or portion oi tithes in any parish or chapelry within the kingdom of Engluwl or dominion of HWes, is are and shall be by virtue of this Act enabled and impowered to give or bestow unite and annex the same or any part thereof unto the parsonage or vicarage of the said parish church or cnapel where the same do lie or arise, or settle the same in trust for, the benefit of the said parsonage or vicarage, or of the curate and curates there successively where the parsonage is impropriate and no vicar endowed according to his or their respective estates without any licence of mortmain; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if the settled maintenance of such parsonages vicarages churches and chapels so united, or of any other parsonage or vicarage with cure, in the kingdom of England or dominion of Walety shall not amount to the full sum of one hundred j>ounds per annum clear and above all charges and reprises, that then it shall be lawful for the parson vicar and incumbent of the same and his successors, to take receive and purchase to him and his successors lands tenements rents tithes or other hereditaments without any licence of mortmain; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

57

No. XI.

27 Car. II.

c. 3.

Owners of Impropriations may bestow and annex maintenance.

Parsons not having 100/ per annum may purchase and

Rents.

[No. XII.] 29 Car. II. c. 8.—An Act for confirming and perpetuating Augmentations made by Ecclesiastical Persons to small Vicarages and Curacies.

WHEREAS divers Archbishops Bishops Deans and Chapters, and 29 Car. II. c. 8 ,

* other ecclesiastical persons, in obedience to his Majesty’s letters bearing date the first day of June in the twelfth year of his said Ma* jesiy’s reign and out of a pious care to improve poor Vicarages and

* Curacies where the endowment thereof was found too small to afford

* a competent maintenance to those that serve the cure, have since

* his Majesty’s happy return, upon their renewing of leases of rectories

* or tithes impropriate or appropriate made or may hereafter make 1 divers reservations beyond the ancient rent to the intent the same should or might become payable to the said Vicars or Curates, in aog* mentation of their endowments which have been for the most part

* enjoyed accordingly: But in regard that such reservations were not 1 made to the Vicars or Curates; or if they were, no convenient remedy could be had by such Vicars or Curates for the recovery thereof, and

* they were not at the time thereof capable of taking* any interest to

* their own use whereby the said Provisions will depend upon the good

* pleasure of the successors and may in time be disappointed

II. For the establishment thereof, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same, That all and every augmentation of what nature soever granted reserved or agreed to be made -payable, or intended to be granted reserved or made payable, since the said first day of June in the*twelfth year of his said Majesty’s reign, or which shall at any time hereafter be granted reserved or made payable to any Vicar or Curate, or reserved by way of increase of rent to the Lessors, but intended to be to or for the use or benefit of any Vicar or Citrate, by any Archbishop Bishop Dean Provost Dean and Chapter Archdeacon Prebendary or other ecclesiastical corporation person or persons whatsoever, so making the said reservation out of any Rectory impropriate or portion of tithes belonging to any Archbishop Bishop Dean Augmentations Provost Dean and Chapter or other ecclesiastical corporation person or shall continue persons, shall he deemed and adjudged to continue and be, and shall during the for ever hereafter continue and remain as well during the continuance c^t "P00 of the estate or term upon which the said augmentations were granted which they are reserved or agreed to be made payable as afterwards, in whose hands soever the s^id Rectories or portion of tithes shall be or come; which #Kenrirofc

Remedy fox the

Augmentation exceeding one moiety of the value of the Rectory not confirmed.

Augmentation Leases where to be entered.

Fee for entering.

Such entry how to be attested to be a record and evidence at law.

Agreements for Augmenattions to be entered likewise.

Statutes relating to the Clergy fPart I.

rectories or portion of tithes shall be chargeable therewith whether the same be reserved again or not; and the said Vicars and Curates respectively are hereby adjudged to be in the actual possession there*if for the use of themselves and their successors, and the same shall for ever hereafter be taken received and enjoyed by the said Vicars and‘Curates and their successors, as well during the continuance of the term or estate upon which the said augmentations were granted reserved or agreed to be made payable, as afterwards; and the said Vicars and Curates shall have remedy for the same either by distress upon the rectories impropriate or portions of tithes charged therewith, or by action of debt against that person who ought to have paid the same, his executors or administrators; any disability in the person or persons, bodies politic or corporate so granting, or any disability or incapacity in the Vicars or Curates to whom or to or for whose use or benefit the same are granted or intended to be granted; the Statute of Mortmain or any other law custom or other matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That no future augmentation be confirmed by virtue of this Act which shall exceed one moiety of the clear yearly value above all reprizes of the Rectory impropriate out of the which the same shall be granted or reserved.

IV. And to the end the said Vicars and Curates may the better make appear the certainty of the said augmentations; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every Archbishop Bishop Dean and Chapter respectively, on or before the nine and twentieth day of September next coming shall cause every lease or grant whereon auy suen augmentation is made to be fairly entered in a book of parchment to be Kept by their respective registers for that purpose. And every Dean Archdeacon Prebendary, or other ecclesiastical person respectively, shall cause every lease or grant whereon any such augmentation hath been made by himself, his predecessor or predecessors, to be entered in the said book to be kept by the register of the Bishop of the Diocese; for the entering whereof no fee shall be paid, nor any thing demanded, save only a. reasonable reward to the clerk for entering the same, nor exceeding five shillings; which said entry being examined by the respective Archbishop Bishop or Dean and by them respectively attested in the said book to be a true copy of the original lease or grant and that the augmentation in the same was intended for such use shall be as a record; a true copy whereof, proved by witnesses to be a true copy, shall be deemed taken adjudged and expounded to be good and sufficient evidence in the law, whereupon the said Vicars and Curates respectively-shall and may by virtue of this Act from time to time recover the benefit of such augmentation.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any Archbishop Bishop Dean and Chapter or any other ecclesiastical corporation or person whatsoever, upon the renewing or granting any. lease or estate, have made any agreement for an augmentation for the Vicar or Curate, and such augmentation hath for any time been accordingly paid, although the said agreement is not expressed or mentioned in the said lease or grant, every such ecclesiastical person shall cause the substance of such agreement to be entered in the said book to remain for a memorial of it to perpetuity.

VI. And be it further enacted, That such augmentation so entered shall likewise continue and be for ever hereafter good and available in the law, for the benefit of the Vicar or Curate for whom it was intended and their successors, as well against the Archbishop Bishop or other ecclesiastical Corporation or person who agreed for the same and his and their successors, as against every other person enjoying the said Rectories or portions of tithes intended to be charged therewith in the same manner, and for which they shall have the 9ame remedy as they should or ought to have by virtue of this Act, if the same had been mentioned and reserved in and by the lease.

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy '

VII. *And if any question shall hereafter arise concerning the validity of such grants, or any other matter or thing in this Act mentioned and contained, such favourable constructions and such further remedies, if need be, shall be had and made for the benefit of the Vicars and Curates as heretofore hath been had and made, or may be had for other charitable uses upon the Statutes for charitable uses.

VIII. -f Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if upon the surrender expiration or other determination of any lease wherein any such augmention as aforesaid hath been or shall be granted, any new lease of the premises or any part thereof shall hereafter be made without express continuance of the said augmention, every such new lease shall be utterly void to all intents and purposes.

flX. A lease of the parsonage of Stourton saved, ]

[X. A lease of St. Evall, in Cornwall, saved.]

No. XII.

99 Car. IIt c. 8.

* Augmentations to be favoured in construction, as charitable Uses.

fNew beasts without express continuance of the Augmentations to be void.

[No. XIII.] 1 William and Mary, St. 1. c. 16.—An Act that the Simoniacal Promotion of One Person may not prejudice another.

WHEREAS it hath often happened that persons Simoniack or Sitno- 1 W. andM.

1 niacally promoted to benefices or ecclesiastical livings have en- c. 16.31 Elia.

joyed the benefit of such livings many years, and sometimes all their c *

life-time, by reason of the secret carriage of such simoniacal dealing;

4 and after the death of such Simouiac person another person innocent of such crime and worthy of such preferment, being presented or 1 promoted by another patron, innocent also of that simoniacal contract, c nave been troubled and removed upon pretence of lapse for otherwise)

to the prejudice of the innocent patron in reversion ana of his clerk,

whereby the guilty go away with profit of his crime and the innocent succeeding patron and his clerk are punished contrary to all reason (and good conscience

II. For prevention whereof be it enacted by the King's and Queen's Simonitc*! con-most excellent Majesties, by and with the advice and consent of the tract where it* Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia- h*ll preju-ment assembled, and by the authority of the same, That after the death £Ice*v 10

of the person so simoniacally promoted the offence or contract of Vm. V. 19.455. Simony shall neither, by way of title in pleading or in evidence to a jury p c

or otherwise, hereafter be alledged or pleaded to the prejudice of any 339^*39*6/ other patron innocent of Simony or of his clerk by him presented or promoted, upon pretence of lapse to the Crown Metropolitan or otherwise, unless the person simoniac or simoniacally presented or his patron was convicted of such offence at the common law or some Ecclesiasti-siastica! Court in the life-time of the person Simoniac or Simoniacally promoted or presented; any law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it also provided enacted and declared by the authority Lease made aforesaid, That no lease or leases really and bona ftde made or hereafter bona fide by Sn to be made by any such person as aforesaid Simoniac or Simoniacally momst good, promoted to any Deanery Prebend or Parsonage or other, ecclesiastical

benefice or dignity for good and valuable consideration, to any tenant or person not being privy unto or having notice of such Simony, shall be impeached or avoided for or by reason of such Simony, but shall be good and effectual in law, the said Simony notwithstanding.

[No. XIV.] 1 William and Mary, c. 26.—An Act to

vest in the Two Universities the Presentations of Benefices belonging to Papists.

* WHEREAS in and by a certain clause mentioned in one Act of Par- 1 w. &M.cM, liament made in the third year of the reign of King James the

* First, intituled An Act to prevent and avoid Dangers which may grow by *ac*c *

60

No. XIV.

1 W. & M. c. 26.

Persons refiw ing Declaration disabled to present, &c. Anne, c, 15.

Statutes relating to the Clergy.

[Part I.

Universities shall present. See.

Trustees disabled.

3 Jac. I. c. 5. Enlarged as to Papists not convict, by 12 Annar, st. 2. c. 14. sec. 1.

Penalty upon Trustees presenting without

Popish Recusants it is enacted, That every person or persons that is or shall be a Popish recusant convict, during the time that he shall be or remain a recusant, shall from and after the end of that present session

* of Parliament he utterly disabled to present any benefice with cure or without cure prebend or any other ecclesiastical living, or to collate or nominate to any free school hospital or donative whatsoever, and from the beginning of the said Parliament shall likewise be disabled

* to grant any avoidance to any benefice prebend or other ecclesiastical living

II. Be it enacted by the King's and Queen’s most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and conseut of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by authority of the same, That every person who shall refuse or neglect to make repeat and subscribe the declaration mentioned in one Act of this present Parliament intituled An Act for the better securing the Government by disarming Papists and reputed Papists, when the same shall be tendered to such person by any two or more Justices of the Peace as in the said Act is enacted, or who shall upon notice given, as in the said Act is directed, refuse or forbear to appear before them for the making repeating and subscribing thereof, and shall thereupon have his name surname and usual place of abode certified and recorded at the general quarter sessions to be holden for the shire riding division or liberty, for which such two Justices shall be Justices of the Peace by the Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk as in the said Act is appointed; every such person so recorded shall be from and after the time of such record made adjudged taken and esteemed disabled to make such presentation collation nomination donation or grant of any avoidance of any benefice prebend or ecclesiastical living as fully and amply as if such person were a Popish recusant convict by the laws or statutes of this realm; any law statute or usage to the contrary notwithstanding:And that the Chancellor and scholars of the University of Oxford and the Chancellor and scholars of the University of Cambridge, by what name or names soever they or either of them are incorporated, shall respectively have the presentation nomination collation and donation of and to every such benefice prebend or ecclesiastical living school hospital and douative set lying and being in the respective counties cities and other the places and limits in the said Act of the third of King James mentioned, as in and by the said Act is directed and appointed, so often as any of them shall become void, according to the limitations directions and provisions in that behalf limited enacted and provided.

* III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any person or persons are or shall be seised or possessed of any advowson right of presentation collation or nomination to any such ecclesiastical Jiving free school or hospital as aforesaid, in trust for any Papist or Popish recusant who shall be convicted or disabled according to the true intent and meaning of the said Statute made in the third year of the reign of the said King James the First, or by this present Act every such person and persons so seised and possessed in trust for any Papist or Popish recusant convict or disabled shall be and are hereby adjudged to be disabled to present nominate or collate to any such ecclesiastical living free school or hospital, or to grant any avoidance thereof; and their and every of their presentations nominations collations and grants shall be null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever; and the Chancellors and scholars of the said respective Universities, as aforesaid, upon every avoidance shall have the presentations nominations and collations to such ecclesiastical livings Free schools and hospitals, in such manner as they should have the same in case such recusant convict or disabled were seised or possessed thereof.

IV. And in case any trustee or trustees or mortgagee or grantee of any avoidance hereafter present nominate or collate, or cause to be presented nominated or collated, any person to any such ecclcsiatical living free school or hospital, whereof Inc trust shall be for any recusant convict or disabled, without giving notice of the avoidance irf writing to the Vic

Class ft.] Statutes relating to the Ciergxj.

Chancellor for the time being of the University, to whom the presentation nomination or collation shall belong according, to the true intent of this Act within three months after the avoidance shall happen, such trustee or trustees mortgagees or grantees, shall forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds to the said respective chancellors and scholars of either of the said Universities, to whom such presentation nomination or collation shall belong, according; to the true intent of this present Act to be recovered in any of their Majesties* Courts of Record by action of debt bill plaint or information, wherein no ession protection or wager of law shall be allowed.

V. Provided always, That the said Chancellors and scholars of either of the said Universities shall not present or nominate to any benefice with cure prebend or other ecclesiastical living any person as shall then have any other benefice with cure of souls; and if any such presentation shall be had or made of any such person so beneficed the said presentation shall be utterly void; * any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided, That if any person so presented or nominated to any benefice with cure shall be absent from the same above the space of sixty days in any one year, that in such case the said benefice snail become void.

VII. Provided nevertheless, That if any such person shall present himself before the Justices of the Peace at the general quarter sessions to be holden for the county riding division or liberty where his name was recorded, and shall there in open court make repeat and subscribe the said declaration and take the several oaths contained in one Act of this present Parliament, intituled An Act for the abrogating of the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths, he small from thenceforth be discharged of and from the said disability, and be enabled to make such presentation collation nomination and donation and grant of any avoidauce to any benefice prebend or ecclesiastical living school or hospital, as if this Act had not been made.

[No. XV.] 4XXWilliam and Mary, c. 12.—An Act to make

Parishioners of the Church United Contributors to the Repairs and Ornaments of the Church to whom the Union is made.

* WI1ERR AS ky an Act of Parliament made in the seventeenth year'of

* v 1 the reign ofKing Char les the Second of blessed memory, provision

* was made for the uniting Churches in cities and towns corporate: and forasmuch as it is highly reasonable that parishioners of parishes whose

* Churches are demolished, and either before or afterwards united toother Churches, should be contributors towards the repairs and other pafochial charges of such other Church to which by virtue of the said Act 1 they are united

II. Therefore be it enacted by the King’s and Queen’s most excellent Majesties, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That where any Churches heretofore have been or hereafter shall be united by virtue of the said Act, and one of the said Churches so united was at the time oF such union, or shall afterwards be, demolished, that in all such cases as often as the Church which was or shall be made the Church presentative, and to which the union was or shall be made, shall be out of repair, or there shall be need of decent ornaments for the performance of divine service therein, that the parishioners of the parish whose Church shall then be down or demolished shall hear and pay towards the charges of such repairs and decent ornaments such share and proportion as the Archbishop or Bishop that shall make such union shall by the same union direct and appoint; and for want of such direction and appointment then one-third part of such (barges of the repairs and decent ornaments which shall be made or pro *

vjiO

61

No. XIV. . 1 W. & M.

C. 26.

Presentation of person beneficed, void.

What absence makes living void.

Taking the Oaths purges the disability.

Cap. 8.

4 W. & M.C.12 *

17 Car. IL c. 3.

37H.VIII.C.21. If two Churches be united and one of them down, the Parishioners of that Church shall pay towards the repairs, &c. of the other.

Via. V. 21.594,

£6 Statutes refating to the Clergy, [Part I.

No. XV. vkled; and the same shall be rated taxed and levied, and in default thereof 4 W & M suc^ Process an(* proceedings shall be had and made against him or them as if it were for the reparation and finding decent ornaments for their

C. lx. own parish church if no such union had been made; any law custom usage or opinion to the contrary heretofore notwithstanding.

[No. XVI.] 2 & 3 Anne, c. 11.—An Act for the Making more effectual her Majesty's gracious Intentions for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, by enabling her Majesty to grant in Perpetuity the Revenues of the First-fruits and Tenths; and also for enabling any other Persons to make Grants for the same Purpose.

2&3 Anne, c.ll. YlWHEREAS at a Parliament holden in the six and twentieth year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, the first-fruits revenues 26H.YIILc.3 and profits for one year upon every nomination or appointment to any € dignity benefice office or promotion spiritual within this realm or else* where within the said King’s dominions, and also a perpetual yearly rent or pension amounting to the value of the tenth part of all the

* revenues and profits belonging to any dignity benefice or promotion spi-c ritual whatsoever, within any diocese of this realm, or in Wales, were granted to the said King Henry the Eighth his heirs and successors;

* and divers other Statutes have since been made touching jhc first-fruits and annual tenths of the Clergy, and the ordering thereof: and whereas 4 a sufficient settled provision for the Clergy, in many parts of this Realm, 4 hath never yet been made, by reason whereof divers mean and stipen* diary preachers are in many places entertained to serve the cures and officiate there, who depending for their necessary maintenance upon

* the good-will and liking of their hearers have been and are thereby under temptation of too much complying and suiting their doctrines and teaching to the humours rather than the good of their hearers, 4 which hath teen a great occasion of faction and schism and contempt of 4.the ministry: And forasmuch as your Majesty taking into your princely and serious consideration the mean and insufficient maintenance be’4longing to the Clergy in divers parts of this your Kingdom, hath teen most graciously pleased out of your most religious and tender concern for the Church of England, (whereof your Majesty is the only supreme head on earth) and for the poor Clergy thereof, not only to remit the arrears of your tenths due from your poor clergy, but also to declare unto your most dutiful and loyal Commons your royal pleasure and pious desire that the whole revenue arising from the first-fruits and tenths of the Clergy might be settled for a perpetual augmentation of the maintenance of the said Clergy in places where the same is not already sufficiently provided for:’ We your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects the Commons of England in Parliament assembled, to the end that your Majesty's most gracious intentions may be made effectual, and that the Church may receive so great and lasting an advantage from your Majesty’s parting with so great a branch of your reveuue towards the tetter provision for the Clergy not sufficiently provided for; and to the intent your Majesty’s singular zeal for the support of the Clergy and the honour interest and future security of the Church, as by law established, may be perpetuated to all ages, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may oe. enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and the consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it tdialland may be lawful for the Queen's most excellent Majesty, by her letters patents under the great seal of England, to incorporate such persons as her Majesty shall therein nomi-successors, their First-fruits and Tenths, for augmentation of the maintenance of the

Dig

The Ctueen may erect a Corporation, and settle on them and their meaner Clergy.

Class!!.] Statutes re to the Clergyi

nate or appoint to [be one body politick and corporate, to have a common seal and perpetual succession: and also at her Majesty's will and pleasure, by the same or any other letters patents, to grant limit or settle to or upon the said corporation and their succesors for ever, all the revenue of first-fruits and yearly perpetual tenths of all dignities offices benefices and promotions spiritual whatsoever, to be applied and disposed of to and for the augmentation of the maintenance of such Parsons Vicars Curates an.d Ministers officiating in any church or chapel within the kingdom of England dominion of Wales and town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, where the Liturgy and Rites of the Church of England, as now by law established, are or shall be used and observed, with such lawful powers authorities directions limitations and appointments, and under such rules and restrictions and in such manner and form as shall be therein expressed; the Statute made in the first year of her said Majesty's reign, intituled, An Act for the better Support of her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, or any other law to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always and it is hereby declared, That all and every the Statutes and Provisions touching or concerning the ordering levying and true answering and payment or qualification of the said first-fruits and tenths, or touching the charge discharge or alteration of them or any of them, or any matter or thing relating thereunto, which were in force at the time of making this Act, shall be remain and continue in their full force and effect, and be observed and put in due execution according to the tenors and purports of the same and every of them, for such intents and purposes nevertheless as shall be contained or directed in of by the said letters patents.

III. Provided also, That this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend to avoid or any way to impeach or affect any grant exchange alienation or incumbrance at any time heretofore made of or upon the said revenues of first-fruits and tenths, or any part thereof; but that the same shall, during the continuance of such grant exchange alienation or incumbrance respectively, be and remain of and in such force and virtue, and no other, to all intents and purposes as if this Act had not been made.

IV. And for the encouragement of such well-disposed persons as shall by her Majesty's Royal example be moved to contribute to so pious and charitable a purpose, and that such their charity may be rightly applied; Be it enacteil by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons having in his or their own right any estate or interest in possession reversion or contingency of or in any lands tenements or heredity ments, or any property of or in any goods or chattels, shall have full power licence and authority at his her and their will and pleasure, by deed inrolled, in such manner and within such time as is directed by the statute made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of King Henry the

Eighth for inrolment of bargains and sales, or by his her or their last will or testament in writing duly executed according to law, to give and grant to and vest in the said corporation, and their successors, all such his her or their estate interest or property in such lands tenements and hereditaments goods and chattels, or any part or parts thereof, for and towards the augmentation of the maintenance of such Ministers as aforesaid, officiating in such Church or Chapel where the Liturgy and rites of the said Church are or shall be so used or observed as aforesaid, and having no settled competent provision belonging to the same, and to be for that purpose applied, according to the will of the said benefactor in, and by such deed inrolled or by such will or testament executed as aforesaid, expressed; and in default of such direction limitation or appointment in such manner as by her Majesty's letters patents shall be directed and appointed as aforesaid: and such corporation and their successors shall have full capacity and ability to purchase receive take hold and enjoy for the purposes aforesaid, as.well from such persons as shall be so charit-bly disposed to give the same, as from all other persons as shall be willing to sell or aliene to the said corporation any manors tancla tenements

6ft

No. XVI.

2 & 3 Anne, c. 11.

1 Aon, st. 1* cl 7.

All Statutes, &c. relating to the First-fruits and Tenths to continue ip force.

Act not tofcVcM any grant, &c. heretofore made of any the said Revenues.

27H.VII. c.lfi. Persons may give lands tenements or goods &c. to the said Corporations

or sell or silent any manor* lands ft *

64 Statute* relating to the Clergy* [Part I.

No. XVL goods or chattels, without any licence or writ of Ad quod Damnum; the

o o, o Statute of Mortmain or any other statute or law to the contrary not2 ot 3 Anne, withstan(lin?<

* V. Provided always, That this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to enable any person or persons being within age or of except- Nonsane memory, or women covert, without their husbands, to make any ed from making such gift grant or alienation; any thing in this Act contained to the iUC" * contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas four Bonds for four half yearly payments of the first-fruits as the same are rated, and also a fifth Bond fora further value or payment in respect of the same first-fruits, have been required

4 and taken from the Clergy to their great and unnecessary burden and grievance:* For remedy thereof be it enacted and declared by the On tvMvl i authority aforesaid, That from and after'the twenty-fifth day of March to betak fear *n l^c ^car our ^°r(^one thousand seven hundred and four, one Bond the four oar- onty shall in such case be given or required for the four payments of the menu of the said first-fruits: Which said fiist-fruits, as well as the tenths payable by First-fruits. the Clergy, shall hereafter be answered and paid by them according to such rates and proportions only as the same have heretofore been usually rated and paid: And no such fifth Bond already given, shall from and after the said twenty-fifth day of March in the year one thousand seven hundred and four, be sued or recovered.

[No. XVII.] 7 Anne, c. 18.—An Act to preserve the Rights of Patrons to Advowsons. [1 G. 2. 23. § 6. Ir.]

7 Anne, c. 18.1 TFORASMUCH as the pleading in a Quart Impedit is found very dif-9’‘1 ficult, whereby many patrons are either defeated of their rights of

4 presentation or put to great charge and trouble to recover their right which is occasioned by the law as it now isFor remedy whereof be it enacted by the Queen's most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons . in Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no AaU&nkce1 UfturPat'on> upon any avoidance in any church vicarage or other ecclesias-the esuu of the tical promotion, shall displace the estate or interest of any person entitled Patron but he *° dvowson or patronage thereof, or turn it to a right, but he or may maintain a she that would have had a right, if no usurpation had been, may pre-quire impedit. sent or maintain his or her Quart Impedit upon the next or any other If Gnarcenen avo^ance *f disturbed, notwithstanding such usurpation; and if cloparce-&c.besetzed of ners or J°*nt tenante>or tenants in common, be seized of any estate of an Advowaon inheritance in the advowson of any church or vicarage or other eccle-&c. and a pani- siastical promotion, and a partition is or shall be made between them tioniamadeto to present by turns, that thereupon everyone shall be taken and ad-present by judged to be seized of his or her separate part of the advowson, to preturns, each shall sent in his or her turn; as if there be two, and they make such partition, be nixed of a each shall be said to be seized, the one of the one moiety to present in separate estate the first 1 urn, the other of the other moiety to present in the second to present ac- turn; in like manner if there be three, four or more, every one ^iall be said to be seized of his or her part, and to present in his or her turn.

£. [No. XVIII.] .12 Anne, st. 2. c. 12.—An Act for the

better Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England, an* for presenting any (£ccle*<adttcal Pertfon* from buying ti)e neyt Sboittance of any Cijurd) preferment.

Penalty of tak- Sect. 1. repealed by 57 G. 3. c. 99, infra.

ing for any sum II. And whereas some of the Clergy have procured preferments for of money, &c. 4 themselves by buying ecclesiastical livings and others have been the next avoid* 4 thereby discouraged :* Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ancev dec, That if any person from and after the twenty ninth day of September one

31 El. c. 6. thousand seven hundred and fourteen shall or do for any sum of money

i if rewwr^ 8^ pro* or advaqtage, directly or indircotlyt ur for of by rca»9n li c. la

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy. 65

of any promise agreement grant bond covenant or other assurance, of or No. XVIII. for any sum of money reward gift profit or benefit whatsoever, directly or . Q .

indirectly, in his own name, or in the name of any other person or per- Anne, sons, take procure or accept the next avoidance of or presentation to any c* benefice, with cure of souls dignity prebend or living ecclesiastical, and shall be presented or collated thereupon, (1) that men every such presentation or collation and every, admission institution investiture and induction upon the same, shall be utterly void frustrate and of no effect in law, and such agreement shall be deemed and taken to be a simoniacal contract; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Queen’s Majesty, her heirs and successors, to present or collate unto, or give or bestow every such benefice dignity prebend and living ecclesiastical, for that one time or turn only: and the jierson so corruptly taking procuring or accepting any such benefice dignity prebend or living, snail thereupon and from thenceforth be adjudged a disabled person inlaw, to have and enjoy the same benefice dignity prebend or living ecclesiastical, and shall also be subject to any punishment pain or penalty, limited prescribed or inflicted by the laws ecclesiastical, in like manner as if such corrupt agreement had been made after such benefice dignity prebend or living ecclesiastical had become vacant; any law or statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

(1) This Statute is understood u only prohibiting Clergymen from purchasing Livings for themselves. Bum Ec. L, Simomy.

[No. XIX.] 12 Anne, st. 2. c. 14.—An Act for rendering

more Effectual an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of King Jambs the First, intituled, An Act to prevent and avoid Dangers which may grow by Popish Recusants; and also of one other Act made in the first Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mart, intituled, An Act to vest in the two Universities the Presentations of Benefices belonging to Papists; and for vesting in the Lords of Justiciary,

Power to inflict the same Punishments against Jesuits Priests and other trafficking Papists, which the Privy Council of Scotland was impowered to do by an Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland intituled, An Act for preventing the Growth of Popery.

FORASMUCH as by an act of Parliament made in the third year 12 Anne, c. 14. A of the reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act to prevent 3 jac c# axd avoid Dangers which may grow by Popish Recusants, and also one other act made in the first year of the reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act to vest in the two 1 W. &M. Universities the Presentations of Benefices belonging to Papists, the pre- scss* c* sentation nomination collation and donation of and to benefices prebends or ecclesiastical livings, schools hospitals and donatives belonging to Popish recusants ana other persons thereby disabled to present collate or nominate, are given to the two Universities:but they are so given only where such persons are and stand convicted by such wars and means as in the said recited acts are mentioned and provided:which acts do nevertheless prove ineffectual for such purposes, by reason such patrons are not convicted, or not in such manner as the said acts do direct and appoint; Therefore, for making the said laws more effectual, and for the speedier and easier vesting the presentations to such benefices in the two Universities, according to the intention of the said laws/ Be it enacted by the Queen’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lord's Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the autho-VOL I. F " Vj

4

And the two Universities hall have the Presentation, &c* in the reStatutes relating to the Clergy• [Part I.

rity of the same, That every Papist or person making profession of the Popish religion, and every child, not being a Protestant, under the age of one and twenty years, of every such Papist or person professing the Popish religion, and every mortgagee trustee or person any ways intrusted, directly or indirectly, mediately or immediately, by or for any Papists, &c. dis- such Papist or person making profession of the Popish religion, or such abled to present child as aforesaid, whether such trust be declared by writing or not, to any benefice, shall, from and after the tenth day of July, which shall be in the year ?c* _ of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, be disabled, and

25 Car II. 2 *s hereby made incapable to present collate or nominate to any benefice car. 11. c. z. prebend or ecclesiastical living, school hospital or donative, or to grant any avoidance of any benefice prebend or ecclesiastical living; and that every such presentation collation nomination and grant, and every admission institution and induction to be made thereupon, shall be utterly void and of no effect, to all intents constructions and purposes whatsoever: and that in every such case the Chancellor and Scholars of the University of Oxford, and the Chancellor and Scholars of the University of Cambridge, by what name or names soever they or either of them are incorporated, shall respectively have the presentation nomination collation a and donation, of and to every such benefice prebend or ecclesiastical tie* &c iTn* living} school hospital and donative, set lying and being in the respective tioned in 3Jac.L counties cities and other places and limits in the said act of the third c# 5# - year of King James mentioned, as in and by the said act is directed

and appointed in the case of a Popish Recusant Convict.

When tny pre- If* And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from mentation u and after the said tenth day of July, when and as often as any presentabrought to any tion to any Benefice or Ecclesiastical Living shall be brought to any

Archbishop, Archbishop Bishop or other Ordinary, from any person who shall be

etc. he may reputed to be, or whom such Archbishop, Bishop, or other Ordinary, shall

tender to the have cause to suspect to be a Papist, or Trustee of any person making

P*011* if profession of the Popish Religion, or suspected to be such, it shall and

aent, the Decla- may be lawful to and for such Archbishop, Bishop, or other Ordinary, ration in 25 an(f he is hereby required to tender or administer to every such person, if ar. i. c. 2. present, the Declaration against Transubstantiation, setdo wn and expressed

m an Act of Parliament made in the five and twentieth year of the reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled .4* Act for preventing Danger* which may happen from Popish Recusantt, to be by such person made, repeated, and subscribed; and in case such person snail be absent, the said Archbishop Bishop or other Ordinary shall, by notice in writing to be left at the place of habitation of such person, appoint some convenient time and place when and where such person shall appear before such Archbishop Bishop or other Ordinary, or, some persons to be authorized by such Archbishop Bishop or other Ordinary, by commission under his or their Seal of Office; and upon such appearance the said Archbishop Bishop or other Ordinary, or such Commissioners, shall tender or administer the said Declaration to the person making such presentation; and in case such person shall neglect or refuse to make repeat and subscribe such Declaration, when the same shall be so daration, or to tendered as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to appear before such appear, the Pre- Archbishop Bishop or other Ordinary, or such Commissioners, upon Bcntation shall such notice as aforesaid, That then such presentation shall be utterly be void: void and of none effect; and in every such case, such Archbishop Bishop

And the Arch- or other Ordinary shall within ten days next after such neglect or refusal, bishop, etc. send and give a certificate under his or their seal of office of such neglect *h*Jj C<£i^i or re^U8a^to Vice-Chancellor for the time being, of that University such refusal to to whom such presentation would of right belong, if such person so Present^ng had been a Popish Recusant Convict; and it shall and may be w ° "*" lawful to and for the Chancellor and Scholars of such University to

present a person qualified according to the said Acts, to such Benefice or Ecclesiastical Living; and the presentation to such Benefice or Ecclesias-. tical Living, for that turn only, is hereby given unto, and vested in them for that purpose; any matter clause or thing contained in either of the said former recited Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. I

If absent, summon him to appear.

Refusing to make the Dewho shall present, etc.

Class II.] Statute* relating to tie-Clergy. 67

III. And for the better discovery of all secret trusts and fraudulent conveyances made by Papists or persons making profession of the Popish Religion, ot their aavowsons aim right of presentation nomination and donation to any Benefices or Ecclesiastical Livings; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when the presentation of any person presented to any Benefice or Ecclesiastical Living shall be brought to any Archbishop Bishop or other Ordinary, the said Archbishop Bishop or Ordinary is hereby required, before he give institution, to examine the person presented upon oath, whether to the best and utmost of his knowledge and belief, die person or persons who have made such presentation be use true and real patron or patrons of the said Benefice or Ecclesiastical Living, or made the said presentation in his, or her, or their own right, or whether such person or persons so presenting be not, mediately or immediately, directly or indirectly, Trustee or Trustees, or any way intrusted for some other, and what person or persons by name, who is or are Papists, or make profession of the Popish Religion, or the children of such, or for any other and what person or persons, or what he knows has heard or believes touching or concerning the same; end if such person or persons so presented shall refuse to oe so examined, or shall not answer directly thereto, then and in every such case such presentation shall be void.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Chancellor and Scholars of the respective Universities, to whom the presentation to such Benefices and Ecclesiastical Livings should belong, in case the rightful patrons had been Popish Recusants convict, and their Presentees or Clerks, for the better discovery of such secret and fraudulent tmsts had done made and created by or for such Papists or persons professing the Popish Religion, and their children, as aforesaid, to exhibit their bill in any Court of Equity against such person or persons presenting, and such person or persons as they have reason to believe to be the Cestui que Trust of the Aavowson of such Benefice or Ecclesiastical Living, or any other person who they have cause to suspect may be able to make any other or further discovery of such secret Trusts and Practices; to which Bill the Defendants therein named, being duly served with the process of the Court in which the said Bill shall be exhibited, shall forthwith directly answer to the facts charged and inquired in the said Bill, at the discretion of the Court where such Bill shall be exhibited; and in case the Defendants, or any of them, shall refuse or neglect to answer the said Bill in such reasonable time as shall befor that purpose allowed and appointed by discretion of the said Court where the said cause shall be depending (the distance of place and the circumstance of the defendant or defendants considered), That then and in such case the said Bill shall be taken pro Confesso, and be allowed as evidence against such person so neglecting and refusing, and his Trustee or Trustees, and his or their Clerk: Provided that every person having folly answered such Bill in such Court of Equity, and not knowing any thing of any such Trust for a Papist or other person disabled, as aforesaid, shall be intitled to hi9 costs, to be taxed according to the course of the Court.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Court where any Quare lmpedit shall be hereafter depending, at the instance of either of the said Chancellors and Scholars, or their Clerk, being Plaintiffs or Defendants in such suit, by motion in open Court, at their discretion, to make any Rule or Order requiring satisfaction, upon the oath of such Patron and his Clerk who in the said suit shall contest the right of the said University to present to such Benefice or Ecclesiastical Living, by examination of them or either of them in open Court, or by commission under the seal of such Court for examination of them or either of them, or by affidavit, as the said Court shall find most proper, in order to the discovery of any secret Trust, Frauds or Practices, relating to the said presentation then in question: and in case it appear to the Court, upon the examination of suen Patron and Clerk, or either of them, That the said Patron is but p

F ft

No. XIX.

19 Anne, c. 14.

Bishops, etc. to examine persons presented on oath.

Refusing to be examined, the Presentation shall be void.

Univenity may exhibit Bills in Chancery for the discovery of fraudulent Trusts.

When any Quare lmpedit b depending, the Court may administer sn Oath to discover any secret Trust.

Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

some other person or persons, that then the said Patron and his Clerk, shall discover who 6uch person or persons are. and where he, she, or they live or inhabit: and upon their refusal to make sufcb discovery, or to give such satisfaction as aforesaid, they shall be punished as persons that are guilty of a contempt to the said Court; and in case such Patron or his Clerk shall discover the person for whom the said Patron is a Trustee, that then and in such case the Said Court, upon motion made in open Court, shall make a Rule or Order, That the person or persons for whom the said Patron is a Trustee, shall in the said Court or before Commissioners to be appointed for that purpose under the Seal of the said Court, make repeat and subscribe the declaration against Transubstantiation herein before mentioned, and likewise, on pain of incurring a contempt against the said Court, -give such further satisfaction upon oath, touching or relating to the said Trust, as the said Court shall think fit; and such person so required to make repeat and subscribe the said Declaration, and refusing or neglecting so to do, shall be esteemed as a Popish Recusant Convict, in respect of such presentation.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the answer of such Patron and Patrons, and the person for whom he or they are any ways intrusted, and his and their Clerk, or any of them, and his and their or any of their examinations and affidavits taken, as aforesaid, by order of any Court where such Quart Impedit shall be depending, or by any Archbishop, Bishop, or other Ordinary, or the Commissioners, as aforesaid, (which examinations shall therefore be reduced into writing, and signed by the party examined) shall be allowed as evidence against such Patron so presenting, and his Clerk.

VII. Provided always, That no such Bill, nor any discovery to be made by any answer thereunto, or to any such examination, as aforesaid, shall be made use of to subject any person making any such discovery, or not answering such Bill, to any penalty or forfeiture, other than the loss of the presentation then in question.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case of any such Bill or Bills of Discovery, as aforesaid, exhibited in any Court of Equity by the Chancellor and Scholars of either of the said Universities or their Presentee, no lapse shall incur, nor plenarty be a bar, against such Chancellor and Scholars, in respect of the Benefice or Ecclesiastical Living, touching which such Bill shall be so exhibited, till after three months from the time that the answer to such Bill shall be put in, or the same be taken pro Confesso, or the prosecution thereof deserted; provided that such Bill or Bills be exhibited before any lapse incurred.

IX. And whereas it hath been doubted whether any writ of quart

* impedit brought by the respective Universities, for any presentation

* nomination collation or donation, pursuant to the said recited Acts or

* either of them, may be brought by them, in or by the name of Chan* cellor and scholars, or ought to be by their true name of incorporation respectivelyit is hereby declared, That the said respective Chan, cellors and scholars of the said Universities are by this Act, and were by The University the said former Acts, intitled to sue any writ of quart impedit by the may sue any name of Chancellor and scholars of the University of Oxford and Chancellor and scholars of the University of Cambridge respectively, or by their respective proper names of incorporation, at their election.

X. And be it further enacted, That.in case of any trust for any Papist or person professing the Popish religion, confessed or discovered in and by any answer to such bill as aforesaid, or such examination as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Court where such discovery shall be made, and such Court is hereby enabled to inforce the producing of the deeds creating and relating to the said trusts, by such methods as they shall find proper.

XI. Provided always, that nothing herein before contained shall extend to that part of (Jreat Britain called Scotland.

XII. ‘And whereas by the determination of the late Privy Council of Scotland, the punishments contained in an Act of the Parliament of inflict the same punishment on Jesuists, Ac. c. whi$h the Privy Council of Scotland WaUmpowered to do by an Act passed in that kingdom.

The answer of such Patron, Ac. c. to be allowed as evidence.

Persons making such discovery liable only to the loss of the Presentation.

If such Bill be exhibited by the University, no lapse shall incur, Ac. c. till three months after the answer put in, Ac. c.

Writ of Quare Impedit, Ac. c.

The Court may infbrce the producing of Deeds relating to Trusts.

Not to extend to Scotland.

The Lords of Justiciary may

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy.

4 Scotland, passed in the eighth session of the first Parliament of King 4XXWilliam, intituled, An Act for preventing the growth of Popery, cannot ‘be fully put in execution against Jesuits Priests and other trafficking Papists, who disguise and shelter themselves under borrowed names, to avoid the penalty of the law it is therefore hereby enacted, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the Lords of her Majesty’s Justiciary in Scotland be hereby impowered to indict the same punishments against Jesuits Priests and other tafficking Papists which the Privy Council of Scotland was impowered to do by the aforesaid Act of Parliament.

[No. XX.] 1 Geo. I. St, 2. c. 10.—An Act for making

more effectual her late Majesty’s gracious Intentions for augmenting the Maintenance of the poor Clergy.

4 J. TJLfllEREAS it is necessary for the governors of the bounty of 1 Geo. I. c. 10. T Queen Anne for the augmentation of the maintenance of 2 Ann c. 11.

the poor Clergy, in order to the more regular making proper augmen- 5 Ann. c. 24.

tations, to be informed as exactly as may be of the clear improved 7 Ann. c. 27.

yearly value of the maintenance of all such Parsons Vicars Curates *^nd Ministers officiating in any church or chapel within that part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, where the liturgy and rites of the church of England, as now by law established, are or shall be used and observed,

4 whose maintenance is intended to be augmented* Be it enacted by the The Bishops

King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the shall inform

Lord’s spiritual and temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament themselves of

assembled, and by the authority of the same, that the respective Bishops the yearly value

of every diocese and the guardians of the spiritualities sede vacante, shall of eve, 7

be and are hereby impowered and required from time to time as they *ce> ^c *

shall see occasion, and as may best serve the purposes of the* said bounty

to the poor Clergy, as well by the oath of two or more credible witnesses

(which they, or others commissioned by them under their hands and

seals, are hereby impowered to administer) as by all other lawful ways and

means, to inform themselves of the clear improved yearly value of every

benefice with cure of souls living and curacy, and of the true and clear

improved yearly value of the maintenance of every Parson Vicar Curate

and Minister officiating in any such churches or chapels as aforesaid,

within their several dioceses, or within any peculiars or places of

exempt jurisdiction within the bounds and limits of their respective

dioceses, or adjoining and contiguous thereunto, although llic same be

exempt from the jurisdiction of any Bishop in other cases, and how

such yearly values arise, with the other circumstances thereof, and the

same or such of them whereof they shall have fully informed themselves,

from time to time, with all convenient speed, to certify under their re- and cert, fy th *

spective hands and seals or seals of their respective offices, to the said gover- "me to the

nors of foe bounty of Queen Anne, for the augmentation of the main- Lr0Vcrn0rs *

tenance of the poor Clergy, for their better information in the premisses.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Certificates re-where by certificates duly returned into her Majesty’s Court of Exchequer turned into the at Westminister, pursuant to an Act made in the Parliament held in the Exchequer by 5 fifth year of the reign of her said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for dis- A’ c- 24» and charging small Livings from their first-fruits and Tenths% and all Arrears 6 A"n- c* 27.* thereof, and one other Act made in the sixth year of the reign of her said late 8{Jall a*ccrta, n Majesty intituled, An Act to enlarge the Time for returning the Certificates Living* ° of all Ecclesiastical Livings, not exceeding the yearly Value of fifty founds: C]^eediiL 59/ As also for discharging all Livings of that Value froqi the payment of First- r Anu. fruits; and for allowing time to Archbishops and Bishops, and other Digni- P taries for Payment of their First-fruits; or either of them, or made good by this Act, the yearly value of any livings, not exceeding the clear yearly value of fifty poupds, are particularly and duly expressed and specified,

# Provisions of a similar nature are made by tht Irish Statute, 10 GebPlr

All Rules, Methods, Ac. c. agreed on by the Governors, and proposed to his Majesty, and approved under his Sign Manuel, shall be valid.

Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

such certificates shall ascertain the yearly values of such livings, in order to their being augmented by the said Governors, and no hew or different valuation thereof shall be returned to the said Governors by virtue of this present Act.

III. And whereas by her late Majesty's letters patent under her great

* seal bearing date the third day of November in the third year of her reign,

4 incorporating the Governors of the bounty of Queen Ahne, for the aug* mentation of the maintenance of the poor Clergy, the said Governors were authorized to consider consult advise agree upon draw up prepare and propose in writing to her said Majesty her heirs and successors, such proper and necessary rales methods directions orders ami constitutions as the said Governors, or any seven or more of them,

4 with such quorum as is therein directed, should in their discretions judge most convenient to be observed, for and towards the better rate and government of the said corporation and the members thereof, and the

4 receiving accounting for and managing all and every the revenues . 4 thereby granted, or mentioned to be granted, and all arrears thereof, and also for and concerning the distributing paying and disposing of the same, and all other gifts and benevolences that should or might be given or bequeathed to the said corporation for the charitable ends in the said letters patent mentioned, for the augmentation of the maintenance of. 4 the poor Clergy aforesaid; and such rales methods orders directions and constitutions as should be so proposed, and should be approved altered or amended by her said late Majesty, her heirs or successors,

4 and such as should be made by her said Majesty her heirs and sue- cessore, and 'so signified and declared by her her heirs or successors,

4 under her or their great seal, her said late Majesty thereby willed should be the rales methods directions orders ana constitutions by which the Governors of the bounty of Queen Anne, for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor Clergy and their successors, should receive,

4 manage govern apply and dispose her said late Majesty's royal bounty,

4 and other gifts and benevolences which should or might after that time be given or bequeathed to the said corporation (where the donors thereof should not particularly direct the application thereof) to and for the increase of the maintenance of such Parsons Vicars Curates and Mi-4 nistere officiating in any church or chapel within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or town of jBerwick-upon Ttceed, where the ' liturgy and rites of the church of England, as then by law established,

4 were and should be used and observed, for whom a maintenance was not then sufficiently provided: and whereas pursuant to the said letters patent of incorporation, the said Governors aid agree upon prepare and propose to her said late Majesty, certain rules and constitutions for the better rule and government of the said corporation, and her said late Majesty, by letters patent under her great seal bearing date the fifth day of March, in the twelfth year of her reign, did establish the said rales and constitutions, reserving to herself her heirs and successors power, from time to time, under her or their great seal, to alter the same, and to give and make in like manner such other rules and consti- tut ions according to the true intention of the said letters patent of incorporation, as to her said Majesty, her heirs or successors, should seem meet: and whereas a more expeditious and easy method of making and altering the rules and constitutions, for the better rule and government of the said corporation, may tend to the advancement of the said cha- ritybe it enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That all such rules methods orders directions and constitutions, as shall from time to time be by the said Governors agreed upon prepared and proposed to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the true intention of the said letters patent of incorporation, and by his Majesty his heirs and successors approved under his or their sign manual, shall be as good valid and effectual rules methods directions orders and constitutions, for the purposes aforesaid, as if the same were made or established under the great seal, of his Majesty, his heirs or succcsors.

IV. And whereas he* said late Majesty’s royal boun^ to the poor

Class UJ Statutes relating to the Clergy.

4 Clergy was intended to extend, not only to Parsons and Vicars who

* come in by presentation or collation, institution and induction, but like* wise to such Ministers who cone in by donation, or are only stipendiary Preachers or Curates, officiating in any church or chapel where the litur-*gy and rites of the church of England is now by law established, are and shall be used and observed, most of which are not corporations, nor have a legal succession, and therefore are incapable of taking a grant or conveyance of such perpetual augmentation as is agreeable to Her said late Majesty's gracious intentions, ana in many places it would be in the power of the Impropriator Donor Parson or Vicar to withdraw the allowance

* now or heretofore paid to the Curate or Minister serving cure, or in

4 case of a cbapelry the incumbent of the mother-church might refuse

* to employ a Curate or permit a Minister duly nominated or licensed

4 to officiate in such augmented chapel, and might officiate there himself and take the benefit of the augmentation, though his living be above the value of those which are intended to be first augmented: and the maintenance of the Curate or Minister would thus be sunk instead of being augmented be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, All augmented That all such churches curacies or chapels which shall at any time 9 etc>

hereafter be augmented (1) by the Governors of the bounty of Queen "Jr ST6"

Am for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor Clergy, shall tual Denetlcet» be, and are hereby declared and established to be, from the time of

such augmentations, perpetual cures and benefices, and the Ministers duly nominated and licensed thereunto and their successors respectively,

shall be and be esteemed in law, bodies politick and corporate, and shall 10(1 have perpetual succession by such name and names as in the grant of p . such augmentation shall be mentioned, and shall have a legal capacity 00(11 0 nc’and are hereby enabled to take in perpetuity to them and their successors, and shall be all such lands tenements tithes and hereditaments as shall be granted fn"bled to take unto or purchased for them respectively by the said Governors of the m feTrpet.u, ty bounty of Queen Avne for the augmentation of the maintenance of the 8Uch Land>etc* poor Clergy, or, other persons contributing with the said Governors as benefactors; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding: and Impropriations, that the impropriators or patrons of any augmented churches or dona- etc. of aug-tives for the time being, ana their heirs, and the Rectors and Vicars of the mented mother churches whereto any such augmented curacy or chapel doth Churchea, etc. appertain, and their successors, shall be and are hereby utterly excluded Ind from having or receiving, directly or indirectly, any profit or benefit by 5C' such augmentation, and shall from time to time, and at all times from and after such augmentation, pay and allow to the Ministers officiating from Benefit in any such augmented church and chapel respectively, such annual and guch other pensions salaries and allowances which by ancient custom, or mentation6 and otherwise of right and not of bounty, ought to be by them respectively shall allow the paid and allowed, and which they might by due course of law before usual Pensions, the making of this Act have been compelled to pay or allow to the re- etc. to the Mi-spective Ministers officiating there, and such other yearly sum or allow- nister offici-ance as shall be agreed upon (if any shall be) between the said Govern- ating. ora and such patron or impropriator, upon making the augmentation, and the same are and shall be hereby perfectly vested in the Ministers officiating in such augmented church or chapel respectively, and their respective successors.

V. Provided always, That no such Rector or Vicar of such mother No Rectors, church, or any other ecclesiastical person or persons having cure of «tc. of Mother souls within the parish or place where such augmentated church or Churches to be chapel shall be situate, or his or their successors, shall hereby be di- discharged from vested or discharged from the same: but the cure of souls, with all other Cure of Sou" *

(!) Proof of a curacy augmented is made by shewing an order for the augmentation of it, entered in a book, and signed by the Governors of Queen Anne’s bounty, according tost. 1. Geo.1. st. 2. c. 10. s. 20* y without going on to prove that the money was afterwards Uid out in land.

and allotted by deed under the corporation seal of the Governors to be annexed to the Curacy, and that such deed was enrolled within six months after its execution, according to that statute *. 21, and 9 Geo. 2. c. 36. Doe, d. Graham, v, Scott, 11 E»t. 47.

Augmented Cures remain* i ng void six Months, shall lapse to the Bishop, etc.

All agreements with Benefactors touching the Patronage of augmented Cures, shall be good in Law;

and the Advowson, etc. shall be vested in such Bcue factors.

Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

parochial rights and duties, (such augmentation and allowances to the augmented church or chapel, as aforesaid, only excepted) shall hereafter be and remain in the same state plight and manner as before the making of lliis Act, and as if this Act had not been made.

VI. And for continuing the succession in such augmented Cures,

hereby made perpetual cures and benefices, and that the same may 1 be duly and constantly served Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case such augmented Cures be suffered to remain void by the space of six months, without any nomination within that time of a fit person to serve the same (by the person or persons having the right of nomination thereunto) to the Bishop or other Ordinary within that time, to be licensed for that purpose, the same shall lapse to the Bishop or other Ordinary, and from him to the Metropolitan, and from the Metropolitan to the Crown, according to the course of law used in cases of presentative livings and benefices, and the right of nomination to such augmented cure may be granted or recovered, and the incumbency thereof may and shall cease and be determined in like manner, and by the like methods, as the presentation to or incumbency in any vicarage presentative may be now respectively granted recovered or determined.

VII. Provided always, That in case the person or persons entitled to nominate in such augmented cure shall suffer lapse to incur, but shall nominate before ally advantage taken thereof by the Ordinary Metropolitan or Crown respectively, tn&t such nomination shall be as effectual as if made within six months, although so much time be before elapsed, aa that the title of lapse be vested in the Crown.

1 VIII. And inasmuch as by the said rules established by her said late Majesty under her Great Seal, for the management of the afore* said Royal Bounty, her said late Majesty was pleased to manifest hex gracious intentions to invite private contributions towards augmenting the maintenance of the poor Clergy, by ordering amongst other

* things, That to encourage benefactions from others and thereby the

* sooner to complete the good that was intended by her said late Majesty’s bounty, the said Governors may give the sum of twa hundred 1 pounds (which is the stated sum allowed to each Cure which shall be augmented) to Cures not exceeding thirty^five pounds per annum,

* where any person or persons will give the same or greater sum or 1 value in lands or tithes: And in as much as the right of presentation 1 or nomination to small livings is of inconsiderable value, and yet it may be a great inducement to such benefactions if the benefactors may have some right of presentation or nomination to the Cure which

* himself contributes to augment; ’ Be it therefore further enacted, 'That all agreements which such benefactor or benefactors, with the consent and approbation of the said Governors, touching the patronage or right of presentation or nomination to any such augmented Cure, made or to be made for the benefit of such benefactor and benefactors, his her or their heirs or successors, by the Kingts most excellent Majesty, his heirs and successors, under his and their Sign Manual, or by any bodies politick or corporate, or by* any person or persons being of the full age of twenty-one years, having an estate of inheritance either in fee-simple or fee-tail, in their own right, or in the right of their churches or wives, or jointly with their wives, made before coverture or after, or having an estate for life, or for years determinable upon his and their own life and lives, with remainder in fee-simple or fee-tail to any issue of his or their own bodies in such patronage, or right of presentation or nomination in possession reversion or remainder, snail be respectively good and effectual in the law against his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or against all and every such bodies politick and corporate, or against the persons so agreeing, their wives heirs gnd successors respectively, and every of them, ana against all and every their issue, and against evety other person and persons claiming in remainder and reversion after such estate-tail as aforesaid, according to the form of such agreement; and the advowson patronage and right of presentation and nomination to such augmented churches and chapels shall be vested in such^ benefactors.

iC

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy. 73

their heirs and successors) as against his Majesty, his heirs and succes- No. XX/

sore, or the said bodies politic and corporate, and their successors, cr the, p '

said respective persons as aforesaid, as fully and in like manner and 1 <J, ea *

form as if the same had been granted by his said Majesty, his heirs or c* successors, under his and their great seal, and as if such bodies politic or corporate had been free from any restraint, and as if such other persons so agreeing had been sole seized in his and their own right of such advowson patronage right of presentation and nomination in fee-simple, and had granted the same to such benefactors, their heirs and successors respectively, according to such agreements.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the agreements of guardians for Agreements of and on behalf of infants or idiots under their guardianships, shall be as Guardians shall good and effectual to all intents and purposes as if the said infants or bind Infants, idiots had been of full age and of sound mind, and had themselves etc. entered into such agreements.

X. Provided always, That in case of any such agreement as aforesaid, by any Parson or Vicar, the same shall be with the consent and approbation of his patron and ordinary.

XI. Provided also, .That in case of any such agreement as aforesaid, made by any person seized in right of his wife the wife shall be a party to the agreement, and shall seal and execute the same

XII. And in as much as suoh benefactors are to oe considered in Such agreesome degree as founders and patrons of churches* Be it further ments shall be enacted, That such agreements so made as aforesaid, shall be as effec- effectual for tual for the supplying Cures vacant at the time of such augmentation supplying remade or proposed, as for the advowson or nomination to future vacancies. 09X11 Cures.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it The Estate shall and may be lawful, with the concurrence of the said Governors of settled for Aug-the bounty of Queen Anne for the augmentation of the maintenance of mentation may the poor Clergy, and the Incumbent Patron and Ordinary of any aog- be exchanged, mented Living or Cure, to exchange all or any part of the estate settled

for the augmentation thereof, for any other estate in lands or tithes of equal or greater value, to be conveyed to the same uses.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all Augmented such donatives which are now exempt from all ecclesiastical jurisdiction, Donatives to be and shall be augmented by virtue of the powers given by this Act, visited by the shall be subject to the visitation and jurisdiction of the Bishop of the Bishop. Diocese wherein such donative is, to all intents and purposes of law whatsoever.

XV. Provided always, That no Donative shall be augmented without the consent of the patron or patrons in writing, under his or their hands and seals first had and obtained.

XVI. Provided also, That where it shall fall to the lot of any donative Curacy or Chapelry, to receive an augmentation from the said bounty, according to the rules already established, or hereafter to be established, it shall and may be lawful to and for the governors of the The Governors bounty of Queen Anne for the augmentation of the maintenance of the may agree with poor Clergy, and they are hereby impowered before they make the the Patron, * etc. same augmentation, to treat and agree with the patron of any Dona- *ny Donative tive, impropriator of any Rectory impropriated without endowment of etc- an a|-any Vicarage, or Parson or Vicar of any mother church (as the case shall !°^a.nce to th* happen to be) for a perpetual yearly or other payment or allowance to Ml"uter of the Minister or Curate of such augmented Donative Curacy or Chapelry,

and his successors, to be made in all succeeding times by such Patron Im- AA>namt* propriator Parson or Vicar, and his and their heirs and successors, and for charging and subjecting the impropriate Rectory, or the Mother Church, or Vicarage therewith, and thereunto, in such manner and with such remedies as shall be thought fit; and such agreements made with the King’s most excellent Majesty, his heirs and successors, under his or their Sign Manuel, or with any bodies politic or corporate, or any other person or persons having any estate or interest in possession reversion or remainder, in any such impropriate Rectory in his or their own right, or in right of his or their churches or wives, or with the gusurdi^T^Q

Statute trelating to the Clergy.

[Paftl.

And if such Impropriator (other than the King) will not agree, the Governors may refuse such augmentation.

The Certificate for the Diocese of Chichester, remaining in the Exchequer, shall be as effectual as if it had been re* turned in due time.

And the Governors may certify into the Exchequer the Prebends under the yearly value of 50/. the 9 not named in any former Certificate.

livings not certified, which the Bishops may certify before March 25, 1716.

guardians of any person or persons having such estate or interest; or with any Parson or Vicar of any mother church, shall be as effectual to all intents and ourposes with respect to such charges, as agreements made with his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or with the same person or persons, bodies politic or corporate respectively, touching the patronage or right of presentation or nomination to the same Cures, touching which such agreements shall be respectively made; and in case such impropriator, other than the King’s Majesty, his heirs and successors, and such Parson or Vicar, will not or shall not make such agreement with the said Governors of the bounty of Queen Anne for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor Clergy; It shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governors to refuse such augmentation, and to apply the money arising from the late Queen's said bounty, which ought to have been employed therein, for augmenting some other Cure, according to the rules then in force.

4 XVII. And whereas the before-mentioned Acts of Parliament of the fifth and sixth years of tht reign of her said late Majesty, were, for the diocese of Chichester, not executed in due time, and in many dioceses not with that exact certainty of the yearly values and distinction of medieties in the certificates as regularly ought to have been; and some small prebends m cathedral churches were, by reason of their being 1 dignities, omitted in some certificates, although they have the cure of souls thereto annexed and are therefore livings with cure of souls within the words and meaning of the said Acts: for supplying the defects in the execution of the said former Acts of Parliament* Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the certificate for the diocese o Chichester, dated the twenty-fourth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eight, which was received in the Court of Exchequer at Westminter, and is now remaining there, shall be as effectual to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been sealed and returned into the said Court of Exchequer, within the times limited by the said respective Acts of Parliament in that behalf made; and also that all ana every the churches vicarages and livings, in and by the said certificate or in and by the certificates made and returned in due-time, or any of them, certified to be under fifty pounds per annum, and each mediety therein, shall be entitled to, and have the benefit of the said respective discharges by the said several Acts of Parliament, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the precise yearly value had been expressed, and the medieties distinguished in such certificate and certificates: and further, that it shall and may be lawful to* and for the said Governors of the bounty of Queen Anne for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor Clergy, under their common seal to be affixed at a court of the said Governors, and under the hands of the Governors then present, to certify into the Court of Exchequer the names of such prebends in cathedral churches, under the yearly value of fifty rounds, the prebendaries whereof have the immediate cure of souls of the respective parishes whereof such prebends are denominated, although the same were not named in any former certificate*; and such certificate and certificates of the said Governors, being returned into the said Court of Exchequer, shall be as effectual to all intents and purposes of the said two before-mentioned Acts of Parliament, a9 if the prebends therein named had been duly certified within the times in the said Acts limited, and by the persons, and in the manner therein directed.

XVIII. And whereas notwithstanding the utmost diligence of the Bishops to inform themselves of, and certify into his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, all the livings in their respective dioceses under the clear improved yearly value of fifty pounds, in pursuance of the said Acts, the several livings within the respective dioceses hereafter named, though supposed to he under the value of fifty pounds per annum, have either not been certified, or, if certified, the certificates of them have*been lost,

4 or not duly entered, or by some other mistakes it has so happened that the said livings have not yet had the benefit designed them by the] said Acts; * Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall

Class II.] Statute* relating to the Clergy. 7b

and may be lawful for the Bishops of the said diooeses, at any time beforeNo. XX. the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, , j to certify into the Court of Exchequer the livings following, or such of, them as shall appear to the respective Bishops to be under die value of

fifty pounds per annum, (viz.) in the diocese of York, the rectory of Saint Michael apua Pontem dc Ouzc in the city of York, the vicarage of Skipwdh the vicarage of Kilham, the vicarage of North-Leverton, the vicarage of Norwell Cher kail: in the diocese ofBangor, the vicarage of Lanunda, the vicarage of Llanfair Itgaer, the vicarage of Honor, the vicarage of Nevin, the vicarage of Abererch, the vicarage of Conway, the vicarage of Dwygy-fylche: in the diocese of Carlisle, the rectory of Kirkbride, the rectory of thflon, the vicarage of Edenhall; in the diocese of Chichester, the viear-age of Sela, the rectoir of Beats Marin in Westout Lewis, the rectory of Chalton, the rectory of Winchelsea, the vicarage of Bernehill: in the diocese of Saint Davids, the vicarage of Merchir alias Mathre, the vicarage of Sain* Winnock alias Saint Twinnells: in the diocese of Litchfield and Coventry, the vicarage of Hart in e ton, the vicarage of Saint Marys in Litchfield, the south meaiety of Darkish, the vicarage of Glossop: in the diocese of Lincoln, the rectory of Beliew alias Hcilow, the vicarage of Elskam, the rectory of Normanby, the rectory of Snarford, the vicarage of Buckingham, the rectory of Okeney, the vicarage of Mentmore, the vicarage of Mis-senden Magna, the vicarage of Swanburn: in the diocese of Norwich, the vicarage of Sindh Walsam, the rectory of Framlinghams, the vicarage of Burnhan^Oveiy* the .vicarage of Seaming, the vicarage of Nectons, the vicarage of Melton Parva, the rectory of Repham Medietas 4r altera Medietas, the vicarage of Thurston, die vicarage of Colkirke, the rectory of Catfields, the vicarage of Henly, the rectory of Newborn, the rectory of Culpho, the rectory of Dunwich Johannis, the rectory of Pakefields, the rectory of Melford Ltmga, the vicarage of Finborow Parva, the rectoTy of WiUinghom alias Elloughf die rectory of Bromeswell in Wilford: in the diocese of Oxford, die vicarage oi Stanton Harcourt: in the diocese of Peterborough, the vicarage of Cransley: in the diocese of Winchester, the vicarage of Shalford, ana the vicarage of EUingham: and the said livings . .

so certified, shall have die benefit of the two fore-mentioned Acts of Par- have the benefit liament as effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if they bad been duly the Acu certified within the time limited by the said Acts. of 5 Anne,

c. 24. and 6 Anne, c. 27.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the The Governors courts and committees of the [said Governors of the Bounty of Queen impowered to Anne, for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor Clergy, administer shall have power and authority, and are hereby authorized and impow- Oaths.

ered, from time to time, to administer an oath to such person and persons as snail at any time give them information, or be examined of or concerning any matter or thing relating to the execution of this or the said former Acts of Parliament, or any way concerning the trust in them reposed.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the Augmentations, augmentations? certificates agreements and exchanges hereafter to be &c-to be en-made, by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, shall be carefully exa- *«red, and the mined and entered in a book to be provided and kept by the Governors en/ries to

for that purpose, the said entries being approved at a court of the said *"""*" Governors, and attested by the Governors then present, shall be taken to be as records, and the true copies thereof, or of the said entries, being thereof eood proved by one or more credible witnesses, shall be deemed'taken and aa- evyenCe. judged to be good and sufficient evidence in law, touching the matters contained therein, or relating thereto.

XXI. And to the end that churches and chapels may at all times be capable of receiving augmentations for the maintenance of the ministers Lands, Ac. c. al-«thereofbe it enacted oy the authority aforesaid, That if the Governors lotted to any of the Bounty of Queen Anne for the augmentation of the maintenance Church, &c. by of the poor clergy, shall by any deed or instrument in writing under Deed under the their common seal, allot or apply to any church or chapel, any lands Governori’Seal, tithes or hereditaments, arising from the said bounty or her said late *n roc"

cession,

76

No. XX.

1 Geo. I. c. 10.

* uch Deed being inrolled in fix months.

Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

Majesty, or from private contribution or benefaction, or from all or any the ways aforesaid, and shall declare, that the same shall be fur ever annexed to such church or chapel, then such lands tithes and hereditaments, shall from thenceforth be held and enjoyed, and go in succession with such church and chapel for ever; and such augmentation so made shall be good and effectual, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, whether such church or chapel, for which such augmentation is intended, be then full or vacant of an incumbent or minister; provided such deed or instrument be inrolled in the High Court of Chancery within six months after the day of the date thereof. [Vide 3 Geo. I. 10.]

11 Geo. II. c. 17, Sec. 5,

12 Anne, stat. 2. c. 14.

and 1 W. and M. st, 1. c. 26.

[No. XXI.] 11 George II. c. 17*—An Act for securing

the Estates of Papists conforming to the Protestant Religion, against the Disabilities created by several Acts of Parliament relating to Papists; and, for rmttrr* tag more effectual tf)e *etoral Set* of -Parliament matte for tatting in tf)t ttoo ttnttar*ttte* in tfiat Start of ©rent Britain calUtt ffinglantt tf)e Stae*entation of Benefice* belonging to Staptet* '

V. And whereas by an Act made in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Awe, for rendering more effectual an Act made in the third year of the reign of King James the First, intituled An Act to prevent and avoid Dangers which may grow by Popish Recusants; and also one other Act made in the first year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act to vest in the two Universities the Presentations of Benefices belonging to Papists? it w*i enacted, That every Papist or person making profession of the Popish religion, and every child hot Deing a Protestant, under the age of one and twenty years, of every such Papist or person professing the Popish religion, and every mortgagee trustee or person any ways intrusted directly or indirectly mediately or immediately by or for any such Papist or person making profession of the Popish religion, or such child as aforesaid, whether such trust be declared by writing or not, should be disabled and made incapable to present collate or nominate to any benefice prebend or ecclesiastical living school hospital or donative, or to grant any avoidance of any benehce prebend or ecclesiastical living, and that every such presentation collation nomination and grant, and every admission institution and induction to be made thereupon, should be utterly void and of no effect to all intents constructions and purposes whatsoever j and that in every such case the Chancellor and scholars of the University of Oxford, and the Chancellor and scholars of the University of Cambridge, should respectively have the presentation nomination collar tion ana donation of and to every such benefice prebend or ecclesiastical living school hospital and donative, set lying and being in the respective counties cities and other places and limits in the said Act of the third year of King James mentioned, as in and by the said Act is directed and appointed in the case of a Popish recusant convict: and whereas for the better discovery of all secret trusts and fraudulent conveyances made by Papists or persons making profession of the Popish religion, of their advowsons and right of presentation nomination and donation to any benefices or ecclesiastical living, several provisions were made by the sspd Act of the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, which have been fraudulently evaded by persons obtaining from such Papists, without a full and valuable consideration, grants of such advowsons and right of presentation nomination and donation, upon confidence only, that such grantees will, at the request of such Papists, present to such benefices or ecclesiastical livings, clerks nominated by such Papists, who have been presented accordingly contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said Acts, and to the great hurt of the Protestant interest of mis kingdom; * Be it therefore enacted by the authon

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy i 77

rity aforesaid, That every grant to be made from and after the sixth day No. XXI. of May, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, of any advowson or £eo right of presentation collation nomination or donation of and to any . J

benefice prebend or ecclesiastical living school hospital or donative, and c* _, every grant or any avoidance thereof by any Papist or person making profession of the Popish religion, or any mortgagee trustee or person any Every Grant ways intrusted directly or indirectly mediately or immediately by or for madc after any such Papist or person making profession of the Popish religion, whc- 6 |738 *

ther such trust be declared by writing or not, shall be null and void, unless any Ecclesiasti-such grant shall be made bona fide, and for a full and valuable consideration f*1 Lm"* j*c* to and for a Protestant purchaser or Protestant purchasers, and merely and only for the benefit of a Protestant or Protestants; and that every such e c* 9 grantee, or person claiming under any such grant, shall be deemed to be unle« made for a trustee for a Papist or person professing the Popish religion as afore- njshuma con" said, within the true intent and meaning of the said Act; and that all 5r*"tlon to a such gran tees, or persons claiming under such grants, and their presentees, v*ftant pur' shall be compelled to make such discovery relating to such grants and CIUser»etc-presentations made thereupon, and by such methods, as in and by the said Act of the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Am he are directed m the case of trustees of Papists or persons professing the Popish religion; and that every devise to fee made from and after the said sixth day of Mop by any Papist or person professing the Popish religion, of any Every devise suen advowson or right of presentation collation nomination or donation, nude of anj or any such avoidance, with intent to secure the benefit thereof to the Ecclesiastical heirs or family of such Papist or person professing the Popish religion, *ft" shall be null and void; and that all such devisees, and persons claiming Ma?» under such devises, and their presentees, shall m the like manner, and by such methods be compelled to discover, whether to the best of their en 9

knowledge and belief such devises were not made with the said intent.

[No. XXII.] 23 Geo. II. c. 28.—An Act to explain Part of an Act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for the Uniformity of Public Prayers, and Administration of Sacraments; and also Part of an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, for the Ministers of the Church to be of sound Religion.

* TtWHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years 23 Geo. ILc.28. TT of the reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act 13 & 14 Car. II. 4 for the Uniformity of Public Prayers, and Administration of Sacraments c» 4. *ec. 6.

4 and'other Hites and* Ceremonies; and for establishing the Form of making ordaining and consecrating Bishops, Priests, and Deacons, in the Church of

* Englandit was enacted, That every person who should thereafter be presented or collated, or put into any ecclesiastical benefice or promotion, within England the dominion of Wales and town of Berwick upon Tweed, should, in the church chapel or place of public worship belonging to his said benefice or promotion, within two months next after that he shall be in the actual possession of the said ecclesiastical benefice or promotion, upon some Lord's Day, openly publicly and solemnly read the morning and evening prayers appointea to be read by and according to the Book of Common Prayer at the times thereby appointed or to be appointed: and after such reading thereof should openly and publicly, before the congregation there assembled, declare his unfeigned asseut and consent to the use of all things therein contained and prescribed, according to the form therein before appointed;

4 and that all and every such person who should (without some lawful impediment, to be allowed and approved by the ordinary of the place)

4 neglect or refuse to do the same within the time aforc&ud£(or, in case of such impediment, within one month after such impediment Removed)

78

No. XXII.

93 Ge^ II.

c. 98.

Allowance of a lawful impediment extended to the not reading the Certificate and Declaration, within the time limited.

13 Elis. c. 12.

Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Parti.

should (ipso facto) be deprived of all his said ecclesiastical benefices and promotions; and that from thenceforth it should and might be lawful to and for all patrons and donors of all and singular the said ecclesiastical benefices and promotions, or any of them, according to their

* respective rights and titles, to present or collate to the same, as though the person or persons so offending or neglecting were dead: And it was by the said Act (amongst other things) further enacted, That every Parson Vicar Curate Lecturer and every other person in holy orders should, before his or their respective admission to be incumbent or have possession of any parsonage vicarage or any curate's place or lecture, subscribe the declaration or acknowledgment therein directed, 4 before the respective Archbishop Bishop or Ordinary of the diocese; 4 upon pain that all and every of the persons aforementioned failing in suen Subscriptions, should lose and forfeit such respective parsonage vicarage curate’s place or lecture, and should be utterly disabled and 4 (ipso facto) deprived of the same; and that every such respective parsonage vicarage curate’s place or lecture, should be void, as if such person so failing were naturally dead; and that after such subscription made, every Parson Vicar Curate or Lecturer should procure a Certificate under the hand and seal of the respective Archbishop Bishop or Ordinary of the diocese (who were thereby enjoined and required upon demand to make and deliver the same,) and should publicly and openly read the same, together with the declaration or acknowledgment therein mentioned, upon some Lord’s Day within three months then

* next following, in his parish church where he was to officiate, in the presence of the congregation there assembled, in the time of divine service: upon pain that every person felling therein should lose such parsonage vicarage or benefice, curate's place or lecturer's place respectively, and should be utterly disabled, and (ipso'facto) deprived of the same; and that the said parsonage vicarage or benefice, curate’s place or lecturer’s place should be void, as if he were naturally dead:And whereas doubts have arisen, whether the allowance and approbation of any lawful impediment before-mentioned doth extend to both the said before- recited cases, or whether any Archbishop Bishop or other Ordinary hath power by the said Act to allow and approve of any lawful impediment, as to reading the said last-mentioned certificate and declaration,

* within the time limited by the said Act:’ For the obviating thereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, fHiat every allowance and approbation of any lawful impediment already given and declared, or winch shall hereafter be given and declared, in pursuance of the said Act, by any Archbishop Bishop or Ordinary, to any person for or in respect of not reading in the church chapel or place of public worship, belonging to his benefice or promotion, within two months next after that he shall be in the actual possession of the said benefice or promotion, upon some Lord’s Day, openly publicly and solemnly, the morning and evening prayers, appointed to be read by and according to the said Book of Common Prayer, and for or in respect of not openly and publicly, before the congregation there assembled, declaring his uufeigned assent and consent to the use of all things therein contained and prescribed, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to the not reading the said last-mentioned Certificate and Declaration, although the same be not mentioned in the said allowance and approbation, for the like time as the said allowance and approbation shall extend to.

4II. And whereas by an Act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Ministers of the Church to be of sound Religion; it was (amongst other things) enacted. That every person who should be admitted to a benefice with cure, except that within two months after his induction, he should publicly read the Articles therein mentioned, in the same church whereof he should have cure, in the time of Common Prayer there, with declaration of his unfeigned assent thereunto, should be upon every s^ch default (ipso facto)

Class II.] Statute* relating to the Clergy.

4 immediately deprived: And whereat it hath happened, and may hereafter happen through sickness or other lawful impediment, that divers persons have been and may be hindered from reading the said Articles, 4 and making the said Declaration, within the time directed by the said Act, and yet such person after such sickness or other lawful impediment removed, ham read and may hereafter read the said Articles, 4 and make the said Declaration; and it is reasonable that such persons should be deemed to have complied with the true intent and meaning of the said Act Be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person who hath already read, or who shall hereafter read the said Articles, and hath made or shall hereafter make the said Declaration, at the same time that he did read, or shall hereafter read, the morning and evening prayer, and declare his unfeigned assent and consent to the use of afi things therein contained anaprescribed, according to the directions of the said in part recited Act or the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Chablxs the Second, shall be and is hereby declared and adjudged to have complied with the true intent and meaning of the said Act of the thirteenth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, although the same were not, or may not be read within the space of two months after such person’s induction into any benefice with cure; and that every such person shall, and he is hereby declared to be freed and discharged from any deprivation or other forfeiture by virtue of the said Act; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That this Act shall notextend to restore any person to any parsonage vicarage or benefice, curate’s place or lecturers place, which for want of reading such Certificate and Declaration within the time directed by the said test in part recited Act, or of reading the said Articles and Declaration concerning the same, according to the said last-mentioned Act, hath been forfeited or become void, and is al« ready filled up or enjoyed by any person or persons whatsoever.

79

No. XXII.

S3 Geo. II. c. 28.

Pen oni who shall read the Articles and Declaration at the time of reading the Morning and EveningPrayer, are declared to have complied.

Limitation of this Act.

[No. XXIII.] 17 George III. c. 53.—An Act to promote Explained and

the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more speedy and effectual building, *€* rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing Houses, and other necessary Buildings^ and Tenements, for the Use of their Benefices.

4 WHEREAS many of the Parochial Clergy, for want of proper habita- 17 Geo. III.

4 T tions, are induced to reside at a distance from their benefices, by c. 53.

4 which means the Parishioners lose the advantage of their instruction and hospitality, which were great objects in the original distribution of tythes and glebes for the endowment of Churcnes :* Tor remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That Incumbent of from ana after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hun- any Living, dred and seventy-seven, whenever the Parson Vicar or other Incumbent wherein there of any ecclesiastical living, parochial benefice, chapelry or perpetual "no House, curacy, being under the jurisdiction of the Bishop or other ecclesiastical *• ordinary, whereon thereon there is no house of habitation, or such house is become so ruinous and decayed, or is so mean, that one year's net income and produce of such living will not be sufficient to build rebuild or put the same, with the necessary offices belonging thereto, in sufficient repair, shall think fit to apply for the aid ana assistance intended

• Several Provisioni for the purposes contem- c. 82. See 1 Gabbett, 333. This Act it often plated by this Act, are made by the Irish Statutes, referred to by the name of Mr. Gilbert's Act, 10 W. HI. c. 6.—12 Geo. I. c. 10.—9 Geo. II. having been brought in by that gentleman, c. 13«—U dc 12 Geo. IIL c. 17-—40 Geo. III. "

(with the consent of the Ordinary and Patron) may borrow money to build one,

80 Statutes relating to the Cletgy. [Part I.

No. XXIII. to bft given by this Act, it shall and may be lawful for every such 17 Geo. III. Parson Vicar or Incumbent (after having procured, from some skilful c 53 and experienced workman or surveyor, a Certificate containing a state

of the condition of the buildings on their respective glebes, and of the value of the timber and other materials thereupon, fit to be employed in such buildings or repairs, or to be sold, and also a plan and estimate of the work proposed to be done (such state and estimate to be verified upon oath, taken before some Justice of the Peace or Master in Chancery, ordinary or extraordinary,) and laid the same, together with a just and particular account in writing signed by him ana verified upon oath, taken as aforesaid, of the annual profits of such living, before the Ordinary and Patron of the living, and obtained their consent to such proposed new buildings or repairs, by writing under their respective hands, in the form for that purpose contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed,) to borrow and take up at interest, in the manner hereafter mentioned, such sum or sums of money as the said estimate shall amount uuto, after deducting the value of timber or other materials which may be thought proper to be sold, not exceeding two years net income and produce of such living, after deducting all rents stipends taxes and other outgoings, excepting only the salaries to the assistant curate, where such a curate is necessary; and as a security for the atul mortgage money so to be borrowed, to mortgage the glebe tythes rents and other the Glebe, &c. profits and emoluments arising or to arise from such living, to such for 25 yean. person or persons who shall advance the same, by one or more deed or deeds, for the term of twenty-five years, or until the money so to be borrowed with interest for the same, and such costs and charges as may attend the recovery thereof, shall be fully paid and satisfied, according to the terms conditions true intent and meaning of this Act; which mortgage deed or deeds shall be made in the forms or to the effect for that purpose contained in the said Schedule, and shall bind every succeeding Parson Vicar or Incumbent of such living, until the principal and interest costs and charges shall be paid off and discharged, as fully and effectually as if such successor had executed the same.

Every Mort- An<* lt ^urt^cr enacted. That every such Mortgagee shall exengee to execute 01, 16 a counterpart of every such Mortgage, to be kept by the Incumbent a counterpart of for the time being; and a copy of every such Deed of Mortgage shall be the Mortgage, registered in the Office of the Registrar of the Bishop of the Diocese to be kept by where the Parish lies, or other Ordinary having Episcopal Jurisdiction the Incumbent, therein for the time being, after having been first examined by him with Ac. c. the original; which officer shall register the same, and be intitled to

demana and receive the sum of five shillings, and no more, for such register; and every such Deed shall be referred to upon all necessary occasions, the person inspecting the same paying one shilling for every such search; and the said Deed, or a copy thereof, certified under the hand of the Registrar, shall be allowed as legal evidence, in case any such Mortgage Deed shall happen to be lost or destroyed.

Mortgagee may III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever the distrain. Principal and Interest, directed to be paid to the Mortgagee under the

several Provisions of this Act, shall be in arrear and unpaid for the space of forty days after the same shall become due, it shall and may be lawful for such Mortgagee, his Executors Administrators or Assigns, to recover the same and the costs and charges attending the recovery thereof, by distress and sale, in such manner as rents may be recovered by Landlords or Lessors from their Tenants by the laws in being.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the money so to be borrowed shall be paid into the hands of such person or persons as shall be nominated

Money bor* rowed to be

id to *uch an<* aPP°*nted to receive and apply the same for the puipuavs wuicsaiu, persons as Or- 9rc^nary Patron and Incumbent, by writing under their respective

dinary &c. shall in the form for that purpose contained in the said Schedule, after

appoint. such Nominee shall have given a Bond to the Ordinary, with sufficient

surety, in double the sum so be borrowed and raised, with condition for his duly apply ing and accounting for the same according to the directions of this Act j and the receipt of the person or persons , gpbto be nominated

i aforesaid.

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy. 81

shall be a sufficient discharge to the person or persons who shall advance No. XXIII. and pay the money: And the person or persons so to be nominated shall n ttt

enter into contracts with proper persons for such buildings or repairs as 17 shall be approved by the Ordinary Patron and Incumbent, and shall be c* specified in an instrument written upon parchment and signed by them, in the form for that purpose contained in the said Schedule; and shall in- *who shall con-spect and have the care of the execution of such contracts, and shall pay (or th the money for such buildings and repairs, according to thej terms of such Buildings, &c. agreements, and shall take proper receipts and vouchers for the same; and as soon as such buildings or repairs shall be completed and the money paid, shall make out an account of his receipts and payments, together with the vouchers for the same, and enter them in a book fairly written, which shall be signed by him, and laid before the Ordinary Patron and Incumbent, and examined by them; and when allowed by writing under their respective hands, in the form for that purpose contained in the said Schedule, such allowance shall be a full discharge to the person so nominated in respect to the said accounts; and it any How the ba-bulance shall remain in the hands of such Nominee or Nominees, the lance shall be same shall be laid out in some further lasting improvements in building disposed of. upon such glebe, or shall be paid and applied in discharge of so much of the said principal debt as such balance will extend to pay, at the discretion of the said Ordinary Patron and Incumbent, or two of them, of which the said Ordinary to be one, by order signed by them in the form for that purpose contained in the said Schedule; and an account shall also be kept made out and allowed, of such further disbursements, in manner aforesaid: All which accounts, when made out completed and allowed, shall be deposited with the vouchers in the hands of the said Registrar, and kept by him for the use and benefit of the Incumbents of of such living for the time being, who shall have a right to inspect the same whenever occasion shall require, paying to such Registrar or deputy Registrar the sum of one shilling for every such inspection.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such Ordi- Ordinary to nary, before he or they shall signify his or their consent in manner afore- caose inquiry to said, shall cause an inquiry to be made and certified to him or them by the be made of the Archdeacon Chancellor of the Diocese or other proper persons living condition of the in or near the parish where such buildings are proposed to be made or Buildings when repaired, in the forms for that purpose specified in the said Schedule, of Incumbent en-the state and condition of such buildings at the time the Incumbent terd onj.the entered upon such living or benefice, now long such Incumbent had

enjoyed such living or benefice, what money he nad received, or may be

intitled to receive, for dilapidations, and how and in what manner he had

laid out what he had so received; and if it shall appear to them that

such Incumbent had by wilful negligence suffered such buildings to go

out of repair, then to certify the same to the said Ordinary, and also the

amount of the damage which such buildings had sustained by the wilful ,

neglect of such Incumbent; and such Incumbent, if the Ordinary require

it, shall pay the same into the hands of the Nominee or Nominees to be

appointed under the authority of this Act, towards defraying the expences

of building or repairs, before the Ordinary shall give bis consent as

aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Incumbent of every such Directions for Living or Benefice, in cases where such Mortgage or Mortgages shall be payment of the made as aforesaid, and his successors for the time being, shall, and he Principal and and they is and are hereby required to pay the interest arising upon Interest of the every such Mortgage yearly, as the same snail become due, or within one Mortgages, &c. month after, and also five pounds per Centum per Annum of the principal remaining due, by yearly payments; and that every such Incumbent who

shall not reside twenty weeks in each year upon such living, computing such year from the date of the said Mortgage Deed, shall, instead of the said sum of five pounds per Centum per Annum} pay the sum of ten pounds per Centum per Annum of the principal remaining due by yearly payments, such payments to be respectively made at the same time such Interest shall be paid, until the whole Principal Money and Intcresti$H*iHO<

82

No. xxin,

17 Geo. IlL c. 53 *

Proportioning the annual payment, in case of avoidance.

The Ordinary of any Living worth 100/. per annum, which has no proper habitation, may proceed in execution of this Act, &c.

Statuteg relating to the Clergy. [Part L

be fully paid and diach&rged; and that every such Incumbent who shall pay only five pounds per Centum per Annum of such Principal Money, shall, at the tune he pays the same, produce and deliver to the Mortgagee a Certificate under me hands of two Rectors Vicars or officiating Ministers, of some Parishes near adjoining, signifying that he had resided twenty weeks upon the said living or benefice within the year for which such payment became due, according to the regulations aforesaid; which Certificate shall be in the form or to the effect contained in the [said Schedule; and that every such Incumbent shall annually, at his own expence, from the time such buildings authorised to be made by this Act shall be completed, insure at one of the Publick Offices established in London or Westminster for Insurance of Houses and Buildings the house and other buildings upon such glebe, against accidents by fire, at such sum of money as shall be agreed upon by the Ordinary Patron and Incumbent; and in default of the payment of either the Principal or Interest in manner aforesaid, or neglect of the Incumbent to make such Insurance, the Ordinary shall have power to sequester the profits of the living till such payment or Insurance shall be made.

VII. And in order that thd payment of such year may be justly

* and equitably ascertained and adjusted, between the successor and the

* Parson Vicar or Incumbent avoiding such living or benefice by 1 death or otherwise, or his representatives, in case of death or other

* avoidance, in such proportions as the profits of such living shall have

* been received by them respectively, for the year in which such death

* or avoidance shall happenbe it further enacted, That in case any difference shall arise in adjusting or settling the proportions aforesaid, the same shall be determined by two indifferent persons, the one to he named by the said successor, and the other by the person making such avoidance, or his representatives in case of his death; and in case such Nominees shall not he appointed within the space of two calendar months next after such death or avoidance, or if they cannot agree in adjusting such proportions within the space of one calendar month after they shall have been appointed, the same shall be determined by some neighbouring Clergyman, to be nominated by the Ordinary, whose determination shall be final and conclusive between the parties; which nominations and determinations shall be made according to the forms for that purpose contained in the said Schedule, as near as conveniently may be.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That where there shall be no house of habitation upon any Ecclesiastical Living or Benefice, so described as aforesaid, exceeding in clear yearly value one hundred pounds per annum, or being one the same shall be so mean or in such a state of decay as aforesaid, and the Incumbent shall not reside in the Parish twenty weeks within any year computing the same from the first day of January, it shall be lawful for the Ordinary of such living or benefice, with the consent of the Patron (in case the Incumbent shall not think fit to lay out one year’s income, where the same may be sufficient, to put the house and buildings in proper and sufficient repair, or to make such application as aforesaid for building repairing or rebuilding such Parsonage House,) to procure such plan estimate and certificate as herein directed, and at any time within the course of the succeeding year to proceed in the execution of the; several purposes of this Act, in such manner as the Parson, Vicar, or Incumbent, is hereby authorised and directed to proceed, and to make and execute such Mortgage as aforesaid; which shall be binding upon the Incumbent and his successors, and he and they shall be and are hereby made liable to the payment of the Interest Principal and Costs; and every such Incumbent and his Representatives shall be, and are hereby also made respectively liable to the proportion of the payments for the year which shall be crowing at the time of the death of such Incumbent, or avoidance of such living, according to the directions aforesaid; which said Interest Principal and Costs and proportion of payments growing at the time of the death of such Incumbent or

Avoidance, shall ana may be recovered against such (Ihfqp ^, his

Class U.] Statute* relating to the Clergy«. 83

Successors or Representatives, respectively, by action of debt in aby No. XXIII. Court of Record. *««

IX. And be it further enacted, That all sum and sums of money 17 e"‘

recovered or received, by suit or compositions, from the Representatives

of any former Incumbent of such living or benefice, and not laid out in

the repairs of such buildings, shall go and be applied in part of the Moneyreceived

payments under such estimate as aforesaid; and that all money thereafter f?r ?Plda"

to be recovered or received, in case the same cannot be had before such . u

buildings are completed and the money paid for the same, shall be l"

applied as soon as received in payment of the principal then due, as far £ujnt_

as the same will extend; or in case the said mortgage money shall have

been discharged, all such money arising from dilapidations shall be paid

into the hands of the Nominee to be appointed as aforesaid, or of some

other person or persons to he nominated by the Ordinary Patron and

Incumbent, in case such Nominee shall be aead or shall decline to act

therein, to be laid out and expended in making some additional buildings

or improvements upon the glebe of such living or benefice, to be

approved by the Ordinary Patron and Incumbent; and in the mean time,

or in case such buildings shall not be necessary, then in trust, to lay out

the same in Government or other good securities, and pay the Interest

thereof to the Incumbent for the time being.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where new Where new buildings are necessary to be provided or erected for the habitation and Buildings are residence of the Rector Vicar or other Incumbent, pursuant to the neceasa ry, Or-authority hereby given, it shaH and may be lawful for the Ordinary diuaiy, &c. may Patron and Incunmeut of every such living or benefice, to contract or purchase any to authorise, if they shall think fit, the person so to he nominated by convenient them as aforesaid, to contract for the absolute purchase of any house House, &c.

or buildings in a situation convenient for the habitation and residence of the Rector or Vicar of such living or benefice, and not at a greater distance than one mile from the church belonging to such living benefice or chapelry; and also to contract for any land adjoining or lying convenient to such house or building, or the house or building belonging to any parochial living or benefice having no glebe lying near or convenient to the same, not exceeding two acres, if the annual value of such living, to be ascertained as aforesaid, shall be less than one hundred pounds per nor two acres for every one hundred pounds per annum if of greater value, and to cause the purchase money for such house or buildings to be paid out of the money to arise under the powers and authorities of this act; in all which cases the said buildings and lands shall be conveyed to the patron of such living or benefice and his heirs, in trust for the sole use and benefit of the Rector Vicar or other Incumbent of such living or bmefice for the time being and their successors, and shall be annexed to such church or chapel, and be enjoyed and go in succession with the same for ever; but no contract so made by the nominee shall be valid, until confirmed by the Ordinary Patron and Incumbent, by writing under their hands; and every such purchase-deed shall be in the form or to the effect contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and shall be registered in such manner and in such office as the other deeds are hereby directed to be registered.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when any such land Purchase mo-lying near to the parsonage house and buildings, belonging to such living ney to be raised or benefice, or to be so purchased or exchanged as aforesaid, shall be by sale, Ac. c. thought fit to be taken and used as a convenience for the same, the pur- of part of chasc-money or equivalent for such land shall be raised and had by sale die Glebe or or exchange of some part of the glebe or tythes of such living or benefice, Tythea. which shall appear to the said Ordinary Patron and Incumbent most convenient for that purpose; and every such sale or exchange shall be by

Deed in the form or to the effect contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and registered as herein-before directed.

XII. And belt further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Governors of the Governors authorised or appointed to regulate and superintend the Queen Anne *

Bounty imp<^eVeaV<£Hlnd, &c.

G

84

No. XXIII.

17 Geo. III. c. 53.

Statutes relating to the Clergy.

[Part I.

Colleges, Ac. c. may lend any Sum without Interest.

Who ia to act for any Patron who shall be a Minor, Ac. c.

Wntinga not liable to Stamp-duty.

Proviso, when Ordinary aBody Corporate, Ac. c.

Consent of Rector, Ac. c.

Disputes touch> ing Residence, <*c.

Patron, Ac. c. to make allowance for applying the money, Ac. c.

bounty given by .her late Majesty Queen Amxb for the augmentation o the maintenance of the poor Clergy, to advance and lend any sum or sums of money, not exceeding tire sum of one hundred pounds, in respect of each living or benefice out of the money which has arisen, or shall from time to time arise, from that bounty, for promoting and assisting the several purposes of this Act with respect to any such livings or benefices as shall not exceed the clear annual improved value of fifty pounds; and such mortgage and security shall be made for the repayment of the principal sums so to be advanced as are herein-before mentioned, but no interest shall be paid for the same; and in cases where the annual value of such living or benefice shall exceed the sum of fifty pounds, that it shall and may be lawful for the said Governors to advance and lend for the purposes of this Act, any sum not exceeding two years' income of such living or benefice upon such mortgage and security as aforesaid, and subject to the several regulations of this Act, and to receive interest for the same not exceding four pounds for one hundred pounds by the year.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any College or Hall, within the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or for any other corporate bodies possessed of the patronage ot Ecclesiastical livings or benefices, to advance and lend any sum or sums of money, of which they have the power of disposing, in order to aid and assist the several purposes of this Act, for the building rebuilding repairing or purchasing of any houses or buildings for the habitation and convenience of the Clergy, upon livings or benefices under the patronage of such College or Hall, upon the mortgage and security directed by this Act for the repayment of the principal, without taking any interest for the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Patron of any living or benefice, to which the provisions of this Act are proposed to be extended, shall happen to be a minor idiot lunatick or feme-covert, it shall and may be lawful for the guardian committee or husband of every such Patron, to transact the several matters aforesaid for such Patron, who shall be bound thereby in such manner as if he or she had been of full age of sound mind or feme-sole, and had done such Act or given his or Tier consent thereto.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, Thall all Acts hereinbefore required to be done or consented to by the Ordinary and Patron, shall be done by the Ordinary alone when such Ordinary shall happen to be the Patron of the living; and that no deed bond transfer or other writing instrument or proceeding made had or done under the powers or authority of this Act, shall be charged or chargeable with any stamp-duty or fee of office, except as herem mentioned; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That in all cases where any act is required to be done by the Ordinary in the execution of any of the purposes of this Act, and such Ordinary shall be a body corporate aggregate, every such act shall be done and signified under the seal of such body corporate.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where the incumbent of any chapelry or perpetual cure shall be nominated by the Rector or Vicar of the parish wherein the same is situated, in every such case the consent of such Rector or Vicar, together with the consent of the Patron of such rectory, shall be necessary in all such matters wherein the consent of the Patron is required by the former provisions of this Act.

XVIII. Provided likewise, and be it further enacted, That whenever any controversy or dispute shall arise touching the residence of the Incumbent; with respect to any of the matters contained in this Act, the same shall be adjusted and determined by the Ordinary of the diocese.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful for the Patron Ordinary and Incumbent of any such living or benefice as aforesaid, or any two of them of which the Ordinary to be one, by writing under their hands, to make such allowance to the person or persons to be nominated by them for the purpose of paying and applying the money so to be raided as aforesaid, as they shall think fit,

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy.

not exceeding the sum of five pounds for every one hundred pounds so to be laid out and expended as aforesaid.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That m all cases where the patronage of any living or benefice hereinbefore described shall be in the Crown, and such living or benefice shall be above the yearly value of twenty pounds in the King’s books, the consent of the Crown to the several proceedings hereby authorised respecting such living or benefice shall be signified by the Lord High Treasurer or tirst Lord Commissioner of the Treasury for the time being; but if such living or benefice shall not exceed the value of twenty pounds in the Kings books, such consent shall be signified by the Lord High Chancellor Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal for the time being; or if such living or benefice shall be within the patronage of the Crown in right of the Duchy of Lancaster, then such consent shall be signified by the Chancellor of the Duchy for the time being, by writing under their respective hands, in the form or to the effect for mat purpose contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed; and that in all such cases where such Deed is hereby required to be executed by the Patron as well as the Ordinary and Incumbent, such Deed shall be valid and effectual to all intents and purposes whatsoever, if executed by the Ordinary and Incumbent only, after such consent shall have been obtained as aforesaid from the said Lord High Treasurer, first Commisioner of the Treasury Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal or Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster respectively, as the case shall be, provided such consent shall be registered at the register office aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Archbishop or Bishop of any diocese, and also for any ecclesiastical corporation sole or aggregate, being Lord or Lords of any Manor within which there shall be any waste or common lands parcel of the demesnes of such Manor lying convenient for the house and buildings and other the purposes of this Act, to grant, a part or parts of such waste or common lands in perpetuity for the several purposes of this Act, leaving sufficient common for the several persons having right of common upon such wastes or commons, and obtaining the consent of the lesse of such lands if the same shall be in lease.

SCHEDULE to which the Bill refer?.

FORM of the CONSENT of the Ordinary and Patron (to be written on Parchment.)

4 J B. Rector, Vicar 4'C- (as the case shall he) of the parish chapelry *

* or perpetual curacy (as the case shall be,) of ih

the county of under the jurisdiction of the Ordinary,

having produced to us the said Ordinary and Patron of

* the said church and living, a certificate under the hand of

* a skilful and experienced workman or surveyor, of the state and condition of the buildings upon the glebe belonging to the said church,

* chapelry, or pepetueu curacy (as the case shall be), and of the value of the

4 timber, and other materials thereupon, fit to be sold, or employed about such buildings; and also apian made by the said of

* the work proposed to be done by new buildings and repairs upon the said glebe, and an estimate of the expence attending the same, after applying the said materials, or the money to arise from the sale thereof, in such buildings and repairs; and also a particular account in writing signed by the said A. B. of the annual profits of such living,

4 and of the rents stipends taxes and other outgoings annually issuing thereout, verified upon oath, pursuant to the directions of an Act passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his Majesty King George the third, to promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provi *

4 sion for the more speedy and effectual building rebuilding repairing or' 1 purchasing Houses and other necessary Buildings and Tenements for the

85

No. xxiri17 Geo. HI. c. 53.

In what manner the consent of the Crown shall be made known, Ac. c.

Lords of Manors may grant a part in perpetuity, Ac. c.

86

No. XXIII.

IT Geo. III. c. 53.

Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

* 17m of their Benefice*; and having considered such certificate plan and account: now we do approve thereof; and do consent that such build-< ings and repairs shall be made as therein specified, and that the said A. B. 1 do oorrow and take up at interest the sum of

1 being the estimate of the expences, after deducting the value of the tint* ber and other materials thought proper to he sold and which appears to

* us, from the said account, a sum not exceeding two years neat income and produce of the said living; which money is to be paid to

* (a person nominated by us and the said A. B), and applied

according to the direction of the said Act. '

FORM of the MORTGAGE *

4 THIS indenture, made the

« A in lKi *

day of

in the year of the reign of his

Majesty and in the year of our Lord be* tween the Reverend Rector [or Vicar, 4rc.J

4 of the parish church, curacy, or chapelry, of in the

4 county of and the diocese of the Bishop of of

* the one part; and of of the other part.

* Whereas the said pursuant to the directions of an

4 Act, passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his Majesty King

"* George the third, intituled, An Act to promote the residence of the yaro~ 4 chial Clergy by making provision for the more speedy and effectual building rebuilding repairing or purchasing houses and other necessary building* 4 and tenements for the use of their beneficest hath obtained the consent of the Ordinary of the said diocese and the Patron of the said church and living to borrow and take up at interest the sum of to

4 be laid out and expended in building rebuilding or repairing (as the case shall he) the Parsonage-house ana other necessary offices upon the glebe belonging to the said church chapel.or curacy, as appears by an

* instrument signed by the said Ordinary and Patron hereunto annexed

1 and whereas the said hath agreed to lend and

* advance the sum of upon a mortgage of the glebe

4 tythes rents and other profits and emoluments of the said living, pur* suant to the direction and the true intent and meaning of the said Act t

4 now this indenture witnesseth, That the said in con4 sideration of the sum of five shillings to him in hand paid, and of the* 4 sum of paid at or before the sealing ana delivery hereof,

4 into the hands of (a person or persons (as the

4 case shall be) nominated by the said Ordinary Patron and Incumbent, 4 to receive the same, pursuant to the direction of the said Act, (which* 4 nomination is also hereunto annexed) and which receipt of the said sum of the said have or hath

4 acknowledged by an indorsement on the back of this deed), hath granted bargained sold and demised, and by these presents doth grant bargain sell and demise, unto the said his execu4 tors administrators and assigns, all the glebe lands tythes rents moduces compositions for tytnes salaries stipends fees gratuities and other emoluments and profits whatsoever, arising coming growing renewing or payable to the Rector Vicar or Incumbent (as the case shall 4 be) of the said living in respect thereof, with all and every their rights privileges and apurtenances thereunto belonging, to have hold receive take and enjoy the said premises, with their and every of their appurtenances, unto the said his executors administrators and

4 assigns, from henceforth for and during the term of years,

4 fully to be complete and ended, in as lull ample and beneficial manner, 4 and with such remedies and powers for obtaining and recovering the same and every part thereof, to all intents and purposes as the said his successors Rectors Vicars $c. (as the case shall

4 be) of the said church, could or might or ought to have held enjoyed

Class II.]

Statutes relating to the Clergy•

4 received taken or recovered the same, if these presents bad not been made:.

[And the said A. B. for himself, In cases where the mortgage by I his heirs, executors, and ad minis- this Act directed is to be made by I trators, doth hereby covenant, pro- the Ordinary and Patron alone, 1 mise, and agree, to and with the said

without the Incumbent, this cove-7

87

No. XXIII. 17 Geo. III. c. 63.

his executors,

1 nant and proviso are to be omitted, \ administrators, and assigns, That and the form is to be varied in 1 he the said A, B. daring the time

* such other respects as shall be neces-l he shall continue Rector Vicar, Sfc.

4 sary. I of the said parish and parish church,

shall and will well and truly pay or cause to be paid unto the said his

1 executors administrators or assigns, interest of the said sum of

or so much thereof as shall remain due at the end of every year, to be computed from the day of the date of these presents, after the rate of per centum per annum, by

4 yearly payments, the first of the said payments to begin and be made

* on the day of next; and also,

4 at the Several times before mentioned for payment of the interest, as aforsaid, shall and will well and truly pay, or cause to be paid, the sum of five pounds per centum per annum of the principal which remained due

* at the beginning of the year in which every such payment is to be paid, 4 in case the said A. B. snail be resident upon the said living for the time mentioned in and according to the true intent and meaning of the said Act; and in case the said A. 3. shall not reside upon the said living during the time mentioned in and according to the true intent ana meaning of the said Act, he shall pay or cause to be paid, the sum of ten pounds per centum per annum of the said principal money, by such yearly payments as aforesaid, instead of tnc said sum of five pounds per centum per annum, and shall and will continue such respective payments of the said interest, and on account of the said principal money, so long as he shall continue Rector Vicar, fee. (as the case shall 4 be) of the said parish and parish church, unless all the said principal money and interest for the same shall be sooner paid and discharged.

4 Provided always, and these presents are upon this condition, That ifthe said A. 3. and his successors, shall well and truly pay or cause to be pud the said principal money and interest for the same, in manner and at the times aforesaid, according to the true intent and meaning of the said Act, and of these presents, and also all costs and charges which shall have been occasioned by the nonpayment thereof, these presents and every thing herein contained shall cease and be void<- Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful for the said A. 3. and his successors, peaceably and quietly to hold occupy possess and enjoy, all and singular the said glebe lands tythes rents moduses composition for tythes stipends fees gratuities and other emoluments and profits whatsoever arising or to arise from or in respect to the said living, until default shall be made by him or them respectively in the payment of the interest and principal or some part thereof, at the times and in the manner aforesaid. In witness, &c.

NOMINATION of a Clergyman by the Bishop, to settle any Dispute about the Proportion of the Payments within the Year in which any Avoidance shall happen.

* T The Right Reverend Bishop of

4 pursuant to the Authority of an Act, passed in the seventeeth year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making provision for the more speedy and effectual building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing Houses, and'other necessary Buildings and Tenements, for the Use of then' Benefices, do hereby nominate the Reverend’being

4 a Clergyman within my said Diocese, to adjust ami

8$

5So. XXIII. 17 Geo. III. c. 53.

* Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Pari I.

matter in dispute between the Reverend Clerk,

the present Incumbent of the rectory vicarage, &c. of

within my diocese, and the

Representatives of the the last Incumbent,

(in cafe of his Death) or the said in case of hit

Resignation or Promotion) concerning the due proportion to be paid by each of the said parties of the principal and interest which accrued due within the year in which such death or other avoidance happened, . according to the direction true iutent and meaning of the said Act. Given under my hand, this Day of

AWARD and DETERMINATION of the Clergyman nominated by the Bishop,

4 The Reverend A. B. of in the county

1 of and diocese of the Bishop of

4 Clerk, having been nominated by the said Bishop, pursuant to the power given by an Act, passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his

* Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to Promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the mot'e speedy and effectual building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing Houses, and other necessary Buildings and Tenements, for the Use of their Benefices, to adjust and determine the matter in dispute between the Reverend

4 Clerk, the present Incumbent of the rectory vicarage, &c.

4 of within the said diocese and

the representatives of the last Incumbent (in case of his

4 death), or the said (in case of his resignation

4 or promotion) concerning the due proportion to be paid by each of the said parties, of the principal and interest which accrued due within the year in which suen death or avoidance happened, according to the direction and true intent and meaning of the said Act; and having heard and duly considered the said matters so referred to me as aforesaid, do award adjudge and determine, That the said

4 shall pay, in respect of the interest and principal which became due within the year aforesaid, the sum of and

that the said shall pay in respect of the same,

the sum of being the remainder thereof, according

4 to the provision and direction of the said Act. Given under my hand,

* this day of

APPOINTMENT of the NOMINEE (to he wrote ot* Parchment.)

whose names are subscribed, being the Ordinary Patron and W Incumbent of the rectory vicarage, &c. of 1 w ithin the county of and diocese of the Bishop of

do hereby nominate and appoint

! of to receive the money authorised to be raised by an Act,

(passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his Majesty King Georgf. the Third, intituled, An Act to* promote the Residence of the Parochial ! C/*r&y, by making Provision for the more speedy and effectual building rebuilding repairing or purchasing Houses, and other necessary Buildings 1 and Tenements, for the use af their Benefices, for the purpose of building 1 rebuilding repairing or purchasing the parsonage house, &c. (or the Case shall be) to the said rectory vicarage, &c. belonging, and to pay and { apply the same, and to enter into contracts with proper persons for (such buildings or repairs, and to inspect and take care of the execution 1 of such contracts and to take such receipts and vouchers keep £uch ac-(counts and do and perforin all such other matters and things which r nominees are authorised and required to do and perform in and by the [said Act, the said having given security for the

1 due application thereof, according to the direction of the said Act. Given under our hands, this day of



Class II.]

Statutes relating to the Clergy.

FORM of ORDER of the Ordinary Patron and Incumbent for laying out or applying the Suiplus Money.

4 iyE whose names are subscribed, being the Ordinary Patron and In-4 f cumbent of the rectory vicarage, &c. of in

* the county of and diocese of the Bishop of

do hereby order that the sum of

* now remaining in the hands of the person nomi4 nated and appointed to receive and apply the money raised for building

* repairing, &c. the parsonage house, &c. belonging to the said rectory

* vicarage, &c. under the Act of Parliament, passed in the seventeenth

* year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An

4 Act to promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more speedy and effectual building rebuilding repairing or purchasing Houses and other necessary Buildings and Tenements, for the use of their Benefices, shall be [paid to being the person inti4 tied to receive the money now remaining due on the mortgage made of the glebe lands tythes and other profits and emoluments of the said living, and applied in part of payment thereof pursuant to the direction of the said Act] or [applied in building or repairing, &c. (describing the same) upon the glebe belonging to the said living?] Given under our hands, this day of

FORM of CERTIFICATE from the two Clergymen.

* the Reverend A. B. of in the county of

* Clerk, and C. D. of Clerk,

* being two clergymen within the diocese of the Bishop of

* do hereby certify to the said Bishop, pursuant to the directions and instructions sent by him to us, that we have made enquiry

* into the state and condition of the buildings upon the glebe belonging .

4 to the rectory vicarage, &c. of within the said diocese, at

* the tiipe the Reverend Clerk, the present incum* bent thereof, entered upon the said living, which was in or about the

4 year of our Lord and do find [that

‘.the same have been kept in due and common repair, without any wilful neglect (if the case is no)] ur [that the same have, by wilful negligence,

been suffered to go to decay, and that they have sustained damage, from a want of common and ordinary repair, to the amount of

pounds] and we have also enquired into the money received by

the said for dilapidations, from the representatives

of the former Incumbent, and do find that he hath received the sum of for such dilapidations; and [that he hath

expended the whole, or thereof (as the case may

be) in the necessary repairs of the buildings] or [that the same hath not been laid out or expended in repairing the buildings] upon the glebe belonging to the said living. Given under our hands, this day of

FORM of the DEED of Sale, or Exchange, of Lands or Tythes belonging to the Living or Benefice.

4 'THIS Indenture, made the day of in

the year of the reign of his Majesty King George

the and in the year of our Lord

4 between A. B. Ordinary of the rectory (vicarage chapelry or

4 perpetual cure, as the case shall be) of in the county of

* C. D. of Patron of the said rectory,

&c. and the Reverend E. F. Clerk, Incumbent of the said rectory, &c.

4 of the one part, and G. H. of of the other part.

4 Whereas, in the execution of an Act, passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act, &c.

4 (here set forth the title of the Act) it hath been found convenient to purchase (or exchange, as the case shall be) certain lands, &c. (describe

89

No. XXIII.

17 Geo. III. c. 53.

90 Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

No. XXIII. cularly the lands purchased) lying near and convenient to the parsonage r -1T house belonging to the said rectory, &c. (or, if the house be lately pur-l7Ueo. ill. t of, ased) [lying near a certain messuage house or tenement and buildings c. 53. < lately purchased for the habitation of the minister of the said rectory, * '

4 &c: under the powers of the said Act] and it hath been found most convenient, and agreed by the said Ordinary Patron and Incumbent, that the glebe lands (or Tythes, as the case shall be) herein after described,

belonging to the said rectory, &c. shall be sold, to raise the sum of

* being the purchase-money for the said lands

* herein before described (or exchanged, if the same is to be done by exchange,

4 in order to make an equivalent forsuen lands) and a contract hath been made with the said G. H, for the absolute sale, at the price or sum of 4 (or exchange, as the cate shall be) of part

* of the glebe land (or of the tythes, as the case shall be) belonging to the said rectory, fee. hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, (here describe the

* particulars of the land or tythes proposed to be sold or exchanged) which contract is nereby ratified and confirmed by the said Ordinary Patron and Incumbent: now this indenture witnesseth, that the said A. B. C.D.

4 and E. F. in order to carry the said contract into*execution, and to fulfil riie purposes of the "said recited Act, in pursuance of the powers thereby to them given, and in consideration of the sum of

the receipt whereof is acknowledged on the back of this deed; which sum hath.been paid and applied in the purchase of the lands herein before described; have, and each of them hath granted bargained and sold (and exchanged, if the same be by exchange), and by these presents do, and each of them dotn grant bargain sell (and exchange, if by exchange) unto the said G. H. ana his heirs and assigns, all, &c. (here describe the lands or tythes as the cate shall be) with their and every of their rights privileges and appurtenances, to hold to and to the use of the said G. H. his heirs and assigns for ever. (If done by exchange, add the following words), [in *4 exchange for certain lanas which belonged to the said G. H. and are, by indentures of equal date herewith, exchanged and conveyed to the said 4 C. D. in trust for the sole use and benefit of the said JE. b\ and his suc- ccssors rectors vicars, &c. (as the case shall be) of the said living or benefice, for the time being, for ever.] And the said A. B. C. D. and E. F.

4 do hereby severally covenant for themselves, their several executors and administrators, to and with the said G. H. his heirs and assigns, that they, nor any of them, have or hath done any act whereby the said lands 4 (or tythes as the case shall be) can or may be incumbered; and that the said G. H. his heirs and assigns, shall and may from time to time for

* ever hereafter peaceably and quietly hold and enjoy the said glebe lands

4 or tythes (as the case shall be) according to the true intent ana meaning v 4 of the said Act, without any lett hindrance or interruption of or from them, or any of them.

* In witness, &c.

FORM of the DEED of Purchase or Exchange of Buildings or Lands to be annexed to the ZAving or Benefice.

* 'T'HIS Indenture, made the day of in the

4 A year of the reign of his Majesty King

4 and in the year of our Lord between A. B. of of the

4 one part; C. D. Ordinary of the rectory vicarage chapelry or perpetual cure (as the case shall be) of in the county of

4 E. F. of Patrol) of the said rectory, &c. and the Reverend

4 G. H. Clerk, Incumbent of the said rectory, &c. or the other part.

4 Whereas there is no parsonage house belonging to the said rectory, 8cc.

4 (or) [the parsonage house belonging to the said rectory, &c. 19 become so ruinous and decayed (or so mean) that it is not fit for the habitation of the minister of the said rectory, &c.] and one years net income or produce of the said living or benefice will not be sufficient to rebuild or repair the said house, with the necessary offices belonging thereto:

4 And whereas a certain messuage house or the tenement, with the

Class II.]

Statutes relating to the Clergy.

buildings thereunto belonging, situate in the property

4 of the said A. B. and lying within the distance of yards from the church (or chapel at the cate thall he) of the said rectory,

1 &c. appears to the said Ordinary Patron and Incumbent, proper and convenient for the habitation and use of the Minister of the said rectory, &c. [and more commodious than the preseut house and buildings upon the glebe of the said rectory, &c.] (in catet where there are any); and a contract hath been made, by the direction and with the approbation and consent of the said Ordinary Patron and Incumbent,

4 with the said A. B. which is hereby ratified and confirmed by the said Ordinary Patron and Incumbent, for the absolute purchase of the said messuage house or tenement and buildings, for the price or sum of pursuant to the directions of an Act, passed in the

4 seventeenth year of the reign of his Majesty King Geo&oe the Third, 4 intituled, An Act, &c. (set forth the title of the Act:)

/[And whereas a contract has likewise been made with the said A. B. by the like direction approbation and consent, which is hereby likewise ratified ana confirmed by the said € Thit to Ordinary Patron and Incumbent, for the absolute purchase be inserted of the inheritance of a certain yard garden orchard and when the piece or parcel of land (describing them particularly as the case lands are thall be) tying near or convenient to the said messuage house purchased tenement and buildings, containing by admeasurement, 4 from the c for the price or sum of

; same per- which have been agreed by tine said Ordinary Patron and 1 son who Incumbent, to be raised by the sale (or exchange) of cer- sells the tain lands or tythes, (as the case shall be) belonging to the House and said rectory, &c. herein after described, pursuant to the Buildings. powers given by the said Act; viz. (here give a full description of the lands so agreed to be sold); (if the equivalent is to be by exchange, then after the word Incumbent last mentioned insert [ana the said A. B. to be exchanged for certain Viands or tythes, &c. (as above.)] Now this indenture wit- nesseth. That the said A. B., for and in consideration of the said several sums of and to him in hand

4 paid for the purchases aforesaid (if both the buildings and lands are purchased for money); (but if the equivalent for the land is to be by exchange, then) in consideration of the said sum of for

the purchase of the said messuage house or tenement and buildings, 4 and m consideration of the land (or tythes as the case shall be) so agreed to be exchanged as aforesaid, and intended to be conveyed to hun the said A. B. by the said Ordinary Patron and Incumbent, by indenture of equal date herewith] the receipt of which said sum (or sums of money, as the case shall be) [and acknowledgment of the said ev- change] (if the equivalent for the land is to be by exchange) the said A. B. 4 hath admitted, by an indorsement on the’ back of thi9 deed, hath granted bargained and sold, and by these presents doth grant bargain and sell (if by exchange) [hath granted bargained sold and exchanged with, and] unto the said jE. F. and his heirs, all, &c. (here insert a full description of the buildings or lands so intended to be conveyed with their and every of their rights privileges and appurtenances) to hold to the said E. F. and his heirs in trust, for the sole use and benefit of the - said G. H. and his successors rectors vicars, &c. (or the case shall be) 4 of the said living or benefice for the time being, for ever. And the said A. B. for himself his heirs executors ana administrators, doth covenant and agree to and with the said E. F. and his heirs, That he hath good right to convey the said messuage house or tenement and buildings lands, &c. (or the ease shall be) and that he will warrant the same, for the uses and purposes aforesaid, for ever, free from all claims charges and incumbrances whatsoever, by from or under him or any of his ancestors. In witness, fee.

91

No. XXIII.

17 Geo. Ill* c. 53.

92 Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

No. XXIII.

17 Geo. III. c. 53.

FORM of CERTIFICATE of RESIDENCE.

4 A. B. Rector Vicar or officiating Minister (as the case shall be) of

the parish of in the diocese of

4 Clerk, and C. D. Rector Vicar or officiating Minister (as the case shall 4 be) of the parish of within the said diocese, Clerk,

• which said parishes of and are near

4 adjoining to the parish of within the said diocese, do

4 hereby certify, That E. F. Rector Vicar or Incumbent (as the case shall 4 be) of the said parish and parish church of aforesaid,

4 hath resided upon his living 'or benefice within that parish fur the space of twenty weeks, between the day of

4 and the day of last. Given under

4 our hands, this day of

FORM of CONSENT where the Living or Benefice shall be in the Patronage of the Crown, or within the Duchy of Lancaster.

4 Vy HERE AS the living or benefice of within the

4 diocese of is in the patronage of the crown.

4 and rated above or under (as the case shall be) twenty pounds per annum in the King’s books, or of the Chancellor of the duchy of Lancaster 4 (as the case shall be); and application hath been made for building (re-4 building repairing or purchasing or exchanging, as the case shall be) the parsonage nouse or other buildings or lana (as the case shall be) for the use of the said living or benefice, in pursuance of* the powers given for that purpose, by an Act passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to promote the residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making provision for the more 1 speedy and effectual building rebuilding repairing or purchasing houses and other necessary buildings and tenements, for the use of their benefices;

4 now I the Right Honourable First Lord Commissioner

4 of the Treasury, Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Chancellor of the duchy of Lancaster, («# the case shall be) being satisfied that such building rebuilding repairing purchasing or exchanging, &c. (as the case shall be) will be an improvement and advantage to the said living or benefice, do hereby consent, That such buildings repairs purchases or exchanges (as the case shall be) shall be made,

4 according to the directions and the true intent and meaning of the said Act. Given under my hand, this day of

[No. XXIV.] 21 George III. c. 66.—An Act to explain

and amend an Act made in the seventeenth year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Jet to promote the Residence of the Parochial .Clergy, by making Provision for the more speedy and effectual building rebuilding repairing or purchasing Houses and other necessary Buildings and Tenements, for the Use of their Benefices.

21 G. III. c. 66. 4 XtWHEREAS by an Act, passed in the seventeenth year of the reign

17 G. 111. c. 53. 4 of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to promote the Residence

4 of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more speedy and

4 effectual building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing Houses, and other

4 necessary Buildings and Tenement«, for the Use of their Benefices; it is

4 enacted amongst other things, That the Incumbent of every living or

4 benefice of which the glebe tithes rents and profits shall be mort4 gaged for the purposes of the said Act, shall pay the interest arising

4 upon every such mortgage yearly, as the same shall become due:

4 and also five pounds per centum per annum if such Incumbent was 1

Class UJ

Statutes relating to the Clergy.

93

No. XXIV. 81 Geo. IIL c. 66.

Incumbent, where Glebes, etc. be mortgaged, shall pay to the Mortgagee, etc.

Forms in the Schedule to be observed.

Public Act.

* resident, and ten pounds per centum per annum if non-resident, of the

* principal remaining due, by yearly payments; which words, if literally 1 understood and observed, would, contrary to the true intent and mean* ing of the said Act, render the discharge of the principal sum im* practicable, and thereby discourage persons from lending money upon such securitiesbe it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the Incumbent of every living or benefice of which the glebes tithes rents and profits have been or shall be mortgaged for the purposes of the staid Act, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, well and truly pay, or cause to be paid, to every such mortgagee, oyer and besides the interest of the principal money due upon such mortgage, the sum of five pounds per centum per annum if resident, or ten pounds per centum per annum if non-resident, of the money originally advanced upon such mortgage, until the whole of the said principal money shall be discharged; and if upon any such mortgage or mortage9 already made less shall have been paid by the present Incumbent than what is hereby directed to be paid, ne shall, and he is hereby required, within six months after the passing of this Act, to make up the deficiency; and in default of payment thereof within the time aforesaid, the same shall be recovered in such and the same manner as the interest is recoverable by virtue of the provisions in the said recited Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the forms contained in the said Schedule respecting the allowance of accounts, and the bond and receipt to be given by the nominee, as directed by the said recited Act, or forms to the like effect, shall be observed and complied with in the execution of this and the said recited Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and every thing herein contained, shall be deemed adjudged and taken to be a public Act; and shall lie judicially taken notice of as such by all judges justices and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

STATE of account of the money advanced and paid by A. B. (rector or vicar, etcetera, as the cane shall be) of the living of in the county of for the building (rebuilding or

repairing) the parsonage .house and buildings belonging to the said living, according to the direction of a Statute made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Third.

C. D. Ordinary.

E. F. Patron.

G. H. Incumbent.

FORM of Allowance of the Nominee's Account of the Money received and expended by him pursuant to the Directions of the said Statute of the seventeenth of Gkorgb the Third, to be written at the Foot of such Account.

WE have examined, and do hereby approve and allow the above

* account. Given under our hands this day of

1 A. B. Ordinary.

1 C. D. Patron.

* E. F. Incumbent. ’

RECEIPT to be signed by the Nominee for the Money which shall be borrowed and paid into his Hands, pursuant to the Direction of the said Act.

* 1 A. B. being the person nominated by the Ordinary Patron and Incumbent of the rectory (vicarage, etcetera, ns the case shall be)

1 of in the county of and diocese

1 of the Bishop of to receive and apply die money aut^ftr

94

No. XXIV. 21 Geo. III. c. 66.

Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

rised to be borrowed by mortgage of the glebe tithes rents and other

Erofits and emoluments of the said for the purpose of

uilding (rebuilding or repairing, of the cate thall be) the parson* age house (or outbuildings, etcetera, at the cate thall be) belonging to such living or benifice, do hereby acknowledge to have received from the hands of C. D. being the person to whom such mortgage is intended to be made, the sum of being the sum for

which such mortgage or security is to be made: And I da hereby promise to apply the same in such manner and for such purposes as are directed by the said Act. ’

FORM of BOND to be given by the Nominee and his Surety, pursuant to the Direction of the said Act.

4 {"OBLIGATION of the bond (in the common form of obligations) from 4 A. B. (describing him at in the last form of Receipt) and C. D. of ctce- tera (describing the surety) to (<describing the Ordinary) in

* the penal sum of (to be double the turn for which the

4 security it to be given, etcetera, etcetera.) '

FORM of the Condition of the taid Bond.

rPIIE condition of the above obligation is such, That if the said 4 A. B. (naming the nominee as bejore mentioned) shall and do justly

* and truly pay ana account for the sum of received by

4 him this day from C. D. being the person to whom a mortgage hath been this day made and executed of the glebe tithes rents and other profits and emoluments of the rectory (vicarage, etcetera, as the case shall be) of for the purpose of building (rebuilding or

4 repairing) of the said rectory, etcetera, at the cate shall be), according to the true intent and meaning of two several Acts of Parliament, 4 passed in the seventeenth and twenty-first years of the reign of his Majesty King George the Third, for those purposes; then this obligation to be void, or otherwise to remain in force.

4 A. B.

« C. D. ’

[No. XXV.] 24 Geo. III. c. 35.—An Act to impower the Bishop of London for the time being, or any other Bishop to be by him appointed, to admit to the Order of Deacon or Priest Persons being Subjects or Citizens of Countries out of his Majesty’s Dominions, without requiring them to take the Oath of Allegiance as appointed by Law.

TT provides, that the Bishop of London, or any other Bishop by him appointed, may admit aliens to the order of deacon or priest, without their taking the oath of allegiance:That persons so ordained shall not exercise their office In his Majesty's dominions; and that the name and country, &c. of the person ordained shall be inserted in the letters testimonial.

[No. XXVI.] 26 Geo. III. c. 84.—An Act to impower the Archbishop of. Canterbury, or the Archbishop of Fork, for the time being, to consecrate to the Office of a Bishop Persons being Subjects or Citizens of Countries out of his Majesty’s Dominions.

TT provides, that the Archbishop of Canterbury or York, with such other Bishops as they shall think fit to call to their assistance, may consecrate subjects of foreign states Bishops, without the King's licence

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy *

for the election, or requiring them to take the usual oaths; but not without first obtaining his Majesty’s royal licence for performing the consecration, &c. That no person so consecrated, &c. shall thereby be enabled to exercise their offices in his Majesty’s dominions; and that a Certificate of Consecration shall be given by the Archbishop, &c.

95 *

No. XXVI.

26 Geo. III.

c. 84.

[No. XXVII.] 36 Geo. III. c. 83.—An Act for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England, and for making certain Regulations respecting the Appointment of such Curates, and the Admission of Persons to Cures augmented by Queen Annb’s Bounty, with respect to the Avoidance of other Benefices. — [14th May, 1796.] *

III. AND whereas by an Act, passed in the first year of his late most " gracious Majesty King George the First, it was enacted, That € all churches curacies and chapels, which should he augmented by the Go-1 vemors of the late Queen Anne's Bounty, should be from thenceforth perpetual cures and benefices: and whereas it is expedient that such augmented churches curacies and chapels^should be subjected to the

* same rules as benefices with respect to the avoidance of other bene- ficesbe it further enacted, That such augmented churches curacies and chapels shall be considered in law as benefices presentative, so as that the licence thereto shall operate in the same manner as institution to such benefices, and shall render voidable other livings in like manner as institution to the said benefices; and that it shall be lawful for the Bishop or Ordinary, within whose jurisdiction such augmented church curacy or chapel shall lie, to appoint, under his hand and seal, any stipend or allowance for the officiating Curate to be nominated or employed by the perpetual Curate or Incumbent thereof, not exceeding seventy-five pounds per annum, for which payment the said Curate shall have the same and tike remedies as are herein before given to the Curates of Rectors and Vicars.

IV. And whereas doubts have been lately entertained, whether the

* acceptance of such augmented churches curacies and chapels has rendered violable in law such other benefices as the Incumbents possessed (before their acceptance of the same: and whereas it is fit that many 1 Incumbents who nave accepted such churches curacies and chapels should

* be quieted in the possession of the benefices they enjoyed before the ac* ceptance of the sameit is hereby enacted and declared, That all such benefices as were held in conjunction with augmented cures before the passing of this Act, shall continue to be held by the present Incumbents therewith; and that it shall not be lawful to present to the said benefices until they shall become void or voidable by death or cession, or by other lawful cause of avoidance arising after the passing of this Act.

VI. And whereas it is expedient that the authority of Ordinaries to

* licence Curates, and to remove licenced Curates, should be further ex-< plained enlarged and confirmedbe it enacted and declared, That it shall be lawful for the Ordinary to licence any Curate who is or shall be actually employed by the Rector Vicar or other Incumbent of any parish church or chapel, although no express nomination of such Curate shall have been made, either in words or in writing, to the Ordinary by the said Rector Vicar or other Incumbent; and that the Ordinary shall have power to revoke, summarily and without process, any licence granted to any Curate employed within his jurisdiction, and to remove such Curate for such good and reasonable cause as he shall approve; subject nevertheless to ah appeal, as well in the case of a grant or a licence to a Curate who

1 Geo. I. qtat. 2. c. 10.

Churches augmented by Queen Anne's Bounty to be deemed Benefices presentative, and the officiating Curate may have a like Stipend.

Benefices held with augmented Cures to be held by-the present Incumbents.

Ordinary may license Curates employed, though no Nomination shall have been made to him by the Incumbent, and may revoke any Licence, subject to Appeal to the Archbishop of the Province.

* By 57 Geo. III. c. 99. infra, so much of this Act as relates to the maintenance of Curates and making provisions for and appointing of stipends for Curates, is repea^sd. zec

96 Statutes relating to the Clergy. {Part I.

No. XXVII. has not been nominated, as in the revocation of a licence granted to a Cu-36 Geo III. such appeal to be made in either case to the Archbishop of the province, and to be determined in a summary manner.

[No. XXVIII.] 43 Geo. III. c. 84.—An Act to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms; and for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices in England. Repealed by 57 Geo. III. c. 99. C7th July, 1803.]

43 Geo. III.

c. 107.

2 & 3 Anne, c. 11, sec. 4, by which Persons were empowered to grant Estates, &c. in their own right to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, towards the augmentation of the maintenance of the Clergy.

[No. XXIX.] 43 Geo. III. c. 107.—An Act for effectuating certain Parts of an Act, passed in the second and third Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the making more effectual her Majesty's gracious Intentions for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, by enabling her Majesty to grant in Perpetuity, the Revenues of the First Fruits and Tenths: and also for enabling any other Persons to make Grants for the same Purpose, so far as the same relate to Deeds and Wills made for granting and bequeathing Lauds Tenements Hereditaments Goods and Chattels to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Annk, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and for enlarging the Powders tff the said Governors.

[27th July, 1803.]

4 \lWHEREAS by an Act made in the second and third years of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the making 1 more effectual her Majesty's gracious intentions for the augmentation of the maintenance of the Poor Clergy, by enabling fur Majesty to grant, in perpe- tuify, the revenues of the First fruits and Tenths; and alsofor enabling any other persons to make grants for the same purpose; after reciting amongst other things* that for the encouragement of such well-disposed persons

* as should by her Majesty’s royal example be moved to contribute to so

* pious and charitable a purpose, and that such their charity might be rightly applied, it was amongst other things enacted, that all and every person and persons having in his or their own right any estate or in* terest, in possession reversion or contingency, of or in any lands tene* ments or hereditaments, or any property of or in any goods or chattels,

* should have full power licence and authority at his ner and their will and pleasure, by deed enrolled in such manner and within such time as

* is directed by the Statute made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth for enrolment of bargains and sales, or by his her or their last will or testament in writing, duly executed according to law, to give and grant to and vest in the corporation thereby autho* rised, and since erected under the name of The Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, and their successors, all such his her or their estate «interest or property in such lands tenements and hereditaments goods and chattels or any part or parts thereof, for and towards the augmentation of the maintenance of such ministers officiating in such church or chapel where the liturgy and rites of the said church were or should be so used or observed, as in the same Act were mentioned, and having no settled competent provision belonging to the same, and to be for that purpose applied according to the will of the said benefactor, in and by suen deea enrolled, or by such will or testament executed, as aforesaid expressed, and in default of such direction limitation or appointment in such manner as by her Majesty’s letters patent should be directed or an- pointed as aforesaid; and such corporation and their successors, should

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy.

97

* have full capacity and ability to purchase receive take hold and enjoy for

* the purposes aforesaid, from suen persons as should be so charitably dis* posed to give the same, any manors lands tenements goods or chattels,

4 without any licence or writ of ad quod damnum, the statute of mortmain or any other statute or law to the contrary notwithstanding:and it was by the same Act provided, that that Act, or any thing therein contained,

4 shall not extend to enable any person or persons being within age, or of non-sane memory, or women covert without their husbands, to make any such gift grant or alienation, any thing in that Act contained to the con* trary m anywise notwithstanding:and whereas the beneiicial effect and operation of the said Act have been considerably obstructed and retarded by an Act passed in the ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty King 4 George the Second, intituled, An Act to restrain the disposition of lands,

4 wherebu the same became unalienable ? for remedy thereof be it enacted by the Ring’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that so much of the said Act of her late Majesty Queen Ax be, as is herein recited, shall be and remain in full force and effect, the said Act of his late Majesty King George the Second or any other Act or law to the- contrary notwithstanding.

II. And whereas by an Act passed in the first year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for making changing Lands, 4 more effectual her late Majestys gracious Intentions for augmenting the Ac. c. under 1G.L 4 Maintenance of the Poor 'Clergy, it was amongst other things enacted, c- 10. (sec. 13)

* that it should be lawful, with the concurrence of the said Governors of extended to

the Bounty of Queen Anne, and the Incumbent Patron and Ordinary of ^"d*? *c* any augmented living or cure to exchange all or any part of the estate au8raente

4 settled for the augmentation thereof, for any other estate in lands or

* lythes of equal or greater value, to be conveyed to the same usesbe it also enacted, That the said power shall be, and the same is hereby extended to all the messuages buildings and lands belonging to every such augmented living or cure.

III. And be it further enacted, That where a living shall have been or Where there is shall be augmented by the said Governors, either by way of let or bene- no suitable Par-faction, and there is no parsonage house suitable for the residence of the sonage House Minister, it shall and may be lawful for the said Governors and they are the Governors hereby empowered, from time to time, in order to promote the residence may provide of the clergy on their benefices, to apply and dispose of the money appro- one* priated for such augmentation and remaining in their hands, or any part

thereof, in such manner as they shall deem most adviseable, in or towards the building rebuilding or purchasing a house, and other proper erections within* the parish, convenient and suitable for the residence of the minister thereof, which house shall for ever thereafter be deemed the parsonage house appertaining to such living to all intents and purposes whatsoever; any thing in any Acts or the rules of the said Governors contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

No. XXIX.

43 Geo. III. c. 107.

•hall remain in force, notwithstanding Mortmain Act.

9 Geo. II. c.36.

Power of ex[No. XXX.] 43 Geo. III. c. 108.—An Act to promote the building, repairing, or otherwise providing of Churches and Chapels, and of Houses for the Residence of Ministers, and the providing of Church-yards and Glebes. — [27th July, 1803.]

4 ^OTIIEREAS a sufficient number of churches and chapels for the 43 Geo. III. 4 celebration of divine service, according to the rites and ceremonies c. 108.

4 of the united church of England and Ireland, and of mansion houses with ‘competent glebes for the residence of ministers officiating in such churches and chapels, is necessary towards the promotion of religion and morality: ana whereas the same are either wholly wanting or materially deficient in many parts of England and Ireland. And whereas many well disposed persons would be desircus of contributing towards 3(

VOL. I. H

SB

No. XXX. 43 Geo. III. c. 108.

Persons possessed in their own Right may, by Deed enrolled (in England under Stat. 27 H. VIII. c. 16, and in Ireland under Stat. 10 C. st. 2, c. 1. sec. 17,) or by Will credited 3 Months befttt their decease, give Lands not exceeding five Acres, or Goods and Chattels not exceeding 500/. for the Purposes oCthis Act.

Not to extend to Infants, Femes Covert, Ice.

Only one such Gift shall be made by one Person, and where it exceeds Amount the Chancellor may reduce it.

No Glebe tip-wards of 50 Acres shall be augmented with more than 1 Acre.

Statutes relating to the Clergy. . [Part I.

the supply of such defects if they were enabled so to do in the manner herein-after directed may it therefore please Jour Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every person and persons having in his or their own right any estate or interest in possession reversion or contingency of or in any lands or tenements, or of any property of or in any goods or chattels, shall have full power licence and authority, at his and their will and pleasure, by deed inrolled in such manner, and within such time, as is directed in England by the statute made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of King Henry the eighth, 'and in Ireland by the statute made in the tenth year of the reien of King Ch ablis the first, for inrol-ment of bargains and sales, or by nisher or their last will or testament in writing duly executed according to law, such deed or such will or testament being duly executed three calendar months at least before the death of such grantor or testator, including the days of the execution and death, to give and grant to and vest in any persoiuor persons, or body politic or corporate, and their heirs and successors respectively, all such nis her or their estate interest or property in such lauds or tenements not exceeding five acres, or goods and chattels or any part or parts thereof, not exceeding in value five hundred pounds, for or towards the erecting rebuilding repairing purchasing or providing any church or chapel where the liturgy and rites of the said united church are or shall be used or observed, or any mansion house for the residence of any Minister of the said united church, officiating or to officiate in any such church or chape], or of any out-buildings offices churchyard or glebe for the same respectively, and to be for those purposes applied, according to the will of the said benefactor in and by suen deed enrolled, or by such will or testament executed as aforesaid expressed, the consent and approbation of the Ordinary being first obtained, and in default of such direction limitation or appointment, in such manner as shall be directed and appointed by the Patron and Ordinary, with the consent and approbation of the Parson Vicar or other Incumbent; and such person and persons bodies politic and corporate and their heirs and successors respectively, shall have full capacity and ability to purchase receive take nold and enjoy for the purposes aforesaid, as w<Al from such persons as shall be so charitably disposed to give the same, a3 from all other persons as shall be willing to sell or aliene to such person or persons bodies politic or corporate, any lands or tenements goods or chattels without any licence or writ of ad quod damnum, the statute of Mortmain, or any other statute or law to the contrary notwithstanding: provided always, that this Act or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to enable any person or persons being within age, or of non-sane memory, nor women covert without their husbands, to make any such gift grant or alienation; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That no more than one such gift or device shall be made by any one person, and that if any such gift or devise as aforesaid shall happen to exceed five acres in lands or tenements, or the value of five hundred pounds in goods and chattels, every such gift or devise shall be good and valid to the extent aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor for the time being on petition to make order for reducing every such gift or devise to and within the said limits, and for alloting such specific five acres, and if occasion should require such specific goods ana chattels as in his judgment shall be most convenient, and to make such further order touching the premises as to him shall appear just and reasonable.

III. Provided also, that no glebe containing upwards of fifty acres shall be augmented with more than one acre under or by virtue of this Act, but that the excess, if any, given or devised for the purpose of such augmentation, shall be reduced in manner aforesaid, by the said Lord Chancellor, and such order thereupon shall be by him made as herein-before is directed in the case of an excess beyond five acres.

VjOCK^LC

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy. 99

IV. And whereas it often happens that small plots of land held in No. XXX.

* Mortmain lie convenient to be annexed to some church or chapel or 43 Geo. III. 1 house of residence as aforesaid, or to some churchyard or curtilage c

1 thereto belonging, or convenient to be employed as the site of some t *»

4 church or chapel, or house to be hereafter erected, and for the necessary x *

4 and commodious use and enjoyment thereof, and that they might be so p}ots of

* employed to the advantage of the public, and without detriment to the not exceeding

4 proprietors thereof, if they were enabled to give and grant the same for 1 Acre, held in the purposes aforesaidbe it therefore further enacted, That it shall be Mortmain, may lawful for every body politick or corporate, sole or aggregate, by deed be granted ei-inrolled as aforesaid, with cr without confirmation as the law may require, ther by Ex-togive and gyant either by way of exchange or benefaction any such change or Bent-small plot of land not exceeding one acre, to any person or persons, body faction for being politick or corporate, his and their heirs and successors respectively, to be annexed ton neld used ana applied for the purposes aforesaid; and such last-men- Church &c. tioned person ana persons bodies politick and corporate and their heirs and successors respectively, shall have full capacity and ability, with consent of the Incumbent Patron and Ordinary, to take hold and enjoy such small plot of land for the purposes aforesaid, without any licence or writ of Ad quod damnum, the statute of Mortmain, or any other act or law to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That Accommodain every parochial church or chapel hereafter to be erected ample nrovi- tion shall be sion shall be made for the decent and suitable accommodation of all per- provided for all sons, of what rank or degree soever, who may be entitled to resort to the persons resort-same, and whose circumstances may render them unable to pay lor such i»g to church accommodations. &cVI. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall be con- former rights

strued to take away or abridge any right of giving or devising which of devising, &. already exists in any person whatsoever. reserved. ’

[No. XXXI.] 43 Geo. III. c. 109.—An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend the Laws relating; to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms; and for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices in England; and to remove a doubt respecting the Title of the Statute of the twenty-first Year of King Heniiy the Eighth therein mentioned. [2*Jih July, 1803.]

[Repealed 57 Geo. 3. infra.]

[No. XXXII.] 44 Geo. III. c. 43.—An Act to enforce the due observance of the Canons and Rubrick respecting the Ages of Persons to be admitted into the sacred Orders of Deacon and Priest.—3d May, 1804.

* '^'H ERE AS by the canons of the churches heretofore of England and Ireland, how the united church of England and Ireland, it is ordained ordered apd directed, that no Bishop snail admit any person

* into the sacred order of a Deacon who is not twenty-three years old,

* nor to be a priest except he be twenty-four years compleat: and 1 whereas by the prefaces to the forms or ordination of priests and

* deacons, established and used by authority of several Acts of the 1 Parliaments of England and Ireland respectively, it is directed that none

* shall be admitted Deacon except he be tw enty-three years of age, unless he have a faculty, and that every man which is to be admitted a 4 Priest shall be full tw'enty-four years old:And whereas in that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, the aforesaid rule respecting the


100

No. XXXII. 44 Geo. III. c. 43.

None shall be admitted Deacon before 23, nor Priest before 24; nor capable of holding a Benefice j but Title by Lapse shall not accrue without notice.

Saving of Right of granting Faculties.

Statutes relating to the Clergy* [Part I.

4 ages of persons desiring to be admitted* into holy orders has been sometimes disregarded and rendered of no effect, to the great scandal and detriment of the church, and to the prejudice of religion:For the better prevention whereof for the future, and also in order that one certain and undoubted rule and course of practice may hereafter prevail and be observed in this respect in England and Ireland/ be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, no person shall be admitted a Deacon before he shall have attained the age of three and twenty years compleat, and that no person shall be admitted a Priest before he shall have attained the age of four and twenty years compleat: .And in case any person shall from and after' the passing of this Act be admitted a Deacon before he shall have attained the age of three and twenty years compleat, or be admitted a Priest before he shall have attained the age of four and twenty years compleat, that then and in every such case the admission of every such person as Deacon or Priest respectively, shall be merely void in law as if such admission had not been made, and the person so admitted shall be wholly incapable of having holding or enjoying, or being admitted to any parsonage vicarage benefice, or other ecclesiastical promotion or dignity whatsoever, m virtue of such his admission as Deacon or Priest respectively, or of any qualification derived or supposed to be derived therefrom: Provided always, that no title to confer or present by lapse shall accrue by any avoidance or deprivation, ipso facto, by virtue of this Statute, but after six months’ notice of such avoidance or deprivation given by the Ordinary to the Patron.

II. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away any right of granting faculties heretofore lawfully exercised, and which now be lawfully exercised by the Archbishop of Canterbury or the Archbishop of Armagh.

45 Geo. III. c. 101.

9 G. II. c. 36.

§ 5. restraining Colleges from purchasing or holding Advowsons repealed.

[No. XXXIII.] 45 Geo. III. c. 101.—An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to restrain the Disposition of Lands, whereby the same become unalienable, as restrains Colleges within the two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge from purchasing or holding Advowsons, except as therein is provided. — [10th July, 1805.]

4 *y^TIEREAS it is amongst other things provided by an Act, passed in the ninth year of the reign et his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to restrain the disposition of Lands, 4 whereby the same become unalienable, that no college or house of leam- ing in either of the two Universities within that part of the United Kingdom called England, which doth or shall hold or enjoy so many advowsons of ecclesiastical benefices as are or shall be equal in number to one moiety of the fellows, or persons usually styled or reputed as fellows, or where there arc or shall be no fellows, or persons usually styled or reputed as fellows, to one moiety of the students upon the foundation whereof any such college or house of learning doth or may 1 by the present constitution of such college or house of learning consist, shall, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, be capable of purchasing acquiring receiving taking holding or enjoying, any other advowsons of ecclesiastical benefices by any means whatever, the advowsons of such cccle- siastical benefices as are annexed to or given for the benefit or better support of the headships of any of the said colleges or houses of learning not being computed in the number of advowsons hereby limited;

101

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy.

1 And whereas the above restriction has been found by experience to No.

* operate to the prejudice of such colleges or houses of learning, lw ren- XXXIII

* dering the succession too slow: And whereas the removal of such ff’1 restriction will be for the benefit of such colleges or houses of learn- wo. 111.

* ing, and of the said Universities, and will tend to the promotion of c« 101.

* learning and to the providing a better supply of fit and competent

* parochial ministersbe it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of the said Statute as is herein-before recited shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

[No. XXXIV.] 51 Geo. III. c. 115.—An Act for amending the Act Forty-third George Third, to promote the building, repairing, or otherwise providing the Churches and Chapels, and of Houses for the Residence of Ministers, and the providing of Church-yards and Glebes.—

[26th June, 1811.]

* TWHEREAS by an Act passed in the forty-third year of his present gj qco

* Majesty’s reign, intituled, An Act to promote the building repairing c. 115.

4 or otherwise providing of Churches and Chapelt, and of houses for 42 Geo. III. 4 the residence of Ministers, and the providing of Church-yards and Glebes: c. 100, § 1.

4 it was enacted, that every person and persons having in his or their own right any estate or interest in possession reversion or contingency of of in any lands or tenements, or of any property of or in any

* goods or chattels, should have full power licence and authority, by deed inrolled in such manner and within such time as is directed in

* England by the Statute majle in the twenty-seventh year of the reign 4 ofKing Henry the Eighth, and in Ireland by the Statute made in the tenth year of the reign of King Charles the First, for inrolment of bargains and sales; or by his her or their last will or testament in writing, duly executed according to law, such deed or such will or

* testament being duly executed three calendar months at least before the death of such grantor or testator, including the days of the execution and death, to give and grant to and vest in any person or persons,

* or body politic or corporate, and their heirs and successors respectively,

* all such nis her or their estate interest or property in such lands or

* tenements not exceeding five acres, or goods and chattels, or any part or parts thereof, not exceeding in value five hundred pounds, tor or towards the erecting rebuilding repairing purchasing or providing any church or chapel where the liturgy and rights of the said united church

* are or shall be used or observed, or any mansion house for the residence of any minister of the said united church, officiating or to offi *

* ciate in any such church or chapel, or of any'outbuildings offices churchyard or glebe for the same respectively, and to be for those purposes applied according to the will of the said benefactor in and by such deed inrolled, or by such will or testament executed as aforesaid expressed (the consent and approbation of the Ordinary being first ob* tained), and in default of such direction limitation or appointment, in such manner as shall be directed and appointed by the Patron and Ordinary, with the consent and approbation of the Parson Vicar or other Incumbent; and such person and persons, bodies politic and corporate, and their heirs and successors respectively, should have full capacity and ability to purchase receive take hold and enjoy for the purposes aforesaid, as well from such persons as shall be so charitably

* disposed to give the same, as from all other persons as shall be willing to sell or alien to such person or persons, bodies politic or corporate,

* any lands or tenements, goods or chattels, without any licence os writ of ad quod damnum: And whereas doubts have arisen whether

the powers and provisions of the said Act will enable his Majesty tyQ,

His Majesty may vest lands in any person for building or repairing church or cha-P*l. or house

Statute»relating to the Clergy. [Part.

make any such grant for the purposes before mentioned: And whereas it is expedient that the powers of the said Act should be extended for that purposebe it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, fey and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the King’s most excellent Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall have full power licence and authority, by deed or writing under the great seal, or under the seal of his duchy and county palatine of Lancaster, to give and grant and vest in any person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, and their heirs and successors respectively, all such his her or their estate interest or property in any lands or tenements within the survey of the Court of Exchequer, or of the duchy of Lancaster, for or towards the erecting rebuilding repairing

for residence of purchasing or providing any church or chapel where the liturgy and Minister. rites of the said united church are or shall be used or observed, or any mansion house for the residence of any minister of the said united church officiating or to officiate in any such church or chapel, or of any outbildings offices churchyard or glebe for the same respectively, ana to be for those purposes applied in and by such deed as aforesaid expressed, the consent and approbation of the Ordinary being first obtained, and such person and persons, bodies politic and corporate, and their heirs and successors respectively, shall have full capacity and ability to receive take hold and enjoy for the purposes aforesaid, any lands or tenements 9 H. III. <n 36. notwithstanding the Statute of Mortmain, or the Act of the first year of 1 Ann. Suit. 1. her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better support of c. 7. her Majesty's Household, and the honour and dignity of the Crown, or any

other Act or Acts, or other impediment or disability whatsoever: Pro-No Grant to vided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be conexceed five strued to extend to enable his Majesty his heirs and successors to

meres. grant more than five acres in any one grant for any of the purposes

aforesaid, or to alter or amend any of the- Provisions of the said Act of the forty-third year of his present Majesty which are not herein-before specially named and mentioned.

Any person H. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That it shall having Fee be lawful for any person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, seized Simple of Ma- of or entitled to the entire and absolute fee simple of any manor, by nor may grant deed under the hand and seal or hands and seals of any such person or five acres of persons, and under the seal or seals of any such body or bodies politic or waste for eede- corporate, and inrulted in the Court ofChanceiy, to grant to the Rector

siastical pur- Vicar or other minister of any parish church and his successors, or to the

Curate or Minister of any chapel and his successors, any parcel or parcels

of land not exceeding in the whole the quantity of five statute acres parcel of the waste of such manor, and lying within the parish where such church or chapel shall be or shall be intended to be erected, or within any extra parochial district wherein any such chapel shall be or shall be intended to be erected, for the purpose of erecting thereon or enlarging any such church or chapel, or for a church-yara or burying ground, or enlarging a church-yara or burying ground for such parish or extra-parochial place, or for a glebe for the Rector Vicar Curate or other minister of any such church or chapel, to erect a mansion house or other buildings thereon, or make other conveniences for the residence of such Rector Vicar Curate or other minister, freed and absolutely discharged of and from all rights of common thereon, and any statute prohibiting any alienation in mortmain, or other statute law or custom to Grants restrict- the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that no grant what-cd to Parochial soever shall be made of any land whatsoever for any of the purposes Churches or authorized by thi9 Act, unless the church or chapel for the benefit Chapels. whereof or of the minister whereof such grant shall be made shall be a parochial church or chapel for the service of the united church of England and Ireland, duly authorized by law, or a church or chapel duly consecrated for the service of such. church, or erected or to be erected for such purpose by and with the licence and consent of the ordinary of *• diocese wherein the seme shall be.

103

Class II.] Statutes relating the Clergy.

[No. XXXV.] 52 Geo. III. c. 146.—An Act for the No. XXXV;

better regulating and preserving Parish and other Re- 52 Geo. HI. . gisters of Births Baptisms Marriages and Burials in c. 146. England. — [28th July 1812.] v—

4 'WHEREAS the amending the manner and form of keeping and of 52 Geo. IIL 4 TT preserving registers of baptisms marriages and burials of his Ma- c. 146.

jesty’s subjects in the several parishes and places in England will greatly facilitate the proof of pedigrees of persons claiming to be enti- tied to real or personal estates, anu be otherwise of great public benefit and advantage •/ Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords spiritual and temporal and Commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the thirty-first day of Officiating M3-December one thousand eight hundred and twelve, registers of public nisters to keep and private baptisms marriages and burials, solemnized according to the Registers of rites of the united church of England and Ireland, within all parishes Public and Prior chapelries in England, whether subject to the ordinary or peculiar vate Baptisms or other jurisdiction, shall be made and kept by the Rector Vicar Curate of Marriages or officiating minister of every parish, (or of any chapelry where the Burial *, ceremonies of baptism marriage and burial have been usually and may according to law be performed) for the time bein* in books of parch- pushes to raent, or of good and durable paper, to be provided by his Majesty's provide suitable printer as occasion may require at the expence of the respective parishes Books for that or chapelries; whereon shall be printed upon each side of every leaf, purpose, the heads of information herein required to be entered in the registers of baptisms marriages and burials respectively, and every such entry shall be numbered progressively from the beginning to thotend of each book, the first entry to be distinguished by number one; and every such entry shall be divided from the entry next following by a printed line, according to the forms contained in the Schedules (A) (B) (C) hereto annexed; and every page of every such book shall be numbered with progressive numbers, the first page being marked with the number 1. in the middle of the upper part of such page and every subsequent page being marked in like manner with progressive numbers, from number 1. to the end of the book.

II. And, for better ensuring the regularity and uniformity of such King's Printer register books, be it further enacted, That a printed copy of this Act to transmit to together with one book so prepared as aforesaid, and adapted to the each parish a form of the register of baptisms prescribed in the Schedule (A) to this printed copy of Act annexed; and also one other book so prepared as aforesaid, and Act and Regis-adapted to the form prescribed for the register of marriages in the ter Books adapt* Schedule (B,) to this Act annexed; and also one other book so prepared *d.to form peer as aforesaid, and adapted to the form prescribed for the register of

burials in the Schedule (C) to this Act annexed, shall as soon as conveniently may be after die passing of this Act be provided and transmitted by his Majesty’s printer te the officiating ministers of the several parishes and chapelries in England respectively, who are hereby required te use and apply the same in and to foe purposes of this Act; and such books respectively shall be proportioned to the population of the several parishes and chapelries, according to the last return of such population made under the authority of Parliament; and other books of like form and quality shall for the like purposes he furnished from time to time by foe churchwardens or chapciwardens of every parish or chapelry, at the expence of foe said parish or cbapelry, whenever they shall be required by foe Rector Vicar Curate or officiating minister to provide the same; and all such books shall be of paper, unless requited to be of parchment by such churchwardens or chapciwardens respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That such registers shall be kept in Register! in se-euch separate books aforesaid, and that every such Rector Vicar Curate pants Register or officiating minister, shall as soon as possible after the solemnization Books.

of every baptism whether private or public, or burial mpecrively^iqpqt^ QI

104

No. XXXV.

52 Geo. III. c. 146.

Certificate of Baptism, &c. when performed in other place than Parish Church, &c. according to Schedule (D) Entry of Baptism, &c. distinguished accordingly.

Register Books kept in custody of officiating Ministers in Iron Chest, provided at expense of Parish.

Annual Copies of Registers made j and verified by Officiating Minister.

Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

and enter in a fair and legible hand-writing in the proper register book to be provided made and kept as aforesaid, the several particulars described in the several Schedules hereinbefore mentioned, and sign the same; and in no case, unless prevented by sickness or other unavoidable impediment, later than within seven days after the ceremony of*any such baptism or burial shall have taken place.

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever the ceremony of baptism or burial shall he performed in any other place than the parish church or churchyard of any parish (or the chapel or chapel yard of any chapelry, providing its own distinct registers) and such ceremony shall be performed by any minister not being the Rector Vicar Minister or Curate of such parish or chapelry, the minister who shall perform such ceremony of baptism or burial shall on the same or on the next day transmit to the Rector Vicar or oilier minister of such parish or chapelry or his Curate a certificate of such baptism or burial in the form contained in the Schedule (D.) to this Act annexed, and the Rector Vicar Minister or Curate of such parish or chapelry, shall thereupon enter such baptism or buiial according to such certificate in the book kept pursuant to this Act for such purpose; and shall add to such entry the following words, " According to the certificate of the Reverend

" transmitted to me on the day of

V. And be it further enacted, That the several books wherein such entries shall respectively be made, and all register books heretofore in use, shall be deemed to belong to every such parish or chapelry respectively, and shall* be kept by and remain in the power and custody of the Rector Vicar Curate or other officiating minister of each respective parish or chapelry as aforesaid, and shall be by him safely and securely kept in a dry well-painted iron chest, to be provided and repaired as occasion may require at the expence of the parish or chapelry, and which said chest containing the said books shall be constantly kept locked in some dry safe and secure place within the usual place of residence of such Rector Vicar Curate or other officiating minister, if resident within the parish or chapelry or in the parish church or chapel; and the said books shall net nor shall any of them be taken or removed from or out of the said chest at any time or for any cause whatever, except for the purpose of making such entries therein as aforesaid, or for the inspection of persons desirous to make search therein, or to obtain copies from or cut of the same, or to be produced as evidence in some court of law or equity, or to be inspected as to the state and condition thereof, or for some of the purposes of this Act; and that immediately after making such respective entries, or producing the said books respectively for the purposes aforesaid, the said Dooks shall forthwith again be safely and securely deposited in the said chest.

VI. And be it further enacted, That at the expiration of two months after the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and at the expiration of two months after the end of every subsequent year, fair copies of all the entries of the several baptisms marriages and burials which shall have been solemnized or shall have taken place within the year preceding, shall be made by the Rector Vicar Curate or other resident or officiating minister (or by the churchwardens chapelwardens clerk or other person duly appointed for the purpose, under and by the direction of such Rector Vicar Curate or other resident or officiating minister) on parchment, in the same form as prescribed in the Schedules hereunto annexed (to be provided by the respective parishes):and the contents of such copies shall be verified and signed in the form following by the Rector Vicar Curate or officiating minister of the parish or chapelry to which such respective register book shall appertain:

* T A. B. Rector [or, as the case may be] of the parish of C. [or, of the 1 chapelry of J).] in the county of £. do hereby solemnly declare,

4 That the several writings hereto annexed, purporting to be copies of the several entries contained in the several register books of baptisms

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy. 105

4 marriages and burials of the parish or chapelry aforesaid, from the No. XXXV. 4 day of to the day of *

4 are true copies of all the several entries in the said several register " 11*4 books respectively from the said clay of c

4 to the said day of and that no other entry

4 during such period is contained in any of such books respectively, are truly made according to thcl>est of my knowledge and belief.

4 Signed A. B.f

Which declaration shall be fairly written without any stamp on the said copy immediately after the last entry therein; and the signature to such declaration shall be attested by the churchwardens or chapelwardcns, or one of them, of the parish or chapelry to which such register books shall belong.

VII. And be it further enacted, That copies of the said register books Annual Copies verified and attested as aforesaid shall, whether such parish or chapelry of Register shall be subject to the ordinary peculiar or other jurisdiction, be trans- Books transmitted by such churchwardens or chapelwardens alter they or one of netted to Re- ' them shall have signed the same by the post to the registrars of each V*Ta otdio-diocese in England within which the church or chapel shall be situated, ccse *

on or before the first day of June one thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and on or before the first day of June in every subsequent year.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the registrar of every diocese in Registrars to England shall, on or before the first day of July one thousand eight make Reports hundred and fourteen, and on or before the first day of July in every* to Bishops subsequent year, make a report to the Bishop of such diocese whether whether Copies the copies of the registers of the baptisms marriages and burials in the h* been sent several parishes and places within such diocese have been sent to such "*• registrar in the manner and within the time herein required; and in the

event of any failure of the transmission of the copies of the registers as herein required by the churchwardens and chapelwardens of any parish or chapelry in England, the registrar shall state the default of the parish or chapelry specially in his report to the Bishop.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Rector, Vicar or Officiating MU other officiating Minister or Curate of any parish or chapelry shall msterneglecting neglect or refuse to verify and sign such copies of such several register to verify Copies books, and tuch declaration as aforesaid, so that the churchwardens or of Register chapelwardens shall not be able to transmit the same as required by Books, Churcfi-this Act, such churchwardens or chapelwardens shall within the time 'TJrd?n?1t? cer~ required by this Act for the transmission thereof certify such default to dt£ault* the registrar of the diocese within which such parish or chapelry shall

be, who shall specially state the same in his report to the Bishop of such diocese.

X. And for the obtaining of returns and registers of baptisms and Places where burials in extra-parochial places in England, where there is no church or no Church, chapel, be it further enacted, That in alT cases of the baptism of any child, Memorandum.

•or the burial of any person in any extra-parochial place in England, ac- of Baptisms, cording to the rites of the established church, where there is no church &cv^5li.vefed or chapel, it shall be lawful for the officiating minister, writhin one month Officiating after such baptism or burial, to deliver to the Rector Vicar or Curate of such . .1IV*tepa. parish immediately adjoining to the place in which such baptism or burial JoinmS shall take place as the Ordinary shall direct, a memorandum of such baptism or burial signed by such parent of the child baptized, or a memorandum nf such burial signed by the person employed about the same, together with two, of the persons attending the same, according as the nature of the case may respectively require; and every such memorandum respectively shall contain all such particulars as are hereinbefore required; and every such memorandum delivered to the Rector Vicar or Curate of any such adjoining parish or chapelry, shall be entered in the register of his parish, and form a part thereof.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the superscription upon all letters &c.

and packets containing the copies of such parish or other registers, to be containing Annul! CopiM of Registers Books fret of postage.

106 Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part L

No. XXXV. transmitted by the post to die several offices of the said registrars as afore-p p tit shall be endorsed and signed by the churchwardens or chapelwardens 52 «eo. Ul. of every respective parish ana chapelry in England, in the form contained

e. 146. in Schedule (E); and that all such letters and packets shall be carried and conveyed by means of his Majesty's post-office to and be delivered at the offices of the said registrars, without postage or other charge being paid or payable for the same.

Annual Copies XII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as the copies of Register of the said register books of baptisms marriages and burials as aforesaid. Books when and also the said lists of births baptisms marriages or burials as aforesaid,

transmitted to shall be transmitted to the office of the said registrars respectively as Registrars, kept aforesaid, pursuant to the directions hereinbefore contained tor that pur-from damage, pose, the said registrars shall respectively cause all the said books and lists to be safely and securely deposited, kept and preserved from damage or destruction by fire or otherwise, and to be carefully arranged for the Alphabetical purpose of being resorted to as occasion may require; and the said regisLisr. trars respectively shall also cause correct alphabetical lists to be made and

kept in books suitable to the purpose, of the names of all persons and places mentioned in such books and lists as shall have been transmitted to the said registrars respectively, which alphabetical lists and books and also the copies of registers and lists so transmitted to the said registrars as aforesaid shall be open to public search at all reasonable times on payment of the usual fees.

Report to Privy XIII. And whereas in many dioceses the places wherein the copies of Council on or the parochial registrars of baptisms marriages and burials as well as the

before first of original wills proved within the same respectively are kept, are insuffiMsrch 1313, 4 cient for their being preserved with due care; for w*hich a remedy

respecting pro- < should be applied in those dioceses where it shall be found necessary; *

per Places for be jt further enacted, That in order to a due examination thereof, the preservation of Bishop together with the Custodes Rotuiorvm of the several counties within Copies of Re- g^h diocese and the Chancellor thereof, shall before the first day of wdlas Original February one thousand eight hundred and thirteen cause a careful survey Wills in each to ma<*e t^e several places in which the parochial registers and the

Diocese and w^8 proved within the diocese are kept; and shall make a report to his

for Remunera- Majesty's most honourable Privy Council of the state of the same, on or tion of Regis- before the first day of March following, setting forth in each case whether tnn* Officers, the buildings are in all respects fit and proper for the preservation of papers of the above description, as well with respect to space as to security from fire and to protection from damp, ana if not at what probable expence they can be made so; and where the instruments and papers beforementioned are kept in dwelling-houses or other places, which cannot be made fit and secure for the due preservation thereof, then and in such cases the persons before named shall enquire and report in like manner at what expence proper buildings may be provided and in what places, so as to have one place within each diocese for the due preservation of all such registers and wills; together with their opinion upon the most suitable, mode of remunerating the officers employed in each registry for their additional trouble and expence in carrying the provisions of this Act into execution, (l)

False entries, or XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall knowingly

ftte Copies of wilfully insert or cause or permit to be inserted in any such register Entries, or al- book baptisms burials or marriages as aforesaid, or m any such rirter-Bodc coP7 an? suc*1 register so directed to be transmitted to the registrar as aforesaid, or in any such lists or declarations also directed to be transmitted to such registrars as aforesaid, any false entry of any matter or tiling relating to any baptism burial or marriage, or shall falsely make alter forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure or wilfully permit to be falsely mode altered forged or counterfeited any part of any such register list or declaration or of any such copy of any such register; or shall wilfully destroy deface or injure or cause or procure or permit to be destroyed defaced or Beared any such register book, or any part thereof: or snail

yj No&sthfir LegiaUtive Fxenrioos hsvt ton yet made in pursuance of this Clause.—(Feb. 1*0

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy- 107

knowingly and wilfully sign or certify any copy of any such register, No. XXXV. hereby required to be transmitted as aforesaid, which shall be false in any p _ part thereof, knowing the same to be false; every person so offending and being thereof lawfully convicted shall be deemed and adjudged to be c* guilty of felony, and shall be transported for the term of fourteen years.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Rector Vicar Curate Transportation, or Officiating Minister of any parish or chapel, who shall discover any persons com. error to have been committed in the form or substance of the entry in the mitting acci-rerister book of any such baptism burial or marriage respectively by him dental errors solemnized, shall be liable to all or any of the penalties herein-men- not affected, if tioned, (2) if he shall within one calendar month after the discovery of duly corrected such error, in the presence of the parent or parents of the child whose according to baptism may have been entered in such register, or the parties married, truth of case, or in the presence of two persons who shall have attended at any burial,

or in case of the death or absence of the respective parties aforesaid, then in the presence of the churchwardens or chapelwardens, (who shall respectively attest the same) alter and correct the entry which shall have been found erroneous, according to the truth of the case, by entry in the margin of the book wherein suen erroneous entry shall have been made, without any alteration or obliteration of the original entry, and shall sign such entry in the margin, and add to such signature the aay of the month -and year when such correction shall be made: provided also, that in the fair copy of the registers respectively which shall be transmitted to the registrars of the dioceses, the said Hector Vicar Curate or officiating Minister shall certify the alterations so made by him as aforesaid.

XVI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall in Fees heretofore any manner diminish or increase the fees heretofore payable or of right payable

due to any minister for the performance of any of the before-mentioned .

duties, or to any minister "or registrar for giving copies of such regis- Proviso trations, but that all due legal and accustomed fees on such occasions, and all powers and remedies for recovery thereof, shall be and remain as though this Act had not been made.

XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no duplicate or copy of Copy of Regis-any register of baptism marriage or burial, made under the directions ter Bodes not and for the purposes of this Act, shall be chargeable with any stamp subject to duty thereon:any Act now in force to the contrary thereof in any wise stamp duty, notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, Hurt one half of the amount of Application of all fines or penalties to be levied in pursuance of this Act shall go to the Penalties, person who shall inform or sue for the same; and the remainder of such

fines as shall be imposed on any churchwarden or chapelwarden shall go to the poor of the parish or place for which such churchwarden or chapelwarden shall serve; and the remainder of such fines as shall be imposed on any Rector Vicar Minister or Curate or Registrar, shall be paid aarl applied to such charitable purposes in the county within which the parish or place shall Ire as shall be appointed and directed by the Bishop of the diocese. (3.)

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Rector Vicar Curate or Lot of extant officiating Minister of every parish and chapelry in England, whether Register Books subject to the ordinary peculiar to other jurisdiction, shall transmit to transmitted to the registrar of the diocese in which the parish or chapelry shall be Registrar before situated, before the first day of June one thousand eight hundred and fin* Jun* thirteen, a list of all registers which now are in such parish or chapelry 18Irrespectively, stating the periods at which they respectively commence

and terminate, the periods (if any) for which they are deficient, and the places shue they arc deposited,

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions Act to extend in this Act shall extend, so far as circumstances witi permit, to cathe- to Churches

and Chapelt a

(2) There are no penalties, except the felo- inadvertence in the composition of Acts of PSa-nies for wilful acts in the preceding Section, lament, then being no ones m penalties to which See Note to Sec. 18. the Provirion can be applied.

(*) Thia-Scctian affords*amgnlariaataace of HJig'taeffiy *

108 Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

No. XXXV. dral and collegiate churches and chapels of colleges or hospitals, and C nr burying grounds belonging thereto; and to the ministers who shall 1Art 1 officiate in such cathedral or collegiate churches and chapels of colleges c. 146. or hospitals and burying grounds respectively, and shall baptize marry or bury any person or persons, although such cathedral or collegiate churches or chapels of colleges or hospitals, or the burying grounds belonging thereto, may not be parochial, or the ministers officiating therein may not be as such parochial ministers, and there shall be no churchwarden or churchwardens thereof; and in all such cases the books hereinbefore directed to be provided; shall be provided at the expence of the body having right to appoint the officiating minister in every such cathedral or collegiate church or chapel of a college or hospital1.; and copies thereof shall be transmitted to the registrar of the diocese within which such cathedral or collegiate church or chapel of a college or hospital shall be by the officiating minister of such church in like ’manner as is herein directed with respect to parochial ministers, and shall be attested by tw'o of the officers of such church college or hospital, as the the copies of parochial registers are herein directed to be attested by churchwardens: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to repeal any provision contained in an Act passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for better preventing Clandestine Marriages. (4.)

(4) It would be desirable to make some provision' for the authentic registration of births, deaths, and marriages, which, by reason of dissent from the Established Church, are not included in the purview of this Act. The duty formerly imposed upon baptism, dec. was in this respect useful,

although on other accounts properly repealed* There are some very judicious provisions respecting registry in the Code Napoleon, under the tide " Acts of Civil State." Great attention was paid to public registers in France previous to the Revolution.

SCHEDULES to which this Jet refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

1.

BAPTISMS solemnized in the Parish of St. A. in the County of B. in the Year One Thousand Eight Hundred and Thirteen.

When baptised. Child's Christian Name. Parents’ Name. Abode. Quality, Trade, or Profession. By whom the Ceremony was performed.

Christian. Surname.

1813. 1st February No. 1. John Son of William Elisabeth Lambeth.

3d March No. 2. Ann Daughter of Henry Martha. Fulham,

Class II.]

Statutes relating to the Clergy.

SCHEDULE (B.)

109

1.

MARRIAGES solemnized in the Parish of St. A. in the County of B. in the Year One Thousand Eight Hundred and Thirteen.

{, }Parish

and C. D. of { JJ? } Parish

» — {3$ Mfc. tiZZ'U

this Day ox in the Year

C Rector By me, I, I. < Vicar

L Curate J

This Marriage was solemnized C A. B. between us \ C. D.

In the Presence of

SCHEDULE (C.)

1.

BURIALS in the Parish of A. in the County of B. in the Year One Thousand Eight Hundred and Thirteen.

Name. Abode. When buried. Age. By whom the Ceremony was performed.

John Wilton Duke Street, Westminster, 1813. lit May. 62

Not 1.

SCHEDULE (D.)

T do hereby certify, that I did on the day of

baptize according to the Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland, Son (or Daughter) of and

tits Wife, by the Name of

To the Rector [or, as the case may be] of

J do hereby certify, that on the day of

A. B. of aged was buried in

[stating the Place of Burial] and that the Ceremony of Burial was performed according to the Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland, by me,

To the Rector [or, as the case may be] of

110

Statutes relating to the Clergy

SCHEDULE (E.)

[Part I

To the Registrar of the Diocese of at

A. B. ? Churchwardens (or Chapelwardens) of the Parish (or Chapelry) of C. D.)[or such other description as the Case

shall require.]

[No. XXXVI.] 53 Geo. III. c. 149.—An Act for the further Support and Maintenance of Stipendiary Curates.

[20th 1813.]

[Repealed by 57 Geo. 3. c. 149. infra.]

54G.IIIx.175. 43G. IIl. c.84.

2lH.VIII.clS

6SG. III. c.149

Actions for Penalties under firtt recited Act not to be commenced before 1st May after expiration of the Year.

Bishops empowered to punish past Non. residence.

[No. XXXVII.] 54 Geo. HI. c. 175.—An Act to explain and amend several Acts relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the Residence of such Persons on their Benefices in England for One Year, and from thence until Six Weeks after the Meeting of the then next Session of Parliament/

[30th July, 1814].

YIWHEREAS an Act was passed in the forty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices in England:And whereas certain of the provisions of the said Act have been found inconvenient; and it is expedient that the said Act be amended, and that further provision be made for the better carrying into execution the purposes thereof: And whereas it is also expedient to amend certain provisions contained in an Act, passed in the {wenty-tirst year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled Spiritual Persons abridged from taking Pluralities of Livings and from taking of Farms: and also in an Act passed in the last Session, intituled An Act for the further support and maintenance of Stipendiary Curates; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no action of debt bill plaint or information against any spiritual person, for the recovery of any penalties or forfeitures under or by virtue of the said first recited Act, shall be commenced or filed in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or the Court of Great Sessions in Wales, until the first day of May after the expiration of the year in which any alledged offence against the said Act snail have taken place.

II. And whereas it is expedient that the Archbishops and Bishops of their respective dioceses should be further empowered to punish past nonresidence, as well as to compel residence in futurebe it enacted, That in all cases in which any spiritual person shall have become subject to any penalty or forfeiture for any non-residence, it shall be lawful for the Archbishop or Bishop within whose diocese such penalty or forfeiture shall have arisen, to proceed against such spiritual person for such past non-residence; and to levy the penalties incurred thereby under the said first recited Act as amended by this Act, by monition and sequestration.

• Continued by the Statutes enumerated below. ize

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy.

and to direct the application thereof in like manner, and subject to the same regulations, and with like powers of remitting or ordering the repayment of any part of such penalties, as is directed or allowed in the said Act, in cases of non-compliance with any order for residence.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Archbishop or Bishop may levy any costs, charges, or penalties by this Act imposed upon any spiri- ' tual person, subject to his jurisdiction or locally situate therein, who shall under the provisions of the said first recited Actor this Act become liable thereto, in the same manner as any costs may be levied upon any spiri- n^ee *ad tual person by any Archbishop or Bishop under the provisions of the said QOKtM Act, and may order the application of such penalties in such manner as qUe*tration. is by the said Act directed concerning any money levied by sequestration.

IV. And be it also enacted, That every penalty under the first reciting Pentlties not Act, or this Act, in respect of which no proceeding shall have been had

by monition for the recovery thereof before the first day of May after

the same shall have been. incurred, may be recovered and applied by rfcovercd by , c~

action or suit, in like manner as the penalties for non-residence are tlon *

directed to be recovered and applied by any action or suit under the^aid

first recited Act and this Act.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Penoni may

for any spiritual person to appeal-against any proceedings had under the appeal a* under provisions of this Act, in the same manner as is directed in relation to th« Act of 48 any appeal imder die said first recited Act. 84.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every case in Penatafci may which any Archbishop or Bishop shall think proper, under all the cir- be remitted, cumstances thereof, after proceeding by monition fur the recovery of any

penalty under the said first recited Act or under this Act, to remit the whole or any part of the said penalty, such Archbishop shall forthwith transmit to his Majesty in council, anil such Bishop shall transmit to the Archbishop of the province to which he belongs, a list of such cases as have occurred in his or their respective dioceses, specifying the nature and special circumstances of each case, and the reasons lor the said remission, in the same manner as is directed in relation to the licences for non-residence granted in non-enumerated cases, under the said first recited Act; and it shall thereupon be lawful for his Majesty in Council, or for the said Archbishop, as the case may be, to allow or disallow such remission in whole or in part, in the same manner as the allowance or disallowance of the said licences for non-residence is provided for by the said Act; the decision of the said Archbishop, with respect to cases transmitted to him from any such Bishop, to be final.

VII. And whereas doubts have been entertained, whether penalties Penalties not and forfeitures imposed by the said first recited Act might not be re* recoverable for covered for more than one year, be it declared and enacted, That no ore d*0 One penalties or forfeitures shall be recovered by any proceeding or action, Tear.

other and further than those to which such spiritual persons may be liable under the provisions of the said Act, for any offence alleged to have been committed against the provisions of the said Act or this Act during the year ending on the thirty-first day of December immediately preceding the commencement of such proceeding or action.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That for all the purposes of the said The Year for first recited Act and of this Act the year shall be deemed to commence Purposes of this on the first day of January, and be reckoned therefrom to the thirty-first Act to corn-day of December, both inclusive; and all licences granted under the said menca

Act, other than such as shall be granted for periods less than a year on and

account of illness or other temporary cause, shall be granted to commence anJ

and terminate at such respective periods as aforesaid, for the year or years exceptCfor for which they shall be granted; save, and except such as it may be neces- Causes "

sary to grant for the remainder of any year after the expiration of any to be granted licence now subsisting. accordingly.

IX. *And be it further enacted, That for all the purposes of the said Calendar

first recited Act and of this Act, the months therein named shall be Months to be taken to be calendar months; except in any case in which any month or taken for the months are to be made up of different periods less than a month; and (In (Purposes of the every such case thirty days shall be deemed a month. Igitl e y 1

112

No. XXXVII. 54 Geo. III. c. 175.

Repealing the provision of former Act as to Persons neglecting to notify cause of exemption, and imposing a penalty of 20/.

So much of 53 Geo. III. c. 149. as enacts the I n-cumbents neglecting to notify the death of Curate shall lose his exemption, repealed, and penalty of 20A imposed.

In cases of no House of residence, what should be deem-a Residency.

House* purchased by Governors of GL Anne’s Bounty to be deemed Residences.

' Sinecure Rectories.

Continuance of Act.

Satutes relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

X. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said first recited Act as enacts, That any person neglecting to notify any reason of any exemption from residence for which it is not necessary to obtain a licence shall not be deemed to be entitled to the benefit of such exemption, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and from and after the passing of this Act, every spiritual person having lawful cause of exemption from residence under the said Act, or any other Act, and being nonresident, who shall neglect to make such notification thereof, as in the said Act is directed, shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds, to he levied by sequestration if not otherwise paid after monition to pay the same, of the profits of the benefice donative perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry for which he shall claim exemption from residence, by the Archbishop or Bishop of the diocese to whom the notification ought to be made, to be applied as he may direct to useful and charitable purposes, with the like power of remitting or ordering the re-payment of any part of such penalties, as is directed or allowed in the said Act, in cases of non-compliance with an order for residence.

Xt. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act passed in the last session of Parliament, intituled An Act for the further Support and Maintenance of Stipendiary Curates as enacts, that every incumbent of or person holding any beneficedonative perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry who docs not nor shall not duly reside thereon (except as therein excepted) and who shall, for the period of three months after the death or resignation of any Curate who has served his church or chapel, neglect to notify to the Bishop of the diocese such death or resignation, shall forfeit and lose all the benefit of any dispensation or exemption from residence or licence for non-residence, and be subject and liable to such and the like penalties for non-residence, as if he had no such dispensation exemption from residence or licence for non-residence, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and from and after the passing of this Act, every such person shall for such neglect forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to be levied applied and remitted in like manner as is hereinbefore provided with respect to the neglect of notifying exemptions from residence.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every spiritual person having any benefice donative perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry, and who shall not have nor during any part of his incumbency have had any house of residence thereon, and who shall have resided nine months in the year within the limits of his benefice donative perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry, shall not be liable to any penalties on account of nonresidence, nor be obliged to take out any licence therefore; but that the same shall be deemed a legal residence to all the intents and purposes of the said first recited Act and this Act; and in all returns made by the Bishops persons so residing shall be returned as resident.

XIII. And whereas the governors of Queen Anne’s bounty have in some instances purchased or may hereafter purchase houses not situate within the parishes for which they are purchased, but so contiguous as to he equally convenient and suitable for the residence of the officiating ministers thereof; be it enacted, That such houses having been previously approved by the Archbishop or Bishop, by writing under his hand, * shall be deemed parsonage houses appertaining to such livings to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted, that in all cases of sinecure rectories having vicarages endowed, the residence of the Vicar in the rectory house shall be deemed a sufficient legal residence to all intents and pusposes whatever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in force for one year, and from thence until six weeks after the meeting of the then next Session of Parliament.

Class II.] .

113

Statutes relating to the Clergy.

No.

[No. XXXVIII.] 56 Geo. III. c. 147.—An Act for ena- XXXVIII. bling Spiritual Persons to exchange the Parsonage or 55 Geo. III. Glebe Houses or Glebe Lands, belonging to their c. 147. Benefices, for others of greater Value, or more conveniently situated for their Residence and Occupation; and for annexing such Houses and Lands, so taken in Exchange, to such Benefices as Parsonage or Glebe Houses and Glebe Lands, and for purchasing and annexing Lands to become Glebe in certain cases, and for other Purposes. — [6th July 1815].

4 VV" HERE AS in divers ecclesiastical benefices perpetual curacies and parochial chapelries, the glebe lands or some part or parts thereof,

* 4 lie at a distance from and are inconvenient to he occupied with the parsonage or glebe houses, and the parsonage or glebe houses of divers benefices perpetual curacies and parochial chapelries are mean and inconvenient; and it would often tend much to the comfort and ac- commodadon and thereby also to promote the residence of the Incumbents of such benefices perpetual curacies and parochial chapelries, if the glebe lands and parsonage or glebe houses thereof could be by law exchanged for other lands of greater value or more conveniently situated, and for other and more convenient houses: and whereas there are also divers lands and tenements which have been accustomed to be granted or demised by the Incumbent for the time being of certain ecclesiastical henetices perpetual curacies or parochial chapelries, for one two or three lives, or for a term or terms of years absolutely or determinable on a life or lives, as being holden by copy of Court Roll or otherwise, under some manor or lordship belonging to such benefices perpetual curacies or parochial chapelries, and it would therefore be advantageous to the said benefices if the same lands and tenements, or some of them, or some part thereof, were annexed ai glebe to the living or benefice to which they belongMay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and power to ex. after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the Parson Vicar or change Parson-other Incumbent for the time being, of any ecclesiastical benefice perpe age Houses tual curacy or parochial chapeiry by deed indented, and to be registered and Glebe in manner herein-after mentioned, and with the consent of the Patron Lands for other of such benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapeiry, and of the Houses and Bishop of the diocese wherein the same is locally situate (to be signified Lands, as herein-after is mentioned,) to grant and convey to any person or persons, and to his her or their heirs and assigns or otherwise, as he or they shall direct or appoint, or to any corporation sole or aggregate, and his or their successors, the parsonage or glebe house, and the outbuildings yards gardens and appurtenances thereof, and the glebe lands, and any pastures feedings or rights of common or way appendant appurtenaut or in gross, or any or either of such house outbuildings yards gardens and glebe lands pastures feedings or rights of common or way, or any part or parts thereof belonging to any such benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapeiry in lieu of and in exchange for any house outbuildings yards gardens and appurtenances, and any lands or any or either of them, whether lying within the local limits of such benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapeiry or not, but so as that the same be situate conveniently for actual residence or occupation by the Incumbent thereof; the same also being of greater value or more conveniently situated than the premises so to lie given in exchange, and being of freehold tenure, or being copyhold of inheritance, or for life or lives holden of any manor belonging to the same benefice, and also for the Parson Vicar or Vql. I. I

114

No.

XXXVIII.

55 Geo. III. c. 147.

Premises given in el-change to be subject to the seme Tithes Ac. c. as those taken in exchange (except in certain cases.)

Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

Incumbent for the .time being of the same benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry, by the same or a like deed and with the like consent, and testified as aforesaid, to accept and take in exchange to him and his successors for ever, from any person or persons or corporation sole or aggregate, any other house outbuildings yards gardens easements and appurtenances, and any‘other lands or any or either of such house out* buildings yards gardens lands easements and appurtenances, the same respectively being of freehold tenure or being copyhold of inheritance, or for life or lives holden of any manor belonging to the same benefice, and being of greater value or more conveniently situated in lieu of and in exchange for such parsonage or glebe house outbuildings yards gardens glebe lands and appurtenances, and such pastures feedings and rights of common or way, or any or either of them so to be granted and conveyed, and which said house outbuildings yards gardens lands and appurtenances so to be accepted and taken in exchange by any Parson Vicar or other Incumbent, shall for ever, from and after such grant and conveyance thereof, be the parsonage and glebe house and glebe lands ' and premises of the said benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and shall become annexed to the said benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and be holden and enjoyed by such Incumbent and his successors accordingly, without any licence or writ of Ad quad damnum; and that the whole or any part or parts of the said house outbuildings lands and premises so to be annexed, which before such annexation were of copyhold tenure, shall for ever, from and after such annexation, become and be of freehold tenure, the Statute of Mortmain, or any other statute or law to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to authorize the granting or conveying in exchange by any Parson Vicar or other Incumbent, cither at one and the same time, and by one and the same Incumbent, or at different times, and by several Incumbents, and in several portions, any greater quantity in the whole than thirty statute acres of the glebe lands of any benefice perpetual curacy or parochial ehanelry: Provided also, that 'in all cases when such exchange shall be made by any owner or owners having any less estate or interest than in fee simple of or in the messuage buildings lands and premises so to be by him her «>r them granted or conveyed in exchange, or being any corporation aggregate or sole, or person or persons under any legal disability, the parsonage house outbuildings and glebe lands respectively to be so taken in exchange as aforesaid, shall at the time of making such exchange be of equal value with, or not of less value than the said messuage buildings lands and premises respectively so to be granted and conveyed in exchange to suen Parson Vicar or other Incumbent.

II. Provided always, That in all cases where the lands or any part or parts thereof to be conveyed in exchange to any Parson Vicar or Incumbent, and to be annexed as glebe to any benefice perpetual duracy or parochial chapelry, under the authority of this Act, shall either separately or jointly with other lands or tenements be, at the time of such conveyance by any means whatsoever, exempt or discharged from the render of tithes in kind, or subject to or covered by any modus composition real or prescription in lieu of tithes in kind, then the lands or premises to be conveyed in exchange by such Parson Vicar or Incumbent, and which before such exchange were glebe of or belonging to the same benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry, shall, (unless it be agreed between the parties to such exchange that the same shall become and be subject to the render or payment of tithes in kind) from and immediately after such conveyance in exchange (in case such first mentioned lands are situate in the same parish vicarage or parochial chapelry, with the said lands or premises before glebe thereof, or belonging thereto, but not otherwise) become and be either exempt or discharged from tithes in kind, in 'like manner with or (as the case may be) subject to or covered by the same modus composition real or "jwescnption in lieu of tithes in kind, as the lands so to be conveyed in exchange said

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy.

Parson Vicar or Incumbent wore'exempt or discharged from, or subject to, or covered by, before such exchange was made.

IIT. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Incumbent of any benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry, wherein or in respect whereof any such exchange as is authorized by this Act shall have taken place, or his successors, snail at any time thereafter be evicted or ejected from the peaceable and quiet possession and enjoyment of the house outbuildings lands and premises or any of them, which shall have been granted and conveyed in exchange to such Incumbent, according to the provisions of this Act, by or by reason or in consequence of any person or persons or corporation sole or aggregate claiming right thereto, through any title prior to that of or through any defect of title of the person or persons or corporation sole or aggregate granting or conveying the same in exchange; but nevertheless mat it shall and may be lawful for such person or persons or corporation claiming such right, and lie she or they is and are hereby authorized and empowered to have use exercise and enjoy all such and the same powers and remedies in trying his her or their right to and in obtaining and recovering possession of any house outbuildings land and premises or any of them, which shall have been granted in exchange by any such Incumbent, as the person or persons or corporation sole or aggregate, so claiming would, in case this Act had not been made, have been enabled to use exercise and enjoy in trying the right to and in recovering and obtaining possession of the house outbuildings lands and premises or any of them, in exchange for which the same shall have been so granted and conveyed by any such Incumbent under the authority of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful to and for the Parson Vicar or other Incumbent of any ecclesiastical benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry, of or to which benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry any manor or lordship is parcel or appurtenant, and as parcel of or belonging to which manor or lordship any lands or tenements are or have been usually granted or demised, or grantable or demisable by copy of court roll or otherwise, for any life or lives, or for any term or number of years absolutely or determinable on any life or lives by <leed indented (and to be registered as hereinafter mentioned) with the consent of the Patron and Bishop (to be testified as hereinafter mentioned) to annex to the said benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry, as and for glebe land or parsonage or glebe house or houses and buildings thereof, all or any part or parts ot such lands or tenements, whether lying within the local limits of such benefice perpetual curacy or parochial cfiapelry or not, and that from and after such annexation the said lands and tenements so annexed shall cease to be thereafter grantable or demisable by any Incumbent of the said benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry (otherwise than as glebe lands are or shall be by law grantable or demisable,) but shall from thenceforth be and become, and be deemed and taken to be the glebe'lands and parsonage or glebe house or houses of and annexed to such benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry for ever, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, wilnout any licence or writ of Ad quod damnum, the Statute of Mortmain, or any other statute or law to the contrary notwithstanding:Provided always, that no sui h annexation shall in anywise annul determine or affect any grant or demise then .previously made and actually existing of the said lands and tenements so to be annexed as last aforesaid.

V. And whereas it is expedient to enlarge and amend the laws now in being for providing parsonage houses with suitable outbuildings and other accommodations tor the residence of the clergy by way of benefaction, be it further enacted, That where there shall be no existing parsonage or glebe house on any ecclesiastical benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry, or where the existing parsonage or glebe house or the outbuildings thereof, on any such benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry, shall be inconvenient or too small or incommodiously

115

No. XXXVIII. 55 Geo. III. c. 147.

After the exchange the Incumbent not to be evicted.

Power to annex Premise* belonging to Manors, and heretofore grantable and demisable as Copyhold or otherwise.

Such annexations not to annul existing Grants or Demises.

Power to annex Parsonage Houses, &c. by Benefaction.


by '

116

Ko.

XXXVIII.

65 Geo. III. c. 147.

Recital of Statute

17 G. 8. c. 55.

SI G. 8. c. 06.

Power to pur* chue Land,

Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part L

situate, it shall be lawful front and after the passing of this Act for any person or persons, being owners in fee simple, or for any corporation sole or aggregate, with or without confirmation as the case may require, and by and with such consent, and to be signified as hereinafter mentioned of the Incumbent Patron and Bishop, to give grant and convey by deed indented, and to be registered as hereinafter is mentioned to any Parson Vicar or other Incumbent of such benefice curacy or chapelry for the time being, who shall also have power to accept the same, any messuage outbuildings yard garden orchard and croft, or any of them, with their appurtenances, or any right of way or other easement, whether lying within the local limits of such benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry or not, but so as that the same be conveniently situate for actual residence or occupation by the Incumbent thereof; and which messuage outbuildings yara garden orchard and croft, with their appurtenances or right of way or other easement, shall for ever from and after such grant and conveyance thereof be and become annexed to and be deemed and taken to be the parsonage or glebe house outbuildings yard garden orchard croft appurtenances and right of way, or other easement of the said benefice curacy or chapelry, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and be holden and enjoyed by the said Incumbent and his successors accordingly, without any licence or writ of Ad quod damnum, the statute of Mortmain, or any other statute or law to the contrary notwithstanding; and from and after such grant and annexation it shall be lawful for the Incumbent for the time being of the said benefice curacy or chapelry to which such grant and annexation shall have been made (with the consent in writing of such Patron and Bishop under their hands and seals to be duly registered as hereinafter is mentioned,) to take down and remove any parsonage or glebe house and outbuildings or any part thereof, which before such annexation belonged to the said benefice curacy or chapelry (if the same or part thereof cannot be better applied to the permanent advantage of such benefice curacy or chapelry,) and with the like consent as aforesaid, to apply the materials or the produce thereof, if sold, towards some lasting improvement of the said benefice curacy or chapelry: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to enable any persons being infants or lunatics or femes covert without their husbands, to make any such gift grant or conveyance; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas an Act was passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act to promote the Residence of of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more speedy and effectual building, re-building, repairing, or purchasing Houses, and other necessary buildings and Tenements, for the Use of their Benefices: And whereas one other Act was passed in the twenty-first year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His piescnt Majesty, intituled An Act to promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making provision for the 1 more speedy and effectual building re-building repruring or purchasing Houses and other necessary Buildings and Tenements for the Use of their Bene- ficesf And whereas there are many ecclesiastical benefices perpetual curacies and parochial chapelries to which no glebe land or only a small portion of glebe land is belonging, and it is therefore expedient to enable the making provision by purchase, for the annexation of glebe land to such beuefices, perpetual curacies and parochial chapelries; be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the Parson Vicar orother Incumbent for the time being, of any ecclesiastical benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry, the existing glebe whereof shall not exceed five statute acres, with the consent of the Patron and Bishop, to he signified as herein-after mentioned, to purchase any lands not exceeding in the whole twenty statute acres, with the necessary out-buildings thereon, whether being within the local limits of the said benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry or not, but so as that the same tie situate conveniently for building a parsonage or a

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy. 117

glebe house and out-buildings, and for gardens and glebe thereof,; or for No. any of the said purposes, and for actual residence ami occupation by the YYY TT|> incumbent thereof, such land being of freehold tenure, or being copyhold XXXVIII. of inheritance, or for life or lives, holden of any manor or lordship be- 55 Geo. III. longing to the same benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry; and c. 147-which lands so purchased shall for ever, from and after the grant and 1 t— ' conveyance thereof, be and become annexed to and glebe of such bene- to be annexed fice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry, to all intents and purposes to Benefices as whatsoever, and be holden and enjoyed by such Incumbent and his sue- Glebe Land cessors accordingly, without any licence or writ of Ad quod damnum; and thereof, the whole or any part or parts of the said lands which before such an- Copyhold Land nexation, were or was of copyhold tenure shall for ever, from and after so purchased to such annexation become and be of freehold tenure; the statute of Mort- be holden as main or any other statute or law to the contrary notwithstanding. Freehold;

VII. And, for the better effectuating such purchases as aforesaid, be it tna by Mort-further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Parson Vicar or other gage of the Incumbent for the time being, with the consent of the Patron and Bishop Tithes, &c.

(to be signified as herein-after is mentioned), to borrow and take up at to raise s Sum interest (over and besides the monies authorized to be borrowed under the for such Pur-authority and for the purposes of the said recited Act of the seventeenth chase, year of the reign of his present Majesty) such sum or sums of money as shall be certified by a valuation upon oath of some skilful and experienced surveyor to be the true and just value of the said lands at the time of the purchase thereof, not exceeding two years clear income and produce of n0(exceeding such benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry, after deducting all Two Yean taxes and other out-goings whatever except the salary to the assistant net Income, curate (if any); and as a security for re-payment of the money so to be borrowed, to mortgage the tithes rents and other profits and emoluments of or belonging to such benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry, to any person or persons who shall advance such money by one or more deed or aeeds (to be registered at herein-after mentioned) for the term of twenty-five years, or until the principal money so to be borrowed, with interest for the same, and all costs and charges attending the recovery thereof, shall be fully paid off and satisfied; which mortgage deed or deeds shall bind as well such Parson Vicar or other Incumbent of such benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry, executing such mortgage or mortgages, as also his successors, and a counterpart thereof shall be executed by die mortgagee or mortgagees, and be kept by the 1 ncumlen t; and the Parson Vicar or Incumbent for the time being of such benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry shall, and he is hereby required to pay or causeto be paid to the mortgagee or mortgagees yearly and every year, as the same shall become due, or within one month afterwards, as well the interest of the principal money secured by such mortgage or mortgages, as also the further sum of five pounds per centum per annum of the principal money originally advanced on such mortgage or mortgages; and that every Incumbent who shall not reside twenty weeks in every year upon such benefice, perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry, computing each year from the date of the first or only mortgage deed, shall and he is hereby required, instead of the said sum of five pounds per cerium pet annum, to pay within the period aforesaid the sum of ten pounds per centum per annum of the principal money originally advanced on such mortgage or mortgages, until the whole of suchprincipal money with the interest costs and charges shall be fully paid ofFand aischarged; and that every such incumbent who shall pay only five pounds per centum per annum of Such principal money shall, at the time ot payment thereof, produce and deliver to the mortgagee a certificate under the hands of two Rectors Vicars or other officiating Ministers of some parishes near adjoining, signifying that he had resided twenty weeks upon the said benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapeliy within the year for which such payment became due; and in default of payment of the principal interest costs and charges in manner aforesaid, the Bishop shall save power to sequester the profits of such benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry, until such payment shall be made: and if at any time or times the said

118

No. XXXVIII. 55 Geo. III. c. 147.

Governors of Queen Anne’s Bounty empowered to lend Money.

Colleges may lend any Sum with or without Interest.

Consent of Patron and Bishop to all Deeds of Exchange, Mortgage, or Purchase.

Powers to be executed by the Archbishops and Bishopshav-ing Peculiars.

Statutet relating to the Clergy. ! [Part L

principal and interests or any part thereof, shall be in arrear and unpaid for the space of forty days next after the yearly day of payment whereon the same shall have become due, it shall tas lawful for the mortgagee or mortgagees and his her or their executors administrators or assigns to recover the same or such part thereof as shall be so unpaid, and the costs and charges attending such recovery, by distress and sale, in such manner as landlords are or shall be by law authorized to recover rents in arrear; and in order that the payment of the same principal and interest may in cases of avoidance by neath or otherwise be justly and equitably ascertained and adjusted between the Parson Vicar or Incumbent avoiding such benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry, or his representatives and his successor, in such proportions as the profits of such benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry shall have been received by them respectively for the year in which such death or avoidance shall happen, such payment shall, in case any difference shall arise in settling the proportions thereof, be ascertained and determined by two indifferent persons, the one to be named by the person making such avoidance, or his representatives in case of his death, and the other by the said successor; and in case such nominees shall not be appointed within the space of two calendar months next after such death or avoidance, or in case they shall not agree in settling such proportions within the space of one calendar month after they shall have been appointed, the same shall be determined by some neighbouring Clergyman to be nominated by the Bishop, whose determination shall be final and conclusive between the parties.

VIII. And be it fmther enacted, That for promoting the purposes of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor clergy, from and out of the monies which have arisen or shall from time to time arise from that bounty, to advance and lend, in respect of each benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapehy the clear annual unproved value whereof shall not exceed the sum of fifty pounds, any sum not exceeding the sum of one hundred pounds, without interest, but for re-payment of the principal whereof suen mortgage as is herein-before mentioned shall be executed; and also to advance or lend for or in respect of each benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry, the clear annual improved value whereof shall exceed the sum of fifty pounds, any sum not exceeding two years yearly income of such benefice upon such mortgage as aforesaid, and to receive interest for the same at any rate not exceeding four pounds per cent urn per annum.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any

College or Hall within the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, or for any other corporate bodies, being owners of the patronage of ecclesiastical livings or benefices, to advance and lend any sum or sums of money of which they have the power to dispose, for the convenience of the Parson. Vicar or other Incumbent for the time being of any benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry within the patronage of such College or Hall, upon mortgage as herein-before directed, either upon intestest or without any interest.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when any Parson Vicar or other Incumbent as aforesaid, shall be desirous of effecting any exchange purchase or mortgage under the provisions of this Act, the consent of the Patron and Bishop to every deed of exchange conveyance or mortgage shall, before the same shall be signed and sealed by the Parson Vicar or other Incumbent, be signified by the said Patron and Bishop respectively being made parties to and signing and sealing the said deed in the presence of two or jpore credible persons, who shall by indorsement thereon attest such signing and sealing, and m which attestation it shall be expressed that the same deed was so signed and sealed by such Patron and Bishop before the execution thereof by such Parson Vicar or other Incumbent.

XI. And whereas there are within divers dioceses certain exempt Jurisdictions called peculiars belonging to the Archbishops and Bishops of other dioceses, and it is expedient that all the powers and authorities given by

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy. 119

this Act to the Bishop of the diocese should as to such peculiars be given No. to the Archbishop or Bishop to whom the same respectivelyjjelong; be it XXXVIII. therefore further enacted, That all and every the powers and authorities 55 Geo. III given by this Act to the Bishop of any diocese shall, with respect to the . ' *

several peculiars locally situated within such diocese, be vested in and c* A _, exercised by the Archbishop or Bishop to whom such peculiars shall respectively belong, and not by the Bishop within whose diocese such peculiars shall be locally situated, but that within all and every peculiar and peculiars belonging to any other person or corporation than Archbishops or Bishops, such powers and authorities shall be vested in and exercised by the Bishop of the diocese within which such peculiars shall be locally situated.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Power to Act it shall and may be lawful to and for any owner or owners of any Own«i» to messuages buildings lands or hereditaments, whether such owner or convey on owners shall be a corporation sole or aggregate, or tenant or tenants in Exchange or fee simple, or in fee tail general or special, or for life or lives, and for the Sale* guardians trustees or feoffees for charitable or other uses, husbands or committees of or acting for any such owner or owners as aforesaid, who at the time of making any exchange or purchase authorized by this Act shall be respectively infants feme coverts or lunatics, or under any other legal disability, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves himself or ' herself, by deed or deeds indented and to be registered as herein-after is mentioned; and with such consent, and to be signified as herein-before is mentioned of such Incumbent and of the Patron and Bishop, to grant and convey to any Parson Vicar or other Incumbent for the time being of any ecclesiastical benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry, any messuage outbuildings yards gardens and lands with their appurtenances, or any messuage or outbuilding only, or any lands (with or without necessary outbuildings) only of 6uch owner or owners, in lieu of and in exchange for any parsonage house outbuildings yards gardens and glebe lauds and pastures feedings and rights of commou or any of them, or any part thereof, of or belonging to any such benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry, or (in cases of purchase) to sell ana convey to such Parson Vicar or other incumbent any lands not exceeding in the whole twenty statute acres, with the necessary out-buildings thereon, for such sum or sums of money as shall be certified to be the true and just value of the same at the time of such sale thereof, by a valuation to be made as premises ex. herein-after is directed; and which said parsonage house out-buildings changed toSs and glebe lands so to be granted and conveyed in exchange by any Parson settled to the Vicar or other Incumbent, (with such consent and in such manner as tame uses, aforesaid) shall for ever, from and after such grant or conveyance thereof, he and become vested in and settled upon the same person or persons, and to for and under the same uses estates trusts and limitations, and subject to the same powers conditions charges and incumbrances as the said messuage out-buildings lands and premises so to‘be granted and conveyed in exchange were vested in settled upon and subject to before such exchange thereof, or would have been vested in settled upon and subject to in case such exchange had not been made; and which said sum or Application sums of money to be received for the purchase of any lands or heredita- of Purchase roents shall in all cases where the lands or hereditaments so to be Monies of purchased belong to any corporation sole or aggregate infant feme covert Premises sold lunatic, or person or persons under any other mobility or incapacity, with all convenient speed be paid into the bank of Engtoid, and in the name and with the privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his account ex varte the person or persons or corporation who would have been entitlea to the rents issues and profits of such lands or hereditaments, to the intent that such money shall be applied or laid out under the direction and with the approbation of the said court, (to be signified by an order made upon a petition to be preferred by or on behalf of the person or persons who would have been entitled to the rents issues and profits of such lands or hereditaments) in the purchase of the land tax, or towards the payment of any debts or


120

No. XXXVIII. 55 Geo. III. c. 147.

Persons under legal Incapacity not to convey (except in Exchange) mom than five Acres.

Where exchange or purchase shall be made Notice to be previously given.

A Map and Valuation on actual survey to be made of the Premises to be given and taken in exchange or purchased.

Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part I,

incumbrances affecting the same lands or hereditaments, or other lands or hereditaments standing settled to the same or the like uses, or in the purchase of other lands or hereditaments to be conveyed, settled, and made subject to and for and upon such and the like uses trusts limitations and dispositions, and in the same manner as the lands or hereditaments so purchased as aforesaid stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such purchase and conveyance shall be existing undetermined and capable of tsdting effect; and in the mean time ana until such purchase snail be made, the said money shall, by order of the said Court of Chancery upon application thereto be invested by the said Accountant General in his name in some one of the public funds of this kingdom, and the dividends and annual produce thereof shall from time to time be paid by order of the said court to the person or persons who would have been entitled to the rents issues and profits of the said lands or hereditaments, m case no purchase and conveyance thereof had been made under the provisions of this Act

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to enable any copora-tion aggregate or sole, or tenant in fee tail general or special, or for life or lives, or the guardians trustees or feoffees for charitable or other uses husbands or committees of or acting for any such owner or owners as aforesaid, who at the time of making any sale authorised by this Act shall be respectively infants femes covert or lunatics, or under other legal disability, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves himself or herself, to sell or convey (except by way of exchange, as in manner by this Act directed) any lands or grounds whatsoever, for any of the purposes of this Act, exceeding the quantity of five statute acresXIV. Provided also, That in all cases where any exchange or purchase shall be made under the authority of this Act, six calendar months previous notice, describing the particulars extent and situation of the premises respectively to be given and taken in exchange or purchased, shall be given of the intention to make such exchange orpurchase, by the insertion of the same notice for three successive weeks m some one and the same newspaper of and in general circulation in each county wherein the premises so to be given and taken in exchange or purchased, or any part thereof, are situate; and also by affixing such notice in writing on a conspicuous part of the door of the church or chapel of each parish or chapelry wherein such premises or or any part thereof ire situate, on three Sunduyt successively whereon divine service shall be performed, and shortly before the commencement of such service on each Sunday in such church or chapel.

XV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any exchange or purchase is intended to be made under the authority of this Act, a map or maps under an actual survey, on oath (which oath any Justice of the Peace is hereby authorised to administer) by some competent surveyor to be approved of by the Patron Bishop and Incumbent, shall in cases of exchange be made and taken of the whole of the said glebe lands, or of such part or parts thereof as will sufficiently enable the Bishop to judge of the convenience and expediency of the proposed exchange, ana also of the glebe or parsonage-house buildings and premises, any part of which it is proposed to exchange, as well as of the other lands house buildings and premises proposed to be taken in exchange; and shall in cases of purchase be made and taken of the whole of the lands or hereditaments so to be purchased; and in cases of exchange the same surveyor shall in like manner make a valuation on oath (to oe administered as aforesaid) of the said glebe lands and glebe or parsonage-house buildings and premises, and also of the lands house buildings and premises intended to be taken in exchange, and in cases of purchase the same surveyor shall in like manner make a valuation on oath of the lands or hereditaments so intended to be purchased; and every such valuation shall include and difr* tinctly specify the value of all timber and other trees growing thereon, and of the rights of common, and of all mines minerals and quarries (if any), and of all other rights profits and advantages whatsoever (if any}

121

No. XXXVIII. 55. Geo. III. c. 147.

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy.

to the said premises or either of them or any part or parcel of the same respectively belonging.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all cases as well of exchange as of purchase under this Act, the Bishop oh receiving such map or maps of valuation shall, if he shall in the first instance so far approve of tnfe said exchange or purchase, issue a commission of enquiry under his hand and seal directed to such persons as he shall think proper. Bishop to issue not being fewer than six in number, and of whom three at the least shall a Commission be beneficed Clergymen actually resident in the neighbourhood of the of Enquiry, benefice perpetualcuracv or parochial chapelry whereto it shall be proposed to annex any buildings or lands by exchange or purchase under the authority of this Act, and of whom one shall be a Barrister at Law of three years standing at the least, to be named by the senior Judge in the last proceeding commission of Nisi Prius for the county in which the said benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry shall be situate, and the return to which commission of enquiry shall be made and signed by a majority of the persons therein named, after an actual inspection by them of all the premises with such map and valuation before them and not otherwise, and three at least of the persons making and signing the same shall be either three such beneficed Clergymen actually resident as aforesaid, or two at least of such beneficed Clergymen resident as aforesaid together with such Barrister as aforesaid; and in no case whatever shall any exchange or purchase be effected under the authority of this Act, unless such commission shall have been previously issued and returned, and unless the return to such commission so made and signed as aforesaid shall certify that after an actual inspection and examination of the premises such exchange or purchase, in the judgment of the persons making the said return, is fit ana proper to be made, and will promote the permanent advantage or convenience of the Incumbent of such benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry and his successors in the same.

XVII. And. be it further enacted, That whenever the Patron of any Consent for Pa-benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry to which the provisions crons in case of of this Act extend shall happen to be a minor idiot lunatic or feme Minority Lu-covert, it shall and may be lawful for the guardian committee or n*cy or Mar-husband of every such Patron to transact the several matters and execute riaSe* the requisite deeds as aforesaid for such Patron, who shall be bound thereby in such manner as if he or she had been of full age or sound mind or feme sole, and had done such acts and executed such deeds.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all cases Consent where where the patronage of any benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapel- Livings belorijg ry to which the provisions of this Act extend shall be in the Crown, and to the Crown, such living or benefice shall be above the yearly value of twenty pounds in to the Du-the King's books, the consent of the Crown to the several proceedings C^V Ean-hereby authorised respecting such benefice perpetual curacy or parochial caster* chapelry shall be signified by the execution of the deeds or instruments hereinbefore directed by the Lord High Treasurer or First Lord Commissioner of the Treasury for the time being; but if such benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry shall not exceed the yearly value of twenty pounds in the King's books, such consent shall be signified by such execution by the Lord High Chancellor Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the great seal for the time being; and if such benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry shall be within the patronage of the Crown in right of the Duchy of Lancaster, then such consent shall be signified by the execution of such deeds or instruments by the Chancellor of the said Duchy for the time being.

XIX. And be it further enacted, that one part of all deeds and in- Deeds and Instruments to be made and executed in pursuance of or for carrying into struments to be execution this Act, together with the maps and valuations, and the deposited in the commissions of enquiry and the returns to the same, hereinbefore di- Archbishop's or rected, shall within twelve calendar months next after the date or dates Bishop's Ke-thereof be deposited in the office of the registrar of the diocese wherein gistry. such benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry, shall be locally )<

122

No. XXXVIII. 55 Geo. III.

c. 147. V^PVW

Forms in Schedule

17 G. 3. c. 53. and

21G. 3. c. 6G. to be used (so far as applicable for tjic purposes This Act not to repeal any former Law.

55 G. 3. c. 147.

Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

situate to be perpetually kept and preserved therein, except as to those benefices which are under the peculiar jurisdiction of any Archbishop or Bishop, in which case the several documents before mentioned shall be deposited in the office of the registrar of that peculiar jurisdiction to which any such benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry shall be subject, and such registrars shall respectively so deposit ana preserve the same, and shall give and sign a certificate of such deposit thereof, to be written on a duplicate or on any other part or parts of the said deeds, or any or either of them, or on some other separate parchment paper or instrument; and every such deed or instrument shall he produced at ail proper and usual hours at such registry, to every person applying to in* spect the same, and an office copy ot each such deed or instrument, certified under the hand of the registrar, (and which office copy so certified, the registrar shall in all cases grant to every person who shall apply for the same) shall in all cases be admitted and allowed as legal evidence thereof in all courts whatsoever; and every such registrar snail be entitled to the sum of ten shillings and no more (over and besides the stamp duty, if any,) for such commission and the previous requisites thereof; and the sum Of five shillings and no more for so depositing as aforesaid the deeds settlements maps survey valuation commission and instruments and so aforesaid, certifying such deposit thereof; and the sum of one shilling and no more for each such search; and the sum of sixpence and no more (over and besides the said stamp duty) for each Folio of seventy-two words of each such office copy, so certified as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That such of the forms contained in the Schedules of the said recited Acts of the seventeenth and twenty-first years of the reign of his present Majesty as are applicable to the provisions of this Act, and with such variations thereof as shall render them so applicable, shall be used and applied to the purposes of this Act as fully and effectually as if the same were hereby enacted and made part of this Act.

of this Act.

XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to repeal or abridge any law now in force, enabling any person or corporation sole or aggregate to augment or improve any ecclesiastical benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry.

[No. XXXIX.] 56 Geo. III. c. 52.—An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling Spiritual Persons to exchange their Parsonage Houses or Glebe Lands* and for other Purposes therein mentioned.—

[20th June 1816J

W'llEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament^ intituled An Act for enabling Spiritual Persons to exchange the Parsonage or Glebe Houses or Glebe Lands belonging to their Benefices for other* of greater value or more conveniently situated for their residence and occupation, and for anncxingauck Houses and Lands so taken in exchange to such Benefices as Parsonage or Glebe Houses and Glebe Lands, and for purchasing and annexing Lands to become Glebe in certain cases; and for other purposes:And whereas it is expedient to authorize the Incumbents of benefices perpetual curacies and parochial chapelries, to apply the monies arising from the sale of any timber cut from the glebe or. other lands of their respective benefices perpetual curacies or parochial chapelries towards the purposes of the said recited Act: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by

12S

Class II.]

Statutes relating to the Clergy.

the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Incura- No.

bent of any benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry, with the XXXIX.

consent of the Patron of such benefice perpetual curacy or parochial 5^ (jgo m chatpeiry, and of the Bishop of the diocese wherein the same is locally c situate, or of the Archbishop or Bishop to whom the peculiars wherein t .

such benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapeliy is situate shall p ^" belong, (such consent to be signified in manner as in the said recited Act is mentioned, to pay and apply the monies to arise by sale of any g€negce w; t^ y timber cut and sola from the glebe lands of such benefice perpetual curacy consent of pa_ or parochial chapelry, or from any other land, whether copyhold holden tron an(j Bishops under any manor of such benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry to apply Money or otherwise, the timber whereof belongs to such benefice perpetual arising from sale curacy or parochial chapelry, either for equality of exchange or towards of Timber for and in part of equality of exchange, or for the price or purchase money, or towards ex-or towards and in part of the price or purchase money of any house change or pur-outbuildings yards gardens and appurtenances, or any lands or any or chase of Par-either of them, by the said recited Act authorised to be taken in exchange *°na8e htoui* or to be purchased, and from and after such exchange or purchase to be or ^lel* Lands, annexed to and to be and become the parsonage and glebe house and glebe lands and premises of such benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry, as in the said recited Act is mentioned.

II. And whereas it is by the said recited Act enacted, that the Bishop shall in cases of exchange and purchase under the said Act issue a commission of inquiry for the purposes therein mentioned, to be directed to such persons as are therein described, and of whom one shall be a Barrister of three years standing at the least, to be named by the senior Judge of Nisi Prim for the county in which the benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry whereto it shall be proposed to annex any buildings or land by exchange or purchase under the said Act shall be situate; but inasmuch as the nomination of such Barrister by a Judge of Nisi Prim is not applicable to the county palatine of Chester nor to the principality of Wales; be it therefore enacted, That where any exchange Barrister director purchase shall be made or be proposed to be made under the authority b rec-lte(j of the said Act in any benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry Act to be named situate within the said county palatine of Chester or within the said by Justices of principality of Wales, such Barrister shall be named by the Chief Justice Nisi Prius to be lor the time being of the said county palatine of Chester or by the Justice, named in Ches-or in case of his absence, the other Justice of the great sessions for those ter and Wales counties within the said principality of Wales, within which said county by the Chief palatine or respective counties of the said principality of Wales the said Justice, &c. benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry shall be situate. the.re[No. XL.] 56 Geo. III. c. 123.—An Act to continue, until the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventeen an Act of the fifty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for explaining and amending several Acts relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the residence of such Persons on their. Benefices in England.

[No. XLI.] 56 Geo. III. c. 141.—An Act for enabling Ecclesiastical Corporate Bodies under certain Circumstances to alienate Lands for enlarging Cemeteries or Church-yards. — [2d July 1816.]

Y^WHEREAS cemeteries church-yards or burying grounds, are in vari- 56 Geo. ous places found to be too small, and the same cannot be conve- Ct nienty enlarged, without appropriating for consecration some part of the lands belonging to corporations or spiritual persons, not authorized by

124

No. XLI. 56 Geo. III. c. 141.

Bodies Copo-rtte may tell portions of Land adjoining Ce-mentaries for enlarging thereof:

With certain Consents.

Value of the Land to be assert ainedIf above 100/. other Lands to be conveyed.

Application for the Money if under that Value#

Limiting the time within which Alienations may be questioned. Burial Groupd to be discharged of advene Titles, &c. after 20 yean from the Consecration thereof

Statutes relatvig to the Clergy. [Part I.

law to alienate such land for any purpose whatsoever; be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lx>rds Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for any spiritual or ecclesiastical body corporate or spiritual person, being a corporation sole, possessing any land adjacent to any cemetary churchyard or burying ground, to sell by indenture of bargain and sale, inrolled in the high Court of Chancery within six calendar months, for the purpose of consecration, such portion thereof as may be deemed necessary for enlarging any such cemetary churchyard or burying gound, not exceeding one acre.

II. Provided always, That in case of any spiritual person, being a corporation sole, the consent of the Lord Bishop of the diocese or Ordinary and of the Patron of the living held by such corporation sole shall be testified by their being parties to the alienation of the said land; and that previously thereto the value of such land shall be ascertained, and together with a description thereof be committed to writing by some competent person to be named and appointed by the Ordinary; which

Kerson so appointed shall verify the same on oath before some one of is Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the county town or district in which such land is situated; which oath the said Justice is hereby empowered to administer; and in case the value shall appear to exceed one hundred pounds that of other lands of at least an equal value, estimated and verified in manner aforesaid, shall be well ana legally conveyed to and for the same uses as the lands conveyed by the said spiritual Persons or corporation sole, and as the consideration thereof; and in case the value shall appear not to amount to one hundred pounds but shall exceed twenty pounds, such value shall be paid to the*governors of the bounty of Queen Anne for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor Ctergy, to be by them used and applied for the benefit of such spiritual person or corporation sole, in the same manner as they are now empowered by law to use and apply other sums of money coming into their hands; and in case the value shall not amount to twenty pounds, the said value shall be paid in money to such spiritual Person or corporation sole, to be by him applied at his own discretion.

III. Provided always, That no alienation made by virtue of this Act shall be questioned after the expiration of twenty years from the time of such alienation, on account of any want of compliance with the forms prescribed by this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all ground which has been or shall be consecrated as burial ground shall after twenty years from the time of such consecration, be considered as discharged from all adverse titles claims and demands whatsoever, and as absolutely vested in the trustee or trustees, if any, thereof; and if there should not be any such tnisree or trustees, then in the Vicar or perpetual Curate, if any, for the time being; and if their should not be any Vicar or perpetual Curate, then in the Rector for the time being of each parish in which such burial ground is or shall be situate.

[No. XLII.] 5/ Geo. III. c. 99.—An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms; and for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices; and for the Support and Maintenance of Stipendiary Curates in England. — [10th July 1817-3

57 o XyilEREAS an Act passed in the twenty-first year of the reign of c* his Majesty King Henry the eighth, intituled An Act again it Ptura21 H. 8. c. 13. lilies of 'Benefices, taking of Farms oy Spiritual Men, and for Residence:And whereas another Act passed in the twenty-eight year of the reign of 28 H. 8. c. 13. his said Majesty King Henry the eighth, intitulea^ Act for compelling

20.

11.

11.

9.

12 Anne, Scat. 2. c. 12.

53 G. 3. «. 149.

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy. 125

Spiritual Persons to keep Residence upon their Benefices: and whereas ano- No. XLII.

er Act was passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of her Majesty 5yGeo. III. Queen Elisabeth, intituled An Act touching Leases of Benefices and Ecclc- c 99 siastical Livings with Cure: And whereas three several Acts pas.-ed in .

the fourteenth, eighteenth, and forty-third years respectively of the (reign of her said Majesty Queen Elizabeth, for explaining and amending 13 *z' c* the said recited Act of the thirteenth year aforesaid; and which were ! J Jr.!* c *

made perpetual by an Act passed in the third year of the reign of his *3 £ *

Majesty King Charles the first, intituled An Act for the Continuance *

and Repeal of divers Statutes: And whereas another Act was passed in 3 c‘ c’4,

the forty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act 43 G. 3. c. 84. (o amend the Lam relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices in England:

And whereas another Act passed in the forty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act to rectify a mistake in an Act made 43 G.3. c. 109, in this present Session of Parlunncnt, intituled, An Act to amend the laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the Rest- dence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices in England, and to remove a 4 Doubt respecting the Title of the Statute of the Twenty-first Year of King Henry the Eighth therein mentionedAnd whereas an Act was passed in the twelfth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the better Maintenance of the Curates within the Church of England, and for preventing any Ecclesiastical Personsfrom buying the next avoidance of any Church preferment: And whereas an Act was passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further 36 G. 3. c. 83. support and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England, and for making certain Regulations respecting the Appointment of such Curates, ana the Admission if Persons to Cures augmented by Queen Anne's Bounty, with respect to the Avoidance of other Benefices: And wheres another Act passed in the fifty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Support and Maintenance of Stipendiary Curates:

And whereas doubts have arisen upon the construction ot some of the provisions of the said Acts; and it is therefore necessary that such provisions of the said Acts should be explained, and other provisions made, and that the several laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of farms, and to buying and selling, and for enforcing of residence and the maintenance of stipendiary Curates, should be consolidated in one Act: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That *, 4 Acts from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said several recited repealed.

Acts passed in the reign of his Majesty King Hcnty the eighth, and so much of the said Acts of the reign o(her Majesty Queen Elizabeth, and of the said recited Act of his Majesty King Charles the first, as relates to spiritual persons holding of farms, and to leases of benefices and livings, and to buying and selling, and to residence of spiritual persons on their benefices; and also so much of the said recited Act of her Majesty Queen Anne, and of the said recited Act of the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the maintenance of Curates within the Church of England, and making provision for appointing stipends for such Curates, and all the said several other recited Acts passed in the reign of his present Majesty, shall be and the same are respectively hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Spiritual Per-Act it shall not be lawful lor any Spiritual Person having or holding any *ons not to take dignity prebend canonry benefice or any stipendiary curacy or lectureship, to f for °c" to take to farm, for occupation by himself, by lease grant words or other- a*>ove

wise for term of life or lerm of years or at will any lands exceeding in ei?kty Acrc* amount in the *hole eighty acres, for the purpose of occupying or using TJ*nout consent or cultivating the same, without the consent iu writing of the Bishop of °^!hc the diocese in which such dignity canonry prebend benefice stipendiary or

curacy lectureship shall bedocally situate, specially given for that purpose; Acre.T *

VjCTOv 1C

126

No. XLII. 57 Geo. III. c. 99.

No Spiritual Person benefit ced, or performing Ecdeaasri-cal Duty, shall engage in trade, or buy to sell again for profit or gain.

Not to extend to Spiritual Persons engaged in keepingSchoola, or as Tutors, &c. in respect to any thing done, or any buying or selling in such Employment; or to selling any Thing bona fide bought for the use of the Family; or occupying any Glebe, &c.

Penalty for Non-Residence.

Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

and every such permission to any spiritual Person to take to farm, for the purpose of occupying the same, any greater quantity of land than eighty acres, shall specify the number of years, not exceedeng seven, for which the permission is given; and every such spiritual Person as aforesaid w ho shall without such permision as aforesaid take to farm any

Ereater quantity of land than eighty acres, shall forfeit for every acre of md above the quantity of eighty acres so taken to farm the sum of forty shillings for each and every year during or in which he shall so occupy, use cultivate or farm such land contrary to the provisions of this Act, to be recovered by and to the use of any person who may inform and sue for the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Spiritual Person having or holding any dignity prebend canonry benefice stipendiary curacy or lectureship, shall by himself, or by any other for him or to his use, engage in or carry on any trade or dealing for gain or profit, or deal in any goods wares or merchandize, by buying and selling for lucre gain or profit in any market fair or other place, upon pain of forfeiting the value of the goods wares and merchandizes by him or by any to his use bargained and bought to sell again contrary to the provisions of this Act; and that every bargain and contract so made by him or by any to his use, in any such trade or dealing contrary to this Act, shall be utterly void and of none effect; and the one half of every such forfeiture shall go to his Majesty, and the other half to him that will sue for the same.

IV7. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained in relation to being engaged in trade or dealing or buying or selling, shall extend or be construed to extend to, or to subject to any penalty or forfeiture, any spiritual person for keeping a school or seminary, or acting as a schoolmaster or tutor or instructor, or being in any manner concerned or engaged in giving instruction or education for profit or reward, or for buying or selling or doing any other act matter or thing in the conduct of or carrying on or in relation to the management of any such school seminary or employment; or to any spiritual person whatever, for the buying of any goods wares or merchandizes, or articles or things of any description, which shall without fraud or covin, be bought to the intent and purpose, at the buying thereof, to be used and employed by the spiritual person buying the same for his family or in his household, and after the buying of any such goods wares or merchandizes or articles or things the selling the same again or any parts thereof, which such person may not want or choose.to keep, although the same shall be sola at any advanced price beyond that which may have been given for the same; or for any buying or selling again for any lucre gain or profit of any manner of cattle or corn, or other matters or things whatever necessary proper or convenient to be bought sold kept or maintained by any spiritual person, or any other person for him, or to his use for the occupation manuring improving pasturage or profit of any glebe demesne farms lands tenements or hereditaments, which may be lawfully held and occupied, possessed or enjoyed by such spiritual person, or any other for him or to nis use:Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize any such spiritual person to sell any cattle or com, or other matters or things as aforesaid m person, in any market fair or place of public sale.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act every spiritual person holding any benefice, who shall without any such licence or exemption as is in this Act allow'ed for that purpose, wilfully absent himself therefrom for any period exceeding the space of three months together, or to be accounted at several times in any one year, and make his Residence and abiding at any other place or places except at some other benefice donative perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry of which he may be possessed, shall when such absence shall exceed such period as aforesaid, and not exceed six months, forfeit and pay one-third of the annual value (deducting therefrom all outgoings, except any stipend paid to any Curate) of the benefice donative perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry from which he shall so absent himself as aforesaid; and

1C

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy.

when such absence shall exceed six months and not exceed eight months, one-half of such annual value; and when such absence shall exceed eight months, two-thirds of such annual value; and when such absence shall have been for the whole of the year, three-fourths of such annual value, to be recovered by action of debt bill plaint or information in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, wherein no essoign privilege protection or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; and the whole of every such penalty or forfeiture shall go and be paid to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same, together with such costs of suit as shall be allowed, according to the practice of the Court in which such action shall be brought.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every spiritual person having any benefice, and who shall not have any house of residence thereon, and who shall have resided nine months in the year within the limits of his benefice, or within the limits of the city town place or parish in which his benefice may be situated, provided such last-mentioned residence be within the distance of two miles from the church or chapel of his benefice, shall not be liable to any penalties on account of non-residence, nor be obliged to take out any licence in respect thereof, but that the same shall be deemed a legal residence to all the intents and purposes of this Act; and in all returns made by the Bishops persons so residing shall be returned as resident

VII. And whereas the governors of Queen Anne's bounty have in some instances purchased and may hereafter purchase houses not situate within the parishes for which they are purchased, but so contiguous as to be sufficiently convenient and suitable for the residence of the officiating ministers thereof; be it therefore enacted, That such houses, having

•been previously approved by the Bishop by writing under his hand and seal, and duly registered in the registry of the diocese, shall be deemed houses of residence appertaining to such benefices to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of rectories having vicarages endowed, the residence of the Vicar in the rectory house shall be deemed a legal residence to all intents and purposes whatever; provided that the Vicarage-house be kept in proper repair to the satisfaction of the Bishop.

IX. And be it further enacted, that it shall be lawful for the Bishop in every case in which there shall not be a house of residence belonging to any benefice within his diocese, to allow and adjudge any fit house wimin the limits of such benefice and belonging thereto, or any fit house belonging thereto not within the limits, but so contiguous as to be sufficiently convenient for the purpose, to be the house of residence thereof; and such allowance and adjudication in writing under the hand and seal of such Bishop shall thereupon be registered in the registry of the diocese from time to time; and such house shall thenceforth be deemed the house of residence for the time being to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted, That no spiritualjperson, being chancellor vice-chancellor, or commissary of either of the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, or being warden dean provost president rector principal master or other head ruler of any college or hall within the said Universities, and no spiritual person having or holding any professorship or any public readership in either of the said Universities, being actually resident within the precincts of the University, and reading lectures therein; and no scholar under the age of thirty years, abiding for study without fraud at either of the said Universities; and no chaplain of the King’s or Queen’s most excellent Majesty, or of any of the King’s or Queen’s children brethren or sisters, during so long as he shall actually attend in the discharge of his duty as such chaplain m the household to which he shall belong; and no chaplain of any Archbishop or bishop or of any temporal lord of Parliament or of any other person or persons authorized by law to appoint any chaplain or chaplains, during so long as such chaplain or chaplains shall abide and dwell and daily attend in

127

No. XLII. 57 Geo. III.

c 99.

Where no House belonging to the Benefice &c. Residence within the limits of the Parish, &c. deemed legal Reaidence.

Houses purchased by Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty to be deemed Residences.

Rectories having Vicarages endowed.

Power in the Bishop to allow any fit house belonging to the Preferment to be a house of residence.

Certain persona exempted from penalties for non-residence *

128

tfo. XLIl.

57 Geo. III. c. 99.

Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

the actual performance of his duty as such chaplain in the household to which he shall so belong; and no spiritual person actually serving as a chaplain of the House ot Commons, or as clerk of his Majesty’s closet or as a deputy clerk thereof, or a clerk of the closet to the heir apparent or as a deputy [clerk thereof, or as a chaplain general ot ins Majesty’s forces by sea or land, or chaplain of his Majesty’s dock yards, w)nle such spiritualperson shall be actually attending and performing the duties of such office respectively, or as a chaplain in the household of any British ambassador residing abroad, during the- time of his performing the duties of such his office, or as chancellor or vicar general or as commissary, whilst exercising the duties of their offices respectively; or as an archdeacon while upon visitations or otherwise engaged in the exercise of his functions; and no spiritual person being a minor canon or vicar choral or priest vicar or any such other public officer, in any cathedral or collegiate church, during the times for which such spiritual person shall actually reside within the precincts of the cathedral or collegiate church to which he shall belong, or within the City or town in which the said cathedral or collegiate church is situate or the suburbs thereof, and shall actually perform the duties of his office; or as a dean or subdean, or priest or reader in any of his Majesty’s royal chapels at Saint James*s or Whitehall, or as a reader in his Majesty’s private chapels at Windsor or eleswhere, whilst residing and actually performing the duty of any such office respectively; or as a preacher in any of the inns of court, or at the rolls; or as bursar treasurer dean \ice-president subdean or public tutor or chaplain or other such public officer, in any college or hall in either of the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge during the period for which he may respectively be required, by reason of any such office, to reside and perform the duties of the same; or as public librarian or public registrar or proctor or public orator, or other such public officer in either of the said Universities, during the period for which he may respectively be required by reason thereof to reside and perform the duties of any such office, and actually shall reside and perform the duties of the same; or as fellow of any college in either of the Universities during the time for which he may be required to reside by any charter or statute, and shall actually reside therein; or as warden provost or fellow of Eton or Winchester College or the master of the Charter-house, during the time for which he may be required so to reside, and shall actually reside therein respectively; or within the city or town or suburbs of the city or town within or near to which the said colleges are respectively situate: or as a master or usher in the said colleges of Eton or Winchester, or as a master or usher of Westminster school, or as principal or professor of the East India college; or who shall be specially exempt from residence under the provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament not repealed by this Act, shall be liable to any of the pains penalties or forfeitures in this Act contained for or on account of any non-residence during any such period as aforesaid, on any benefice; but every such spiritual person shall with respect to residence under this Act, be entitled to account such period as if he had legally resided on some other benefice; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any spiritual siding at Cathe- person being dean, during such time as he shall reside upon his deanery, drat Churches or being prebendary or canon or holding any other dignity or dignities in any cathedral or collegiate church or churches, who shall reside any period not exceeding four months altogether within the year upon such dignity or dignities, to account such residence as if he had legally resided on some benefice:provided always, that it shall be lawful for any .spiritual person having or holding any prebend canonry or dignity in any cathe-thTvear of resi- or co^cgiate church, m which the year for the purposes of residence dence it Cathe- *s accounted to commence at any other period than the first of January, drals com- and who may keep the periods of residence required for two successive years

mences at any at such cathedral or collegiate church, in whole or in part, between the other period than the 1st of January.

Dignitaries refor certain periods exempted.

Provision for cases in which

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy.

first of January and the thirty* first of December in any one year, to account such residence, although exceeding four months in the year, as reckoned from the first of January to the thirty-first of December, as if he had legally resided on some benefice; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Bishop of the diocese in which any benefice shall be locally situate to licence any longer period of non-residence upon any such benefice of any Prebendary Canon or other person holding any dignity in any cathedral or collegiate church, in any case in which it shall appear to such Bishop from his own knowledge, if such cathedral or collegiate church is locally situate within his own diocese, or if not by the certificate of the Bishop of the diocese in which the cathedral or collegiate church shall be locally si'uate, to be required for the performance of any duties in any such cathedral or collegiate church; provided that every such spiritual person shall during such period reside on such prebend canonry or dignity.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no spiritual person appointed to any pretend canonry or dignity in any cathedral -or collegiate church before the passing of this Act, shall be subject to any penalty or forfeiture for non-residence upon any benefice during the period of his actually residing upon such prebend canonry or dignity.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every spiritual person having any house of residence upon his benefice, who shall not reside thereon, shall during such period or periods of non-residence, whether the same shall be for the whole or part of any year, keep such house of residence in good and sufficient repair: and that every such spiritual person who shall not keep such house of residence in repair, and who shall not upon monition issued by the Bishop of the diocese in which the same snail be locally situate, nut the same in repair according to the requisition of such mom-lion, within the time specified therein, to the satisfaction of the Bishop *of the diocese, and to be certified to the Bishop upon such survey and report as shall be required by the Bishop in that behalf, shall be liable to all penalties for non-residence, notwithstanding any exemption or licence, during the period of such house of residence remaining out of repair, and until the same shall have been put in good and sufficient repair to the satisfaction of the Bishop of the diocese.

XV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for any Bishop, upon application made tor that purpose by petition in writing, by any spiritual person or by any fit and proper person on behalf of any spiritual person having or holding any benefice locally situated within nis diocese, upon such proofs as to any facts stated in any such petition as any such Bishop may think necessary and shall require by affidavit made before any ecclesiastical judge or his surrogate, or any justice of the* peace or magistrate, or any master extraordinary in chancery (which oath any such ecclesiastical judge or surrogate or justice of the peace or magistrate or master extraordinary in chancery is hereby authorised and required to administer), to grant in such cases as are in this Act enumerated, in which, upon due consideration of all the circumstances stated hi any such application and verified to the satisfaction of the Bishop as aforesaid, such Bishop shall in his discretion think it fit to grant the same, a licence in writing under his hand, expressing the cause of granting the same to such spiritual person to reside out of the parish, or out of the proper house of residence of his benefice, for the purpose of exempting such person from any pecuniary penalty or forfeiture in respect of any non-resiacnce thereon; (that is to say,) to any spiritual person who shall be prevented from residing in the proper house of residence, or in the parish, by any actual illness or infirmity of body of himself, or of his wife or child, making part of and residing with him as part o° his family; and also to any spiritual person having or holding any ben dice whereupon or wherein there shall bc.no house of residence, or where the house of residence shall be unfit for the residence of such spiritual person, such unfitness not being occasioned by any negligence default or other misconduct of such spiritual person, and such spiritual

Vol. I. K

129

No. XLII.

57 Geo. III. c. 99.

Bishop may licence for a longer period, if the duties of a Cathedral re- . quire it.

Proviso for Prebendaries, &c. appointed before this Act.

Persons having House of Residence on their benefice to forfeit the exemption, if House not kept in repair.

Bishop may grant licencee for non-residence in certain cases enumerated.


130 Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

No. XLTI. person keeping such house of residence in repair to the satisfaction C TIT bishop; and also to any spiritual person having or holding

5/ ueo. ill. any benefice> and occupying in the parish of the same respectively c. 99. any mansion or messuage, to reside in such mansion or messuage, such spiritual person keeping the house of residence and other buildings belonging thereto in good and Sufficient repair and condition, and producing to the Bishop proof to his satisfaction, at the time of granting and renewing any such licence, of such good and sufficient state of repair; and also to any spiritual person having or holding any benefice of small value and serving as a licensed stipendiary Curate elsewhere, and providing for the serving of such his benefice, to the satisfaction of such Bishop; and also to any master or usher of any endowed school duly licensed by the Bishop and actually employed in teaching thereiu; and also to any master or preacher of any hospital or incorporated charitable foundation during the period for which he ini.y be required to reside by any charter or statute of any such hospital or incorporated charitable foundation, or by any other lawful authority in the same, and shall actually reside and perforin his duties therein; or to any person holding any endowed l<?cture:drip or endowed chapelry or endowed preachership, and performing and executing the duties thereof respectively with the licence of the Bishop in whose diocese he shall so officiate; or to any spiritual person having or holding any benefice of small value, and serving as preacher in any proprietary chapel, in any city or town, with the licence of the Bishop in whose diocese he shall so officiate; or to any Spiritual Person actually serving as Chaplain in any of his Majesty’s garrisons, or as Chaplain to the Royal Military Asylum at Chelsea, or the Royal Military College at Sandhurst, or as Teacher of the ltoyal Military Academy at Woolicich, or as Chaplain at either of the Royal Hospitals at Greenwich or Chelsea, or as Chaplain to either of the Royal Hospitals for Seamen at llusfar or Plymouth, or as Chaplain to the Naval Asylum, or in his Majesty’s Navy, or as Chaplain of his Majesty Gaol of Margate, or of the Pcnit< ntiary at Mitbank, or as Chaplain of any British Factory, or as principal surrogate or official in any ecclesiastical court in any diocese, or as a librarian of the British* Museum or of Sion College, or as one of the trustees of Lord Crenc's Charity, during the time of personal attend-Fee for licences, ance on the duties of such office respectively: Provided always, that the spiritual person obtaining any such licence shall pay to the secretary or officer of the Bishop the sum often shillings, exclusive of and over Persons aggriev- and above tire stamp duty chargeable thereon and no more: Provided edmay appeal to also, that if any spiritual person applying to any Bishop for any such the Archbishop, licence shall think himself aggrieved by the refusal thereof, it shaR be lawful for such spiritual person to appeal to the Archbishop of the province, who shall forthwith, either by himself or some commissioner or commissioners appointed from among the other Bishops of his province, under his hand, make or cause to be made inquiry into the same, and by writing signed by himself confirm such refusal or grant a Security to be licence under this Act, as shall seem just and proper: Provided always, given for pay- that in every such case the spiritual person so appealing shall give ment of ex- security to the Bishop for the payment or such reasonable expences occa-pencea. sioned by the appeal as the Archbishop or his commissioner or commissioners shall award.

3n Caws not XYL And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such enumerated. Bishop as aforesaid, in any cases not hereinbefore enumerated, ill which Bishops may under all the circumstances of any such case such Bishop shall think it grant Licences, expedient to grant to any spiritual person possessed of any benefice a and aaaign Sa- licence to reside out of the parish, or out of the proper house of resi-krij, t0JrUmei ^ence» as l, ie case may be, or as the case may appear to such Bishop to employed. require, and to assign, in any case in which a.stipendiary Curate may be employed to do the duty of such spiritual person, such salary as he shall judge fit to appoint, due respect being had to the value of such benefice. and to all other circumstances of the case: And it shall also be lawful for any Bishop, in case of the absence from the realm of any spiritual person, to grant any such licence withoui9any application made

Class. II.] Statutes relating to the Giergy. 131

for that purpose, and from time to time in any such case to renew any No. XLII. such licence as he shall think lit, and in every such case to appoint a q stipendiary Curate in case no Curate duly licenced shall be then employ- ' 11,

ed in serving such benefice, and to assign a salary to such Curate; or if c* any Curate shall have been and be then so employed, to assign any additional salary to stlch Curate; and in every and any of such cases to cause such salaries to be paid by sequestration of the piofits of the benefice:Reasons for Provided always, that in every such case respectively the nature and spe- granting them cial circumstances thereof, and the reasons that have induced such Bishop to be transmit-to grant such licence as aforesaid, shall be forthwith transmitted to the ted to the Arch-Archbishop of the province to which such Bishop shall belong, who shall bishop for exa-forthwith by himself, or by some commissioner or commissioners ap- mination and pointed for that purpose from among the Bishops of such province, by allowance, writing under his hand, which commissioner or commissioners is and are thereupon authorized to take upon himself or themselves the execution of the said commission, examine into such case and make such inquiries as to any particulars relating thereto as such Archbishop or commissioner or commissioners, so appointed as aforesaid, may think necessary; and after such inquiries maue by himself, or where the same shall be made by such commissioner or commissioners after a return of the substance thereof in writing to such Archbishop, such Archbishop shall thereupon allow or disallow such licence in the whole or in part, or make any alteration therein as to the period for which the same may h ive been granted or otherwise, and likewise as to the stipend assigned to the Curate, as to such Archbishop shall seem fit; and no such licence shall be good valid or effectual under this Act, for any purpose whatever, unless it shall have been so allowed and approved by such Archbishop, such allowance thereof being signified by the signing thereof by such Archbishop:Provided always, that it shall not be necessary in such licence to specify the cause of granting the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no licence granted under this Licences not to Act shall be made void by the death or removal of the Libhop granting be void by the

the same, but the same shall he and remain good and valid notwithstand- death or removing any such death or removal, unless the same shall be revoked by the al of the Grant-. next or any succeeding Bishop, as the case may require. or, unless revoked by the Successor.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every application made by or in Every applica-behalf of any spiritual person holding any benefice donative perpetual tion for Licence curacy or parochial chapelry to the Bishop of the diocese for any shall be in writ-licence for non-residence, shall be in writing and shall be signed by the andahall person making the same, and shall state whether such spiritual person state certain intends to perform the duty himself, and if he docs, where and at what particular *, distance he intends to reside; or if he intends to employ a Curate, the application shall state what salary he proposes to give to his Curate, and

whether the Curate proposes to reside or not to reside in the parish; and if the Curate intends to reside, then whether in the parsonage-house; and if he does not intend to reside in the parish, then the application shall state at what distance therefrom, and at what place such Curate intends to reside; and whether such Curate serves any other parish as Curate or Incumbent, or has any ecclesiastical preferment, or holds any donative perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry, or officiates in any other church or chapel; and such application shall also state the gross annual value of the benefice in respect of which any licence for non-residence shall he applied for; and it shall not be lawtul for the Bishop to grant any such lirence, unless the application shall contain a statement of the several particulars aforesaid; and all such applications and specifications shall w kept and filed by the registrar of the diocese in a separate book, which shall be kept and preserved for that purpose; and such book shall not be open to public inspection, or disclosed, or copies thereof made, except with the leave in writing of the Bishop of the diocese

XIX. And be it further enacted, That during the vacancy of any By whom Li-see, the power of granting licences under this Act, subject to the regida-.^Jcjg may be

granted while a See is'Saonit^rQie Bishop absent, &


32 Statutes relating to the Clergy - [Part I.

No. XLII.

57 Geo. III.

c. 99.

Licences may be revoked.

Fees may be ordered tu be paid by Appel-ants.

Limiting the time df Licences.

Copies of Licences or Revocations to be filed in the Registry of the Diocese, and a List kept for Inspection; and Copies transmitted to Churchwardens;

and publickly read at the first Visitation.

A list of Licences allowed by the Archbishop, or granted in his own Diocese, shall be annually transmitted to his Majesty in Council, who may revoke Licences, &c.

tions therein contained, shall be exercised by the Vicar General of the diocese; or in case such circumstances shall arise as shall disable the Bishop from exercising in person the functions of hi3 office, it shall be exercised by such person or persons as is or are lawfully empowered to exercise his general jurisdiction in the diocese.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Bishop who shall have granted any licence for non-residence as aforesaid, or for any successor or successors of any such Bishop, to revoke any such licence in any case in which it may appear to him or them proper and expedient to revoke the same: Provided, that any spiritual person may appeal against any such revocation by the Bishop, tn like manner as is hereinbefore directed in case of any refusal of any licence: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for any Archbishop to whom such appeal shall be made, to order and direct such reasonable fees and charges to be paid by any spiritual person appealing as aforesaid, in respect of any such proceedings as aforesaid, as he snail in his discretion think fit: Provided also, that no licence for non-residence granted under this Act shall continue in force for more than three years from the granting thereof, or arter the thirty-first day of December in the second year after the year in which such licence is granted.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Bishop who shall grant or revoke any licence for non-residence under this Act shall and he is hereby required, within one month after the grant or revocation of such licence, to cause a copy of every such licence or revocation to be filed in the registry of his diocese; and an alphabetical list of such licences and revocations shall be made out by the registrar of such diocese, and entered in a book, and kept for the inspection of all persons, upon payment of the sum of three shillings and no more; and a copy of every such licence with respect to any benefice shall be transmitted by the spiritual person to whom the licence is granted, to the churchwardens of the parish township or place to which the same relates, within one month after the grant of such licence; and every Bishop revoking any licence shall cause such revocation to be transmitted to the churchwardens of the parish township or place to which it relates, which copies shall be by them deposited in the parish chest; and every registrar who shall neglect to enter the same shall forfeit for every neglect of entering any suen licence or revocation in any such list the sum of five pounds, to be recovered by and for the use of any person who shall sue for the same, in like manner as any penalty may Be recovered under the provisions of this. Act; and a copy or every such licence or revocation shall likewise be produced by the churchwarden, and publickly read by the registrar or other officer at the visitation of the ecclesiastical district within which the benefice in respect whereof the licence shall have been granted, or revocation made, shall be locally situate, immediately next succeeding the granting or revocation thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Archbishop who shall in his own diocese grant any licence, or who shall allow-or approve in manner directed by this Act any licence or licences in any case or cases not enumerated in this Act, shall annually on or before the thirty-first day of January in each year transmit to his Majesty in Council a list of all such licences so granted or allowed or approved respectively as aforesaid in the year ending on the last day of December preceding such thirty-first day of January, and shall in every such list specify the reasons which have induced him to giant, allow, or approve the said licences, together with the reasons transmitted to him by the Bishops for granting any such licences in their respective dioceses; and it shall be lawful for his Majesty in Council, by an order made for that purpose, to revoke and annul any such licence; and if his Majesty in Council shall think fit so to do, such order shall be transmitted to the Archbishop who shall have granted or allowed or approved such licence, who shall thereupon cause a copy of every such order, made in relation to any licence so allowed or approved, to be transmitted to the Bishop of the diocese in which such licence shall have been granted; and such Bishop shall cause a copy of the mandatory part of the order to be filed in the registry of such dioClass II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy. 133

cese, and a like copy to be delivered to the churchwardens of the parish No. XLII. to which the same relates, in manner hereinbefore directed as to revoca- p - tion of licences under this Act; and cverv such Archbishop shall cause a 57 ueo* copy of the mandatory part of every sucK order, made in relation to any c* 99. such licence as aforesaid granted by him in his own diocese, to be in like manner filed in the registry of his diocese, and a like copy also to be delivered to the churchwarden of the parish to which such licence shall relate, in itianner before mentioned: Provided always, that after such licence shall have been so revoked by his Majesty in Council, the same Licence ah shall nevertheless, in all questions that shall have arisen or may here- though revoked after arise touching the non-residence of the spiritual person to whom shall be deemed the same shall have been granted, between the period at which the same vabd between was granted or allowed or approved and the time at which the same jj1 Grant and shall he so revoked as aforesaid, be deemed and taken to be and to have Rcvocation« been valid and effectual to all the intents and purposes of this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That on or before the twenty-fifth On or before

day of Match in every year a return or returns shall be made to his the25th March Majesty in Council by every Bishop of the names of every benefice annually a re-within his diocese, or subject to his jurisdiction by virtue of this Act, turn shall be and the names of the several spiritual persons holding the same respcc- ma(fe to tively who shall have resided, and also the names of the several spiritual Majesty persons respectively who shall not have resided thereon by reason of any g exemption under or by virtue of this Act, or by reason of any licence mes'ofRJtsi-granted by such Bishop for any and what cause enumerated by this Act, tse*nd ^on-and also of all spiritual persons not having any such exemption or licence, rcsj(jcntt who shall not have resided on their respective benefices, so far as the ’

Bishop is informed thereof; and also the names of all Curates licenced

to serve any benefice on which the Incumbent is not resident, and whether the gross annual value of such benefice amounts Xo or exceeds three hundred pounds per annum or not, the amount of the Curate's salary, and the place of his residence; and every spiritual person who shall be non-resident in any year subsequent to the passing of this Act, by Non-residents reason of residence on any olher benefice or of any exemption under this by exemption Act, and to entitle him to which it is not necessary to obtain any licence without Licence under this Act, shall wiihin six weeks from and after the first day of shall yearly no-January in every following year notify the same in writing under his tify to the Bihand to the Bishop of the diocese to whose jurisdiction he is subject by shop of the Dio-this Act or otherwise in respect of such benefice, specifying the nature cesc within a of such exemption, ancf whether the gross annual value of the benefice certain period, cn which he is .non-resident amounts to or exceeds three hundred pounds per annum or not; and every spiritual person who shall have more than one benefice, and who shall reside, on one of them, or who shall reside during any period of the year on any dignity, or in the performance of the duties of any office in any cathedral or collegiate church, or who shall be non-resident for any period of the year on account of any of the causes of temporary exemption specified in this Act, shall in like manner, and within the like period in each year, notify the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every spiritual person who Persons neg-shall neglect to make such notification as by this Act is directed within lecting to noti-such period of six weeks as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such fy Cause of Exoffence the sum of twenty pounds, to be levied by order of the Bishop of emption, to for the diocese by sequestration if* not otherwise paid, after monition to feit20£recover-pay the same out of the profits of the benefice in respect of which he aWe by Seques-shall neglect to make such notification, by the Bishop of the diocese to rrition > whom the notification ought to be made, to be applied as such Bishop may with Power of direct to useful and charitable purposes:Provided always, that it shall of Mitigation be lawful for such Bishop to remit or order the repayment of any part of or remitting by any such penalty, in like manner as is allowed by this Act in cases of the Biahop. non-compliance with an order for residence.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained

shall extend or be construed to extend to exempt any spiritual person or em^ from Qcn ’

sure for Non-resWtence without Licence; but no Censure for Non-residence shall be in force, nor any Proceedings be admitted, except at the Suit of the Bishop. *o

134 Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part L

No. XLII. persons from any canonical or ecclesiastical cemurcs, or effect any pro-’ mt cec(^ul8s that hereafter be instituted in any ecclesiastical court in 57 Geo. III. or(jer to cause the same to be inflicted, in relation to the non-residence of c. 99. any spiritual person having or holding any benefice who shall not have \*0*^ obtained a licence according to the provisions of this Act to be absent therefrom, nor have any other lawful cause of absence: Provided always, that no proceeding be admitted in any ecclesiastical court against any spiritual person for non-residence not exceeding three months in any one year, at the suit or instance of any person or persons other than the Bishop only of the diocese within which the benefice in respect whereof such non-residence shall have taken place shall be locally situated; any thing in any law or laws or ecclesiastical canon or canons to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

If any unlicens- XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which it shall ed person does appear to any such Bishop as aforesaid that any spiritual person, having not sufficiently or holding any benefice, and not being licensed according to this Act reside, the Bi- to be absent therefrom, nor having any law ful cause of absence from the shop may issue same, does not sufficiently reside outlie same respectively, it shall be a monition. law'ful for such Bishop to issue or cause to be issued a monition to such spiritual person forthwith to proceed to and recide thereon, and perform the duties thereof; and to make a return to such monition within a certain number of days after the issuing thereof, so as that in every such case there shall be thirty days between the time of delivering such monition to such spiritual person, or leaving the same at his then usual or last place of abode, or if not there to be found with the officiating Minister or one of the churchwardens, and also a copy thereof at the house of residence (if any such there be) belonging to such benefice, to which any such spiritual person shall be required by such monition to proceed and reside thereon, and the time specified in such monition for the return thereto; and a copy of every such monition shall immediately on the issuing thereof be filed in the registry of such Bishop’s court, and shall be open for inspection on the payment of three shillings Returns to be and no more; and the spiritual person to whom any such monition shall made to moni- be sent under this Act shall, within the time specified for that purpose, tions, which may make a return thereto into.such registry, to be there filed; and it shall be required to be be lawful for the Bishop to w hom any" such return shall be made, to upon oath. require such return or any fact contained therein to be veiified by the oath of such spiritual person or others, to be tiken before some surrogate or justice of the peace, or master extraordinary in chancery, which oath any such surrogate or justice of the peace, or master extraordinary in chancery, is hereby authorized and required to administer, Where letum on application being made for that purpose; and in even' case where no shall not be such return shall be made, or where such return shall not state such made, or shall reason as shall be deemed satisfactory by such Bishop for the non-resi-not be satisfac- dcncc of the spiritual person to whom such monition shall have been tory, Bishop sent as aforesaid, or where the same or any of the facts contained therein may order resi- shall not be so verified as aforesaid when the same shall have been dence, and if required, then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Bishop to issue disobeyed, may au onJer in writing under his hand and seal to require such person to 8t2fieSt«f h C Procee(l to and reside as aforesaid, within thirty days after such order in benefice 1dd'- wr*ting cr a C0Py thereof shall have been delivered or left in like man-rect an anSica- ner 518 *s herein-before required as to’monitions; and in case of non-tionof theprofit compliance, it shall be lawful for such Bishop to sequester the profits of p such benefice of such spiritual person as aforesaid, until such order shall be complied with, or such sufficient reasons for non-residence stated and proved as aforesaid; and to direct, by any order to be made for that purpose under his hand, and filed as aforesaid, the application of such profits, after deducting the necessary expences of serving the cure, either in the whole or in such proportion as he shall think fit, in the first place to the payment of such reasonable expences as shall have been incurred in relation to such monition and sequestration, and in the next place towards the augmentation or improvement of any such benefice, or the house of residence thereof, or any of the buildings and apputtcpanc^s, thereof, or

Class 11.]

Statutes relating to the Clergy.

135

towards the improvement of any of the glebe or demesne lands thereof, No. XL1L or to order and direct the same, or any portion thereof, to be paid to the governors of the bounty of Queen Anne, for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor Clergy, to be applied for the purposes of such c* augmentation as such Bishop shall in his discretion under all circum- v stances think fit and expedient; and it shall also be lawful for any such Bishop, within six months after such order for sequestration or within six months after any money shall have been actually levied by such sequestration, to remit to any such spiritual person any part or proportion of such sequestrated profits, or cause the same or any part thereof that shall have been paid or directed to be paid to the governors of Queen Anne's bounty to be repaid to such spiritual person, which repayment the said

fovernors are hereby authorized and required upon an order under the and of any such Bishop to make out of any money then in their hands, or if no money shall then be in their hands, out of the next money that shall come to their hands, in any case in which, by reason of the subsequent obedience of any such spiritual person to any such monition or order, the stating or proving such sufficient reasons as aforesaid, such Bishop shall think the same proper: Provided always, that when any such Appeal against spiritual person shall think himself aggrieved by reason of any such sequestration sequestration issued by any Bishop, it shall be lawful for such spiritual may be made to person, within one month after the making any order for any such seques- the Archbishop. tration as aforesaid, to appeal to the Archbishop of.lhe Province to which such Bishop shall belong, who shall forthwith, either by himself or some commissioner or commissioners appointed from among the Bishops of his province for that purpose under nis hand and sea), make or cause to be made due inquiry into the same, and make such order therein or relating thereto or to the profits that shall be so sequestered as aforesaid, for the return to such spiritual person of the same or any part thereof or otherwise, as shall under all the circumstances of the case appear to such Archbishop (after such inquiry made by himself or by his commissioner or commissioners, and in the latter case after the substance of such inquiry shall have been returned in writing to the said Archbishop) to be just and proper: Provided always, that the party so appealing shall give .

security to the Bishop for the payment of such reasonable expences occa- , ve security for sioned by the appeal, as the Archbishop or his Commissioner or Conrmis- Lvinent of the sioners shall award:Provided also, that no such order for any sequestra- expcjiCes. tkin shall be put in force during such appeal as aforesaid, and until the y same shall be determined.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every spiritual person to whom Persons who any such monition or order in writing shall be sent as aforesaid under return to this Act, who shall be at the time of the issuing thereof ab>ent from resi- resl - ncc dence in or upon his benefice contrary to the provisions of this Act, but who shall in obedience to such monition or order forthwith return to due pa^tnc C08tI# residence, and the profits of whose benefice shall by reason of such return not be sequestered, shall nevertheless pay all costs charges and cxpence9 incurred by reason of the issuing and serving such monition or order, to be levied as any costs may he levied upon any spiritual person by any Bishop under any of the provisions of this Act.

XXVIII. And to the intent effecturily to enforce Iona fid* residence If any person reaccording to the intent and meaning of such monition and order as afore- turning to reai-said, be it further enacted, That if any spiritual person not licensed under dence on moni-this Act to be absent from his benefice nor having other lawful cause tion shall before, of absence from the same, who, after any such monition or order as afore- , ix months there-said requiring his residence, and before or after any such sequestration rfter absent hiin-as aforesaid shall in obedience to any such monition or order have begun sc^> the Bishop to reside upon his benefice, shall afterwards and before the expiration of may without six months next after the commencement of such residence, without the momtl°" leave of such Bishop, wilfully in the judgment of such Bishop absent 3"^?^ bene-himself from such benefice, it shall be lawful for such Bishop, without issuing any other monition or making any other order, again to sequester and apply the profits of such benefice as before directed by this Act, for •the purpose of enforcing the residence of such spiritual person, ac—' *

136

No. XLII.

67 Geo. III. c. 99.

Biihope empowered to punish past nonresidence.

Statutes relating to the Clergy.

[Part I.

Penalties for the recovery of which monition has been issued, may be remitted by the Bishop; and special returns made of the reasons for such remission.

If any spiritual

person shall continue under sequestration two years, or incur three sequestrations within that period, the benefice shall become void.

Contracts for letting houses in which any spiritual persons shall by order of the Bisnopbe required to reside, snail bo void.

ing to the true intent of the original monition issued by such Bishop as aforesaid, and it shall be lawful for the Bishop so to proceed in like cases from time to lime as often as occasion may require; provided that in each and every of such cases such spiritual person shall be entitled to appeal against such sequestration, in such manner and upon such terms as nerc-in-before is and are mentioned touching appeals respecting sequestration, but nevertheless the same shall be in force during such appeal.

XXIX. And whereas it is expedient that Bishops should be empowered summarily to punish past non-residence, as well as to compel residence in future; b'c it therefore enacted, That in all cases in which any spiritual person shall have become subject to any penalty or forfeiture for any nonresidence it shall be lawful for the Bishop wiihin whose diocese such penalty or forfeiture shall have arisen to proceed against such spiritual person for such past non-residence, and to levy the penalties incurred thereby by monition and sequestration, and to direct the application thereof in like manner and subject to the same regulations, and with like powers of remitting or ordering the repayment of any part of such penalties as is directed or allowed in cases of non-compliance with any older for residence.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which any Archbishop or Bishop shall think proper under all the circumstances, after proceeding by monition for the recovery of any penalty under this Act of more than one-third ot‘ the value ot any benefice, for any non-residence exceeding six months in the year, to remit the whole or any part of any such penalty, such Archbishop shall forthwith transmit to his Majesty in Council, and such Bishop shall transmit to the Archbishop of the province to which he belongs, a list of such cases as have occurred in his or their respective dioceses, specifying the nature and special circumstances of each case, and the reasons for the said remission, in the same manner as is directed in relation to the licences for non residence granted in non-enum crated cases; and it shall thereupon be lawful for his Majesty in Council, or for the said Archbishop, as the case may be, to allow or disallow such remission in* whole or in part, in the same manner as is provided in this Act with relation to the allowance or the disallowance of licences for non-residence: Provided always, that the decision of the said Archbishop with respect to cases transmitted to him from any such Bishop shall be final.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if the benefice of any spiritual person shall continue for the space of two years under any sequestration made under the provisions of this Act for disobedience to the Bishop’s monition requiring such spiritual person to reside on his benefice, or shall under the provisions of this Act incur three such sequestrations in the said space of two years, the spiritual person not being relieved with respect to any of such sequestrations upon appeal, the benehce in relation to non-residence upon which such sequestration shall have been made shall become ipto facto void; and the Bishop of the diocese shall thereupon give notice thereof to the Patron or person entitled to present, who snail thereupon present or nominate some Clerk thereto other than the spiritual person whose benefice shall have so cominued under such sequestration, or who shall have incurred such sequestrations as aforesaid, as if the same had been avoided by the natural death or resignation of such spiritual person.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all contracts or agreements made ior the letting of the house of residence, or the buildings gardens orchards and appurtenances necessary for the convenient occupation of the same, belonging to any benefice to which house of residence any spiritual person shall be required by order of the Bishop as aforesaid to proceed and to reside therein, or which shall he assigned or appointed as a residence to any Curate by the Bishop, shall upon a copy of Such order assignment or appointment being served upon the occupier thereof or left at the house be null and void; and a copy of every such order assignment or appointment shall immediately on the issuing thereof be transmitted to one of the churchwardens of the parish, or such other person

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy. 137 *

as the Bishop shall think fit, and be by him forthwith served on the occu- No. XLII. pier of such house of residence, or left at the same: And any person continuing to hold any such house of residence* or any such building &7 Geo. III. garden orchard or appurtenances after the day on which the said spirituid c. 99.

person shall be directed by*such order to reside in such house of rcsi- 1 — — 7 dence, or which shall be specified in any such assignment or appointment, Any Person and alter service of such copy as aforesaid, or the same being so left as holding Posses* aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of forty shillings for every day he shall, don after the without the permission of the Bishop in writing for that purpose obtained, day appointed willfully continue to hold any such house building garden orchard or BhaH be wbjett appurtenances, together with the expence of serving such order, in case it Penalty,

snail have been deemed necessary specially to serve such order, to be allowed by the Bishop issuing the order or making such assignment or appointment as aforesaid, and to be recovered and applied in like manner as the penalties for non-residence arc directed to be recovered and applied by the provisions of this Act; and it shall also he lawful for the Spiritual Person so directed to reside as aforesaid, or Curate to whom any such residence is assigned, to apply to any justice of the peace or magistrate of the county riding province city or place for a warrant for the taking possession thereof; and the justice of the peace to whom any such order for such possession is produced shall and he is hereby required thereupon to give a warrant for such possession, and possession may thereupon be taken of such house under such warrant at any time in the day-time, by entering the same by force, if necessary, without any other proceeding by ejectment or otherwise; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament or law or laws to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no spiritual Not liable topeperson shall be liable to any penalties for not residing in any such house nalty while the of residence, during such time as such tenant shall continue to occupy Tenants shall such house of residence or other buildings necessary to the occupation of continue to the same. occupy.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing No Oath relatof this Act, no oath shall be required of or taken by any Vicar in relation ing to Residence to residence on his vicarage; any law custom constitution or usage to shall be required the contrary thereof notwithstanding. of Vicar.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no penalty or forfeiture shall Penalties not be recovered by any proceeding or action against any spiritual person recoverable for under the provisions of this Act, other or further than those which such more than One spiritual person may have incurred during the year ending on the thirty- Tear.

first day of December immediately preceding the commencement of such proceeding or action.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every penalty for non-resi- Penalties not

dence under this Act, in respect of which no proceeding shall have been levied under had by monition before the first day of April next after the year in which Monition may the same shall have been incurred, may be recovered by action or suit bc recovered by in the manner by this Act directed. Action.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no action of debt bill Actions for Peplaint or information against any spiritual person, for the recovery of naltiea not to be any penalties and forfeitures under this Act, shall be commenced or tiled commenced be-in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Westminster, or the court fore 1* May of great sessions in Wales, until the first day of May after the expiration after E*P*r*tion of the year in which the alleged offence shall have taken place. the *ear.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That for all the purposes of this CommenceAct the year shall be deemed to commence on the first aay of January, ment and con-and be reckoned therefrom to the thirty-first day of December, both duakmefthe inclusive. . YearXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That for all the purposes of this Calendar

Act the months therein named shall be taken to be calendar months, Months to be except in any case in which any month or months are to be made up taken for the of different periods less than a month, and in every such case thirty purpotea of this days shall be deemed a month. Act *

m

No. XLII. 57 Geo. III. c. 99.

No action to be commenced for

Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

XL. And whereas, notwithstanding the regulations contained in this Act, spiritual persons may through inadvertence, and in many cases from unavoidable circumstances and causes, become subject to penalties and forfeitures and vexatious prosecutions unless provision is made for the prevention thereof; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no writ shall be sued out against nor any copy of any process at the suit of any informer be served upon any spiritual any Penalty un- person for any penalty or forfeiture incurred under any of the provisions til after One of this Act, until a notice in writing of such intended writ or process shall

Calendar have been delivered to him, or left at the usual or last place of his abode.

Month’s notice and also to the Bishop of the diocese, by leaving the same at the regis-given to theDe- tly of hjs diocese, by the attorney or agent for the party who intends fendant and Bi- to S11C or Ciime the same to be sued out or served one calendar month shop of Diocese. at the least before the suing out or serving the same; in which notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained the cause of action which such party hath or claimeth to have, and the penalty or penalties for which such person intends to sue, and on the back of which notices respectively shall be endorsed the name of such attorney or agent, together with the place of his abode; and no such notice shall be given before the first day of April in the year next after any such penalty or penalties shall have been incurred.

Plaintiff not to XLI. And be it further enacted, 'That no plaintiff shall recover any

recover without verdict against any spiritual person for any penalty or forfeiture under proof made that the provisions of this Act, unless it is proved upon the trial of such such notices action that such notices where respectively given as aforesaid; but in were given. default thereof such spiritual person 'shall recover a verdict with double costs.

No Evidence to XLII. And be it further enacted, That no evidence shall be permitted be given but such to be given by the plaintiff, on the trial of any such action as aforesaid, as is contained of any cause of action, except such as is contained in the notices hereby in the Notice *, directed to be given.

Spiritual Per- XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any spin-may by tual person against whom any action shall be brought for any penalty or forfeiture under the provisions of this Act, by leave of the court in which such actions shall depend, at any lime before issue joined to pay into court such sum of money as he shall see fit; whereupon such proceedings orders and judgments shall be had made and given in ana by such court a9 in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the court in which any action bill plaint or information shall be depending for the recovery of any pe-tion shall be dc- nalty or forfeiture for non-residence under this Act, may and shall upon pending, may application made for that purpose require by rule or order of the said court or any judge thereof, the Bishop of the diocese within the limits of which the benefice shall be locally situate, or to whom the same shall be subject according to the provisions of this Act, for or by reason of non-residence in at or upon which the penalties and forfeitures shall be sought to be recovered by such action Dill or information, to certify in writing under his hand to the said court, and also to the party for that purpose named in the said rule or order, the reputed annual value of suen benefice; and upon such rule or order being left with such Bishop, or the registrar of suen Bishop, such Bishop shall accordingly certify such reputed annual value; and such certificate shall in all subsequent proceedings ujK>n such action bill plaint or. information be received and taken as evidence of the annual value of such benefice, for the purposes of this Act; without prejudice nevertheless to the admissibility or effect of any such other evidence as may be offered or given respecting the actual value thereof.

L’ nee mav b XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any spin-leaded in bar of ttwd P61^00 whom any hcence for non-residence .shall have been grantAction and in and aSainst whom any action shall be brought for any penalty or case of Non-suit, See. the Defendant shall have double costs.

leave pay into Court, before Issue joined, such sum as he shall think* fit.

The Court in which any Acrequire the Diocesan to certify the reputed annual value of Benefices, &c.

Class II.] Statutes relatbig to the Clergy.

forfeiture by reason of any non-residence, or any matter or thin* relating whereto any such licence under this Act has been granted, to plead such licence in bar of any such action; and if the plaintiff in such suit or action shall discontinue any such suit or action after any plea of licence shall have been pleaded thereto under this Act, then "in such case the defendant in such suit or action shall have full costs of suit; and if in any such suitor action a verdict shall be given for the defendant, or the plaintiff shall become nonsuit, the defendant shall have double costs, and nave the like remedy for the same as any defendant hath in other cases to recover costs by law; and it shall be lawful for the court or any judge of the court in which any suit or action shall be commenced upon, any application made in that behalf to order and direct, if. such court or judge shall deem it expedient so to do, that the plaintiff in any such suit or action shall give security for the payment of such costs, and that all proceedings in any such suit or action shall be staid until, such security shall be given as to the court or judge to whom any such application shall be made' shall seem fit.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at the time of filing any monition requiring any spiritual person to reside on his benefice, or to recover the penalties incurred by past non-residence, no notice of any action for any such penalty or forfeiture shall have been already given in manner aforesaid, then and in such case no such action. suit bill plaint or information shall be afterwards brought for airy penalty or forfeiture incurred by reason of any non-residence of such spiritual person before the issuing of such monition, or during any proceedings that may be had under such monition; and if any such action or suit shall be so commenced, the defendant therein may plead in bar thereof that such a monition as aforesaid has issued in respect of the same benefice; and such defendant, unless upon application to the court the same shall be dispensed with, shall upon pleading such matter, file or cause to he filed an affidavit in the said court, thereby stating the period specified in such monition, and that according to the belief of the defendant the Bishop who ha.(issued or caused such monition to be issued is proceeding upon the said monition, to the intent to make the same effectual to the intents and purposes of this Act, otherwise such plea shall not be good or available in the law.

XLYTI. And be it further enacted, That no penalty or costs incurred by any spiritual person by reason of any non-residence on his benefice, shall be levied by execution against the body of any such person, whilst he shall hold the same or any other benefice out of the profits of which the same can be levied by sequestration within the term of three years; and in case the body of any. such spiritual person shall be taken in execution for the same the court in which the same was recovered, or any iudge thereof, may and shall upon application made for that purpose, discharge the party from such execution, in case it shall be made to appear to the satisfaction of such court or judge that such penalty and costs can be levied as aforesaid.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any spiritual person holding any benefice, who does not or shall not actually reside thereon nine months in each year (unless such person shall do the duty of the same, having a legal exemption from residence or a licence to reside out of the same, or to reside out of the parsonage-house or vicarage-house or other usual house of residence belonging to the same), shall for a period exceeding three months absent himself from his benefice, without leaving a Curate duly licensed or other spiritual person to perform, and who shall duly perform the ecclesiastical duties of such benefice, or shall for the period of three months after the death resignation or removal of any Curate who has served his church or chapel, neglect to notify such death resignation, or removal to the Bishop of the diocese, or to nominate to the Bishop of the diocese a proper Curate, then and in every such case, and in every case in which'no Curate shall be nominated to the Bishop for *be purpose of being licensed by him within such period as aforesaid, the Bishop is hereby authorized to .appoint and licence a proper Curate with

139

No. XLII.

57 Geo. III. c. 99.

If at the time ' of filing any Monition no Action shall have been commenced, none shall be afterwards brought, &c.

No penalty to be levied against the Person where it can be recovered by Sequestration within three years.

Non resident Incumbents neglecting to appoint Curates, Bishop to appoint.

HO

No. XLII.

$7 Geo. III. c. 99.

Statutes relating to the Clergy.

[Part I.

Curate to reside on all benefices abort 300/. a. year, Ac. c. except under special circumff duty be inadequately performed, the Bishop may appoint Curat *

Bishops may enforce performance of church service both morning end evening.

such salary as by this Act is allowed and directed, to serve the church or chapel of the parish or place in respect of which such neglect or default shall have occurred: Provided always, that the licence shall in every case specify whether the Curate is required to reside within the parish or place or not; and if the Curate is permitted by the .Bishop granting the licence to reside out of the parish or place, the grounds upon which the Curate is so permitted to reside out of the parish or place shall be specified in the said licence, and the distance of the residence of any Curate from any church or chapel which he shall be licensed to serve shall not exceed five statute miles, except in cases of necessity to be approved by the Bishop and specified in the licences.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That in every case where a Curate is appointed to serve a benefice upon which the Incumbent is non-resident for more than three months m the year from exemption licence or otherwise, such Curate shall be required by the Bishop to reside within the parish; provided the gross value of such benefice amounts to three hundred pounds a year or upwards, and the population amounts to three hundred persons or upwards, or provided the population amounts to one thousand persons or upwards whatever may be the value of such benefice; Provided always, That whenever it shall be made out to the satisfaction of such Bishop, that from special and peculiar circumstances great inconvenience would arise from such Curate being compelled to reside within the parish, it shall be lawful for the Bishop to allow such Curate to reside in some near and convenient place: Provided also, That the licence to be granted to such Curate shall specify the special circumstances which have induced the Bishop to allow such residence out of the parish, and shall be entered and filed in the registry of the diocese.

L. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear to the Satisfaction of any Bishop, either of his own knowledge or upon proof by affidavit laid before him, that by reason of the number of churches or chapels belonging to any benehce locally situate within his diocese, or the distance of such churches or bhapels from each other, or the distance of the residence of the spiritual person serving the same from such Churches or chapels or any or either of them, or the negligence of the spiritual person holding the same, that the ecclesiastical duties of such benefice are inadequately performed, such Bishop may by writing under his hand require the spiritual person holding such benehce to nominate to him a fit person or persons with sufficient stipend or stipends, to be licensed by him to perform or to assist in performing such duties, specifying therein the grounds of such proceeding; and if such spiritual person shall neglect or omit to make such nomination for the space of three months after such requisition so made as aforesaid, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for such Bishop to appoint a Curate or Cu-ratcs; as the case shall appear to such Bishop to require, with such stipend or stipends as such Bishop shall think fit to appoint, not exceeding in any case in the whole the stipends allowed to Curates by this Act, nor, except in the case of negligence, exceeding one half of the gross annual value of the benefice, although the spiritual person to whom such churches or chape Is shall belong shall actually reside or serve the same: Provided always, That such requisition, and any affidavit made to found the same shall be forthwith filed by the Bishop in the registry of his court: Provided also, That it shall be lawful for any such spiritual person, who shall think himself aggrieved by any such appointment of such Curate or Curates, to appeal to the Archbishop of the province to which such Bishop shall belong, m such and the like manner and under such provisions ana directions as are allowed to any spiritual person thinking himself aggrieved by any sequestration issued by any Bishop.

LI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the Bishop of the diocese shall deem it proper to enforce the performance of Morning and Evening Service on Sunday *, or any other service required by law in any parish church or parochial chapel or the chapel of any extra-parochial place, it shall be lawful for such Bishop to enforce the same by monition and sequestration, to be issued in the manner by this Act provided. '

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy 141

LII. And be it further enacted, That every Bishop to whom any No. XLJL application shall be made for any licence for a Curate to serve for any _ p |T-person not duly residing upon his benefice, shall before he shall grant 'jeo‘

such licence, require a statement of all the particulars by this Act fp- c* 99*.

ouired to he stated by any person applying tor a licence for non-resi-oence; and it shall not be lawful for any Bishop to grant a licence to Statement of any Curate to serve the church or chapel of any person as aforesaid, particulars ne-upon any such application as aforesaid, until a statement of all such cessarytobe particulars as aforesaid shall have been delivered to him; and such given by pcr»o«j| statement shall be kept and filed and preserver) from public inspectiop, applying for a and disclosed only in like manner and in such cases as is before directed licence for a as to statements of persons applying for licences for non-residence. Curate.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Buhopsahatl Bishop, and he is hereby required, subject to the several provisions and appoint salaries restrictions in this Act contained, to appoint to every Curate such salary to Curates, as is allowed and specified in this Act; and every licence to be granted

to a stipendiary Curate under this Act shall contain and specify the amount of the salary allowed by the Bishop to the Curate; and such licence or any copy of the registry thereof, signed by the registrar of the diocese'or his deputy, shall be evidence of the amount of the salary so appointed to any Curate in all courts of law or equity; and in ca&e any difference shall arise between any Rector or Vicar or person holding any benefice and his Curate, touching such stipend or allowance or liie payment thereof or of the arrears thereof, the Bishop on complaint to him made may and shall summarily hear and determine the same; and in case of wilful neglect or refusal to pay such stipend salary or allowance or the arrears thereof, he shall be and is hereby empowered to proceed by monition and sequestration lo requester the profits of the benefice for and until payment of such stipend or allowance or the arrears thereof: Provided always, that the Curate obtaining any such licence shall pay to the secretary or officer of the Bishop the sum of one pound, exclusive of any stamp duly which may be chargeable thereon; which said sum of one pouna shall be in remuneration of all and every fee or, . fees now deraanaable by the said secretary or officer for obtaining such licence, or for the signature of any declaration by the said Curate m consequence of such licence, or of any certificate of such Curate having signed such declaration: and provided also, that from and after the passing of this Act, as often as any person shall be licensed to twTo or more curacies within the same diocese at one and the same time, it shall be sufficient for such person to sign one declaration only, appointed to be signed by an Act intituled An Act of Uniformity; and also that it shall be sufficient for such person to produce one certificate only of his having so signed such declaration before the Bishop of the diocese.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Bishop Stipends to

to appoint for the Curate any stipend or allowance not exceeding Curates of la-seventy-five pounds per annum, and also the use of the housfe of re- cumbents be-sidence with the gardens and stables belonging thereto, or a further sum fore 20» of fifteen pounds in lieu of the use of the rectory or vicarage-house 1813, not to or other houses of residence, in case there shall be no house, of it shall exceed ccrtal* not appear to the Bishop convenient to allot or assign the house to the Curate, in respect of any benefice to which the spiritual person holding the same was instituted or appointed before the twentieth day of July one thousand eight hundred ana thirteen; but it shall not be lawful for the Bishop to assign any greater stipend or allowance than aforesaid, in respect of any such benefice during the incumbency of any such spiritual person as aforesaid, unless with the consent of the spiritual person holding the benefice, or in case of neglect to appoint or to nominate to the Bishop a proper Curate.

LV. And De it further enacted, That in every case in which any The salaries spiritual person shall* have been, after the twentieth day of July one payable to thousand eight hundred and thirteen, or shall hereafter be instituted or Cuntes, to be inducted or nominated or appointed to or otherwise become incumbent -m proportion to

the value and population of the benefice *

143

No. XLII. 57 Geo. Ill c. 99.

Where the benefice exceeds 400/. an allowance may be made to Curate of 100L per annum, &c.

Smaller salaries to be allowed to Curates in certain cases.

Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

or possessed of any benefice, and shall not duly reside thereon, unless such person shall do the duty of the same, having a legal exemption fiom residence or a licence to reside out of the same, or tp reside out of the Parsonage or Vicarage or other usual house of residence belonging fo the same, the Bishop shall appoint for the Curate licensed to serve such benefice of such non-resident incumbent or person as aforesaid in his absence such salary as is herein-after next mentioned; (that is to say, such salary shall in no case be less than eighty pounds per annum, ur than the annual value of the benefice, if the gross value thereof shall not amount to eighty pounds per annum; and such salary shall not be less than one hundred pounds per annum or than the whole value as aforesaid, if the said value shall not amount to one hundred pounds per annum in any parish or place where the population, according to the returns then last made in pursuance of any act or acts of Parliament, shall amount to or exceed three hundred persons; and such salary shall not be less .than one hundred and twenty pounds per annum or the whole value as aforesaid, if the said value shall not amount to one hundred and twenty pounds per annum y in any parish or place where the population shall appear as aforesaid to.amount to or to exceed five hundred persons; and such salary shall not be less than one hundred and fifty pounds per annum or than the whole value as aforesaid if the said value shall not amount to one hundred and fifty pounds per annum, in any parish or place where the population shall appear as aforesaid to amount to or to exceed one thousand persons: Provided always, that the annual value of all benefices, of which the value estimated as is herein provided does not amount to one hundred and fifty pounds per annum, shall be estimated from the returns made by the Bishops of the several dioceses to the governors of Queen Anne’s bounty; or from any future returns which may be made by the said Bishops to the said governors respecting parishes or places omitted in the said re turns; or respecting parishes or places in the actual income of which it shall be made appear to the Bishops that any considerable variation has taken place, eicner by augmentation made by the said governors or otherwise.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That in any parish or place where it shall appear to the satisfaction of the Bishop that the actual annual income of the benefice clear of all deductions exceeds the sum of four hundred pounds per annum, it shall be lawful for the Bishop to assign to the Curate of such parish or place, being resident within the same and serving no other cure, a salary or allowance of one hundred pounds per annum, notwithstanding the population of such parish or place may not appear as aforesaid to amount to three hundred persons; and that in any parish or place where the actual annual income shall appear to exceed four hundred pounds as aforesaid, and where the population shall also appear as aforesaid to amount to or exceed five hundred persons, it shall be lawful for the Bishop to assign to the Curate of such parish or place, being resident within the same and serving no other cure, any larger stipend or allowance, so that the same shall not exceed by more than fifty pounds per annum the amount of the stipend or allowance hereinbefore respectively required to be assigned to any such Curate.

LVII. And be it further cpacted, That in every case in which it shall be made out to the satisfaction of the Bishop ot any diocese, that any spiritual person holding any benefice is or has become non-resident or incapable of performing the duties thereof from age sickness or other unavoidable cause, and that front these or from any oilier special and peculiar circumstances of the case great hardship or inconvenience would arise if the full amount of salary specified in this Act should be allowed to the Curate, then and iu such case it shall be lawful for such Bishop to assign to the Curate any such salary less than the said full amount in this Act specified, as shall under all the circumstances appear to him just and reasonable: Provided always, that in the licence granted in every such case it shall be stated, that for special reasons the Bishop hath not thought proper to assLn to the Curate the full amount of salary allowed or required to be assigned by this Act :bvlvo<i)lfllso,

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy.

that such special reasons shall be entered fully and at large in a separate book to be kept for that purpose, and to be deposited in the registry of the diocese, which book snail not be open to inspection unless with the leave of the Bishop or by other proper authority, as in the cases of application for licences for non-residence.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any incumbent of two or more benefices, residing bona fide in different proportions of each and every year on some or one other of such benefices the full period specified by this Act, shall employ a Curate to perform ecclesiastical duty Interchangeably from time to time upon such of the benefices from which he shall be absent during his own actual residence upon any other thereof, then and in such ease it shall be lawful for the Bishop to assign to any such Curate any salary not exceeding such salary as would be allowed under this Act for the largest of such benefices, nor less than would be allowed for the smallest, as to the Bishon shall under all the circumstances appear just and reasonable: Provided always, that if any such Incumbent shall employ a Curate or Curates for the whole year upon each or any of such benefices, such Incumbent so residing bona fide as aforesaid, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the Bishop to assign to either or each of such Curates any such salary less than the ' amount specified in this Act, as he shall think fit.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act no spiritual person shall serve more than two churches in one day, or two chapels, or one church and one chapel in one day, unless from the local situation of the chun hes or chapels, or from the value of the benefices to which they belong, or other special causes, it may in the judgment of the Bishop be expedient or necessary for the performance of ecclesiastical duties in such places to grant licence to any spiritual person to serve three churches or chapels, then and in such case it sh ill DC lawful for the Bishop to grant such licence to any spiritual person to serve three churches or chapels, not being distant from each other more than four measured miles: Provided always, that in every such case the reasons for granting such licence shall be stated by the Bishop in the licence granted for serving the third of such churches or chapels helii by such spiritual persons, and such licence shall not be valid or effectual unless the reasons for granting the same are inserted therein as aforesaid: Provided always, that the residence of such curate or spiritual person shall be so placed as that it shall not be necessary for him to travel more than sixteen measured miles in one day tor the performance of the duties of such churches or chapels.

LX. And be it further enacted, That in every such case where any Bishop shall find it necessary or expedient for the obtaining any proper performance of ecclesiastical duties, to licence any person holding any benefice to serve as Curate of any adjoining or other p.trish or place, it shall be lawful for such Bishop to appoint for such spiritual person so licensed a salary less by a sum not excet ding thirty pounds per annum than the salary which in the several ca«es in this Act specified the bishop is required to assign and appoiut; and in every case where the Bishop shall find it necessary or expedient as aforesaid to licence one and the same person to serve as Curate for more than one parish or place, it shall be lawful for such Bishop to direct, that during such time as such Curate shall serve such churches or chapels the salary to be received by him for serving each of the said churches or chapels shall be less by a sum nor exceeding thirty pounds per annum than the salary which in the several cases herein-before mentioned the Bishop is required by this Act to assign and appoint.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all agreements and contracts made or to be made between persons holding benefices and their Curates in fraud or derogation of the provisions of this Act, and all agreements and contracts whereby any Curate shall undertake or in any manner bind himself to accept or be content with any stipend or salary less than that which shall be stated to be allowed in any licence of such Curate^-shall be void to all intents and purposes in the law whatsoever^ and sh&rfd£

148

No. XLn.

57 Geo. III. c. 99.

Salary of Curate engaged to serve interchangeably at different places belonging to the same Incumbent.

Spiritual persons not to serve more than two churches in one day, except in certain cases, and with special licence for that purpose from the

How the salaries shall be adjusted where the Curate is permitted to serve in an adjoining parish.

Agreements for salaries to Curates contrary to this Act, void.


144

No. XLU.

57 Geo. III. c. 99.

Statutes relating to the Clergy.

[Part I *

Curate's salary, if of the value of the benefice, shall be liable to certain charges.

The Bishop to allow the Rector, Ac. c. to deduct from Curate's salary, for repairs, to ’a limited amount, in certain cases.

Curates may be directed to reside in parsonage house in case of non-residence of Incumbents.

be set up pleaded or given in evidence in any court of law or equity:and notwithstanding the payment and acceptance, in pursuance ot any such contract or agreement, of any sum less than the sum specified in the licence of such Curate, or any receipt discharge or acquittance that may be given in cases of such payment and acceptance, the Curate or his personal representatives shall be and remain entitled to the full amount of what shall remain unpaid of the stipend salary or allowance, specified in his licence; and the payment of what shall so remain unpaid shall, together with treble costs of recovering t'le same, he enforced uy monition, oh proof of what shall so remain unpaid to the satisfaction or the Bishop, and by sequestration of profits of the benefice, to be issued by the Bishop for that purpose: Provided that the application of the Curate shall in every such case he made to the Bishop within twelve months after he shall have quitted his curacy, or by the representative of any Cura*e within twelve months after his death; and provided also, that no sequestration shall by virtue of this Act affect the profits of any benefice beyond the time during which the benefice shall be held by the person liable to make the payment in respect of which such profits snail be sequestered.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which any Bishop shall appoint for any Curate a salary equal to the whole annual value of such benefice, such salary shall be subject to deduction in respect of all such charges and outgoings as may legally affect the value of such benefice, and to any loss or diminution which may lessen such value without the wilful default or neglect of the spiritual person holding the benefice.

LXlil. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Bishop, upon the application of any Rector Vicar or spiritual person holding any benefice the whole profit or income of which shall have.been allotted to the Curate, to allow such Rector Vicar or spiritual )>erson to deduct and retain therefrom in any or each year so much money, not exceeding in any case one-fourth part of such profits or income, or of the salary assigned to the Curate, as shall have been actually laid out and expended during the year in the repair of the chancel parsohage vicarage or other house of residence ana premises and appurtenances thereto belonging, in respect of which suen Rector Vicar or person as aforesaid, or his executors administrators or assigns, would be liable for dilapidations to the successors; and it shall also be lawful for the Bishop in like manner to allow any Rector Vicar or spiritual person aforesaid, having or holding any benefice the profits or income of which shall not exceed one hundred and fifty pounds per annum, to deduct and retain from t)ie salary allotted to the Curate in each or any year, so much money as shall have been actually laid out and expended in such repairs as aforesaid over and above the amount of the surplus remaining of such profits or income after payment of the salary allotted to the Curate, so that the sum so deducted after laying out such surplus shall not in any year exceed one-fourth part of the salary allotted to the Curate.

IJilV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Bishop who shall grant any licence to any* Curate to .serve any or chapel where the Rector or Vicar or person holding not resident for four months in each year, to allot if he for the residence of such Curate the parsonage or

usual house of residence of the person holding t* offices stables gardens and appurtenances there shall be any such house of residence belonging parts thereof, during the time of such Curau' during the non-residence of such Rector or V and it shall be lawful for the Bishop msigni sidence to any Curate to sequester the prohUU the house shall belong, in any case in whi*l giVfen up to the Curate, and until such pos apply or direct the application of the

' Ml (-> ‘

ml t

Class II.]

Statutes relating to the Clergy.

tr&tion, or to remit the same or any part thereof, as the Bishop shall in his discretion think fit.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That in every case where the Bishop shall appoint for the Curate licensed to serve any benefice a salary not less than the whole gross annual value of the same, and shall in addition to such salary direct that such Curate shall reside in die parsonage or vicarage house, or usual house of .residence of the spiritual person nolding such benefice, such Curate shall be liable, during his serving such cure, to the same taxes and parochial rates and assessments, in respect of such house and the appendages thereof of which he may so be in occupation, as if he had been instituted or inducted or nominated or appointed to the said benefice.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Bishop at any dme, upon three months’ notice in writing, to direct any such Curate to deliver up any such parsonage or vicarage house or usual house of residence, and the offices stables gardens and appurtenances thereto belonging, and such Curate shall thereupon peaceably deliver up the possession of the said premises pursuant to such notice; and in case any such Curate shall refuse to deliver up such premises, he shall forfeit ana pay to the Rector or Vicar or spiritual person holding the benefice, the sum of forty shillings for every day of such wronglul possession, to be recovered by such Rector or Vicar or spiritual person by action of debt in any court of record at Wettm 'mMcr, as any penalties may be recovered for non-residence under this Act.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Rector or Vicar or other person holding any benefice, in any case in which the parsonage or vicarage or usual house of residence shall have been assigned to the Curate as a residence, to dispossess such Curate or take possession thereof, until the permission of the Bishop shall have been given in writing for that purpose, and three months’ notice of such his intention to the Curate, who snail thereupon quit the same according . to such notice'; and evety Curate who shall reside in the house of residence of any benefice which shall become vacant, shall quit such house of residence within three months after the institution or appointment of any spiritual person thereto, upon being required so to do by the spiritual person instituted or appointed, and having one month’s previous notice at the least given to him to quit such house of residence.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Curate shall quit any benefice to which he shall be licensed until after three months’ notice of hf9 intention to quit given to the person holding such benefice, and to the i of the diocese, unless with the consent of the Bishop of the

145 *

No. XLII. 57 Geo. III. c. 99.

Curates to pay Taxes of Parsonage Houses in certain cases.

Bishop may direct the Curate to give up jjoasooage.

Rector, See., shall not dispossess Curate of House without Order of the Bishop, and Three Months* Notice to Curate:

Curate to quit in One Month after Institution to a vaeant Benefice, &c. Curate not to quit Curacy assigned him without Three Months’ Notice to the Incumbent and Bisbop,

Bishop i

diocese, upon pain of forfeiting to the spiritual person holding the benefice a sum not exceeding the amount of his stipend for six months, at the discretion of the Bishop, which sum may in such case be retained out of the stipend, if the same or any part thereof shall remain unpaid; or if unde.r celUm the same cannot be retained out of the stipend, may be recovered by the spiritual person holding the benefice as any penalty or forfeiture under this Act may be recovered.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Bishop of the diocese to licence any Curate who is or shall be actually employed by the Rector Vicar or other Incumbent of any church or chapel, although

no express nomination of such Curate shall have been made to such Bishop by the said Rector Vicar or other Incumbent; and that the Bishop shall have power to revoke summarily and without process any licence granted to any Curate employed in his diocese, or subject to his jurisdiction by virtue of this Act, and to remove such Curate for any cause which shall appear to such Bishop to be good and reasonable; subject nevertheless to an appeal to the Archbishop of the province, and to be determined in a summary manner.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That every Bishop who shall grant or revoke any licence to any Curate under this Act shall and he is hereby required to cause a copy of such licence or revocation to he entered in

Bishop may licence Curates employed with < out Nomination, revoke any Licence. and remove Curate, subject to Appeal to the Archbishop.

Licence to Curates, and Revocations of

Vow I.

such Licences, to be entered in (be Registry of the Diocese,

146

No. XLII. t>7 Geo. III. c. 99.

Clauses relating to Bishops to apply to Archbishops in their Dioceses.

Definition of the term Benefice.

Statute* relating to the Clergy. (Part 1.

the registry of the diocese within which the benefice in respect whereof any such licence shall be granted or revocation made shall be locally situate, and an alphabetical list of such licences and revocations shall be made out by the registrar of each diocese, and entered in a book, and kept for the inspection of all persona, upon payment of the sum of three shillings and no more; and a copy of every such licence and revocation with respect to any benefice shall be transmitted by the said registrar to the churchwardens or chapel wardens of the parish township or place to which the same relates, within one month after the grant of such licence or revocation thereof, to be by them deposited in the parish chest; and every registrar who shall refuse or neglect or omit to make any such entry, or to transmit any such copy, shall forfeit for every such offence or neglect the sum of five pounds, to be recovered as any penalty or forfeiture maybe recovered under this Act: provided always that every such registrar shall, for every such copy transmitted to such churchwardens or chapelwardens as aforesaid, be entitled to demand and have from such churchwardens or chapelwardens a foe of ten shillings and no more; and such fee shall be allowed in the accounts of such churchwardens or chapelwardens.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That all the powers authorities provisions regulations penalties forfeitures clauses matters and things in this Act contained in relation to Bishops in their dioceses, shall extend and be construed to extend to the Archbishops in the respective dioceses of which they are Bishops, and also in their own peculiar jurisdictions, as fully and effectually as if the Archbishops were named with the Bishops in every such case.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases wherein the term benefice is used in this Act, the said term shall be understood and taken to mean benefices with cure and no others, and to comprehend therein for the purposes of this Act all donatives perpetual curacies ami parochial chapel ries.

Power of Arch- LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Archbishop ami bidiops and Bishop within the limits of whose province or diocese respectively any Bishop as to benefice respectively exempt or peculiar shall be locally situate, shall Benefices, Ac. c., have use and exercise all the powers and authorities necessary for the due Exempt or re- execution by them respectively of the provisions and purposes of this Act, and for enforcing the same with regard thereto respectively as such Archbishop and Bishop rcs|*ectively would have used ami exercised if the same were not exempt or peculiar, but were subject in all respects to the jurisdiction of such Archbishop or Bishop; and where any benefice exempt or peculiar shall be locally situate within the limits of more than one province or diocese, or where the same or any of them shall he locally situate between the limits of the two provinces, or between the limits of any two or more such dioceses, the Archbishop or Bishop of the cathedral church, to whose province or dioce4e the parish church of the same respectively shall be nearest in local situation, shall have use and exercise all the powers and authorities which are necessary for the dtie execution of the provisions of this Act, ami enforcing the same with regard thcieto respectively, as such Archbishop or Bishop could have used if the same were not exempt or peculiar, but were subject in all respects to the jttrhdiciirm of such Archbishop or Bishop respectively, and the same for all the purposes of this Act shall lie deemed and taken to be within the limits of the province or diocese of such Archbishop or Bishop, provided that the peculiars belonging to any Archbishopricfc or Bishoprick, (hough locally situate in another diocese, shall continue subject to the Archbishop or Bishop to whom they belong, as well for the purposes of this Act as for all other purposes of Ecclesiastical jurisdiction.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in every-case in which jurisdiction is given to the Bishop of the diocese, or to any Archbishop, under the provisions of this Act, and for the purposes thereof, and the enforcing the due execution of the provisions thereof, all other and concurrent

culiar, locally situate within their Provinces;

and al«o aa ro Benefice- *, Ac. c., situate in more than one Province, or between the limits of two *

Peculiars shall be subject to the Archbishop or Bishop to whom they belong.

In every case in which jurisdiction is given to Bishop, Ac, all

concurrent jurisdiction to cease.

CJhWS 11.] StUhtteg fdati the Clergy.

jurisdlctiofi in Inspect thereof shall wholly cease, and no othet* jurisdiciion in relation to the provisions of this Act shall be Used exercised or etifdrted* save and except such jurisdiction of the Bishop and Archbishop under this Act; any thing ill any Act or Acts of Parliament, or law or laws, or usage of custom, to the Contrary notwithstanding.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where proceedings under this Act are directed by monition and sequestration, such monition shall issue under the hand and seal of the Bishop, and being duly served shall be returned, with a certificate of service, into the registry of the Consistorial Court of such Bishop; and thereupon it shallbe competent for the party monished to show cause by affidavit or otherwise, as the case may require, against the sequestration issuing; and unless Sufficient cause be shown to the contrary, the sequestration shall issue unaer the seal of the said Cotisistdfial Court, add ih such form as is commonly used on that behalf.

LXXVI. And be it Aiftlwf enacted, That It shall be lawful for the Bishop of any dioOese in which any Spiritual person shall hold any dignity or benefice, or shall serve a3 stipendiary Curate, to recover any penalty incurred under this Act in a summary way, by monition and sequestration to be issued iq the manner by this Act directed, With the like powers and authorities, and subject to the like restrictions in respect to the remission and repayment of such penalty as are by this Act par* tictlldrly provided in respect to penalties for non reridence: Provided always, twit nO spiritual peftori against whom any Sudh proceedings Shall have been had by any Bishop for the recovery of any penalty, Shall thereafter be subject to any action at law by any informer or other person for the recovery of any penalty for the same offence in respect of Which such proceeding shill have been SO had by the Bishdp as dfbfe* •aid,

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That any fees charges costs or eapences incurred or directed to be paid by any spiritual person Under the provisions of this Act, which shall remain unpaid for the period of twenty-one days after demand thereof in writing delivered to or left at the Usual or last place of abude of the spiritual person liable to the payment thereof may be recovered by monition and sequestration, to be Issued in the manner directed by this Act.

LXXVlIt. .Provided always and be it further enacted, That none of the provisions of this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to render Void or invalid before the thirty-first day of Decethher next any licence Or exemption which would have been otherwise Valid and effectual, not to require any licence to be taken before the said thirty-first day of December next, Which would not have been1 Acquired by law before the passing of this Act.

LXXIX. And belt further enacted, That no commission issued by any Bishop to any Commissary or Commissaries appointed to administer the oaths required to be taken by any Curate tor the purpose of any licence or licences granted under the provisions of this- Act shall be suh: Ject to any stamp duty; any thing contained in any Act or Act9 of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act Contained shall extend, or be Construed to extend, to alter or affect his Majesty's Royal Prerogative in the granting of Dispensations for non-residence upon benefices, as the same now exists by law.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That no parsonage that hath a Vicar endowed, or that hath a perpetual Curate, and having no cure of souls, shall be deemed or taken to be a benefice within the intent and meaning of this Act.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Archbishop or Bishop having or who shall have any benefice shall by reason of non-residence upon the same he subject or liable to any penalties or forfeitures: provided always, that any Archbishop or Bishop who shall hold any benefice in commendom With his Archbishoprick or Bishoprick, shall nominate and appoint a resident Curate according to the provisions of this Act.

147

No. XLIL

57 Geo. III. c. 99.

Monitions and Sequestrations.

Penalties to be recovered by Monition end Sequestration.

Recovery of Fees, &c.

Act not to invalidate Licences before 31st Dec., nor to require any Licence before that time.

Commission In administer Oaths not to be subject toStamp Duty.

Act not to af* feet his Majesty's Prerogative in granting Dispensations Parson sge without Cure of Seals net deem* ed a Benefice. No Archbishop or Bishop shall be liable to the Penalties for non-residence.

148

No. XLII.

57 Geo. IIL

c. 99.

•Not to affect powers of Bishops; nor the doe

Celebration of Diviae Service.

Act not to extend to Ireland.

Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

•LXXX1II. And be it further enacted, that nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed construed or taken' to derogate from diminish prejudice alter or affect otherwise than is expressly provided, any powers authorities rights or jurisdiction already vested in or belonging to any Archbishop or Bishop under or by virtue of any statute canon usage or otherwise howsoever.

LXXX1V. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or alter the provisions contained in any Act of Parliament, or any other provision of law for the due celebration of divine service in any church or chapel or for the discharge of any other duty of any Rector or Vicar or person holding any benefice by himself or his Curate*.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That no provision in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

[No. XLIII.] 58 Geo. III. c. 45.—An Act for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous Parishes. — [20th May 1818.]

[No. XLIV.] 59 Geo III. c. 40—An Act to secure Spiritual Persons in the possession of Benefices in certain cases. — [14th June lo!9.]

[No. XLV.] 59 Geo. III. c. 60.—An Act to permit the Archbishops of Canterbury and York, and the Bishop of London, for the Time being, to admit Persons into Holy Orders specially for the Colonies. — [2d July 1819.] WHEREAS it is expedient that the Archbishops and Bishops of this T realm should from time to time admit into Holy Orders persons specially destined for the cure of souls in His Majesty's foreign possessions, although such persons may not be provided with the tide required by the canon of the Church of England of such as are to be made ministers: And whereas it will greatly tend to the advancement of religion within the same that due provision shall be regularly made for a supply of persons properly qualified to serve as Parsons Vicars Curates or chaplains; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty oy and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the Archbishop of Canterbury the Archbishop of York or the Bishop of London for the time being, or any Bishop specially authorized and empowered by any or either of them, to admit into the Holy Orders of Deacon or Priest any person whom he shall upon examination deem duly qualified specially for the purpose of taking upon himself the cure of souls or officiating in any spiritual capacity in His Majesty's colonies or foreign possessions and residing therein, and that a declaration of such purpose and a written engagement to perform the same under the hand of such person being deposited m the hands of such Archbishop or Bishop shall be held to be a sufficient title with a view to such ordination; ana that in every such case it shall be distinctly stated in the letters of ordination of every person so admitted to Holy Orders Letters of Ordi- that he has been ordained for the cure of souls in His Majesty's foreign nation. possessions.

No person so H. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforc-ordamedcapable add, That no person so admitted into the Holy Ordcis of Deacon or of holding a Priest, for the purpose of taking upon himself the cure of souls, or offi-Living in Great dating in any spiritual capacity in his Majesty’s %$ig^possessions, shall Britain or Ireland without the consent of the Bishop of the Diocese, &c.

Archbishop of Canterbury or York, or Bishop of London, or any Bishop specially authorized by any of them, may ordain specially for the Colonies,

The fact to be stated in the

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy. 149

be capable of having holding or enjoying, or of being admitted to any No. XLV. parsonage vicarage benefice or other ecclesiastical promotion or dignity go Qeo ttj whatsoever within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or of acting as Curate therein without the previous consent and approba- ' _ ° *

tion in writing of the Bishop of the diocese under his hand and seal in which any such parsonage vicarage benefice or other ecclesiastical promotion or dignity shall be locally situated, nor without the like consent and approbation of such one of the said Archbishops or Bishop of London, by whom or by whose authority such person shall have been originally ordained, or in case of the demise or translation of such Archbishop or Bishop, of his successor in the same see: Provided always, that no such Certificate of consent and approbation shall be given by any such Archbishop or Bishop good behaviour of London, unless the party applying for the same shall first produce a to be produced, testimony of his good behaviour during the time of his residence abroad from the Bishop in whose diocese he may have officiated, or in case there be no Bishop from the Governor in Council of the colony in which he may have been resident, or from His Majesty’s principal Secretary of State for the Colonial Department.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of Persona ordain-this Act no person who shall have been admitted into Holy Orders by ed by the the Bishops of Quebec, Nova Scotia, or Calcutta, or by any other Bishop BishopaofQue-or Archbishop than those of England or Ireland, shall be capable of offi- bee, Nova Sco-ciadng in any church or chapel of England or Ireland without special or Calcutta, permission from the Archbishop of the province in which he proposes to equallyrertrain* officiate, or of having holding or enjoying, or of being admitted to any ed* parsonage or other ecclesiastical preferment in England or Ireland, or of

acting as Curate therein, without the consent and approbation of the Archbishop of the province, and also of the Bishop of the diocese in which any such parsonage or ecclesiastical preferment or curacy may be situated.

IV. Provided always, That no person who after the passing of this Persons ordain-Act shall have been ordained a Deacon or Priest by a colonial Bishop, ed by a Colonial who at the time of such ordination did not actually possess an episcopal Bwhdp not po«-jurisdietion over some diocese distrk - place, or was not actually

residing within such division district *», shall be capable in any Mdlngin 1 D, °"

way, or on any pretence whatever, of time holding any parsonage &c* notJ? or other ecclesiastical preferment wit! .s Majesty’s dominions, or of being a stipendiary Curate or Chapla’n r of officiating at any place or ment actill" in any manner as a Minister of the Established Church of England and u a Minister Ireland• the established

V. And be it further enacted, That all admissions institutions and Church, inductions to benefices in the Church of England, or Church, of Ireland, Admissions to and all appointments to act as Curates therein, which shall be made Benefices and contrary to the provisions of this Act, shall be to all intents and purposes Appointments null and void:Provided always, that nothing herein shall be construed to toCuracies^on-make void any admission institution or induction to any benefice, or any txvry hereto, appointment as Curate, which shall have been made previous to the

pausing of this Act.

VI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be Act not to aU construed to affect or to repeal any or the provisions of an Act passed feet or to repeal in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled 26 Geo. III. An Act to empower the Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Archbishop of c. 84.

York for the time being, to consecrate to the office of a Bishop, persons being subjects or citizens of countries out of his Majestys dominions.

[No. XLVI.] 59 Geo. III. c. 134.—An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous Parishes.—

[13 July 1819.] ^.

[Part 1%

m

No. XLVII. 1 Geo. IV. e. 6.

55 G. 3. c. 147.

Barristers named'in Commissions for Exchanges, &c. in Middlesex, to be named by the Chief Justice of the King’s Bench

Flats.

So much of recited Act as direct; the Schedules of the Acts of 17 G. 3. c. 53, and 21 G. 3. c. 65. to be used, to bg repealed.

Statute* relating to the Clergy.

[No. XLVII.] 1 Geo. JV. c. 6.—An Act to amend and

render i»ore effectual an Act, passed In the Fifty-fifth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for enabling Spiritual Persons to exchange their Parsonage Houses or Glebe Lands, and for other purposes therein mentioped.*-'-[6th June 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the fifty-.fifth year of the reign of his TT late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for enabling Spiritual Persons to exchange the Parsonage or Glebe Houses or Glebe lands belonging to their Benefices for others of greater value, or more conveniently situated for their Residence and Occupation; and/or annexing such Houses and Lands so taken in Exchange to such Benefices as Parsonage or Glebe Houses and Glebe Lands, and for purchasing and annexing Lands to become Glebe in certain Cases, and for other Purposes i And whereas it is by the said recited Act enacted, mat the Bishop shall, in cases of exchange and purchase under the said Act, issue a Commission of inquiry for the purposes therein mentioned, to be directed to such persons as are therein described, and of whom one shall be a barrister or three years* standing at the least, to be named by the senior judge of Nisi Frius for the county in which the benefice perpetual curaey or parochial chapelry whereto it shall be proposed to annex any buildings or land by exchange or purchase under the said Act shall be situate $ but inasmuch ms the nomination of such barrister by a judge of Nisi Frips is not applicable to the county of Middlesex; he it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That where any exchange or purchase shall be made or be proposed to be made tinder the authority of the said Act in any benefice perpetual curaey or parochial chapelry situate within the said oounty of Middlesex, such barrister shall be named by the Chief Justice of the Court of King’s Bench for the time being, or by the Chief Justice of the Court of Common Fleas at Westminster for the time being. (II. And whereas it is by the said recited Act enacted, that so much of the forms contained in the schedules of the said therein-recited Acts of the seventeenth and twenty first years of his then (and now late) Majesty King George the Third, as were applicable to the provisions of that Act, should, with such variations thereof as should render them so applicable, be used and applied to the purposes of that Act; but inasmuch as the said forms contained in the said schedules are not adapted to the provisions of the said firsts recited Act, and the endeavours so to apply the said forms have been attended with inconvenience; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so much of the said first-recited Act as directs that the forms contained in the schedules of the said Acts of the seventeenth and twenty-dirst years of the reign of his said late Majesty should be used and applied to the purposes ul the said first-recited Act, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

[No. XLVIII.] 3 Geo. IV, c. 72.—An Act to amend and render more effectual two Acts passed in the Fifty* eighth and Fifty-ninth Years of His late Majesty, for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous Parishes. — [22d 1822.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the fifty-eighth year of the reign of His

58 G. 3, o. 45. T Iste Majesty, intituled An Act for building and promoting the building of

additional Churthet in paptdaut t And whereas another Act passed

59 G. 3. c. 134. >n the fifty-ninth year of the reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to.

amend and render more effectual an Act passed in thf of

Class U.]

Statute* relating to the Clergy.

meat, for building and promoting the building of additional churches populous parishes: And whereas it is expedient and necessary that some of the provisions of the said recited Acts should be amended, and other provisions thereof explained and enlarged, and that further and additional provisions should be made for rendering the said two recited Acts more effectual; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall be lawfuf for the Master General and principal Officers of his Majesty’s Ordnance, and also for the Comptroller of the Barrack Department, and also for the principal officers of any other Public Department, having or holding any messuages or buildings, or any lands, grounds, tenements, or hereditaments, for and on behalf of His Majesty, for the public use of any such Department, by any grant or conveyance, signed by the Master General or any two of the principal Officers of the Ordnance Department; or by any grant or conveyance, signed by the Comptroller of the Barrack Department; or by any grant or conveyance, signed by any one or more of the principal officers of any such other public Department as aforesaid, and countersigned, as to all such last-mentioned grants or conveyances, by any three Or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and It eland] and it shall also be lawful for any and every body politic, corporate, and collegiate, and corporation aggregate or sole, or for any trustees, guardians, commissioners, or other person* having the controul, care, or management of any hospital, schools, charitable foundations, or other public institutions, by any grant or conveyance signed by or under the seal of such body or corporation respectively, to give, grant, and convey any messuages, buildings, lands, grounds, tenements, or hereditaments respectively; and if any such messuages, buildings, lands,

Srounds, tenements, or hereditaments respectively, snail be copyhold at le time of any such gift, grant, or conveyance, in any case in which the Lord Is willing to enfranchise the same; to be used as sites for churches or chapels, or for enlarging sites of churches or chapels; or for church or chapel yards or cemeteries, or for enlarging sites tor church or chapel yards or cemeteries; or for parsonages or residences for ecclesiastical persons; and all such gifts, grants, and conveyances shall be made to the Commissioners, or such other person or persons as shall be specified by the said Commissioner *, under the said recited Acts and this Act, to lie used for the purposes thereof; and all such gifts and grants may be made and given without any valuable consideration whatever; and all conveyances and assurances made for carrying any such gifts or grants .Into effect shall be valid and effectual in the Taw to all intents anu pur* poses whatsoever, any law, statute, usage, or custom to the contrary

thereof r~ ~ - . _» 1:*!- ---colleg as ai

grant, conveyance, or enfranchisement, which, he, ' she, or tfiey, or any of them, shall respectively make or convey by virtue of or in pursuance and for the purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That all grants, conveyances, and assurances which shall be made under the authority of the said recited Acts or this Act, or either of them, of any messuages, buildings, lands, grounds, tenements, or hereditaments, whether belonging to His Majesty as part of the Duchy of Cornwall, or of the Duchy of Lancaster, or otherwise, or to any body or persons whatever, to the said Commissioners, or any other person or persons under their direction, for the purposes of the recited Acts and this Act, may and shall be made according to the form following, or in such other form as the case may require, or as gear thereto as the circumstances of the case will admit; videlicet,

• T [or We, or the Corporate Title if a Corporation] under the authority 1 and for the purposes of an Act passed in the fifty-eighth year of the reign of His late Majesty intituled An Act for building and proxnotidg

150a

No. XLVIII. 3 Geo. IV. c. n.

Ordnance and other Public Departments, and all corporations, may give messuages, lands, &c. for sites for churches, &c.

Forms of grant or conveyance.

150 *

NO.XLVIII. 3 Geo. IV. c. 7«.

Commiajoners may obtain or receive lands or grounds required for enlaig-ing or rebuilding any church or chapel whether contiguous to old site or not.

Fines for renewals at the time of lands, &c. taken shill be paid to the person entitled to mew.

Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part 1.

the building of additional churches in populous parishes; hnd of another Act passed in the fifty-ninth year of the reign of bis late Majesty, intituled " An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for building and promoting the building of additional churches in populous parishes; " and of another Act passed in the third year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act to amend and render more effectual two Acts passed in the fifty-eighth and fift>ninth years of His late Majesty? for building and promoting the building of additional Churches m populous Parishes; " do hereby freely and voluntarily give to His Majesty’s Commissioners, [or, to] (as the case may require); and by these presents, freely and voluntarily, and without any valuable consideration; [if the lands, et cetera, are conveyed for a valuable consideration, leave out the Words in Italics, and insert, do, for and in consideration of the sum of to me, or us, or the paid, hereby, under

the authority of the several recited Acts, grant, convey, aad release to the said] all [describing the premises to be conveyed]

and all [my, or our, or the] right, title, ana interest of [if a Corporation], to, and iq the same and every part thereof; to hold to the said and their successors, for the purposes of the said several Acts, and to be devoted, when consecrated, to ecclesiastical punwse* for ever, by virtue and according to the true intent and meaning or the said several recited Acts. In witness whereof, et cetera. ’

And all such conveyances and assurances shall be valid and effectual in the law, to all intents and purposes, and shall be a complete bar to all estates tail and other estates, rights, titles, trusts, ana interests and incumbrances whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners under the said recited Acts and this Act to procure and obtain, or require parishes, chapelries, townships, and places to provide and furnish, by all or any of such ways and means as are specified in the said recited Acts or either of them, or this Act in relation to sites for additional churches, or for church or chapel yards or cemeteries, or to accept and receive as gifts and grants under and for the purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, and to take grants of to themselves, or direct grants of to be made to any other persons specified by them for that purpose, any such land or ground, or additional land or ground, as may in the judgment of the said Commissioners be required for the enlarging or improving any church or chapel, and also any land or gfbund which may be required or be convenient tor the rebuilding of any church or chapel, whether contiguous or not to the present site thereof; and all the powers, authorities, clauses, and provisions in the said recited Acts or either of them, or in this Act, contained, in relation to the obtaining or procuring any lands or grounds, or requiring any lands or grounds to be provided or furnished by any parishes or places for any sites for additional churches, or any other purpose of the said recited Acts, shall extend and be construed to extend to the obtaining, procuring, requiring, accepting, or receiving under the authority of the said recited Acts or this Act, or either ot them, any lands or grounds for the purposes aforesaid, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if all such powers and authorities had been given, and all such clauses and provisions had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act as to such lands and grounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which any lands, tenements, hereditaments, or any interests in or arising out of any lands, tenements or hereditaments, shall be given up, sold, or surrendered by, or taken, under the provisions of the said Actor this Act, from any body politic or corporate, or person, and which any such body politic, corporate, or person shall be entitled to take any fine or fines upon the renewal of any life or lives or of any lease or leases upon or of any such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, the amount of the value of the interest of such body politic or corporate, or person, which would arise out of the renewal of such life or lives or lease or leases, if the same were renewed

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy.

at the time of such lands, tenements, or hereditaments being so given up, sold, surrendered, or taken, shall be paid to the body politic, corporate, or person entitled thereto, out of the principal sum ascertained under the provisions of the said recited Acts as the value of such lands, tenements, or hereditaments; and the remainder of such principal sum shall be applied under the provisions of the said Tecited Acts or this Act

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners under the said recited Acts and this Act to lend and advance to any parish or place any such sum as to the said Commissioners may appear to be required and expedient to lend and advance, for building of any additional church or chapel or churches or chapels, or rebuilding or in aid of building or rebuilding any church or chapel, or for or towards completion of the building or rebuilding of any church or chapel already commenced or in part built or rebuilt, or for the payment or part payment of any expences or sums due or to become due upon any contract heretofore made or which may hereafter be made for any such building or rebuilding, or for the completion of any such building or rebuilding, or for enlarging or in aid of the enlarging or improving any church or chapel in any parish or place, or for the purchase or in aid of the purchasing of any land or ground for any site for any church or chapel, or church or chapel yard or cemetery, or enlarging any site of church or chapel yard or cemetery, or for carrying into execution any other purposes of the said recited Acts or this Act, for any such oeriod or term as the Commissioners shall think fit, upon payment for any such loan or advance of such annual interest, not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, or without any interest, if under special circumstances they shall think it expedient and fit, either for any part or for the whole of the term or period for which such loan or advance shall be made, as the said Commissioners shall, under all the circumstances, judge proper; and such loans and advances shall be repaid at such times ana in such manner and by such instalments as shall be settled by the Commissioners in that behalf, and shall be charged and chargeable upon the church rates of the parishes or places, or upon rates to oe made for that purpose, as is provided in the said recitea Acts in relation to advances authorized by the said recited Acts; and the amount of all such advances when repaid, and of all interest paid upon any such advances to the said Commissioners, shall be appliea to the purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, any thing in the said recited Acts or either of them to the contrary notwithstanding; and it shall be lawful for the church or chapel wardens of any such parish or place, and they and each of them are hereby empowered, authorized, ana required, to declare any such loan or advance, ana also every other loan or advance made under the authority of the said recited Acts and this Act, to be applied to any of the purposes thereof, to be chargeable and charged upon the church rates or such parish or place, by any instrument in the form he rein-after mentioned, or in such other form being as near thereto as the nature of the case will admit or the circumstance of the case shall require:

4 WHEREAS His Majesty’s Commissioners for building new churches, 4 acting under the authority of and in pursuance of the provisions con* taioed in the several Acts passed for the building and promoting the

* building of churches in populous parishes, or, A. 6. of

4 and C. D. of have [recite shortly the Loan and C*r4 cumstance, and Terms, it catera; ] We therefore, or I, A. B.

4 being of the church

* [or chapel] wardens of [describe them] do, by these presents, charge

* the said [describe the parish or place]

4 with the said sum of and with the repay4 roent thereof, according to the terms and conditions above stated; and 1 do hereby, in pursuance of the provisions of the said Acts, or some or one of them, declare that the said sura of i9 and shall

4 continue to be chargeable and charged upon the church [or chapel 1 4 rates now raised or hereafter to be raised in the said [partsh^ i^rcaterd] 4 until the said sum of, together with the interest, is

150 c No. XLVIII: 3 Geo. IV. c.7*.

Commissioners may lend Money for purpose of Acts at such interest, not exceeding the legal interest, or without interest, as they shall deem fit.

Loans to be charged on the Church Rates.

Form of Charge

1504

NO.X&VIII. Geo. IV. c. 73.

Money may be tailed by Annuities *

36 0'l.f.M.

Ac, * to make Gmnu or Loans

for procuring Land, &c., and apply thepoweia of any local or other Acts for the purposes thereof.

Commissioners empowered to take Land for Parishes on j»yi*g tfee re *

Apportioning of Quit or other reserved Rents.

Statute* relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

fully repaid according to the term, and conditions above set forth.

1 Witness, et c<etcra, f

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the church or chapel wardens of any parish or place, in which any sum or sums of money is or are authorized or reouired to he raised for any of the purposes of the said recited Acts or this Act, to raise any such sum or sums of money, or any part or proportion thereof, by the grant or grants of any annuity or annuities: Provided always, that no larger or greater rate of annuity shall be granted or given upon any life or lives lor any money advanced than is specified in the tables annexed to an Act passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of Uis late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for repealing certain Duties on Legacies and Shorts of Per. sqhqI Estates, undfvr granting other Duties thereon in certain cases,

VH, And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and also fur any parish or place for which any Act or Acts of Parliament shall have been passed in relation to the building or rebuilding or enlarging any church or chapel, or enlarging or procuring any church or chapel yard or cemetery, to make any grants or loans, or give or grant any other aid or assistance in procuring sites for churches or chapels, or land or ground for such church or chapel yards or cemetery, or any addition thereto, and to use. enforce, and apply all the powers, authorities, claims, regulations, and provisions in the said several Acts and this Act contained, for carrying into execution any of the purposes thereof, any thing in any Act or Acts relating to any such parish or place to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which any parish or place shall not have been able, or shall not hereafter be able to procure any land or ground for the building or rebuilding any church or chapel, or enlarging any existing church or chapel, or for the making of any yard to any church or chapel, or for any cemetery, or for enlarging any yard to any church or chapel, or any cemetery, by reason of the inability of any person or persons, body or bodies, interested in such land or ground or any part thereof, to convey or make .a good title to the same, freed and discharged from all incumbrances; or that any such person or persons, or body or bodies, shall be unwilling to treat for the sale thereof, or cannot agrfce for such sale and purchase; then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, if upon consideration of all the circumstances of the case they shall think proper, to take such land or ground for any such purpose as aforesaid, for any such parish or place; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners in every such case to use, apply, and put in fpree all such of the powers and authorities of the said recited Adfe or this Act respectively, as may be necessary for the assessing, ascertaining, and

Spaying the value, and taking and giving possession of any such land or round; and all the powers and authorities in the said recited Acts and lia Act contained, in relation to the assessing or ascertaining, and to the paying the sums assessed on the value of, and to the taking and giving possession of sites for churches to be built under the said reoitea Acts and this Act, shall extend and apply to the assessing and ascertaining, and to the paying the sums assessed as the value, and to the taking ana giving possession of such land or ground, as fully and effectually to all intents and pur|K>ses as if the same were severally smd separately repeated and re-enacted for the purposes aforesaid; any thing in the said recited Acts, or either of them, or this Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any quit, chief, or other rent or rent charge, either for term of years or for life or lives, or in fee, shall be reserved upon or payable out of any lands, tenements, or here* ditaments, part of which may be given, sold, or takeu under the provisions of the said recited Acts or this Act for the purposes thereof respectively, and difficulties may arise as to the apportioning such rents, and exonerating the portions of any such lands, tenements, or hereditaments so given, sold, or taken for any claim in respect of such rents, and as to the effectually charging the remainder of such lands, tenements, or hereClass 1J.] Statutetrelating to the Clergy,

ditatnenU with the remainder of such rent, it shall be lawful for tbs pub* lie or corporate body or trustees, or other persons giving or selling any such portion of any such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or from whom the same may be taken under the provisions of the said recited Acts'or this Act, to apportion auy such rent, with the consent and concurrence of the said Commissioners; and the lands, tenements, and hereditament! used and applied for the purposes of the said Acts or this Act shall ill every such case be wholly exonerated from any such rents or any part thereof, but the remaining part of such lands, tenements, or hereditaments shall not be thereby discharged from the remaining part of the rent fixed by any such apportionment, and the rent so apportioned shall in every such case be deemed the entire rent upon the remaining part of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments; and all remedies by distress, entry, action, or otherwise, which might have been used and applied for the recovery of the original entire rent, shall be used, enforced, and ep-plied for the recovery of the rent fixed by such apportionment *

X. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which any pariah or place shall be divided into separate parishes for ecclesiastical purposes, pr into separata districts or cnapelries, in which select vestries shall be appointed by the Commissioners for such parishes under the provisions pr the said recited Acte, aU the members of or persons belonging to the select vestry of the original parish, who shall reside in or belong to the district or division of the original church nr chapel of the parish or place, shall continue to act as the vestry of suoh district or division apd of the Church or chapel thereof, in all matters relating to such church or chapel and the repairs thereof (or to any other ecclesiastical matters or things, or in the distribution of any proportion of any bequests, gifts, or charities which may under the provisions of this Act oe assigned to any such dis* tript or division); any thing in the said recited Acts or this Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that no member of any select Vestry of any such parish or place shall, after any such division as aforesaid, act in relation to any matters or things relating to any church or chapel, or churches or chapels, or any repairs thereof; or any matters or things relating thereto, or any other ecclesiastical matters or things, except such as are within or belonging or relate to the division in which he shall reside; and if by reason of any such division as aforesaid a sufficient number of such members of select vestry shall not remain resident in the division of the parish or place within which the original church or chapel of the parish or place shall be situate, according to such proportion aa shall be fixed by the Commissioners pn that behalf, regard neing had to the population of such division, and the relative proportion thereof to the population of the whole parish or place, all such deficiencies shall he filled np as deficiencies or vacancies in such parish or place have been heretofore filled up in such parish or place: Provided always, that no member of any such select vestry or inhabitant of any such parish or place shall vote in the supplying such deficiencies, unless resident within the division of the parish or place for which the member or members to supply deficiencies are to be chosen: provided also, such persons so chosen shall not by reason thereof be aeemed members of the vestry of any such parish or place for any other purposes than such as relate to the church or ohurchcs, or chape! or chapels, or the coclesiastical affairs of the division of the parish or place for which they shall be so chosen, or for the distribution of any charitable*gifts or bequests therein; Pro* vided also, that all the members of the select vestry of any such parish or place, resident in any other divisions of any such parish or place, shall in every case be members of such vestry or vestries as shall be an* pointed under the provisions of the said recited Acts or this Act for too respective divisions of the parish or place in which they, shall respectively reside.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall lie lawful for the said Commissioners In every case in which they 9hallbe of opinion that it will be expedient to divide, or in which the said Commissioners shall have

150,

NoXLVUl.

3 Gw, IV. c. 7

In

of division of Parish, Vestrymen being resident in the district left to the original parish church shall continue to act as Vestrymen of such district for Be* cMaatfealpprVestrymet) to act only In the division 0t tht! *

residence,

How dafaieeey •f Vestrymen is to hemp-plied.

hi ease of

division of Perishes, apportion charitable Gifts and Debts,

160/

NO.XLVIII. Geo. IV. c. 72.

ComsnttttonerB may direct that Feaa for Marri-i|« and Bulimia, in case of division into district Parishes, shall continue to belong to the Incumbent of original Church of the Pariah.

aaeein

: h the Recti Tirhesy, shall be endered by ropriators,

, for the ose of coning Vicar-into Reels, the Comie same gi< □new, 3v

Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part I,

divided, any parish or place into two or more distinct and separate p*» rishes, district parishes or chapelries, for ecclesiastical purposes, under the provisions of the said recifod Acts, to apportion, if the Commissioners shall in their discretion think it expedient, among such separate divisions

of any such parish or place so made separate or district parishes or chapelries, for ecclesiastical purposes, any charitable bequests or gifts which shall have been made or given to any such parish or place, or the produce thereof; and in any such case, to direct that the distribution of the proportions of such bequests or gifts, or the produce thereof, as shall be so apportioned to any such separate divisions of ai$r such parish, shall be made and distributed by the spiritual Person serving the church or chapel of any such separate divisions, or the church or chapel wardens or select vestry of any such separate divisions, either jointly or severally, as the Commissioners may in their discretion (regard being had to the nature of the bequest or gift, and the application thereof) think expedient; and also to apportion among such separate divisions any debts which may have been before the period of such apportionment contracted or charged upon the credit of any church rates in such parish or place, regard being had in all such apportionments to the circumstances of suen parish or place, and of the respective divisions thereof so made separate and distinct for ecclesiastical purposes as aforesaid; and all such apportionments shall be registered in the registry of the diocese in which the parish or place shall be locally situate, ana duplicates thereof shall be deposited with the Churchwardens of eaeh such separate districts as aforesaid, in respect of or in relation to which any such apportionments as aforesaid shall have been made. 1

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in every case in which any parish or place shall be divided, under the provisions of the said recited Acts, into district parishes or places for ecclesiastical purposes, with distinct district churcnes for each of such divisions, to order and direct, with the consent of the Bishop of the diocese, that alL or any proportion of the fees, dues, and emoluments arising and accruing from the publication of banns and celebration of marriages, and from churchings and burials, and the making, opening, or using any catacombs, vaults, or ground for burials, in*all or any the several districts and divisions of such parish or extra-parochial place, shall remain with and continue to belong to, ancLto be received by or for, and on account of, and to the use of, and to be accounted lor wholly or in part, as the case may require, to the Incumbent of the oriS'nal church or chape), any thing in the said recited Acts or either of lem, or in this Act, contained to <he contrary notwithstanding; and every such order shall be registered in the registry of the diocese, and a duplicate copy thereof deposited and kept in the respective chests of the churches and chapels respectively of such parish or place: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, with such consent as aforesaid, at any time within five years after the making of any such original order or direction, to annul or in any manner to alter any such order or direction, or the appropriation made thereby; and suen new order or direction, or alteration, when made, shall be registered in manner aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to convert any vicarage of any parish or place, or the separate divisions of any vicarage of any parish or place, divided under the said recited Acts, or this Act, into a rectory or rectories instead of a vicarage or vicarages, in any case in which the owner or owners entitled in lee simple to the rectory or tithes, if an impropriate rectory, or the Patron entitled in fee simple of a sinecure rectory, and also the Incumbent of the sinecure rectory of any such parish or place, if the same shall not be void at the time of any such conversion, and the person or persons (if any) entitled to the absolute interest iu any lease granted of the sinecure rectory or

Ilebe or tithes thereof, shall be willing to restore and release and reunite e tithes and glebe, and all other rectorial rights, dues, and emoluments

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy.

of any such parish or place, or of any such proportion of any such parish or place, as shall be satisfactory to such Commissioners, to the Incumbent or Incumbents of such parish or parishes, or place or places, and his or their successors for evgr; and in every such case such surrender, restoration, or release, shall be made in such form and by such instrument as the Commissioners shall direct; and the said Commissioners shall, by an instrument in writing under the seal of the said Commissioners, direct such alteration to be made, and conversion of any such Vicarage or Vicarages into a Rectory or Rectories, from the period specified in such instrument, and upon the conditions as to the transfer, restoration, or reuniting of tithes, glebe, or other rectorial rights dues and emoluments therein mentioned; which instrument shall be registered in the registry of the diocese, in which the parish shall be locally situate, and inrolled in the High Court of Chancery; and such parish or parishes, place or places, shall for ever therefrom be deemed and taken to be, to all intents and purposes, a rectory or rectories, without prejudice nevertheless to the rights and interests of any other persons; ana the Incumbent or Incumbents of any such vicarage or vicarages shall thereupon become and be deemed to be the rector or rectors of such parish or parishes, or divided parishes, or place or places, without any new induction or proceeding whatever, and shall be entitled to have and use and exercise all such remedies for the recovery of their tithes, glebe, and all other rectorial rights dues and emoluments, as Rectors of such parishes, or divided parishes, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if such parishes had been rectories, and such Incumbents respectively had been in due form of law inducted as Rectors therein; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners in every such case, immediately after the passing of this Act, and before any such transfer and division can be finally arranged made and completed, to accept and confirm any such restoration or release and reunion of any such tithe9, and accept and record the consents or engagements in relation thereto, of any such Impropriator, Patron, or sinecure Rector and Incumbent, (if there shall have been any Incumbent to consent at the time of such conversion,) and Tenant or Tenants, if any, and to proceed to the completing of any such transfer or division upon such consent, for the purpose of converting any such vicarage into a rectory or rectories; and all such consents shall in any such case be valid and binding upon the heirs and successors, and executors and administrators respectively, of any such Impropriator Patron or sinecure Rector and Incumbent, Tenant or Tenants, if any death or changes shall thereafter occur in any such patronage or incumbency, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if the consent had been given and transfer made by the Impropriator Patron or sinecure Rector and Incumbent, Tenant or Tenants, for the time being, when the arrangement and division shall be finally completed: Provided always, that no Incumbent shall in any such case become liable to the maintenance or upholding or repair of more than one house of residence in any such parish or place; anti when in any such parish or place there shall be more than one house belonging to the church or chapels thereof, the Bishop of the diocese shall decide, order, and declare which shall thereafter be deemed the house of residence, and be.upheld and maintained and repaired as such; and the order of the Bishop in relation thereto shall be registered in the registry of the diocese, and a duplicate copy of such order deposited and be kept in the chest of the church or chapel of such parish or place,

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall think proper to convert into a rectory or rectories the vicarage of any parish or place, or separate division of a parish or place which shall be divided, or in which a new church shall be erected t>y virtue of the provisions contained in the said recited Acts or this Act, and the possessor or possessors of the the sinecure rectory of such parish or place for two or more lives, by virtue of a lease granted thereof by a Rector with the consent of the Patron and Ordinary, shall bedesir ous of retaining any manor or other hereditaments, being the glebe ujrb part of the glebe of the said rectory, and shall be willing to burrender and re150 *

N0.XLVIU. 3 Geo. IV. c. 7«.

SinecureRector may release part of Rectorial Glebe, Ac. c., and retain the remainder in fee simple for the purpose of con* retting any Vi-caraae into a

l60h

No. XLVI!f. 3 Geo. IV. c. i9.

Bodies politic, &c, may give up rights of patronage and endowments, and emoluments held by them in trust, to enable the Commissioners to establish district churches.

Commissioners may, with consent of Ordinary fire.convert district chepelrles into district parishes, where suitable residences, fire, can be obtained for Incumbent, and fees compensated for.

Statute*relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

least fill hfe her or their estate fitid Interest in the tithe*. find the residue (if any) of the glebe of the said rectory, on condition that such manor and other hereditaments shall be rested in him her or them in fee simple, then find in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, if they shall think proper, with the consent of the Patron of the said rectory being entitled thereto in fee simple, and the Incumbent thereof, by any instrument under the seal of the said Commissioners, and sealed and delivered by the said Patron and Incumbent (if any), upon the execution by such possessor or possessors of the said rectory, together with the Patron and Incumbent (if any) thereof, and of the said Commissioners, of such instruments as are hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, for surrendering, releasing, and vesting all the rectorial tithes and glebe (except the manor and other hereditaments to he retained as aforesaid), to release and convey the said manor and other hereditaments to such possessor or possessors, of such other person or persons as he'She or they shall in that behalf direct* his her or their heirs and assigns for ever; and such instruments in writing shall be inrolled in the High Court of Chancery, and upon the execution thereof the manor and other hereditaments comprised therein, with their appurtenances, and the fee simple and inheritance thereof, shall he absolutely vested in the person or persons to whom the same should be tiiereby released and conveyed, his her or their heirs and assigns for ever, but shall be subject to tithes in the same manner as if the same had never been part of the glebe of the said rectory.

XV. And be it further enacted, That It shall be lawful for all bodies politic corpoiate or collegiate, corporations aggregate or sole, tenants for life or tn tail, husbands, guardians, trustees, and feoffees In trust, committees executors and administrators, and all other persons and trustees whomsoever, not only for or on behalf of themselves, their heirs and successors, hut also for and on behalf of cesiuique trusts, whether infants, issue unborn, lunatics, idiots, femes covert, or other person or persons, and to and for all femes covert who are or shall be possessed of or entitled to or interested in their own right, and for every other person whomsoever who shall be possessed of or entitled to or interested in any right of patronage or of presentation or appointment to any benefice, donative, perpetual curacy, or of any spiritual person to any church ot chapel, or the performance of any ecclesiastical duties in any Church or chapef, or for the trustees of any endowments of emoluments for the use of any church or chapel, or the Incumbent thereof, or spiritual person Serving the same, to surrender any such right of patronage, presentation or appointment, endowments or emoluments, or to enter into or make any agreement relating thereto, with the said Commissioners and the Bishop erf* the diocese, and to attach any contiguous division of any parish or place, with Consent of the Patron and Incumbent of the parish or place, to any such chape), for the purpose of better enabling the said Commissioners to Convert any such church or chape! into the choreh or parochial chapel or chapel of ease of a district parish or chapelry, and to convert any chapelries or other divisions info districts or separate parishes for ecclesiastical purposes; any thing contained in any Actot Acts of Parliament, of in any deed or deeds, or any trusts relating thereto, respectively, to the Contrary notwithstanding.

XVI, And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they arc hereby empowered, with the consent of the Ordinary and the Patron and of the Incumbent of the parish for the time being, or in case of the refusal of any Incumbent, then with the consent of the Ordinary upon the next avoidance, to convert any district chapelry made under the provisions of the said recited Acts into a separate and distinct parish for ecclesiastical purposes, or into a district parish under the said Acts, in any case in which a suitable house of residence, and such maintenance as the said Commissioners shall deem competent, can be procured and established for the use of the minister of such separate ana distinct or district parish so to be made, and successors, and in which a compensation shall be provided to the satisfaction of the ComClass 11.] Statute* relating to the Clergy.

nlMknen and the then Incumbent of the parish, for all fees, oblations, offerings, and Other ecclesiastical dues which may by such conversion be transferred to the minister of such separate and distinct or district parish so to be made; and every such conversion shall be made tinder the seal of the said Commissioners, and registered in the registry of the diocese in which the parish shall be locally situate, and inroued in the High Court of Chancery, and duplicate thereof shall be lodged in the chest of the original parish church, and in the church or chapel of the separate and distinct or district parish.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which marriages are allowed, under any of the provisions of the said recited Acts or either of them, fo be solemnized in any chapel of a district chapelry, and in which the parties, or either of them, contracting such marriage, shall reside in the district of the chapelry, or in any other district of any chapelry, the banns of marriajge shall be published in the chaj»el or chapels of each of the districts m which such parties respectively reside, and no publication of such banns in any other church or chapel shall be legal valid or effectual for the purposes of such marriage < any thing in the said recited Acts or either or them, or any other Act or Acts of rar* Hament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it farther enacted, That all Acts of Parliament, laws and customs relating to publishing banns of marriage, and to marriages christenings cl lurching* and burials, and the registering thereof, and to all ecclesiastical fees oblations or offerings, shall apply to all extra-parochial places and to all divisions and districts of any extra-parochial places, in and for which any churches or chapels shall be built or appropriate), under the provisions of the said recited Acts or this Act, and to the churches and chapels thereof, and to the ecclesiastical persons having the cure of souls therein, or serving the same, in like manner, In every respect, as if the same respectively had been ancient separate and distinct parishes and parish churches by law, to all interns and purposes.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That a hen and so soon as banns of marriage may be published, and marriage celebrated and solemnized, in any church or chapel under the provisions of the s?id recited Acts or this Act, the Bishop of the diocese within which such church or chapel shall be locally situate, whether in any parish or extra-parochial place or otherwise, shall ‘certify the same, ana such certificate shall be kept in the chest of the church or chapel with the books of registry thereof, and a copy thereof shall be entered in the books of registry of banns and marriages, and a duplicate of such certificate shall be registered in the registry of the diocese, and such certificate shall l>c deemed and taken to be conclusive evidence in all Courts, and in all questions relating to any banns published or marriages celebrated or solemnized in any such church or chapel, that the same might, according to law, respectively be ptiblislied and celebrated and solemnized in such church or chapel« and that all banns published, and marriages celebrated solemnized and hail in any such church or chapel, accormng to the laws and canons in force within this realm in that behalf, shall, after the granting of such certificate, be good valid legal and effectual to all intents and purposes whatsoever: Provided always, that no banns of marriages respectively published celebrated solemnized or had, according to the laws and canons in force within the realm in that behalf, in any church or chapel in which the same are authorized to be respectively published celebrated solemnized and had by the sahl recited Acts or this Act, or either of them, shall be or be deemed or taken to be invalid or illegal or void or voidable, by reason of any such certificate not having been duly given, or registered or entered as here in-before required.

aX. And whereas doubts may arise as to the repairs of churches or chapels acquired and appropriated, of built or enlarged or improved in 2id of the churches of parishes or places, under the provisions of the said recited Acts or this Act; for remedy and prevention thereof, be it onto be repaired by the pwrisluonen at large, in the same muuter at the

160

N0.XLVIU. 3 Geo. IV. c.7*.

Where marriages are allowed to he celebrated in district chapelrie% the banns of marriage shall be published in the chapels of the districts.

AH Arne retain* to publishing bam* flurriag* and to marriages, dto. to apply to

of

eatra-peracblil

places and disWhen banns may be published and marriages teiebrat-ad in any churchea and chapela, the Biahep of the dioceee to certify the 1

Marriages not to be invalid forwent of •neb ftffMane, if had ki the chnrttocs Authorised by the Acts.

All chapels belonging to parishes with or without districts assigned, of the parish.

150. fc

No. XLVIll. 3 Geo. IV. c. 72.

Statutes relating to the Clergy.

[Parti.

Commlwooen may exonerate toy new subdivision of division of any perish already divided, or which may hereafter be divided, from repair of church of such division.

Commissioners nay apportion glebe, tithes, fcc. or make permanent charge thereon for benefit of persons serving any chapel in the parish.

Commissioner may, with consent of owners, transfer pew-rights from existing churches to new churches &c. of divisions, for the purpose of making free seats.

acted, That all chapels «cquire4 and appropriated, or built or enlarged and improved under any of the provisions of the said recited Acts, or under any local Acts, in cases in which no provision is made relating thereto in such local Acts, in aid of the churches of the parishes or places in which they shall he situated (whether any districts of any such parishes shall have been assigned or not to such chapels as belonging thereto for ecclesiastical purposes}, shall be repaired by the respective parishes or places at large to which such chapels shall belong, ana rates shall be raised levied and collected for that purpose in like manner in every respect as for the repair of the churches of such parishes and places, and all the laws in force for making, raising, levying, and collecting rates for the repair of churches, shall be applied and put in force for the raising making levying and collecting such rates for the repur of such chapels, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if the same were severally separately and specially repeated and re-enacted in this Act for that purpose, as to the repairs of such chapels; any thing in the said recited Acts, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, in any case in which any division of any parish already divided, or which may hereafter be divided under the provisions of the said recited Acts or'this Act, shall be again divided, ana on which any church or chapel shall he built or acquired and appropriated for the use of any such new division, by any instrument under the seal of the said Commissioners, to declare that all liability to any repairs of the church or chapel of the division from which such new division shall be so made as aforesaid shall cease from the period specified in any such instrument; and thereupon, from and after such period the new divison in which any such church or chapel shall be built acquired and appropriated, shall be liable only to the repairs of such church or chapel, and to the repairs, for whatever periods shall remain of the twenty years under the said recited Act, of the church of the original parish; any thing in the said recited Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, with the consent of the Bishop and Patron entitled in fee simple, in cases where the said Commissioners may not deem it expedient to divide any parish for ecclesiastical purposes, or create separate districts for ecclesiastical purposes therein, either to make a permanent rent charge on or to apportion any portion not exceeding a moiety of the glebe lands tithes moduses or other emoluments, for the benefit of the Incumbent of or person serving any such chapel or chapels in any such parish, as in their discretion they may thinK expedient: Provided always, that the presentation of every such endowed chapel shall be vested in the Patron of the church to which such chapel or chapels may appertain.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to transfer any rights to any pews, with the consent . of the owners thereof, in any existing church or chapel, belonging to any person residing in any division of any parish or place in which any new church or chapel shall have been or shall be built, acquired, or appropriated under the provisions of the said recited Acts, to the church or chapel of the division in which any such person or persons shall reside, for the purpose of enabling the said Commissioners to make or increase the number of free seats in the church or chapel from which such right shall be transferred; and the persons from whom any pews shall be so^aken for such purpose as aforesaid, and to whom any pews in lieu of their former pews shall be assigned by the said Commissioners in any other church or chapel, shall have hold and enjoy the same respective rights and titles to the pews so assigned, as they respectively hud held and enjoyed in their former pews, or such right and title as shall be directed and set forth in such assignment in lieu thereof, without any faculty instrument or other process than such assignment as aforesaid; and

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Chrgy.

every such assignment shall be registered in the registry of the diocese in which the church or chapel shall be, and a duplicate thereof deposited in the chest of the church or chapel in which any such pew shall be so assigned as aforesaid: Provided always, that no larger or greater or other right shall be given to any pew in any new church or chapel, upon any such transfer than belonged to the owner proprietor or occupier of the pews in the existing; church or chapel, in the pews in respect of which any such transfer shall be made.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which rents shall have been fixed upon the pews in any church or chapel under the provision of the said recited Acts for the purposes therein specified, notice shall be given for six successive weeks at the end of each year of all the pews which are vacant or which will become vacant at the commencement of the next year, by affixing the same in writing upon the doors of the church or chapel and vestry room thereof respectively; and all such pews as shall not he taken at the rent respectively fixed thereon within fourteen days after the commencement of the ensuing year, shall in every such case be let to any inhabitant of any adjoining parishes or places in which there shall not be sufficient accommodation in the churches and chapels of the parish or place for the inhabitants thereof, at the rent respectively so affixed upon such pews, for any term not exceeding the end of the year; and at the expiration of the year, and also of every succeeding year in which any such pews shall be rented by inhabitants of any adjoining parishes, such pews shall be inserted in the list of vacant pews, to be taken in preference by the inhabitants of the parish or place to which the church or chapel shall belong; and all such pews as may not be so taken by any inhabitant of the parish or place may again be let, and so on from year to year, to any inhabitants of any adjoining parish or place; any thing io the said recited Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. Provided always and be it further enacted, That in case any inhabitant to whom any lease or demise of any pew seat or sitting in church or chapel, of the parish or place or division or district of which he shall be an inhabitant, shall be grauted for any longer term than one year, shall cease to be an inhabitant of the said parish, place, division, or district, or shall discontinue his or her attendance at the church or chapel for the space of any one year, then and in every such case his her or their lease, demise, term, estate, and interest in such pew seat or sitting respectively shall, at the end or expiration of the then current year of the said term or period, cease and determine to all intents and purposes whatsoever; and such pew, seat, or sitting shall and may be again let in like manner herein-before mentioned.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to authorize and empower any parish, chapeliy, township, pr extra-parochial place, which shall be desirous of procuring a burial ground, or adding to any existing church or chapel yard or cemetry, to procure and purchase any such land or ground as may in the opinion of the Commissioners be sufficient and properly situated for a church or chapel yard or burial ground, or as an addition to any existing church or chapel yard or cemetery (whether such land or ground shallhe situated within the parish or place for the use of which the same shall be intended), ana to make, raise, levy, and collect rates for purchase thereof, or for the repayment with interest of any money borrowed for the making such purchase, at such limes and in such proportions as shall be agreed upon with the person or persons advancing any such money and approved of by the said Commissioners; and the churchwardens or chapel wardens or persons authorized under the said recited Acts to make rates for any of the purposes of the said recited Acts, of any such parish, chapvlry, township, or extra-parochial place, may and shall in every such case use and exercise all the powers and authorities in the said recite 1 Acts for the purpose of making and completing such purchases, and also all the powers and authorities in the said recited Acts specified as to making raising and levying any rates forany of the purposes of the said recited Acts; iiul when

Vul. I, M *

1501

No. XLVIII. Geo. IV. c. 78.

No greater right to be given on the transfer of

Regulation M to letting ef Pews.

For avoidance of pew Leases,

Parishes may, with consent of Commissioners, procure and buy additional Burial Grounds.

150m N0.XLVIII. 3 Geo IV.

c.7S.

To remove doubts is to si-low ance of Aft* ties upon mate* rials for rebuild* ing or eolsrgia| of Churches, Ac. c.

Grants, Instruments, Contractor Bonds, not to be subject to stamp duty.

Titles to Sites not to he questioned after five years.

Statute* retathto the Clergy. [Port I.

any »uch land or ground so purchased shall be situate out of tbobounds of the perish or piece lor which Use same U intended, the same shall alter consecration become and be deemed part of such parish or plaoe; any thing in any Act law or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And whereas provision is made in the said recited Act of the fifty-ninth year aforesaid, for authorieing the remitting and allowing of duties of customs and excise upon materials used in the building of churches or chapels under the provisions of the said recited Acts; and doubts may arise as to the allowing or remitting of such duties in cases of rebuilding or enlarging or increasing the accommodation of churches and chapels; for remedy and prevention thereof, be it therefore further declared and enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of oustoms and exsise of England, Ireland, and Scotland respectively, with the consent and under the authority in writing of the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or of any three or more of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the time being respectively, to remit all or any proportion of the duties of oustoms or excise respectively, or to order the same to be drawn back or repaid, for upon or in respect of any stone, slate, bricks, timber, or other materials which shall have been or shall be' bend fide procured for, and have been or shall be used in the rebuilding, or enlarging or increasing the accomodation of any churches or chapels under the provisions of the said recited Acts or this Act, or which have been built or enlarged or increased with the approbation of the Commbsionera(and which approbation may be at any time certified under their seal); and suoh duties shall, in every such case, be remitted drawn back or repaid, as the case may Ite, under such rules regulations and restrictions, and in such manner as shall be ordered and directed by the Lord High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in that behalf; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And whereas by the said recited Act of the fifty-ninth year aforesaid, the Commissioners for managing the duties upon stamped vellum parchment and paper, are authorized to allow the full amount of stamp duties upon instruments made in relation to the said recited Acts; and it is expedient to make other provisions in relation to such stamp duties; be it therefore enacted, That no deed of gift, or grant, security, contract, agreement, deed, or conveyance, or other instrument, made tor any of the purposes in the said recited Acts mtntioned, or for any other of the purposes or under any of the provisions in the said recited Acts or citner of them, or of this Act, ur for the carrying into execution any of the powers, authorities, regulations, purposes, or provisions thereof, or therein mentioned respectively, shall be subject to any of the duties upon stamped vellum parchment or paper; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding *

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the expiration of five years after the transfer or conveyance of any messuages, lands, grounds, tenements, or hereditaments, to the said Commissioners, or to any person or persons for the use of any parish or place, as a site for any church or chapel, or any church or chapel yard or cemetery, whether such transfer or conveyance shall have been by gift or grant, or upon or in pursuance of any sale or purchase under the provisions of the said recited Acts or f his Act, although no church or chapel shall have been before the expiration of the said five years erected or built and consecrated upon such sue, the said messuages, lands, grounds, tenements, or hereditaments shall become and be and remain absolutely vested in Mich Commissioners, or the person or persons to whom the same was conveyed, for the purposes of the said Acts and this Act, free from all demands or claims of any body politic or corporate, or person or persons whatever, and without being thereafter subject to any question as to uny right title or claim thereto, or in any manner affecting the same.

150 n NoJCLVUI. 3 Geo. IV. c. 7«.

may traufet tb« endowments, Ac. c. of existing Churches, Ac. c. to those Churches built in lien thereof

conditions *

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by any instrument under seal, with the consent of the Ordinary and of the Patron and Incumbent of any parish or place in which any new church or chapel shall have been built, or shall be built, acquired, or appropriated for the use . of such parish or place, instead of the old church or chapel of such parish or place under the provisions of the said recited Acts or this Act, to authorise and direct the transfer of the endowments, emoluments, or rights of or belonging to the old or existing church or chapel of such parish or place, or to the minister for the time being thereof, to any such new chuich or chapel so built acquired or appropriated in such parish or place, and to the Minister thereof for the time being and his successors; and it shall be lawful in every such oast for any trustees of any chapel, or of any rights, emoluments, or endow* ments of or belonging to any church or chapel, or to the Incumbent of any church or chapd for the time, and they are hereby required to transfer all such rights emoluments and endowments according to the direction of the said Commissioners as aforesaid; Provided always, that in every such case the inhabitants of the parish or place in which such new church or chapel shall be built shall raise and pay to the said Commissioners, towards the expenses of such new church or chapel, either by subscription or rate, such sum at the least as would have been necessary for the repair of the old church or chapel, in case such new church or chapel had not been built, and such further sum as the inhabitants of such |«rish or place would have been liable to raise in such parish or place, for any purposes relating to the effectual and sufficient reparation of and maintaining such old church or chapel, or the cemetery thereof, ot any other expense incident thereto, or to which such parish or place would have been liable in respect thereof, in case such new church or chapel had not been built; and immediately from and after any such transfer as aforesaid, all tithes or tenths, modus* or other compositions for tithes or tenths, and all emolument *, dues, fees, offerings, oblations, vbventioos, and other profits and advantages, and all messuages, glebe and other lands, tenements or hereditaments, rents, sums of money, or real or personal chattels whatsoever, and all rights and privileges wheresoever, and of what nature or kind soever, wherewith any such old or existing church or chapel then is, or at any time theretofore had or ought to have been, or at the time of such substitution of such new church or chapel for any such old or existing church or chapel may be endowed, or to which the Minister thereof then is or at any time theretofore was or ought to be entitled, with all the respective rights, privileges, members, easements, and appurtenances thereto belonging, or in anywise appertaining, or to or with the same, or any part thereof, nad, held, used, or enjoyed, or accepted, reputed, deemed, taxen, or known, as part parcel or member thereof, or as belonging to such Minister; ana the same, together with all reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, yearly and other rents, issues, estates, rights, interests, dividends, emoluments, and profits of al| and singular any such messuages, lands, hereditaments, rents, or sums of money, shall severally and respectively become and be vested in the Parson or Minister for the time being of the new church or chapel, and his successors for ever, in as full and ample a manner as the Parson or Minister of the old or existing church or chapel might or could have had received and enjoyed the same, in case such substitution or transfer had not been made and passed; and every such substitution and transfer shall be registered in the registry of the diocese within which the place shall be locally situate, and enrolled in the High Court of Chancery; and all Acts of Parliament laws and customs relating to the publishing of banns of marriages, and celebration of marriages, christenings, churching *, and burials, and the respective registering thereof, and to all ecclesiastical fees oblations and off erings, shall apply to every such new church, ' in like manner in any respect as to the old church of the parish

0r PIa0e- M8.

150 o

N0.XLVIII. 3 Geo. IV. c. 78.

Appointment of ecclesiastical persons to serve near Churches <% Chapels, built by aid from Commissioners, in certain cases to belong to the Diocesan.

Commissioners may, under any special circumstances to be recorded in their proceedings, apply their poirers in aid of Parishes for procuringLand, Ac. c.

For removing doubts as to the powers of the Commissioners in relation to certain Grants.

Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which the Commissioners shall build, or grant any sum of money in aid of the building of any new church or chapel, in any parish or place in which the patronage of or nomination or appointment of the ecclesiastical person to serve such church or chapel shall not belong to His Majesty, or to any body politic or corporate or collegiate, or any corporation sole-or aggregate, or to any Trustees, Commissioners, Directors, or other persons having the charge care or management of any public or charitable institution, or to any trustees of any church or chapel, or to any private person, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by any instrument under seal, to declare that such patronage nomination or appointment shall, either for ever, or for such time and in such manner as the said Commissioners shall direct, go to or be exercised by the Bishop of the diocese within whose jurisdiction as Diocesan such parish or place shall be, or if exempt from such iusisdiction, then by the Bishop of the diocese in which such parish or place shall be locally situate; any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or law or laws, or any usage or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And whereas doubts have arisen whether the Commissioners are empowered to use, exercise, and enforce certain of the provisions of the said recited Acts and this Act in aid of the parishes and places in certain cases not within the limitations of the said recited Acts, with respect to the population or extent of such parishes or places, or which may not come within any of the regulations of the said recited Acts or this Act, in respect of any advances or loans tn aid of such parishes, or in which parishes or places cannot comply with the regulations and restrictions contained in the said recited Acts or this Act; be it therefore declared and enacted. That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in any case in which they shall, under the special circumstances of any parish or place which shall not he within any of the provisions of the said recited Acts or this Act, deem it expedient, and they are hereby authorized anQ empowered to use, exercise, and put in execution all or any of the provisions of the said recited Acts or this Act, relating t& the procuring or taking of any land or ground, for the purpose of procuring for any such parish or place, or of aiding m the procuring for any such parish or place, any land or ground for any of the purposes of the said recited Acts or this Act, or for the purpose of cariying into execution any of the provisions of the said reciteu Acts or this Act with respect to the division or consolida-tiorfof any parish or district: Provided nevertheless, that the Commissioners shall in every such case enter in their proceedings the nature of the special grounds and circumstances under which they shall deem it expedient so to act.

a XXI11. And whereas doubts have arisen and may arise as to grants made by the said Commissioners, in cases in which trusts have been created by Acts of Parliament or otherwise, in relation to the churches or chapels for which such grants have been or may be made, and whether the making such grants may, under the provisions of the said recited Acts and this Act, interfere with such trusts; for remedy and prevention whereof, be it therefore declared and enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to make any grant or grants in relation, or confirm any grant or grants heretofore made for any church or chapel in relation to which any trusts have been created by any Act or Acts of Parliament, or any deed or deeds, or instrument of consecration, which may not in all respects concur with the provisions of the said recited Acts or this Act, ana to declare at the time of making or confirming any such grant, that any such trusts shall notwithstanding remain and continue in full force: Provided always, that the Commissioners shall, in any such case, enter in their proceedings the special grounds upon which every such grant has been made and confirmed; and in every such case such trusts shall remain and continue in full force; any thing in the said recited Acts or this Act, or in the said trusts and regulations, to tho contrary notwithstanding. Digitl2ed .

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in every case in' which any grant shall have been or shall be made of any land or ground, for any of the purposes of the said recited Acts or this Act, as a gift, or wiUtout any pecuniary consideration being paid for the same, and in which the Commi&ioners shall determine not to apply such land or ground to any of the purposes of the said recited Acts or this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to exchange any such land or ground for any other land or ground which may, ill the judgment of the said Commissioners, be more eligible for the purpose for which the same was given; or with the consent of the grantor or grantors thereof, or their heirs or successors, to apply such land or ground to any other ecclesiastical purposes, either as gleb^or otherwise, tor the use of the Incumbent of the parish or place or for the purpose of any parochial or charitable school, or any other chari&ble or public purpose relating to any such parish or place; or to re-convey, without requiring taking or receiving any pecuniary consideration for such re-conveyance, any such land or ground, or any part thereof, in case only a part of any such land or ground shall have been applied to the purposes of the saidf recited Acts or this Act, to the grantor or grantors thereof, or their heirs or successors; any thing in the said recited Acts or this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enactedrThat nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or alter, vary or aifect, any powers, authorities, clauses, or provisions contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament passed in the last session of Parliament, or which may be passed in this present session of Parliament, relating to any particular parish or place, or to authorize or empower the

' Commissioners under the said recited Acts or this Act to make or enforce any order, direction, or regulation under the provisions of the said recited Acts or this Act, so as to alter or affect any such powers dr authorities as aforesaid, or otherwise, contrary to any clause or provision contained in any such Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any particular parish or place; and that all the powers, authorities, clauses, regulations, and provisions in such local Acts contained, shall remain in full force, ana be used enforced and applied in the same manner and by the same persons as if this Act had not passed; any tiling in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That neither this Act nor the paid recited Acts, nor any thing therein or herein contained, nor any Act matter or thing done by or under the authority of the same, or of the Commissioners under the said recited Acts or this Act, shall extend to invalidate or avoid any ecclesiastical law or constitution of the church of England, or to destroy any of the rights or powers belonging to any Bishop of any diocese, or any Archdeacon Chancellor or official.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted and declared, That every Bishop of any diocese, and every Archdeacon, Chancellor, and official respectively, may at all times hereafter visit, institute, and exercise ecclesiastical jurisdiction in all the parishes to be erected or divided by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, and in every division or district into which any parish may be divided under the provisions of the said recited Acts or this Act, and in relation to every church and chapel within the same, as amply as they or any of them may do now therein, and in such manueras in any other parishes or places within his or their dioceses or jurisdictions respectively.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may he amended altered or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present session of Parliament.

I50p NoXLVIII. 3 Geo. IV. c. 73.

nay re-convey land given for purpose* of the Acta, and not used, to the Grantors, or their Hein or

This Act not to affect the powers of Acta relating to any particular Pari*.

Powen of Biahopa, Ac. c. not to be invalidated;

bnt may exercise Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction.

Act may be altered or repealed this SeaStatutes relating to the Clergy.

[Parti.

150 q

No. XLIX. 6 Geo. IV. c. 89.

17G. 3. C.53.

21 G. 3. C.66.

Incumbents of mortgaged Lnr-ings for tho amount of two years' income may lay before the Ordinary an account of the value of such Livings, who shall cause inquiry to be made of the truth thereof.

t XLIX.] 5 Geo. IV. c. 89.—An Act for the Relief, in certain cases, of the Incumbents of Ecclesiastical Livings or Benefices mortgaged for building, febuilding, repairing, or purchasing Houses, and other necessary Buildings -and Tenements for such Benefices.— [21st June 1824.]

WHEREAS under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the TT seventeenth year of the reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, bp making provision for the more speedy and effectual building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing Houses and other necessary Buildings and Tenements for the use of their Benefices; and another Act made in the twenty-first year of his said Majesty’s reign, to explain and amend the said Act; many mortgages of ecclesiastical livings and benefices have been made, and are still remaining in force, as securities for monies borrowed for building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing houses and other necessary buildings and tenements for such benefices; and in most cases the sums of money borrowed on such mortgages have been to the full amount authorized by the said Acts, that is to say, two years' net income and produce of toe said respective livings or benefices, estimated at or previous to the execution of such several mortgages in the manner by the said Acts directed; and the Incumbents of the said respective livings or benefices are liable^ according to the directions of the said Acts, to pay five pounds per centum per annum of the principal monies so borrowed; or in case such Incumbents shall not reside twenty weeks in each year upon such livings or benefices, then instead of five pounds per cent. to pay ten pounds per cent, fer annum of the said principal monies) ow and above the interest arising upon such mortgages, until the whole principal monies and interest shall be fully paid ana discharged: And whereas great reduction has taken place in the income and produce of many livings or benefices roorfc* gaged by virtue of the said Acts since the respective mortgages thereof were made, whereby it happens that the yearly payments in discharge of the monies borrowed on such mortgages, which the Incumbents of the said livings or benefices are liable to pay, amount to a larger proportion of the present income and produce thereof than it was contemplated or intended that they should be liable to pay according to the directions of the said Acts; and it is just and expedient that such provision be made for the relief of Incumbents of livings or benefices already mortgaged by virtue of the said Acts as herein-after is expressed: Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that it shall and may be lawful for the Incumbent of every living or benefice mortgaged before the passing of this Act, under or by virtue of the said former Aote, for the amount of two years'net income and produce thereof, to lay before the Ordinary of such living or benefice a just and particular account in writing, signed by such Incumbent, and verified upon his oath, taken before some Justice of the Peace or Master in Chancery, ordinary or extraordinary, (which oath every Justice of the Peace and every Master in Chancery is hereby empowered to administer,) of the income or produce of such living or benefice at the time of stating such account thereof, and of all rents, stipends, taxes, and other outgoings therefrom, excepting only the salary to the assistant Curate, where such a Curate is necessary; ana it shall and may be lawful for the Ordinary thereupon to cause an inquiry to be made by the Archdeacon, Chancellor of the diocese, or other proper persons resident within or near the limits of such living or benefice, of the truth of the said account, and the result of the said inquiry to be certified by such Archdeacon Chancellor or other persons:

1 Iv,

Class 11.3 Statute* relating to the Clergy.

sad the Incumbent of such living or benefice, and the mortgagee or mortgagees thereof, may and they are hereby empowered, with the consent of the Ordinary and Patron of such living or benefice, to agree that the yearly payments in discharge of the principal money secured by the morf of such living or benefice, and to become due after such agreement, si be made at the rate of five pounds per cent, or ten pounds per centum per annum, as the case may require, according to the directions of the Baid former Acts and this Act, of the sum which two years' net income and produce of the said living or benefice shall appear to amount unto according to the Account thereof laid before and the certificate returned to the Ordinary as herein mentioned; and every such agreement shall be valid and effectual; and the mortgage made of every such living or benefice shall be and remain in force as a security for the yearly payments thereby agreed to be made, as well as for payment of the interest arising on such mortgage, and with all the powers and remedies for enforcing the same given by the said former Acts, until the money borrowed ana all interest for the same, and also all costs and charges which shall be occasioned by the nonpayment thereof, shall be fully paid and discharged, in like manner as if such yearly payments had been expressly mentioned in and secured by the said mortgage, the expiration of the term of years granted by die said mortgage or any other cause or matter whatsoever notwithstanding.

II. And be it. further enacted, That every agreement which shall be entered into by virtue of this Act sha.ll be in writing, in the form in the schedule to this Act set forth, .or to that effect, under the hands of the Ordinary, Patron, Inoumbent, and mortgagee or mortgagees of the living or benefice to which the same shall mate, or the common seal of Suoh of them is shall be a body corporate aggregate; and in case the patronage of any such living or benefice shall be in the Crown, or the patron of any such living or benefice shall happen to be a minor, idiot, lunatic, or feme covert, such agreement shall be signed by suoh persons as by the said former Acts are empowered in the like case to consent to . the proceedings thereby authorised; and in case any such agreement shall relate to any chapeiry or perpetual cure, the Inoumbent whereof shall be nominated by die Rector or Vicar of the parUb, in every such case such Rector or Vicar shall be required to be a party to the agreement so to be made, together with the Patron of the rectory or vicarage.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne for the augmentation of the maintenance of the Poor Clergy, to make and enter into such agreements as herein-before are authorised, with respect to all or any of the mortgages made to the said Governors by virtue of the said former Acts, if it shall appear to the said Governors to be fit and proper so to do $ and it shall and may also be lawful for all colleges and nails within the Universities

assessed of; e and enter

of Oxford and Cambridge, and for all other corporate bodies the patronage of any ecclesiastical livings or benefices, to mi into such agreements as herein-before are authorized, with respect to all or any of the mortgages made to them respectively, for any sums of money advanced under the powers of the said former Acts, if it shall appear to them respectively fit and proper so to do.

IV. And be it further enacted, That a copy of every agreement made by virtue of this Act shall be registered in the office of the Registrar of the Bishop, or other Ordinary of the living or benefice to which such agreement shall relate, after having keen first examined by him; and such Registrar shall register suoh copy, and make and sign a certificate on the original agreement, that a copy thereof is so registered, and shall be entitled to demand and receive the sum of five shillings and no more for such register; and every such copy shall be inspected upon all necessary occasions, the person who requires such inspection paying to the said

160 *

No.xlix.

5 Geo. IV.

Mortgagtesem-powered to agree to make Yearly Payments In discharge of the Mortgage after the rate of 5 per cent., or 10 per cent., as the case may require, according to the directions of recited Acts.

Agreements to be in Form prescribed by the Schedule.

Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty empowered to enter into Agreements with respect to Mortgages, as are also the Colleges and Halls of the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge.

Agreements to be registered.

Fee to Registrar.

Registrar the sum of one shilling for the same; and the registered copy of such agreement, or a copy thereof certified under

150#

No. XLIX.

5 Geo. IV,

• c. 89.

No proceeding

Staiutes relating to the Clergy. [Part 1 *

Registrar to oe correct, shall be allowed as legal evidence in case any such agreement shall happen to be lost or destroyed.

V. And be it further enacted, That no affidavit, certificate, agreement, instrument, or proceeding made had or 4<>ne under the authority or directions of this Act, shall be charged or chargeable with any stamp duty.

under thin Act to be charged with Sump Duty.

Noa-reaidents by Licence liable to pay Mortgagees in manner hereto

Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty empowered to reduce the Rate of Interest of Mortgages.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Incumbent of any living or benefice mortgaged or to be mortgaged by virtue of the said ' former Acts, who shall not reside twenty weeks in any year upon such living or benefice, shall have been non-resident in the same year by licence of the Bishop of the diocese within which such living or benefice shall be locally situate, granted by reason or on account of any actual illness or infirmity of mind or body of such Incumbent, or of his wife or child, making part of and residing with him as part of his family, such Incumbent shall for every year in which he shall be non-resident by such licence, pay to the mortgagee or mortgagees of his living or benefice the

' like sum as he would have been liable to pay by virtue of the said former Acts, or any agreement made under the powers of this Act, in case he had resided twenty weeks in the same year upon his said living or benefice, and no other or greater sum; provided that every such Incumbent at the time of making such payment, or some person on his behalf, shall deliver to the mortgagee or mortgagees a certificate under the hand of such Bishop, that such Incumbent was non-resident, in the year for which such payment shall be made, by the licence of the said Bishop granted for some or one of the causes herein-before mentioned, to be specified in the said certificate.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor Clergy, at any time or times after the passing of this Act, to reduce the rate of the interest secured to them by any mortgage or mortgages heretofore, made to them under the authority of the said former Acts, and thereafter to become due to such rate or rates, as to them shall appear just and reasonable.

THE SCHEDULE TO WHICH THE ACT REFERS.

FORM OF AGREEMENT.

WHEREAS in the year the Rer. A. B., Clerk,

TV Rector, [Vicar or Curate] of the parish church [or curacy or chapelry] of in the county of and the

diocese of the Bishop of and under the jurisdiction of the

said Bishop, [or such other ecclesiastical person or corporation as shall be Ordinary, ] as Ordinary, by virtue and pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making provision for the more speedy and effectual building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing Housts and other necessary Buildings and Tenements Jbr the use of their Benefices, obtained the consent of the said Ordinary, and of the Patron of the said church [or curacy or chapelry], to borrow and take up at interest, on mortgage of the glebe. tithes and emoluments of the said Jiving, the sum of

pounds, being the amount of two years’ net income and produce of the said Jiving, as then estimated and proved in the manner by the said Act directed; and thes&id sum of

pounds was advanced by C. D., and a mortgage of the glebe tithes and emoluments of the said living, by indenture bearing date the day of was duly made and executed to him for securing

the repayment thereof, With interest at the rate of

pounds per ceniumptr annum, by yearly payments, according to the directions of the said Act, and of another Act passed in the twenty-first

* i by VjUUv IV

Class II.] Statutetrelating to the Clergy.

year of his said Majesty’s reign, to explain and amend the same: And whereas the several yearly payments which have become due upon the said mortgage, up to and including; the day of

last, together with all interest arising upon the said mortgage to that time, have been discharged, and there now remains due on the security of the said mortgage, the principal sum of pounds, with interest thereon, from the said day of

150 t

No; XLBC 5 Geo. IV. c* 89.

[If the Incumbent entering into the agreement is a successor of him who made the mortgage, or the mortgagee is representative or assignee of him to whom the mortgage was made% the facts are to be here stated in proper recitals, and the proper parties are to be named in the subsequent parts of the agreement instead p the parties to the mortgage]: And whereas the said A. B., pursuant to the directions of an Act passed in the fifth year of the reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled [set forth the title of this Act\y has laid before the Ordinary of the said living a just and particular account in writing, signed by him, and verified as by the said last-mentioned Act is required, of the present income or produce of the said living, and of the outgoings therefrom; and the said Ordinary has caused inquiry to be made of the truth of the said account, and the result of the said inquiry to be certified to him as by the said Act required; and according to the said account and the certificate returned to the said Ordi-dinaiy, the net income and produce of the said living appears now to amount to the sum of pounds, and

therefore two years’ net income and produce thereof will amount to the sum of and no more: And whereas

the said C. D. is willing to accept such reduced yearly payments in discharge of the principal money remaining due on the said mortgage, as by the said last-mentioned Act authorized and herein-after mentioned: Now it is hereby agreed by and between the said A. B. and C. D. with the consent of the said Ordinary and of the

Patron [or Patrons] of the said church [or of the Hector or Vicar of the parish church of

who is entitled to the nomination of the Curate of the said curacy or chapelry of and the Patron of

the said parish church, or if any other person or persons shall according to the Act be required to act Jor the Patron, such person or persons shall be named, with a proper description, J testified by the said Ordinary and Patron signing this agreement; [or if either of them shall be a body corporate aggregate, then by the said Ordinary (or Patron) signing, and the said Patrons {or Ordinary) causing thehr common seal to be affixed to this agreement; ] and by virtue of the powers of the said last-mentioned Act of Parliament, that the yearly payments in discharge of the said sum of

pounds remaining due on the said mortgage as aforesaid, shall be made at the rate of five pounds per cent, or ten pounds per cent., as the case may require, according to the directions of the said several Acts of Parliament, of the said sum of pounds,

the amount of two years’ net income and produce of the said living, according to the late account and certificate herein-before mentioned; and the said mortgage of the said living is, pursuant to and by virtue of the said last-mentioned Act, to be ana remain in force as a security for the yearly payments hereby agreed to be made, as well as for payment of the interest arising on the said mortgage, and with all the powers and remedies for enforcing the same given by the said first-mentioned Act, until the money borrowed on the said mortgage, and all interest for the same, and also all costs and charges which shall be occasioned by the nonpayment thereof, shall be fully paid and discharged. Dated the day of in the year one thousand eight

hundred

<-ooq Le

150 tt

No. h *

5 Geo. IV. c. 91 *

Iriah Act*:

36 H. 6. o. 1.

10 Ic 11C. 1. c. 2.

6 G. 1. c. 13.

1G.2.C. 22.

40 G. 3. c. 27.

48 G. 3. o. 66.

Recited Act* of 36 H. 6.

10 & U C. 1. a* to Alienation, Ac. c. by the Clergy; ao much of

6 G. 1^ 1 G.2i and 40 G. 3. aa relates to Maintenance of Curates; and the whole of 43 G. 3. C.

66. repealed.

No Spiritual Person beneficed, or performing Ecclesiastical Duty, shall engage in Trade, or buy to sell again for Profit or Gain.

Statute* relating to the Clergy* [Port I«

[No. L.] 5 Geo. IV. c. 91—An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices; to restrain Spiritual Persons from, carrying on Trade or Merchandise; and for the Support and Maintenance of Stipendiary Curates, in Ireland. — [21st June 1824.]

WHEREAS several Acts were passed in the Parliament of Ireland, 11 that is to say; one Act in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of His Majesty King Henry the Sixth, intituled An Act that benefited Penan* shall keep Retidence; one other Act in the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of His Majesty King Char let the First, intituled An Ait to enable Restitutions of Impropriations and Tithes, and other Rights EccloU-astieal, to the Clergy, with a Restraint of aliening the same, and Directum* for Presentation to the Churches; one other Act in the sixth year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act far thg better Maintenance oj Curates within the Church of Ireland; one other Act in the first year of the reign of His Majesty King George the Second, for explaining and amending the said Act of the sixth year of King George the First, for tbfi better maintenance of Curates within the Church of Ireland; and cue other Act in the fortieth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of Ireland t And whereas an Act was passed in the Parliament of the United King* dom of Great Britain and Ireland, in the forty-eighth year of the reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices in Ireland: And whereas doubts have arisen upon the construction of some of the provisions of the said Acts, and it is therefore necessary that such provisions of the said Acts should be explained, and other provisions made, and that the several laws for enforcing of residence, and the maintenance of stipendiary Curates, in Ireland, should be amended; and that spiritual persons in Ireland should in certain cases be restrained from buying and selling: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted kiy the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act passed in the reign of his Majesty King Henry the Sixth, and so much of the said recitea Act of His Majesty King Charles the First, as relates to gifts, grants, alienations, forfeitures, charges, and incumbrances, imposed, laid, or suffered by any Minister or other Beneficer therein mentioned, or by any Pai^ son. Vicar, or other Beneficer having cure of souls, and to residence of spiritual, persons on their benefices; and also so much of the said recited Acts of the Parliament of Ireland, made in the sixth year of King George the First, and in the first year of King George the Second, and in the fortieth year of King George the Third, as relates to the maintenance of Curates within the Church of Ireland, and making provisions for appointing stipends for such Curates; and the whole of the said recited Act passed in the forty-eighth year of the reign of King George the Third, shall be and the same are respectively hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That no spiritual person having or holding any dignity, prebend, canonry, benehce, stipendiary, perpetual, or impropriate curacy or lectureship, shall, by himself, or by any other for him, or to his use, act as treasurer of any county, or engage in or carry on any trade or dealing for gain or profit, or be an agent or factor for any estate, or deal in any goods, wares, or merchandise, by buying and selling for lucre gain or profit, in any market fair or other place, upon pain of forfeiting the value of the goods, wares, and merchandises by him, or by any to his use, bargained and bought to sell again, contrary to the provisions of this Act; and that every bargain ana contract

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy* 150 * '

so made by him, or by any to his use, in any such trade or dealing or No. L. agency, contrary to this Act, shall be utterly void’and of noneeffect; and K r fv the one half of every such forfeiture shall go to His Majesty, and the 0 ueo. iv. other half to him that will sue for the same. c *

III. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained, in

relation to being engaged in trade or dealing, or buying or selling, shall Not to extend extend or be construed to extend to, or to subject to any penalty or for- g Spiritual feiture, any spiritual person for keeping a school or seminary, or acting y<rif* as a schoolmaster, or tutor, or instructor, or being in any. manner con*- P*J*P* ceraed or engaged in giving instruction or education for profit or reward, or for buying or selling, or doing any other act matter or thing in the ta jvv"? T* conduct of, or carrying on, or in relation to the management of any such mythtaw done school seminary or employment; or to any spirituu person whatever intuchemploy-for the buying of any goods wares or merchandises, or articles or things meat, or forth* of any description, which shall, without fraud or covin, be brought to the use of the fr-intent and purpose, at She buying thereof, to be used and employed by mUy, or occn-the spiritual person buying the same for his family or in his household; eying say and after the buying of any such goods, wares, or merchandises, or artl- Glebe, Ac. c. cles or things, the selling the Bame again, or any parts thereof which such person may not want or choose to Keep, although the same shall be sold at any advanced price beyond that which may have been given for the same, or for any buying or selling again for any lucre, gain, or profit, of any matter of cattle or corn, or outer matters or things whatever, necessary proper or convenient to be Bought, sold, kept, or maintained by any spiritual person, or any other person for him, or to his use, for the occupation, manuring, improving, pasturage, or profit of any glebe, demesne, farms, lands. Tenements, or hereditaments, which may be lawfully held and occupied, possessed and ejnjqyed by such spiritual person, or any other for him or to his use: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorise any such spiritual person to sell any cattle or corn, or other matters or things as aforesaid, in person, in any market fair or place of public sale.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the pasring of this Faulty Ac Act, every spirtual person holding any benefice who shall, without any Nm nddrat* such licence or exemption as is in this Act allowed for that purpose

wilfully absent himself therefrom for any period exceeding the space* of three months together, or to be accounted at several timet in any one year, and ratke his residenoe and abiding at any other place or places, except at some other benefice, donative, perpetual curacy, or parochial chapelry. of which he may be possessed, shall, when such absence shall exceed such period as aforesaid, and not exoeed six months, forfeit and pay one third of the annual value (deducting therefrom all outgoings, except any stipend paid to any Curate) of the benefice, donative, perpetual etiracy, or parochial chapelry from which he shall so absent himself as aforesaid; and when such absence shall exceed six months, and not exceed eight months, one-half of such annual value; and when such absence shall exceed eight months, two-thirds of such annual value; and when such absence shall have been fur the whole of the year, three-fourths of such annual value; to be recovered by motion of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Dublin, wherein no essoign, privilege, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and the whole of every such penalty or forfeiture shall go and be paid to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same, together with such costs of suit as shall be allowed, according to the practice of the Court in which such action shall be brought.

V. And be it further enacted, That every spiritual person having any Wh no benefice, and who shall not have any house of residence thereon, and p|00M betoM* who shall have resided nine months in the year within the limits of his iMtotheBtne^ benefice, or within the limits of the city, town, place, or parish in which J-J

his benefice may be situated, provided such last-mentioned residence be fence within

the Limits of Parish, Are., deemed legal Residence.

chased by Trustees of First-fruits to be deemed ResiRectories haring Vicarages endowed. Residence of the Vicar deemed legal.

Power in the Bishop to allow any fit House hetongingtothe preferment, to be a House of residence.

Certain Persons exempted while exercising certain Offices, ▼is. Masters of Hospitals and Charities; Vicars General, Surrogates or Officials; Certified Chaplains of Lord Lieutenants;

Chaplains of Archbishops, Bishops, and Peers;

Provost, Fellows, and Officers of Trinity College, Dublin, &c.

Schoolmasters of endowed Diocesan Schools; Persons exempted by special Acts,

Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

within the distance of two miles from the church or chapel of hu bene* fice, shall not be liable to any penalties on account of non-residence, nor be obliged to take out any licence in respect thereof, but that the same shall be deemed a legal residence to all intents and purposes of this Act; and in all returns made by the Bishops, persons so residing shall be returned as resident.

VI. And whereas the Trustees and Commissioners of the first-fruits of ecclesiastical benefices in Ireland, may have in some instances purchased and may hereafter purchase houses not situate within the parishes for which they are purchased, but so contiguuiis as to be sufficiently convenient and suitable for the residence of the officiating ministers thereof; be it therefore enacted, That such houses, having been previously approved by the Bishop, by writing under his hand and seal, and duly registered in the registry of the diocese, shall be deemed houses of residence appertaining to such benefices, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of rectories having vicarages endowed, the residence of the Vicar in the rectory house shaft be deemed a legal residence to all intents and purposes whatever; provided that the vicarage house be kept in.proper repair, to the satisfaction of the Bishop.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Bishop, in every case in which there shall not be a house of residence belonging to any benefice within his diocese, to allow and adjudge any fit house within the limits of such benefice and belonging thereto, or any fit house belonging thereto not within the limits, but so contiguous as to be sufficiently convenient for the purpose, to be thie house of residence thereof; and such allowance and adjudication in writing under the hand and seal of such Bishop, shall thereupon be registered in the registry of the diocese from time to time; and such house shall thenceforth be deemed the house of residence for the time being to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to or in any manner to affect any person holding any of the offices or situations hereafter mentioned; that is to say, any roaster or preacher of any hospital, or of any incorporated charitable foundation in Ireland!, during the period for which he may be required to reside, by any charter or statute of any such hospital or incorporated charitable foundation, or by any other lawful authority id the same, and shall actually reside and perform the duties therein; or any Vicar General or principal Surrogate, or official in any Ecclesiastical Court of any diocese, whilst they are respectively residing in the places where their respective offices are exercised; or any Chaplain or Chaplains of the Lord Lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, provided that every such Chaplain shall have a certificate from such Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors, or his or their chief secretary, that he is resident in Dublm, or near the person of such Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors, and is occupied by the duty of his office as such Chaplain; or any Chaplain of any Archbishop or Bishop, or of any Peer of Ireland, during such time as such Chaplain shall abide and dwell, and daily attend in the performance of his duty as Chaplain in the household to which he shall belong within Ireland; or the provost or any fellow of Or any professor orpiMc officer in the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity near Dublin, or the professor of astronomy at Armagh, during the period for which any such provost, fellow, professor, or officer may respectively be required to perforin the duties ot any such office, and shall actually perform the duties of the same; or any schoolmaster of any school founded and endowed by His Majesty or any of his royal predecessors, or any diocesan schoolmaster during such time as such schoolmaster shall actually reside at such school and perform the duties of a schoolmaster therein; or any pereon who shall be specialty exempted from residence

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy.

under the provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament not repealed by this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any spiritual person being Dean, during such' time as he shall reside upon his deanery, or holding any other dignity, or being Prebendary or Canon in any cathedral or collegiate church or churches, who shall reside any period not exceeding four months altogether within the year upon such dignity, prebend, or canonry, to account such residence as if he had legally resided on some benefice, provided he keep a resident Curate on his benefice:Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any spiritual person having or holding any prebend canonry or dignity in any cathedral or collegiate church, in which the year for the purposes of residence is accounted to commence at any other period than the first day of January, and who may keep the periods of residence required for two successive years at such cathedral or collegiate church in whole or in part, between the first day of January and the thirty-first day of December in any one year, to account such residence, although exceeding four months in the year, as reckoned from the first day oi January to the thirty-first day of December, as if he had legally resided on some benefice; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Bishop of the diocese in which any benefice shall be locally situate, to licence any longer period of non-residence upon any such benefice of any Dean or person holding any other dignity in any cathedral or collegiate church, or of any Prebendary or Canon in any case in which it shall appear to such Bishop from his dwn knowledge, if such cathedral or collegiate church is locally situate within his own diocese, or if not, by the certificate of the Bishop of the diocese in which the cathedral or collegiate church shall be, locally situate, to be required for the performance of any duties in any such cathedral or collegiate church, provided that every such spiritual person shall during such period reside on such prebend, canonry, or dignity.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no spiritual person appointed to any prebend canonry or dignity in any cathedral or collegiate church before the passing of this Act, shall be subject to any penalty or forfeiture for non-residence upon any benefice during the period of his actually residing upon such prebend canoniy or dignity.

XIIC. And be it further enacted, That every spiritual person having any house of residence upon his benefice, who shall not reside thereon, shall, during such period or periods of non-residence, whether the same shall be for the whole or part of any year, keep such house of residence in good and sufficient repair; and that every such spiritual person who shall not keep such house of residence in repair, and who shall not, upon monition issued by the Bishop of the diocese in which the same shall be locally situate, put the same in repair, according to the requisition of such monition, .within the time specified therein, to the satisfaction of the Bishop of the diocese, and to be certified to the Bishop upon such survey and report as shall be required by the Bishop in that behalf, shall be liable to all )>enalties for non-residence, notwithstanding any exemption or licence during the period of such house of residence remaining out of repair, and until (he same shall have been put in good and sufficient repair, to the satisfaction of the Bishop of the diocese.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Bishop, upon application made for that purpose, by petition in writing, by any spiritual person, or by any fit and proper person, on behalf of uny spiritual person, having or holding any benefice locally situated within his diocese, upon such proofs as to any facts stated in any such petition, as any such Bishop may think necessary and shall require, by affidavit made before any Ecclesiastical Judge or his Surrogate, or any Justice of ihc Peace or Magistrate, or any Master Extraordinary in Chancery (which oath any such Ecclesiastical Judge or Surrogate, or Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, or Master Extraordinary in Chancery, is hereby authorized and required to ad minisDignitaries residing at Cathedral Churches for ceruin periods exempted. Provision for cases in which the year of residence at Cathedrals commences at any other period than the first of January.

Bishop may licence for a longer period of Non-reaidence, if the Duties of a Cathedral require it.

Proviso for Prebendaries, &c., appointed before this Act.

Persons having House of residence on their Benefice to forfeit the exemption, if House not kept in repair.

Bishop may grant Licences for Non-residence in certain cues enumerated.

150 a a

No. U

5 Geo. IV, c. 91.

Fee for Li* ceaces, 1U#.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the AithbUhop.

Security to he given for pay* ment of Ex- . pencea.

In cases not enumerated, Bishops may grant Licences and assign Salaries to Curates employed.

Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

ter), to grant, in tuch cases as are in this Act enumerated, in which, upon due consideration of all the circumstances stated in any such application, and verified to the satisfaction of the Bishop as aforesaid, such Bishop shall in his discretion think it fie to grant the same, a licence in writing under his hand, expressing the cause of granting the same, to such spiritual person to reside out of the parish, or out of the proper house of residence of his benefice, for the purpose of exempting fsuch person from any pecuniary penalty or forfeiture in respect of any nonresidence thereon; (that is to say) to any spiritual person who shall be prevented from residing in the proper house of residence, or in the parish, ov any actual illness or infirmity of body, of himself or of his wife or child, making part of and residing with him as part of his family; and also to any spiritual person having or holding any benefice whereupon or wherein there shall ne no house of residence, or where the house of residence shall be unfit for the residence of such spiritual person, such unfitness not being occasioned by any negligence, default, or other -misconduct of such spiritual person, and such spiritual person keeping such house of residence in repair to the satisfaction of the Bishop; and also to any spiritual person having or holding any benefice, and occupying, in the parish of the same respectively, any mansion or messuage, to reside in such mansion or messuage, such spiritual person keeping the house of residence and other buildings belonging thereto in good and sufficient repair and condition, and producing to the Bishop proof to his satisfaction at the time of granting and renewing any such licence, of such good and sufficient state of repair; and also to any spiritual person having or holding any benefice of small value, and serving as a licensed stipendiary Curate elsewhere, and providing for the serving such his benefice to the satisfaction of such Bishop; and also to any usher of any endowed school duly licensed by the Bishop, and actually employed m teaching therein, or to any person holding any endowed lectureship or endowed chapelry, or endowed preachership, and performing and executing the duties thereof respectively, with the licence of the Bishop in whose diocese lie shall so officiate: Provided always, that the spiritual person obtaining any such licence shall pay to the secretary or officer of the Bishop, the sum of ten shillings, exclusive of and over and above the stamp duty chargeable thereon, and no more: Provided also, that if any spiritual person applying to any such Bishop for any such licence shall think himself aggrieved by the refusal thereof, it 'shall be lawful for such spiritual person to appeal to the Archbishop of the province, who shall forthwith, either by himself or some Commissioned or Com miss ionera appointed from among the other Bishops of his province, under his hand, make or cause to be made inquiry into the same, and by writing signed by himself confirm such refusal, or grant a licence under this Act, as shall seem just and proper; Provided always, that in every such case the spiritual person so appealing shall give security to the Bishop for the payment of such reasonable expences, occasioned by the appeal, as the Archbishop or his Commissioner or Commissioners shall award.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Bishop as aforesaid, in any cases not herein-before enumerated, in which under all the circumstances of any such case, such Bishop shall think it expedient to grant to any spiritual person possessed of auy benefice, a licence to reside out of the parish, or out of the proper house of residence, as the case may be, as the case may rq>pear to such Bishop to require, to assign in any case m which a stipendiary Curate may be employed to do the duty of such spiritual person, such salary as he shall

»e fit to appoint, due respect being had to the value of such benefice, to all other circumstances of the case; and it shall also be lawful for any Bishop, in case of the absence from the realm of any spiritual person, to grant any such licence, without any application made for that purpose, and from time to time, in any such case, to renew any such licence, as he shall think fit, and in every such case to appoint a stipendiary Curate, in ca^e no Curate duly licensed should be then employed in serving such benefice, and to assign a salary to such Curate; urn any

Class II.] Statute relating to the Clergy.

Curate shall have been and be then so employed, to assign any additional salary to such Curate, or to appoint an additional Curate, and in every and any of such cases, to cause such salaries to be paid by sequestration of the profits of the benefice: Provided always, that in every such case respectively, the nature and special circumstances thereof, and the reasons that have induced such Bishop to grant such licence as aforesaid, shall be forthwith transmitted to the Archbishop of the province to which such Bishop shall belong, who shall forthwith, by himself, or by some Commissioner or Commissioners appointed for that purpose from among the Bishops of such province, by writing under his band, which Commissioner or Commissioners is and are thereupon authorized to take upon himself or themselves the execution of the said commission, examine into such case, and make such inquiries as to any particulars relating thereto, as such Archbishop or Commissioner or Commissioners so appointed as aforesaid may think necessary; and after such inquiries made by himself, or where the same shall .be made by such Commissioner or Commissioners, after a return of the substance thereof in writing to such Archbishop, such Archbishop shall thereupon allow or disallow such licence in the whole or in part, or make any alteration therein as to the period for which the same may have been granted* or otherwise, and likewise as to the stipend assigned to the Curate, as to such Areh-bishop shall seem fit; and no such licence shall be good, valid, or effectual under this Act, for any purpose whatever, unless it shall have been so allowed and approved by such Archbishop, such allowance thereof being signified by the signing thereof by such Archbishop: Provided always, that it shall not be necessary in such licence to specify the cause of granting the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no licence granted under this Act shall be made void by the death or removal of the Bishop granting the same, but the same sli&U be and remain good and valid, notwithstanding any such death or removal, unless the same shall be revoked by the next or any succeeding Bishop, as the case may require.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every application made by or in behalf of any spiritual person holding any benence, donative, perpetual or impropriate curacy, or parochial chauelry, to the Bishop of the diocese, for any licence for non-residence, shall be in writing, ana shall be signed by the person making the same, and shall state whether such spiritual person intends to perform the duty himself, and if he does, where and at what distance^he intends to reside, or if he intends to employ a Curate, the application shall state what salary he proposes to give to his Curate, and whether the Curate proposes to reside, or not to resale, in the parish, and if the Curate intends to reside, then whether in the parsonage nouse, and if he does not intend to reside in the parish, then the application shall state at what distance therefrom, and at what place such Curate intends to reside, and whether such Curate serves any other parish as Curate or Incumbent, or has any ecclesiastical preferment, or bolds any donative, perpetual curacy, or parochial chapelry, or officiates in any other church or chapel; and such application shall also state the gross annual value of the benefice in respect of which any licence for non-residence shall be applied for; and it shall not be lawful for the Bishop to gram any such licence, unless the application shall contain a statement of the several

Krticuiars aforesaid; and all such applications and specifications shall kept and filed by the registrar of the diocese in a separate book, which shall be kept and preserved for that purpose; and such book shall not be open to public inspection, or disclosed, or copies thereof made, except with the leave in writing of the Bishop of the diocese.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That during the vacancy of any seer or the absence of the Bishop of the diocese from that part of lisa United Kingdom called Ireland, the power oi granting licences under this Act, subject to the regulations thereiu contained, shall be exercised by the Vicar general of the diocese, or in case such circumstances shall arise as shall disable tire Bishop from exercising in person the functions of his office, it shall he exerciicd by such person or persons ea is

1506 6

No. hr 5 Geo. IV. e. 91.

for

granting them to be transmitted to the Archbishop for examination and allowance.

Licences not to be void by the death or removal of the Grantor, unlesa revoked bythetupcemor. Every application for Licence shall be hi writing, end flheU state certain particular!.

By whom Licence* may be granted while a See is vacant, or the Bishop ab150 c e

No. L.

5 Geo. IV. c. 91 *

Licences may be revoked

Fees may be ordered to be paid by Appellants.

Limiting the timeodieencea.

Copies of licences or Revocations to be filed in the Registry of the Diocese, and a list kept for inspection; and copies transmitted to churchwardens;

Penalty on Registrar neglecting to enter such licence or Revocation, 5 L

To be publicly read at the first visitation.

A list of Licences allowed by the Archbishop, or granted in his own Diocese, shall be annually transmitted to the Lord Lieutenant, in Council, &c. who may revoke Licences, &c.

Statutes relating to the Clergy• [Pfcrtl.

or are lawfully empowered to exercise hfe general jurisdiction in the diocese.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Bishop, who shall have granted any licence for non-residence as aforesaid, or for any successor or successors of any such Bishop, to revoke any such licence in any case in which it may appear to him or them proper and expedient to revoke the same: Provided that any spiritual person may appeal against any such revocation by the Bishop, in like manner as is herein-before directed in case of any refusal of any licence: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for any Archbishop to whom such appeal shall be made to order and direct such reasonable fees and charges to be paid by any spiritual person appealing as aforesaid, in respect of any such proceedings as aforesaid, as he shall m his discretion think fit: Provided also, that no licence for non-residence granted under this Act shall continue in force for more than three years from the granting thereof, or after the thirty-first day of December in the second year after the year in which such licence is granted.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Bishop who shall grant or revoke any licence for non-residence under this Act, shall and he is hereby required, within one month after the grant or revocation of such licence, to cause a copy of every such licence or revocation to be filed in the registry of his diocese, and an alphabetical list of such licences and revocations shall be made out by the Registrar of such diocese, and entered in a book, and kept for the inspection of all persons, upon payment of the sum of three shillings and no more; and a copy of every such licence with respect to any benefice, shall be transmitted by the spiritual person to whom the licence is granted, to the churchwardens of the parish township or place to which the same relates, or to one of them, within one month after the grant of such licence; and every Bishop revoking any licence shall cause such revocation to be transmitted to the churchwardens of the parish township or place to which it relates, or to one of them, which copies shall be by them deposited in the parish chest; and every Registrar who shall neglect to enter the same shall forfeit for every neglect of entering any such licence or revocation in any such list the sum of five pounds, to be recovered by and for the use of any person who shall sue for the same, in like manner as any penalty may be recovered under the provisions of this Act; and a copy of every such licence or revocation shall likewise be produced by the churchwardens, and publicly read by the Registrar or otheg officer at the visitation of the diocese or ecclesiastical district within which the benefice in respect whereof the licence shall have been granted or revocation made shall be locally situate, immediately next succeeding the granting or revocation thereof.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Archbishop who shall in his own diocese grant any licence, or who shall allow or approve, in manner directed by this Act, any licence or licences in any case or cases not enumerated in this Act, shall annually, on or before the thirty-first day of January in eachyear, transmit to the Lord Lieutenant, or other chiefgovernor or governors of Ireland, a list of all such licences so granted or allowed or approved respectively as aforesaid, in the year ending on the last day of December preceding such thirty-first day of January, and shall in every such list specify the reasons which shall have induced him to grant allow or approve the said licences, together with the reasons transmitted to him by the Bishops for granting any such licences in their respective dioceses; and it snail be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, by and with the advice and consent of His Majesty’s Privy Council there, by an order made tor that purpose, to revoke and annul any such licence, from such time as shall be mentioned in such order; and in case any such order shall be so made, the same shall be transmitted to the Archbishop who shall have granted or allowed or approved such licence, who shall thereupon cause a copy of every such order made in relation to any licence sq allowed or approved to be transmitted to the Bishop of the diocese in which sudi licence shall have been

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy. '

granted; and such Bishop shall cause a copy of the mandatory part of the order to be filed in the registry of such diocese, and a like copy to be delivered to the churchwardens of the parish to which the same relates, in manner herein-before directed as to revocation^ f licences under this Act; and every such Archbishop shall cause a copy of the mandatory part of every such order made in relation to any such licence as afore* said granted by him in his own diocese, to be in like manner filed in the registry of his diocese, and a like copy also to be delivered to the churchwarden of the parish to which such licence shall relate, in manner before mentioned: Provided always, that after the time from which such licence shall have been so revoked by order in council, the same shall nevertheless, in all questions that shall have arisen or may thereafter arise, touching the non-residence of the spiritual person to whom the same shall have been granted, between the period atwhich the same was granted or allowed orapproved, and the time at which the same shall be so revoked as aforesaid, be deemed and taken to be and to have been valid and effectual to all intents and purposes of this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That on or before the twenty-fifth day of Mqrch in every year, a return or returns shall be made to his Majesty in council by every Bishop, of the names of every benefice within his diocese or subject to his jurisdiction by virtue of this Act, and the names of the several spiritual persons holding the same respectively who shall have resided, and also the names of the several spiritual persons respectively who shall not have resided thereon by reason of any exemption under or by virtue of this Act, or by reason of any licence granted by such Bishop, for any and what cause enumerated by this Act; and also of all spiritual persons not having any such exemption or licence; who shall not have resided on their respective benefices, so far as the Bishop is informed thereof; and also the names of all Curates licensed to serve any benefice on which the Incumbent is not resident, and whether the cross annual value of such benefice amounts to or exceeds three hundred pounds per annum or not, the amount of the Curate’s salary and the place of his residence; and every spiritual person who shall be non-resiaent in any year subsequent to the passing of this Act, by reason of residence on any other benefice, or of any exemption under this Act, and to eiititle him to which it is not necessary to obtain any licence under this Act, shall within six weeks from and after the first day of January in every following year,

150 dd No. L.

5 Geo. IV. C. 91Licence, although revoked, shall be deemed valid between the Grant and Revocation.

On or before 25th March annually, a return shall be made to His Majesty in Council of every Benefice, and whether it exceeds the value of300/. or not, with names of Residents and Non-residents, Ac. c.

Non-residence* by exemption withoutLicence shall yearly notify to the Bishop of the

notify the same in writing under His hand to the Bishop*of the diocese to whose jurisdiction he is subject by this Act, or otherwise in respect of 1 e such benefice, specifying the nature of such exemption, and whether the gross annual value of the benefice on which ne is non-resident . amounts to or exceeds three hundred pounds per annum or not; and every spiritual person who shall have more than one benefice, and who shall reside on one of them, or who shall reside during any period of the year on any dignify, or in the performance of the duties of any office m any cathedral or collegiate church, or who shall be non-resident for any period of the year on account of any of the causes of temporary exemption specified in this Act, shall in like manner and within the like period in each year notify the fame.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every spiritual person who shall neglect to make, such notification as by this Act is directed, within such period of six weeks as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds to’be levied by order of the Bishop of lo forfeit the diocese by sea lies iration, if not otherwise paid, after monition, to pav 2W- recover-the same out of the profits of the benefice in respect of which he snal neglect to make such notification, by the Bishop of the diocese to whom

Persons neglecting to notify cause ofexempable by sequestration.

the notification ought to be made, to be applied as such Bishog may direct, to useful and charitable purposes: Provided always, that it shall be lawful lor such Bishop to remit or Older the repayment of any part of any such penalty, in like manner as is allowed by this Act in cases of non-compliance with an order for residence.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained empc from censure for Non-residence without Licence; but no ccusure for Non*residence shall1 force, nor any proceedings be admitted, except it the suit of Use Bishop.

Vm. I N s

Power of mitigation or remitting by the Bishop.

Act not to e»

If aMf uaUomsed person does not sufficiently reside, the Bishop may issue I no* feitktt.

Returns to bt made to mo-niUouSt which may be re* quired to be upon oath.

Where returns shall not be made, or shall not be satisfactory, Bishop may order residence, and if disobeyed, may sequester the profits of the Benefice, end

direct an application of the profits.

Statute$ relating to the Clergy. [Part 1.

abaU extend or be construed to extend to exempt any spiritual person or persons from any canonical or ecclesiastical censure?, or affect any proceedings that shall hereafter be instituted in any Ecclesiastical Court, in order to cause the same to be inflicted, in relation to the non-residence of any spiritual person having or holding any benefice who shall not have obtained a licence accoramg to the provisions of this Act to be absent therefrom, nor have any other lawful cause of absence:Provided always, that uo proceeding be admitted in any Ecclesiastical Court against any spiritual person for non-residence, not exceeding three months in any one year, at the suit or instance of any person or persons other than the Bishop only of the diocese within which the benefice in respect whereof such non residence shall have taken place shall be locally situated; any thing in any law or laws, or ecclesiastical canon or canons, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which it shall appear to any such Bishop as aforesaid, that any spiritual person having or nolding any benefice, and not being licensed according to this Act to ba absent therefrom, nor having any lawful cause of absence from the same, does net sufficiently reside on the same respectively{it shall be lawful for such Bishop to issue or cause to be issued a monition to such spiritual person forthwith to proceed to and reside thereon, and perform the duties thereof, and to make a return to such monition within a certain number of days after the issuing thereof, so as that in every such case there shall be thirty days between the times of delivering such monition to such spiritual person, or leaving the same at his then usual or last place of abode, or if not there to be found, with the officiating Minister or one of the Churchwardens, and also a copy thereof at the house of residence (if any such there be} belonging to such benefice, to which any such spiritual person shall be required by such monition to proceed and reside thereon, and the time specified in such monition for the return thereto, and a copy of every such monition shall, immediately on the issuing thereof, be filed in the registry of such Bishop's Court, and shall be open for inspection on the payment of three shillings, and no more; and the spiritual person to whom any such monition shall be sent under this Act, shall, within the time specified for that purpose make a return thereto into such registry to be there filed; and it shall be lawful for the Bishop to whom any such return snail be made, to require such return, or any fact contained therein, to be verified by the oath of such spiritual person or others, to be taken before some Surrogate, or Justice of the Peace, or Master Extraordinary in Chancery, which oath any such Surrogate, or Justice of the Peace, or Master Extraordinary In Chancery is hereby authorized and required to administer, on application being made for that purpose; and in every case where no such return shall be made, or where such return shall not state such reasons as shall be deenped satisfactory by such Bishop for the non-residence of the spiritual person to whom such monition snail have been sent as aforesaid, or where the same or any of the facts contained therein shall not be so verified as aforesaid, when the same shall have been required, then and hi such case it shall be lawful for such Bishop to issue ail order in writing under his hand and seal, to require such person to proceed to and reside as aforesaid, within thirty days after such order in writing or a copy thereof shall have been delivered or left in like manner as hereinbefore required as to monitions; and in case of non-compliance, it shall be lawful for such Bishop to sequester the profits of such benefice of such spiritualperson as aforesaid, until such order shall be complied with, or stfch sufficient reasons for non-residence stated and proved as aforesaid, and to direct by any order to be made for that purpose under his hand, and filed as aforesaid, the application of such profits, after deducting the necessary expenecs of serving the cure, cither in the whole or in such proportion as he shall think fit, in the first place, to the payment of such reasonable e:; pences as shall have been incurred in relation to such monition and sequestration, and in the next place, towards the augmentation or improvement of any such benefice Of1 ^hott&b^or^e^lence thereof, or any of the buildings and appurtenance thereof, or towards the

may be made to the Archbishop.

Class II.] Statute* relating to the Clergy. 160//

improvement of any of the glebe or demesne lands thereof or 4o order No. L. ana direct the same or any portion thereof to be paid to the Trustees and iy Commiaaioaera of the first-fruits in Ireland for the augmentation of the ' *

maintenance of the poor Clergy, to be applied for the purposes of such c* 8, 1 augmentation as such Bishop shall, in his discretion, under all circumstances think fit and expedient; and it shall also be lawful for any such Bishop within six months after such order for sequestration, or within six months after any money shall have been actually levied for such sequestration, to remit to any such spiritual person any part or proportion of such sequestered profits, or cause the same or any part thereof that shall have been paid or directed to be paid to the said Trustees and Commissioners, to be repaid to such spiritual person, which repayment the said Trustees and Commissioners are hereby authorised and required, upon an order under the head of any such Bishop, to make out of any money then in their hands, or if no money shall then be in their hands, out of the next money that shall oome to their haods, in any case which by reason of the subsequent obedience of any such spiritual person to any such monition or order, or the stating and proving such sufficient reasons a» aforesaid, such Bishop shall think the tame proper: Provided Appeal against always, that when any such spiritual person shall think himself aggrieved . Sequ"t"ti^n by reason of any such sequestration issued by any Bishop, it shall be lawful for such spiritual person, within one month after the making any order for nay soon sequestration as aforesaid, to appeal to the Archbishop of the province to which such Bishop shall belong, who shall forthwith, either by himself or some Commissioner or Commissioners appointed from among the Bishops of his province for that purpose, under nix hand and seal, make or cause to be made due inquiry into the same, and make such order therein or relating thereto, or to the profits that shall be so sequestered as aforesaid, for the return to such spiritual person of the same or any part thereof, or otherwise, as shall, under all the circumstances of the case, appear to such Archbishop (after such inquiry made by himself or by his Commissioner or Commissioners, and in the latter ease, after the substance of such inquiry shall have been returned in writing to the said Archbishop) to be just and proper: Provided always, that the party so appealing shall give security to the Bishop for the payment of such reasonable expenees occasioned by the appeal, as the Archbishop or his Commissioner or Commissioners shall award: Provided also, that no such order for any sequestration shall be put in force during such appeal as aforesaid, and until the same shall be determined

XXVI, And be it further enacted, That every spiritual person, to whom any such monition or order in writing shall be sent as aforesaid, under this Act, who shall be at the time of the issuing thereof absent from residence in or upon his benefice, contrary to the provisions of this Act, but who shall, in obedience to such monition or order, forthwith return to due residence, and the profits of whose benefice stall, by reason of such retugi, not be sequestered, shall nevertheless pay all costs, charges, and expenees incurred by reason of the issuing and serving such monition or order, to be levied as any costs may be levied upon any spiritual person by any Bishop under any of the provisions of this Act.

XXVII. And to the intent effectually to enforce band fide residence,

according to the intent and meaning of such monition and order as afore-paid, be it further enacted, That if any spiritual person, not licensed under this Act to be absent from his benefice, nor having other law* ful cause of absence from the same, who after any such monition or order as aforesaid, requiring bis residence, and before or after any such sequestration as aforesaid, shall, in obedience to any such monition or order, have begun to reside upon his benefice, shall afterwards, and before the expiration of six months next after the commencement of such residence, without the leave of such Bishop, wilfully, in the judgment of such Bishop, absent himself from such benefice, it shall be lawful for such Bishop, without issuing any other monition, or making any other order, again to sequester and apply the profits of such benefice *

directed by this Act, for the purpose of enforcing the residence of such


Appellant to give security for payment of the Expences.

Persons who shall return to Residence on monition, shaft pay tht Costa,

If sny person returning to residence on monition shall before six months thereafter absent himself, the Bishop may, without monition, sequester the profits of the Benefice.

150 gg No. L.

5 Geo. IV. c. 91.

Bishops empowered to punish past non-residence.

Penalties for the recovery of which monition has been issued, may be remitted by the Bishop, and special returns made of the reasons for such remission.

If any spiritual person shall continue under sequestration two years, or incur three sequestrations within that period, the Benefice shall become void.

Contracts for letting houses in which any spiritual persona shall by order of the Bishop be required to reside, shall be void.

Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

spiritual person, according to the true intent of the original monition issued by such Bishop as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the Bishop so to proceed in like cases from time to time, as often as occasion may require; provided that in each and every of such cases, such spiritual person shall be entitled to appeal against such sequestration, in such manner and upon such terras as herein-before is and are mentioned touching appeals respecting sequestration; but nevertheless the same shall be in full force during such appeal.

XXVIII. And whereas it is expedient that Bishops should be empowered summarily to punish past non-residence as well as to compel residence in future; be it therefore enacted, That in all cases in which any spiritual person shall have become subject to any penalty or forfeiture for any non-residence, it shall be lawful for the Bishop within whose diocese such penalty or forfeiture shall have arisen, to proceed against such spiritual person for such past non-residence, and to levy the penalties incurred thereby by monition and sequestration, and to direct the application thereof m like manner, and subject to the same regulations, and with like powers of remitting or ordering the repayment of any part of such penalties, as is directed or allowed in cases of non-compliance with any order for residence.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which any Archbishop or Bishop shall think proper under all circumstances, after proceeding by monition for the recovery of any penalty under this Act: of more than one-third of the value of any benefice, for any non-residence exceeding six months in the year, to remit the whole or any part of any such penalty, such Archbishop shall forthwith transmit to the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors, and to the Privy Council in Ireland, and such Bishop shall transmit to the Archbishop of the province to which he belongs, a list of such cases as have occurred in his or their respective dioceses, specifying the nature and special circumstances of each case, and the reasons Tor the said remission, in the same manner as is directed in relation to the licences for non-residence

granted in non-enumerated cases; and it shall thereupon be lawful for tie Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, by and with the advice and consent of His Majesty’s Privy Council in Jire-land, or for the said Archbishop, as the case may be, to allow or disallow such remission in whole or in part, in the same manner as is provided in this Act with relation to the allowance or disallowance of licences for non-residence: Provided always, that the decision of the said Archbishop with respect to cases transmitted to him from any such Bishop shall be final.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if the benefice of any spiritual person shall continue for the space of two years under any sequestration, and under the provisions of this Act, for disobedience to the Bishop’s monition requiring such spiritual person to reside on his benefice, or shall under the provisions of this Act incur three such sequestrations in the said space of two years, the spiritual person not being relieved with respect to any of such sequestrations upon appeal, the benefice in relation to non-residence upon which such sequestration shall have been made, shall become ipso facto void, and the Bishop of the diocese shall thereupon give notice thereof to the patron or person entitled to present, who shall thereupon present or nominate some clerk thereto, other than the spiritual person whose benefice shall have so continued under such sequestration, or who shall have incurred such sequestrations as aforesaid, as if the same had been avoided by the natural death or resignation of such spiritual person.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all contracts or agreements made for the letting of the house of residence, or the buildings, gardens, orchards, and appurtenances necessary fur the convenient occu|uition of the same, belonging to any benefice, to which house of residence any spiritual person shall be required, by order of the Bishdp as aforesaid, to proceed and to reside therein, or which shall be assigned or appointed as a residence to any Curate by the Bishop, shall, upon a copy of such order,

Class 11.] Statutes relating to the Clergy.

assignment or appointment being served upon the occupier thereof, or left at the house, be null and void; and a copy of every such order, assignment, or appointment, shall immediately on the issuing thereof be transmitted to one of the Churchwardens of the parish, or such other person as the Bishop shall think fit, and be by him forthwith served on the occupier of such house of residence, or left at the same; and any person continuing to hold any such house of residence, or any such building, garden, orchard, or appurtenances, after the day on which the said spiritual person shall be directed by such order to reside in such house of residence, or which shall be specified in any such assignment or appointment; and after service of such copy as aforesaid, or the same being so left as aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of forty shillings for every day he shall, without the permission of the Bishop in writing for that purpose obtained, wilfully continue to bold any such house, building, garaeo, orchard, or appurtenances, together with the expences of serving such order, in case it snail have been deemed necessary specially to serve such order, to be allowed by the Bishop issuing the order, or making such assignment or appointment as aforesaid, and to be recovered and applied in like manner as the penalties for non-residence are directed to be recovered and applied by the provisions t)f this Act; and it shall also be lawful for the spiritual person so directed to reside as aforesaid, or Curate to whom any spch residence is assigned, to apply to any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of the county, riding, province, city, or place, for a warrant for the taking possession thereof, and the Justice of the Peace to whom any such order for such possession is produced, shall and he is hereby required thereupon to give a warrant for such possession, and possession may thereupon be taken of such house under such warrant, at any time in the day-time, by entering the same by force, if necessary, without any other proceeding by ejectment or otherwise; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament or law or laws to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no spiritual person shall be liable to any penalties for not residing in any such house or residence during such time as such tenant shall continue to occupy such house of residence, or other buildings necessary to the occupation of the same.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no oath shall be required of or taken by any Vicar, in relation to residence on his vicarage; any law, custom, constitution, or usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no penalty or forfeiture shall be recovered by any proceeding or action against any spiritual person, under the provisions of this Act, other or further than those which such spiritual person may have incurred during the year ending on the thirty-first day of December immediately preceding the commencement of such proceeding or action.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That every penalty for non-residence under this Act, in respect of which no proceeding shall have been had by monition before the first day of April next after the year in which the same shall have been incurred, may be recovered by action or suit in the manner by this Act directed.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no action of debt, bill, plaint, or information against any spiritual person, for the recovery of any penalties and forfeitures under this Act, shall be commenced or filed in any of His Majesty s Courts of Record at Dublin, until the first day of May after the expiration of the year in which the alleged offence shall have taken place.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That for all the purposes of this Act, the year shall he deemed to commence on the first day of January, and be reckoned therefrom to the thirty-first day of December, both inclusive.

XXXV111. And be it further enacted, that for all the purposes of this Act, the months therein named shall be taken to be calenda^gnonths, except in any case in which any month or months are to be made up of

160/i h No. L.

6 Geo. IV. c. 91.

Any person holding possession after the day appointed shall he subject to penalty.

Justice may grant Warrant to take poaNot liable to penalty while the Tenant

to occupy. NoOathreUtinf to Residence shall be required of any Vicar.

Penalties not recoverable for more than bne year.

Penalties not levied under monition may be recover'd by Action.

Actions for Penalties not to be commenced before 1st May after expiration of the year. Commencement and conclusion of the year.

Calendar months to be taken for the purposes of this Act.

150 i i Statutet relating the Clergy, [Part 1.

No. L.

5 Geo. IV. c. 01.

Noactioatobi

commenced for any Penalty wi-til after om

given to the defendant and Bishop of diocese.

Plaintiff not to recover without proof made that such notices were given.

No Evidence to begnrenbutsueh as la contained in the notices* Spiritual person may by lease nay into Courts before Issue joined, such sum as he shall think fit.

The Court in which any action shall be depending may require the Diocesan to certify the reputed annual value of Benefices, See.

different periods less then a month, and in every such case thirty day* shall be deemed a month.

XXXIX. And whereas, notwithstanding the regulations contained in this Act, spiritual persons may, through inadvertence, and in many cases from unavoidable circumstances and causes, become subject to penalties and forfeitures, and vexatious prosecutions, unless provision is made for the prevention thereof; be it therefore enacted. That from and after the passing of this Act no writ shall be sued out against, nor any copy of any process at the suit of any informer be served upon any spiritual person, for any penalty or forfeiture incurred under any of the provisions of this Act, until a notice in writing of such intended writ or prooess shall have been delivered to him, or left at the usual or last place of his abode, and also to the Bishop of the diocese, by leaving the same at the registry of his diocese, by the attorney or agent for the party who intends to sue or cause the same to be sued out or served, one calendar month at the least before the suing out or serving the same; in which notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained the cause of aetion which such party hath or clauneth to have, and the penalty or penalties for which such person intends to sue, and on the back of which notices respectively shall be endorsed the name of such attorney or agent, together with the place of his abodeand no such notice shall be givenbefore the first day of April in the year next after any such penalty or penalties shall have been incurred.

XL* And be it further enacted, That no plaintiff shall recover anj verdict against any spiritual person for any penalty or forfeiture under the provisions of this Act, unless it is proved upon the trial of such action that such notices were respectively given as aforesaid, but in default thereof such spiritual person shall recover a verdict with double costs.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That no evidence shall be permitted to be given by the plaintiff on the trial of any such action as aforesaid of any cause of action, except such as is contained in the notices hereby directed to be given.

XLU. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any spiritual person against whom any action shall be brought for any penalty or forfeiture under the provisions of this Act, by leave of the court in which such actions shall depend, at any time before issue joined, to pay into court such sum of money as he shall see fit, whereupon such proceedings, orders, andjudgments shall be had, made, and given in and by such court, as in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the court in which any action, bill, plaint, or information shall be depending, for the recovery of any penalty or forfeiture for non residence under this Act, may and shall, upon application made for that purpose, require by rule or order of the said court, or any judge thereof, the Bishop of the diocese within the limits of which the benefice shall be locally situate, or to whom the same shall be subject, according to the provisions of this Act, for or by reason of non-residence in at or upon which the penalties and forfeitures shall be sought to be recovered by such action bill or information, to certify in writing under bis hand to the said court, and also to the party for that purpose named in the said rule or order, the reputed annual value of such benefice; and upon such rule or order being left with such Bishop, or the Registrar of such Bishop, such Bishop snail accordingly certify such reputed annual value; and such certificate shall in all subsequent proceedings upon such action, bill, plaint, or information, lie received and taken as evidence^of the annual value of such benefice for the purposes of this Act, without prejudice nevertheless to the admissibility or effect of any such other evidence as may be offered or given respecting the actual value thereof.

Licenses may XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any be pleaded in spiritual person to whom any licence for non-residence shall have been bar of action} sod in case of nonsuit, dec. the defendant shall have double costs.

Clan IIJ Statute* relating to the Clergy *

granted^ and against whom any action shall be brought for any penalty or forfeiture by reason of any non-residence, or any matter or thing relating whereto any such licence under this Act has been granted, to plead 6Uoh licence in bar of any such action; and if the plaintiff in such suit or action shall discontinue any such suit or action alter any plea of licence shall have been pleaded thereto under this Act, then and in such case the defendant in such suit or action shall have full costs of suit; and if in any such suitor action a verdict shall be given for the defendant, or the plaintiff shall become nonsuit, the defendant shall have double oosta, and have the like remedy for the same as any defendant hath in other cases to recover costs by law; and it shall be lawful for the court, or any judge of the court in which any suit or action shall be commenced, upon any application made in th*t behalf, to order and direct, if such court or judge shall deem it expedient so to do, that the plaintiff in any such suit or action shall give security for the payment of such costs, and that all proceedings in any such suit or action shall be staid until such security shall be given, as to the court or judge to whom any such &p* plication shall be made shall seem fit.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at the time of filing any monition requiring any spiritual person to reside on his benefice, or to recover the penalties incurred by past non •residence, no notice of any action for any such penalty or forfeiture shall have been ‘ven in manner aforesaid, then and in such cast no such action,

ISOfcfe

No. L.

5 Geo. IV. c 01.

suit, bill, plaint, or information shall be afterwards brought for any .penalty or forfeiture incurred by reason of any non-residence of such spiritual person before the issuing of such monition, and during any proceedings that may be had under such monition; and if any euon action or suit shall be so commenced, the defendant tharein may plead in bar thereof that such a monition as aforesaid has issued in respect of Ilia same benefice, and such defendant, unless upon application to the court tha same shrill be dispensed with, stud), upon pleading such matter, file or caused to be filed an affidavit in the said court, thereby stating the period specified in such monition, and that, according to the belisf of the defendant, the Bishop who has issued or caused such monition to be issued is proceeding upon the said monition, to the intent to make the same effectual to all intents and purposes of this Act, otherwise such plea shall not be good or available in the law.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That no penalty or costs incurred by any spiritual person by reason of any non-residence on his benefice shall be levied by execution against the body of any such person whilst he shall hold the same or any other benefice out of the profits of which the tame can be levied by sequestration within the term of three years j and in case the body of any such spiritual person shall be taken in execution for the same, the court in which (he same was recovered, or any

a thereof, may and shall, upon application made for that purpose, rge the party from such execution, in case it shall be made to appear to the satisfaction of such court or judge that such penalty and ousts can be levied as aforesaid.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any spiritual person holding any henefioe, who does not or shall not actually reside thereon nine months in each year (unless such person shall do the duly of the same, having a level exemption from residence, or a licence to reside out of the parsonage house or vicarage house, or other usual house or residence belonging to the same), shall, for a period exceeding three months, absent himself from hia benefice without leuving a Curate duly licensed, or other spiritual person, to perform and who shall duly perform the eodcsiastiral duties of such benefice, or shall lor a jicriod of three months after the death, resignation, or removal of any Cur.ite who has served his church or chapel, neglect to notify such (tenth, resignation, or removal to the Bishop of the diocese, or to nominate to the Bishop of the diocese a proper Curate, then and in every such case, and in every cane in which ne Curate shall be nominated to the Bishop for the purpose of being licensed by him within such period as aforesaid, the Bishop is

If at the time of filing any monition no action shall ham been commenced, none shall be afterwards brought, Ac. c.

No penalty to be levied against the person where it can be recover* ed by sequestration within three yean.

Non-resident incumbent a neglecting to appoint

Curates, Bislop to appoint.

150 ll No. L.

5 Geo. IV. c. 91.

licence to specify whether Curate is to reside in the Pariah or not.

Curate to rende on all Benefices above 300/. a year, &c.except under special circumstances.

If Duty be inadequately performed, the Bishop may appoint Curate.

Appeal to Archbishop.

Statutes relating to the Clergy* [Part L.

hereby authorized to appoint and license a proper Curate, with such salary as by this Act is allowed and directed, to serve the church or chapel of the parish or place in respect of which such neglect or default shall have occurred: Provided always that the licence shall in every case specify whether the Curate is required to reside within the parish or place or not, and if the Curate is permitted by the Bishop granting the licence to reside out of the parish or place, the grounds upon which the Curate is so permitted to reside out of the parish or place shall be specified in the said licence; and the distance of the residence of any Curate from any church or chapel which he shall be licensed to serve shall not exceed five statute miles, except in cases of necessity, to be approved by the Bishop and specified in the licences.

* XL VIII. And be it further enacted, That in every case where a Curate is appointed to serve a benefice upon which the Incumbent is non-resident for more than three months in the year, from exemption licence or otherwise, such Curate shall be required by the Bishop to reside within the parish, provided the gross value of such benefice amounts to three hundred pounds a-year or upwards, and the population amounts to three hundred persons of upwards, or provided the population amounts to one thousand persons or upwards, whatever may be the value of such benefice:Provided always, that whenever it shall be made out to the satisfaction of such Bishop, that from special and peculiar circumstances great inconvenience would arise from such Curate being compelled to reside within the parish, it shall be lawful for the Bishop to allow such Curate to reside in some near and convenient place: Provided also, that the licence to be granted to such Curate shall specify the special circumstances which have induced the Bishop to allow such residence out of the parish, and shall be entered ana filed in the registry of the diocese.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear to the satisfaction of any Bishop, either of his own knowledge or upon proof by affidavit laid before him, that by reason of the number of churches or chapels belonging to any benefice locally situate within his diocese, or the distance of such churches or chapels from each other, or the distance of the residence of the spiritual person serving the same from such churches or chapels, or any or either of them, or the negligence, or mental or bodily infirmity of the spiritual person holding the same, that the ecclesiastical duties of such benefice are inadequately performed, or where it shall appear to such Bishop as aforesaid, that the residence of such spiritual person is at t6o great a distance from any parish united to the one in which he resides to admit of his performing all the ecclesiastical duties, such Bishop may, by writing under his hand, require the spiritual person holding such benence to nominate to him a fit person or persons, with sufficient stipend or stipends, to be licensed by him to perform or to assist in performing such duties, specifying therein the grounds of such proceeding; and if such spiritual person shall neglect or omit to make such nomination for the space of three months after such requisition so made as aforesaid, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for such Bishop to appointa Curate or Curates, as the case shall appear to such Bishop to require, with such stipend or stipends as such Bishop shall think fit to appoint, not exceeding in any case fn the whole the stipends allowed to Curates by this . Act, nor, except in the case of negligence, exceeding one half of the gross annual value of the benefice, although the spiritual person to whom such churches or chapels shall belong shall actually reside or serve the same: Provided always, that such requisition, and any affidavit made to found the same, shall be forthwith filed by the Bishop in the registry of his court: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for any such spiritual person who shall think himself aggrieved by any such appointment of such Curate or Curates, to appeal to the Archbishop of the province to which such Bishop shall belong, in such and the like manner, and under such provisions and directjpns as are allowed to any spiritual person thinking himself aggrieved by any sequestration issued by any Bishop.

150 m to No. L.

Geo. IV. c. 91.

Bishops may enforce per.

particulars cessaiY to be given by persons applying for a licence for a Curate.

Bishops shall appoint salaries to Curates.

Licences to ex-the

Class II.] Statute* relating to the Clergy.

L. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the Bishop of the diocese shall deem it proper to enforce the performance of morning and evening service on Sundays, or any other service required by law in any parish church or parochial chapel, or the chapel of any extrar parochial place; it shall be lawful for such Bishop to enforce the same ny monition and sequestration, to be issued in the manner by this Act provided.

formance of Church Service both morning sod evening.

LL And be it further^enacted. That every Bishop to whom any ap- Statement of plication shall be made* for any licence for a Curate to serve for any person not duly residing upon his benefice, shall, before he shall grant such licence, require a statement of all the particulars by this Act required to be stated by any person applying for a licence for non-residence; and it shall not be lawful for any Bishop to grant a licence to any Curate to serve the church Or chapel of any person as aforesaid, upon any such application as aforesaid, until a statement of all such particulars as aforesaid shall have been delivered to him; and such statement shall be kept and filed, and preserved from public inspection, and disclosed only in like manner and in such cases as is before directed as to statements of persons applying for licences for non-residence.

JLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Bishop and he is hereby required, subject to the several provisions and restrictions in this Act contained, to appoint to every Curate such salary as is aljowed and specified in this Act; and every licence to be granted to a stipendiary Curate under this Act shall contain and specify the amount of the salary allowed by the Bishop to the Curate, and such licence, or any copy of the registry thereof, signed by the Registrar of the diocese or his deputy, shall be evidence of the amount of the salary so appointed to any Curate in all courts of law or equity; and in case any difference shall arise between any Rector or Vicar, or person holding any benefice, and his Curate, touching such stipend or allowance, or the payment thereof, or of the arrears thereof, the Bishop, on complaint to him made, may and shall summarily hear and determine the same; and in case of wilful neglect or refusal to pay such stipend salary or allowance, or the arrears thereof, he shall be and is hereby empowered to proceed by monition and sequestration to sequester the profits of the benefice for and until payment of such stipend or allowance, or the arrears thereof: Provided always, * that the Curate obtaining any such licence shall pay to the secretary or officer of the Bishop the sum of one pound, exclusive of any stamp duty which may be chargeable thereon, which said sum of one pound shall be in remuneration of all and every fee or fees now demandable by the said secretary or officer for obtaining such licence, or for the signature of any declaration by the said Curate in consequence of such licence, or of any certificate of such curate having signed such declaration:

And provided also, that from and after the passing of this Act, as often as any person shall be licenced to two or more curacies within the same diocese at one. and the same time, it shall be sufficient for such person to sign one declaration only, appointed to be signed by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of King Charles die Second, intituled An Act for the Uniformity of Public Prayers and Administration of Sacraments, and other Rites and Ceremonies; and for establishing the form of making, ordaining, and consecrating Bishops, Priests, and Deacons in the Church of Ireland; and once to take the oaths of allegiance and abjuration; and also that it shall be sufficient for such person to produce one certificate only of his having so signed such declaration and taken such oaths before the Bishop of the diocese.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Bishr>p to appoint for the Curate any stipend or allowance not exceeding seventy-five pounds per annum, and also the use of the house of residence, with the gardens and stables belonging thereto, or a further sum of fifteen pounds in lieu of the use of the rectory or vicarage house, or other houses

On obtaining tuck Licence a Fee of 1/. to the Bishop’s Secretary.

Person appointed to Two or more Curacies to sign One Declaration.

Stipends to Curates of Incumbents before 3d February 1824 not exceed 75J. per Annum, and the use of the Residence &c, except in cases of ner

160 n *

NaL

5 Geo. IV. c. 91.

TbeSsJarfes psyallfo t° Cuntcttobe m iVoporrion to the Value and Population of the Benefices.

Where the Benefice exceeds 400/. an Allowance may be made to Curate of 100/. per Annum, Are.

Statute* relating to the Clergy* [Part f.

of residence in cnee there shall be no house, or it shall not appear to the Bishop convenient to allot or assign the house to the Curate, in respeet of any benefice to which the spiritual person holding the same was instituted or appointed before the third day of February one thousand eight hundred and twenty-four; but it shall not be lawful for the Bishop to assign any greater stipend or allowance than aforesaid, in respeet or any such benefice, during the incumbency of any such spiritual person as aforesaid, unless with the consent of the spiritual person holding the benefice, or in case of neglect to appoint or to nominate to the Bishop a proper Curate.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which any spiritual person shall have been, after the third day of February ooe thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, or shall at any time after the passing of this Act be instituted or inducted, or nominated or appointed to, or otherwise become Incumbent or possessed of any benefice, and shall not duly reside thereon, unless such person shall do thee duty of the same, having a legal exemption from resilience, or a licence to reside out of the same, or to reside out of the parsonage or vioarsge or other usual house of residence belonging to the same, the Bishop snail appoint for the Curate licenced to serve such benefice of such non-resident Incumbent, or person as aforesaid in his absence, such salary as is hereinafter next mentioned; (that is to say) such salary shall in no oase be lean than eighty pounds par annum, or than the annual value of the benefice, if the gross value thereof shall not amount to eighty pounds per ammm # and such salary shall not he lets than one hundred pounds per mm, or than the whole value as aforesaid, if the said value shall not amount to one hundred pounds per annum, in any parish or place where the population, according to the returns then last made in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament, shall amount to or exceed three hundred persona \ and such salary shall not be less than one hundred and twenty pounds per annum, or the whole value as aforesaid, if the said value shall not amount to one hundred and twenty pounds per annum, in any parish or place where the population shall appear as aforesaid to amount to or exceed five hundred persons; and such salary shall not be lest then one hundred and fifty pounds per annum, or than the whole value as aforesaid, if the said value shall not amount to one hundred pounds per annum, in any parish or place where the population shall appear at aforesaid to amount to or exceed one thousand persons: Provided always, that the annual value of all benefices, of which the value estimated as is herein provided does not amount to one hundred and fifty pounds per annum* shall tie estimated from the returns made by the Bishops of the several dioceses to the Trustees and Commissioners of the first-fruits in lnUmif or from any future returns which may be made by the said Bishops to the said Trustees end Commissioners respecting parishes or places omitted in the said returns, or respecting parishes or places in the aotual income of which it shall be made appear to the Bishops, that any considerable variation has taken place, either by augmentation made by the said Trustees and Commissioners, or otherwise; and that the annual value of all benefices, of which the value estimated as is herein provided dees amount to one hundred pounds or upwards, shall be estimated by the Bishops of the several dioceses, in such manner as shall be satisfactory to them.

LV. And be it further enacted, That in any parish or place, where it shall appear to the satisfaction of the Bishop, that the actual income of the benefice, clear of all deductions, exceeds the sum of four hundred pounds per annum, it shall be lawful lor the Bishop to assign to the Curate of such parish or place, being resident within the same, and serving no other cure, a salary or allowance of one hundred pounds per annum, notwithstanding the population of such parish or place may not appear as aforesaid to amount to three hundred persons; and that in any |Uriah or place where the actual annual income shall appear to exceed four hundred pounds as aforesaid, and where the population shall also appear as aforesaid to amount to or esoeed five hundred persons, it shall be lawful for the

SmallerSalariea to be allowed to Curates in certain cases.

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy.

Bishop to assign to the Curate of suob parish or place, being resident within the same, and serving no other cure, any larger or further ettpeod or allowance, or to appoint an additional Curate, so that the stipends or allowances to such Curate or Curates shall not exceed by more than fifty pounds per annum the amount of the stipend or allowance hereinbefore respectively required to be assigned to any such Curate.

tVI. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which it shall be made out to the satisfaction of the Bishop of any diocese, that any spiritual person holding any benefice is or has become non-resident, of incapable, from age, sickness, or other unavoidable cause, of performing the duties thereof; and that from these or from any other special ana peculiar circumstances of the case, great hardship or Inconvenience would arise, if the full amount of salary specified in this Act should be allowed to the Curate, then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Bishop to assign to the Curate any such salary less than the said full amount in this Act specified, as shall tinder all the circumstances appear to him just aod reasonable: Provided always, that in the licence granted in every such ease, it shall be stated, that for special reasons the Bishop hath not thought proper to assign to the Curate the full amount of salary allowed or required to be assigned by this Act: Provided also, that such special reasons shall be entered fully and at large in a separate book to be kept for that purpose, and to be deposited in the registry of the diocese, which book shall not be open to inspection, unless with the leave of the Bishop, or by other proper authority, as in the oases of application for licences for non-residence.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Incumbent of two or more benefices, residing bov6 fidt in different proportions of each and every year, on some or one other of such benefices, the full period sped* fied by this Act, shall employ a Curate to perform ecclesiastical duty interchangeably from time to time upon such of the benefices from which he shall be absent during his own actual residence upon any other thereof* then and in such case it shall be lawful for the Bishop to assign to any such Cuhrte any salary not exceeding such salary as would be allowed under this Act tor the largest of such benefices, nor less than would be allowed for the smallest, as to the Bishop shall under all the cirounistances appear just aod reasonable i Provided always, that if any such Incumbent shall employ a Curate or Curates for the whole year upon each or any ot such benefices, such Incumbent so residing bond fide, as aforesaid, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the Bishop to assign to either or each of such Curates any such salary, less than the amount specified in this Act, as he shall think fit.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no spiritual person shall serve more than two churches in one day, or two chapels, or one church and one chapel in one day, unless from the local situation of the churches or chapels, or from the value of the benefices to which they belong, or other special causes, it may in the judgment of the Bishop be expedient or necessary for the performance of ecclesiastical duties in such places, to grant licence to any spiritual person to serve three churches or chapels, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the Bishop to grant such licence to any spiritual person to serve three churches or chapels, not being distant from eaeh other more four measured miles: Provided always, that in every such case the reasons for granting such licence shall be stated by the Bishop in the licence granted for serving the third of such churches or chapels held by such spiritual persons, and such licence shall not be valid or effectual unless the reasons for granting the same'are inserted therein as aforesaid: Pro* vided always, that the residence of such Curate or spiritual person shall be so placed as that it shall not be necessary for him to travel more than sixteen measured miles in one day for the performance of the duties of such churches or chapels.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That in every such case where any How the Salt-Bishop shall find it necessary or expedient, for the obtaining any proper rie« shall bead-justed where the Curate Is permitted to serve ia an adjoining Parish.

Salary of Curate engaged to serve interchangeably at different placet belonging to the same Incumbent.

Spiritual Pet *

more than Two

Churches in one Day, except in certain cases, and with special Licence for that purpose froratheBuhop.

150 pp

Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part 1.

Agrucmanu for Salaries to Cerates coo-, tiaiy to this Act, void.

Curatevs Salary, if of the value of the Benefice, shall be liable to certain charges.

performance of ecclesiastical duties, to licence any person holding airy benefice to serve as Curate of any adjoining or other parish or place, it shall be lawful for such Bishop to appoint, for such spiritual person so licenced, a salary less by a sum not exceeding thirty pounds per annum than the salary which in the several cases in this Act specified the Bishop is required to assign and appoint; and in every case where the Bishop shall find it necessary or expedient as aforesaid to licence one and the same person to serve as Curate for more than one parish or place, it shall be lawful for such Bishop to direct that, *during such time as such Curate shall serve such churches or chapels, the salary to be received by him for serving each of the said churches or chapels shall be less by a sum not exceeding thirty pounds per annum than the salary which, in the several cases herein-before mentioned, the Bishop is required by this Act to assign and appoint

XX. And be it further enacted, That all agreements and contracts made or to be made between persons bolding benefices and their Curates, in fraud or derogation of the provisions of this Act, and all agreements and contracts whereby any Curate shall undertake or in any manner bind himself to accept, or be content with any stipend or salary less than that which shall be stated to be allowed in any licence of such Curate^ shall be void to all intents and purposes in the law whatsoever, and shall not be set up pleaded or given in evidence in any court of law or equity, and notwithstanding the payment and acceptance in pursuance of any such contract or agreement, of any sum less than the sum specified in the licence of such Curate, or any receipt discharge or acquittance that may be riven in cases of such payment and acceptance, the Curate or has personal representatives shall be and remain entitled to the full amount of what shall remain unpaid of the stipend salary or allowance specified in his licence; and the payment of what shall so remain unpaid, shall, together with treble costs of recovering the same, be enforced by monition on proof of what shall so remain unpaid to the satisfaction of the Bishop, ana by sequestration of profits of the benefice, to be issued by the Bishop for that purpose; provided that the application of the Curate" shall in every such case be made to the Bishop within twelve months after he shall have quitted his curacy, or by the representative of any Curate within twelve months after his death; and provided also, that no sequestration shall, by virtue of this Act, affect the profits of any benefice beyond the time during which the benefice shall be held by the person liable to make the payment in respect of which such profits shall be sequestrated.

LXI. And be it further enacted. That# in every case in which any Bishop shall appoint for any Curate a salary equal to the whole annual value of such benefice, such salary shall be subject to deduction in respect of all such charges and outgoings as may legally affect the value of such benefice, and to any loss or diminution which may lessen such value, without the wilful default or neglect of the spiritual person holding the benefice.

The Bishop to LXII. And be it further enacted, that it shall be lawful for the Bishop allow the Kec- upon the application of any Rector Vicar or spiritual person holding any tor, Ac. c. to de- benefice, the whole profit or income of which shall have been allotted to duct from the Curate, to allow such Rector Vicar or spiritual person to deduct and Curate’s SaUry, retain therefrom, in any or each year, so much money, not exceeding in for Repairs to a any case one-fourth part of such profits or income, or of the salary as-limited amount, signed to the Curate, as shall have been actually laid out and expended " certain cases, during the year in the repair of the chancel, parsonage, vicarage, or other house of residence, and premises and appurtenances thereto belonging, in respect of which such Rector Vicar or person as aforesaid, or his executors administrators or assigns would be liable for dilapidations to the successors; and it shall also be lawful for the Bishop in like manner to allow any Rector Vicar or spiritual person aforesaid, having nr holding any benefice, the profits or income of which shall not exceed one hundred and fifty pounds per annum, to deduct and retain from the salary allotted to the Curate, in each or any year, so much riioneyjai .shall have been actually laid out and expended in al^ibh fepans1 as aforesaid.

Class II.J Statutes relating to the Clergy. 150 q q

over and above the amount of the surplus remaining of such profits or income, after payment of the salary allotted to the Curate, so that the sum so deducted, after laying out such surplus, shall not in any year exceed one-fourth part of the salary allotted to the Curate.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Bishop who shall grant any licence to the Curate to serve any church or chapel where the Rector or Vicar or person holding any benefice is not resident for four months in each year, to allot, if he shall think fit, for the residence of such Curate, the parsonage or vicarage house, or usual house of residence of the person holding the benefice, with the offices, stables, cardens, and appurtenances thereto belonging, if there shall be any such house of residence belonging thereto, or any part or parts thereof, together with any portion of the glebe land of such benefice, not exceeding ten acres in the whole, during the time of such Curate*s serving the cure, or during the non-residence of such Rector or Vicar, or spiritual person; and it shall be lawful for the Bishop assigning any such house or residence to any Curate, to sequester the profits of the benefice to which the house shall belong, in any case in which possession shall not be given up to the Curate, and until such possession shall be given, and to apply or direct the application of the profits arising from such sequestration, or to remit the same or any part thereof, as the Bishop shall in his discretion think fit.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That in every case where the Bishop shall appoint, for the Curate licenced to serve any benefice, a salary not less than the whole gross annual value of the same, and shall, in addition to such salary, direct that such Curate shall reside in the parsonage or vicarage house, or usual house of residence of the spiritual person holding such benefice, such Curate shall be liable during his serving such cure to the same taxes and parochial rates and assessments in respect of such house and the appendages thereof of which he may be so in occupation, and for the repairs of such house, and for any payments to the Commissioners and Trustees of the first-fruits of any sums payable out of or in respect of such benefice, as if he had been instituted or inducted, or nominated or appointed to the said benefice.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Bishop at any time, upon three months’ notice in writing, to direct any such Curate to deliver up any such parsonage or vicarge house or usual house of residence, and the offices, stables, gardens, and appurtenances thereto belonging, and such Curate shall thereupon peaceably deliver up the possession of the said premises, pursuant to such notice; and in case any such Curate shall refuse to deliver up such premises, he shall forfeit and pay to the Rector or Vicar, or spiritual person holding the benefice, the sum of forty shillings for every day of such wrongful possession, to be recovered by such Rector or Vicar or spiritual person by action of debt in any court of record at Dublin, as any penalties may be recovered for nonresidence under this Act.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Rector or Vicar or other person holding any benefice, in any case in which the parsonage or vicarage or usual house of residence shall have been assigned to the Curate as a residence, to dispossess such Curate or take possession thereof, until the permission of the Bishop shall have been given in writing for that purpose, and three months’ notice of such his intention to the Curate, who shall thereupon quit the same according to such notice; and every Curate who shall reside in the house of residence of any benefice which shall become vacant, shall quit such house of residence within three months after the institution or appointment of any spiritual person thereto, upon being required so to do by the spiritual person instituted or appointed, and having one month’s previous notice at the least given him to quit such house of residence.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Curate shall quit any benefice to which he shall be licensed, until after three months’ notice of his intention to quit given to the person holding such benefice, and to the Bishop of the diocese, unless with the consent of the .Bishop of the diocese, upon pain of forfeiting to the spiritual person holding the

to the Incumbent and Bishop, under a

No. L.

5 Geo. IV. c. 91.

Curates maj be directed to reside in Parsonage House, in case of Nonresidence of Incumbents,

Curates to pay Taxes of Parsonage Houses in certain cases.

Bishop may direct the . Curate to give up possession of Paimage,

Rector Ax. shall not dispossess Curate of House without Order of the Bishop, and Three Month’s notice to Curate: Curate to quit in Ono Month after Institution to s vacant Benefice, Ac,

Curate not to quit Curacy assigned him without Three Months’Notice certain Penalty,

A

BUmpmiyLI-MM* Curates eapbyid with* outftaaNittktn, rtwbny Limove Curate, subject to Appeal to the Archbishop.

to

Curates, and Rerocatioos of such Licences, to be entered in the Registry of the Diocese.

Fee for Inspection, 3s.

Copy of Licences and Revocation to be transmitted to Churchwardens.

i Fee 10s.

Clauses relating to Bishops to apply to Archbishops in their Dioceses.

Definition of the term Benefice.

Power of Arch* bishops and Bishops m to Bensfioes Exempt or Feeu. liar, locally situate within their Provinces;

and also as to such Benefices situate iu more than ooe ProStaMei relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

benefice, a sum not exceeding the amount of hit stipend for six months, at the discretion of the Bishop, which sum may in such case be retained out of the stipend, if the same or any part thereof shall remain unpaid, or if the same cannot be retained out or the stipend, may be recovered by the spiritual person holding the benefice, as any penalty or forfeiture under this Act may be recovered.

LXVIII, And be it futher enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Bishop of the diocese to licence any Curate who u or shall be actually employed by the Rector Vicar or other Incumbent of any church or chapel, although no express nomination of such Curate shall have been made to such Bishop by the said Rector Vicar or other Incumbent; and that the Bishop shall have power to revoke summarily and without process any licence granted to any Curate employed in his diocese, or subject to his jurisdiction by virtue of this Act, and to remove such Curate Tor any cause which shall appear to such Bishop to be good and reason* able, subject nevertheless to an appeal to the Archbishop of the province, and to be determined in a summary manner.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Bishop who shall grant or revoke any licence to any Curate under this Act, shall and he is hereby required to cause a copy of such licence or revocation to be entered in the registry of the diocese within which the benefice in respect whereof any such licence shall be granted or revocation made shall be locally situate; ami an alphabetic!? list of such lioences and revocations shall be made out by the Registrar of each diocese, and entered in a book, and kept for the inspection of all persons, upon payment of the sum of three shillings and no more; and a copy of every such licence and revocation, with respect to any benefice, shall be transmitted by the said Registrar to the churchwardens or chapelwardens of the parish township or place to which the same relates, within one month after the grant of such licence or revocation thereof, to be by them deposited in the parish chest; and every Registrar who shall refuse or neglect or omit to make any such entry, or to transmit any such copy, shall forfeit for evyry such offence or neglect the sum of five pound *, to be recovered as any penalty or for* feiturc may be recovered under this Act: Provided always, that every sue!) Registrar shall, for every such copy transmitted to such churchwardens or chapelwardens as aforesaid, be entitled to demand and have from such churchwardens or chapelwardens a fee of ten shillings, and no more, and such fee shall be allowed in the accounts of such churchwardens or chapelwardens.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That all the powers, authorities, provisions, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, clauses; matters, and things in this Act contained, in relation to Bishops in their dioceses, shall extend and bo construed to extend to the Archbishops in the respective dioceses of which they are Bishops, and also in their own peculiar jurisdictions as fully and effectually as if the Archbishops were named with the Bishops in every such caseLXXI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases wherein the term benefice is used in this Act, the said term shall be understood and taken to mean benefices with cure, and no others, and to comprehend therein, for the purposes of this Aer, all donatives perpetual and impropriate curacies ana parochial chapelries.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Archbishop and Bishop within the limits of whose province or xliocese respectively any benefice respectively exempt or peculiar shall lie locally situate, shall have use and exercise all the powers and authorities necessary for the due execution by them respectively, of the provisions and purposes of this Act, and for enforcing the same with regard thereto respectively, as such Archbishop and Bishop respectively would have used and exercised if the same were not exempt or peculiar, but were subject in all respects to the jurisdiction of such Archbishop or Bishop; and where any benefice exempt or peculiar shall be locally situate within the limits of more than one province or diocese, or where the same or any of them shall be locally situate between the limits of the two provinces, or between the limits of any

viace, or between the limits of two.

Peculiars shall be subject to the Archbishop or Blfhoptowfion they belong.

In every case in which Jurisdiction is given to Bishop* Ac. c.* all concurrent Jurisdiction to

Monitions snd Sequestrations.

Class II.] Statute* relating to the Clergy.

two or more such dioceses* the Archbishop or Bishop of the cathedral church to whose province or diocese the parish church of the same respectively shall be nearest in local situation* shall have use and exercise all the powers and authorities which are necessary for the due execution of the provisions of this Act, and enforcing the same with regard thereto respectively* as such Archbishop or Bishop could have used if the Mime were not exempt or peculiar* but were subject in syll respects to the jurisdiction of such Archbishop or Bishop respectively; and the same* tor all the purposes of this Act* shall be deemed and taken to be within the limits of the province or diocese of such Archbishop or Bishop; provided that the peculiars belonging to any Archbishoprick or Bishoprick* though locally situate in another diocese, shall continue subject to the Archbishop or Bishop to whom they belong, as well for the purposes of this Act as for all other purposes of ecclesiastical jurisdiction.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which jurisdiction is given to the Bishop of the diocese, or to any Archbishop, under the Provisions of this Act* and for the purposes thereof, and the enforcing the due execution of the provisions thereof* all other and concurrent jurisdiction in respect thereof shall wholly cease, and no other jurisdiction in relation to the provisions of this Act shall be used exercised or enforced save or except such jurisdiction of the Bishop and Archbishop under this Act; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament* or law or laws* or usage or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted* That in all cases where proceedings under this Act are directed by monition and sequestration such monition shall issue under the hand and seal of the Bishop, and being duly served shall be returned, with a certificate of service, into the registry of the Consistoria! Court of such Bishop; and thereupon it shall he competent for the party monished to show cause, by affidavit or otherwise, as the case may require, against the sequestration issuing; and unless sufficient cause be snown to the contrary, the sequestration shall issue under the seal of the said Bishop, and in such form as is commonly used on that behalf.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Bishop of any diocese, in which any spiritual person shall hold any dignity or benefice, or shall sene as stipendiary Curate, to recover any penalty incurred tinder lids Act in a summary way, by monition and sequestration* tn be issued in the manner by (his Act directed, with the like powers and authorities, and subject to the like restrictions in respect to the remission and repayment of such* penalty as are by this Act particularly provided in respect to penalties for non-residence: Provided always, that no spiritual person against whom any such proceeding shall have been had by any Bispop for the recovery of any penalty, shall thereafter be subject to any action at law by any informer or other person, for the recovery of any penalty for the same offence, in respect of which such proceeding shall have been so had by the Bishop as provided.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That any fees, charges, costs, or expences incurred or directed to be paid by any spiritual person under the provisions of this Act, which shall remain unpaid for the period of twenty-one days, after demand thereof in writing, delivered to or left at the usual or last place of abode of the spiritual person liable to the payment thereof, may be recovered by monition and sequestration* to be issued in the manner directed by this Act.

LXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of Act not to in the provisions of this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to ren- vilidau Li-der void or invalid, before the thirty-first day of December next alter the c«oce« before passing of this Act, any licence or exemption which would have been otherwise valid and effectual, nor to require any licence to be taken before the said thirty-first day of December, which would not have been required by law before the passing of this Act.

LXXVIll. And be it further enacted, That no commission issued by any Bishop to any Commissary or Commissaries appointed to administer

Oaths not to be subject to sump duty.

Penalties to be recovered by Monition and Sequestration.

Recovery of Fees, fte.

31st December 1K24* nor to require any licence before that time. Commission to

Act not to affect His Majesty’s Prerogative in

granting Dispensations.

Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

the oaths required to be taken by any Curate for the purpose of any licence or licences granted under the provisions of this Act sWl be subject to any stamp duty, any thine contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to die contrary notwithstanding.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter or affect His Majesty’s royal prerogative in the granting of dispensations for non-residence upon benefices, as the same now exists by law.

Pusonage without Core of Souls ootdeem-od a Benefice. No Archbishop or Bishop shall be liable to the Penaltiea for Non-residence.

Not to affect Powers of Bishops;

nor the due Celebration of Divine Service.

Act not to ex-teud beyond Ireland.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That no parsonage that hath a Vicar endowed, or that hath a perpetual Curate, and having no cure of souls, shall be deemed or taken to be a benefice within the intent and meaning of this Act.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Archbishop or Bishop having or who shall have any benefice shall, by reason of non-residence upon the same, be subject or liable to any penalties or forfeitures: Provided always, that any Archbishop or Bishop, who shall hold any benefice in commendam with his Archbishoprick or Bishoprick, shall nominate and appoint a resident Curate, according to the provisions of this Act.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed, construed, or taken to derogate from, diminish, prejudice, alter, or affect, otherwise than is expressly provided, any powers, authorities, rights, or jurisdiction already vested in or belonging to any Archbishop or Bishop, under or by virtue of any statute, patent, canon, usage, or otherwise howsoever.

LXXXIll. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or alter the provisions contained in any Act of Parliament, or any other provision of law/ for the due celebration of divine service in any church or chapel, or for the discharge of any other duty of any Rector or Vicar, or person holding any benefice by himself or his Curate.

LXxXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall extend and be construed to extend and relate only to that part of the united kingdom called Ireland.

[No. LI.] 6 Geo. IV. c. 8.—An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the fifty-fifth year of the reign of His late Majesty, for enabling Spiritual Persons to exchange their Parsonage Houses or Glebe. Lands; and for other purposes therein mentioned. — [23dMarch 1826.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the fifty-fifth year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for enabling 55 G.3, c. 147. Spiritual Persons to exchange the Parsonage or Glebe Houses, or Glebe Lands, belonging to their Benefices, for others oj greater value, or more conveniently situated for their Residence and Occupation; and for annexing such Houses and Lands, to taken in Exchange, to such Benefices or Parsonage or Glebe Houses and Glebe Lands; and for purchasing and annexing Lands to become Glebe in certain cases; and for other purposes: And whereas it is by the said recited Act enacted, that the Bishop shall, in cases of exchange and purchase under the said Act, issue a commission of inquiry, for the purposes therein mentioned, to be directed to such persons as are therein described, and of whom one shall be a barrister of three years* standing at the least, to be named by the senior Judge of Nisi Prius for the county in which the benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry whereto it shall be proposed to annex any buildings or land by exchange or purchase under the said Act shall be situate; but inasmuch as the nomination of such Barrister by a Judge of Nisi Prius is not applicable to the counties palatineof Ijincaster and Durham; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice andcoh^tit ofihe Lords Spiritual

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy. 150 u a

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and No. LI. by the authority of the same, That where any exchange or purchase shall q Geo. IV be made, or proposed to be made, under the authority of the said Act, *

in any benefice perpetual curacy or parochial chapelry, situate within c* _ # the said counties palatine of Lancaster or Durham, such Barrister shall ' v be named by the Chief Justice or senior Judge for the time being of the chief Jut-Court of Common Pleas for the said counties palatine respectively. ticeof the Common Pleat for the County Palatine of Lancaster or Durham to act in Caaea of Exchange under recited Act.

II. And whereas it is expedient that the Incumbents of benefices perpetual curacies and parochial chapelries should be enabled to exchange the glebe lands belonging to their benefices perpetual curacies or parochial chapelries, to a greater amount than thirty statute acres; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the power to exchange glebe lands for others of equal value, which is given to Parsons Vicars and other Incumbents by the above-recited Act passed in the fifty-fifth year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, be extended to any number of statute acres, but subject to all the provisions conditions and restrictions contained in the above-recited Act, and also to those in another Act passed in the fifty-sixth year of His late Majesty's reign, intituled An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling Spiritual Persons to exchange their Parsonage Houses or Glebe Lands, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

III. And whereas, by the said recited Act of the fifty-fifth year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Third; - the powers of exchange thereby given are limited to such houses, outbuildings, yards, gardens, and appurtenances and lands, to be accepted and taken in exchange by the spiritual persons therein named, as are of freehold tenure, or copy-hold of inheritance, or for life or lives, holden of any manor belonging to the benefice in respect of which any such exchange is intended to be made: And whereas it may happen that such exchanges may sometimes be beneficially made where the lands or tenements so to be accepted and taken in exchange are copyhold of inheritance, holden of some manor not belonging to the benefice in respect of which such exchange is intended, and without injury to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of such manor; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Parson Vicar or other Incumbent for the time being of any ecclesiastical benefice, perpetual curacy, or parochial chapelry, to grant and convey, in the manner and byand under the several powers, provisions, conditions, and restrictions contained in the said Act, and in the said Act of the fifty-sixth year of His said Majesty, and in this Act, to any such person or persons, or corporation, as m the said first-mentioned Act are described, and such lands or tenements as are described in the same Act, belonging to his bertefice, in lieu of and in exchange for any lands or tenements of the description mentioned in the said first-mentioned Act, as those which are thereby authorized to be accepted and taken in exchange by any such Parson Vicar or other Incumbent, although such last-mentioned lands or tenements may bc copyhold of inheritance holden of a manor not belonging to such ecclesiastical benefice, perpetual curacy, or parochial chapelry: Provided always, that no such exchange be made without the consent of the Lord of the Manor of which the lands to be taken in exchange are holden: Provided always, that from and immediately after such convey-, ance, the lands or tenements accepted and taken in exchange by any such Parson Vicar or other Incumbent, shall become and be of freehold tenure, and the lands or tenements by him granted and conveyed, and which before such conveyance belonged to his benefice perpetual cliracy or parochial chapelry, shall become copyhold of the same manor, and subject to the same rents, fines, services, customs, and manorial rights and properties, to all intents and purposes, as the lands or tenements so to be accepted and taken in exchange were subject to before the making

Vol.I. O *

Power to exchange Glebe Lands for othera extended to any number of Acres, subject to the Restrictions contained in 55 G. 3. c. 147, and 56 G. 3. c. 52.

Exchanges may be made for Lands or Tenements that are Copyhold, and not held df a Manor belonging to the Bene fice, &c.

Consent of the Lord of the, Manor.

Lands or Tenements so taken by Incumbent to become Free hold, and the Premises granted by him to become Copy-hold.

150 *

No. LII.

7&8 Geo. IV.

c. 25.

Three Months* Notice sufficient lor the pur-po»" ot Exchange.

31 Elix. c. 6.

Statute*relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

of such exchange: Provided always, that from and after the passing of this Act, three calendar months* notice shall be sufficient for the purpose of any exchange or purchase, instead of six calendar months, as by the said Act of the fifty-fifth year of the reign of His said late Majesty is required.

[No. LII.] 7 & 8 Geo. IV. c. 25.—An Act for the Relief of certain Spiritual Persons, and Patrons of Ecclesiastical Preferments, from certain Penalties; and rendering valid certain Bonds, Covenants, or other Assurances for the Resignation of Ecclesiastical Preferments. — [14th June 1827.]

TtWHEREAS by an Act made and passed in the thirty-first year of the T reign of her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act against Abu set in Elections of Scholars and Presentations to Benefices, it is enacted in the words or to toe effect following; to wit, " For the avoiding of Simony and Corruption in Presentations, Collations, and Donations ofand to Benefices, Dignities, Prebends, and other Livings and Promotions Ecclesiastical, and in Admissions, Institutions, and Inductions to the same, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any person or persons, bodies politic and corporate, shall or do at any time after the end of forty days next after the end of this session of Parliament, for any sum of money, reward, gift, profit, or ttenefit, directly or indirectly, or for or by reason of any promise, agreement, grant, bond, covenant, or other assurance, of or for any sum of money, reward, gift, profit, or benefit whatsoever, directly or indirectly present or collate any person to any benefice with cure of souls, dignity, prebend, or living ecclesiastical, or give or bestow the same for or in respect of any such corrupt cause or consideration, that then every such presentation, collation, gift, and bestowing, and every admission, institution, investiture, and induction thereupon, snail be utterly void frustrate and of none effect in law; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Queenfs Majesty, her heirs and successors, to present, collate unto, or give or bestow every such benefice, dignity, prebend, and living ecclesiastical, for that one time or turn only; and that all and every person or persons, bodies politic and corporate, that from thenceforth snail give or take any such sutn of money, reward, gift, or benefit, directly or indirectly, or that shall take or make any such promise, grant, bond, covenant, or other assurance, shall forfeit and lose the double value of one year's profit of every such benefice, dignity, prebend, and living ecclesiastical; and the person so corruptly taking, procuring, seeking, or accepting any such benefice, dignity, prebend, or living, shall thereupon and from thenceforth be adjudged a disabled person in law to have or enjoy the same benefice, dignity, prebend, or living ecclesiastical:" And whereas since the passing of tnc said Act many spiritual persons, or others, before or after the presentation or collation, or appointment by donation, of spiritual persons to spiritual offices, being benefices with cure of souls, dignities, prebends, or livings ecclesiastical, have made given or entered into certain engagements by promise, agreement, grant, bond, covenant, or other assurance, to or with the Patron or Patrons of such spiritual offices, or to or with some other person or persons for the resignation of such spiritual offices, to the intent or purpose that some person specially named or described in such engagements or one of two persons so specially named or described, should be presented collated or nominated to such spiritual offices respectively, or that the same should be given or bestowed to or upon him or for the resignation thereof upon notice or request, or otherwise, when a person, or one of two persons, so specially named or described, should become qualified by age or otherwise to accept and take the same: And whereas it has lately been adjudged and determined at law that such engagements as aforesaid come within the intent and meaning of the said recited Act:

Chlfl 11.] Statutes relating to the Clergy.

And wbaraas the spiritual persons and Patrons, and other persons, who have been parties to such engagements, will suffer great hardship and detriment tiniest they be relieved from the pains, penalties, forfeitures, Joes, or disabilities to which they have erroneously, but without having wilfully acted in contravention of the said recited Act, rendered themselves liable by reason of having given or entered into, or accepted or taken, such engagements: For remedy thereof be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no preseniation, collation, gift, or bestowing of any such spiritual office to or upon any spiritual person, before the ninth day of April in the present year of our lord one thousand eight hundred and twenty-seven, nor any admission, Institution, investiture, or induction thereupon, shall be void, frustrate, or of no effect in law, for or by reason of any such engagement made given or entered into by such spiritual person, or any other person or persons, to or with the patron or patrons of such spiritual office, or to or with any other person or persons, for the resignation of the same, to the intent or purpose manifested by the terms of such engagement, that some person specially named or described therein, or one of two persons so specially named or described, should be presented collated or nominated to such spiritual office, or that the same should be given or bestowed to or upon him, or for the resignation thereof upon notice or request, or otherwise, when a person, or one of two persons, so specially named or described, should become qualified, by age or otherwise, to accept and take the same; and that it shall not be lawful for the King’s most excellent Majesty, bis heirs or successors, for or by reason of such engagement as aforesaid, to present or collate unto, or give or bestow such apiritual office; and that such spiritual person, and patron or patrons, or other person or persons respectively, shall not be liable to apy pains, penalty, forfeiture, loss, or disability% nor to any prosecution or other proceeding, civil criminal or penal in any court ecclesiastical or temporal, Jbr or by reason of his her or their having made, given, or entered into, or accepted, or taken, such engagement as aforesaid; and that every such presentation or collation, or gift or bestowing, before the said ninth day of April in the preseot year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and twenty-seven, and every admission, institution, investiture, and induction thereupon, shall be* as valid and effectual in the law* to all iutents and purposes whatsoever, as if such engagement had not been made, given, or entered into, or accepted or taken; any thing in the said recited Act, or in any other Act, statute, or canon, or any law to the contrary m anywise notwithstanding.

1L And be it further enacted, That every such engagement which hath been made, given, or entered into at any time before the said ninth day of April in the present year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and twenty-seven, for the resignation of any benefice with cure of souls, dignity, prebend, or-living ecclesiastical, to the intent or purpose manifested" by the terms of such engagement, that some person specially named or 4eseril>ed therein, or one of two persons so specially named or described, should be presented collated or nominated to such spiritual office, or that the same should be given or bestowed to or upon him, or for the resignation thereof upon notice or request or otherwise, when a person, or one of two persons, so specially named or described, should become qualified, by age or otherwise, to accept and take the same, shall be good valid and effectual in the law to all intents and purposes whatsoever; any thing in the said recited Act, or in any other Act statute or canon, or any Taw to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

111. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to the case of any engagement which shall not lave been made even or entered into really and bona fide to the in-lent or .purpose aforesaid, and no other: Provided also, that nothing herein eontaioed shall be deemed compulsory upoo the Ordinary to accept O the resignation.

02 *

150 y No. LII. 7&8 Geo.1V, c. 25.

No Presentation to any Spiritual Office, made before 9th April 1827, shall be void on account of any Agreement to resign when another Perm, specially named, shall become qualified to take the same.

Persona making any such Agreement, not subject to any Penalty on account thereof.

All such Engagements entered into before 9th April 1827, valid and effectual in Law.

Engagements not bonA fide made with such intent.

Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every case where any such spiritual office shall after the passing of this Act be resigned pursuant to any such engagement, and the person, or one of the two persons, so specially named or described therein shall not he presented, collated, nominated, or appointed by donation to such spiritual office within six calendar months next after such resignation, the resignation which shall so have been made pursuant to such engagement shall to all intents and purposes be void and of no effect; and the spiritual person who shall so have resigned shall, without any act or form, and as if such resignation had not been made, be deemed and taken to all intents and purposes to be and to have continued the Incumbent actually in possession of such spiritual office, notwithstanding such resignation, and although within the said six months any other person may have been presented, collated, nominated, instituted, or inducted thereto, or received investiture thereof, provided such person so resigning shall not by reason of any other act or thing have become disqualified to hold the same.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to the case of any such engagement, upon or with respect to which any action, suit, bill, plaint, or information shall have been brought, sued out, or commenced and prosecuted before the ninth day of AprU in this present year.

['No. LIII.] 7&8 Geo. IV. c. 66.—An Act to extend an Act of the fifty-sixth year'of His late Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to grant small Portions of Land as Sites for Public Buildings, or to be used as Cemeteries. —[2d July 1827.]

56 G.3. c. 128. by an Act passed in the fifty-sixth year of the reign of His

late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend two Acts made in the fifty-third year of the reign of His present Majesty, for opening a wore convenient communication from Mary-lebone Park to Charing Cross, and for paving the Streets to be made in Mary-le-bone Park, and to enable tiis Majesty to grant small Portions of Land as Sites for Pub-lie Buildings, or lobe used as Cemeteries, within the Bills of Mortality, after reciting that many bodies corporate, and other public bodies, and many persons formed into societies for the promotion and advancement of the arts, or of literature and knowledge, or for charitable or other useful purposes, were frequently desirous of erecting buildings for the transacting and carrying on the .several useful purposes in which they were engaged, and were unable to obtain convenient spots of ground or sites for such buildings, or for easements and accommodations thereto; and that it would be very beneficial to the public if His Majesty, his heirs, or •successors, was and were enabled to grant and vest in any such bodies corporate, or other public bodies, societies, or persons, and their successors, heirs, executors, or administrators respectively, sufficient spots and parcels of land for the erecting such buildings thereon, or for curtilages, accesses, or other conveniences, easements, or accommodations to any buildings erected or to be erected for the purposes aforesaid, and also for cemeteries or burial grounds; it was by the now-reciting Act enacted, that the King’s most excellent Majesty, his heirs and successors, should have full power and authority to give and grant to and vest in any body or bodies politic or corporate, or other public bodies societies or persons, all or any part of the estate interest or property of His Majesty, his heirs or successors, in any lands, tenements, or hereditaments within the survey of the Court of Exchequer in England, situate within the bills of mortality, in order to be appropriated as a site or sites for erecting thereon any building or buildings tor any of the purposes aforesaid, or to f>e used as a curtilage or curtilages, or for an access or accesses to any building or buildings erected or to be erected for any of the purposes

% k No. LIII. 7&SGeo.lV. c. 66.

If the Person so specially named, be not presented to such Spiritual Office within Six Months, the designation shall be void.

Proviso for Proceedings already commenced.

Class IT.] Statutes relating to the Clergy. 150 a a a

therein-be tore mentioned, or to be used for any convenience, easement. No. LIII. or accommodation thereto or connected therewith, or for cemeteries or -y&sGeo. IV. buriaJ grounds; and such body or bodies corporate, or other public bodies, societies, or persons, and their heirs, successors, executors, or adminis- *

trators, should have full capacity and ability to receive, take, hold, aiul enjoy the same, as therein mentioned and declared: And whereas it is expedient that the provisions of the said recited Act should be enlarged and extended: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the King’s most excellent Majesty, his heirs and sue- Crown Lands cessors, shall have full power and authority to give and grant to and vest* be granted in any body or bodies politic or corporate, or other public bodies societies p^5. or persons, all or any part of the estate, interest, or property of His Ma- Public Build* jesty, his heirs or successors, in any lands tenements or hereditaments within the survey of the Court of Exchequer in England or Wales, in or- ene 9 der to be appropriated, or which have already been appropriated, as a site or sites for erecting thereon any building or buildings for any of the purposes in the said recited Act mentioned, or to be used as or for a curtilage or curtilages, or for an access or accesses to any building or buildings erected or to be erected for any of such purposes, or to be used for any convenience easement or accommodation thereto or connected therewith, or for cemeteries or burial grounds; and such body or bodies corporate, or other public bodies, societies, or persons, and their heirs, successors, executors, or administrators, shall have full capacity and ability t«i receive, take, hold, and enjoy the same; and whenever it shall Manoerof be the pleasure of His Majesty, his heirs or successors, to make a grant making such for any such purpose as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Grants.

High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or any three of them, to issue a warrant under his or their hand or hands to any such body or bodies corporate, or other public bodies societies or persons as aforesaid, which warrant shall be exempt from any stamp duty whatever, and shall be enrolled in the office of the Auditor of the land revenue for the division or county within which the premises therein specified shall be situate, and also in the office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues; and such Auditor, and such Commissioners, having enrolled the said warrant, shall certify such enrolment at the foot or on the back thereof, under his or their hand or hands, and return the said warrant to the grantee or grantees of such lands and premises; and from and immediately after such enrolment thereof/the respective grantees named in such warrant, and their heirs, successors, executors, or administrators, shall by force of this Act be adjudged deemed and taken to be in the actual seisin and possession of the premises in the said warrant specified, and shall hold and enjoy the same, either absolutely and in perpetuity, or for such limited estate term or interest, and under and subject to such reservations of rent, or other acknowledgments or restrictions in relation to the buildings to be erected thereon, and the form elevation or tfesigu thereof, the line on which the same shall range, or the uses or purposes to which the same shall be applied, or any other regulations restrictions or provisions, in regard thereto, as to the King's most excellent Majesty snail seem mcef, and in such warrant shall he specified, inserted, directed, or contained; any law statute or usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

JI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a copy of every . Copies of War-warrant to lie issued by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Trea- by

sury for the purposes of this Act, as heiein-before authorized and directed, Jhe Treasury to shall be laid belore each House of Parliament on or before the twentyfifth day of March in each year, if Parliament shall be then sitting, or if 1 irl, araent-Parliament he not then sitting, then within six weeks after the next meeting thereof: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contaihedi )Uniting any

one Grant to Five Acres.

V- a %

No. LIV. 7&8 Geo. IV.

c.

* «Commissioners of Woods and Forests in their Reports, to certify all Grants made under this Act.

Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

shall extend or be construed to extend to enable His Majesty, his heirs and successors, to grant more than five acres of land in any one grant for any of the purposes aforesaid.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues for the time being shall, in every report which shall be made by them to the King's most excellent Majesty, and to both Houses of Parliament, touching or concerning the land revenue of the Crown, from and after the passing of this Act, certify and report every grant which shall have been made under and by virtue of the provisions or this Act, since the time of the making their last preceding report, and to whom and for what purpose 'the same snail have been made, and what land or ground shall be comprised therein, and all other particulars relating thereto,

58 G. 3. c. 45.

59 G. 3. c. 134.

3 G. 4. e. 72.

5G. 4. c. 103.

Term of Commissioners’ Powers further continued.

[No. LIV.] 7 & 8 Geo. IV. c. 72*—An Act to amend the Acts for building and promoting the building of additional Churches iu populous Parishes.—(2d July 18270

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the fifty-eighth year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for build-ins and promoting the building of additional Chwrhet in populous Parishes, whereby it was enacted, that it should be lawful for His Majesty, by letters patent, to appoint such persons as His Majesty should deem fit, to be his Commissioners for carrying into execution the purposes of the said Act, and that the said commission should continue in force for the term of ten years from the date thereof, unless His Majesty should think fit sooner to revoke the same: And whereas another Act was passed in the fifty-ninth year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the purpose of amending and rendering more effectual the said Act, whereby it was enacted, that it should be lawful for His Majesty, his heirs, and successors, when and so often as any vacancy should arise of any of the Commissioners appointed under the provisions of the said recited Act or the Act now in recital, to supply any such vacancy or vacancies by the appointment of any other person or persons, ana also from time to time to appoint additional Commissioners, who, together with the persons before appointed, should be the Commissioners for carrying into execution the purposes of the said Act and the Act now reciting; and the Commissioners so appointed by His Majesty were thereby ae-clared to be a body corporate, by the style of " His Majesty's Commissioners for building New Churches, " and should have a common seal: And whereas another Act was passed in the third year of His present Majesty, for the purpose of amending and rendering more effectual the said two Acts so passed as aforesaid: And whereas another Act was passed in the fifth year of the reign of His present Majesty, for amending and rendering more effectual the said three Acts so passed as aforesaid: And whereas Commissioners for the purpose of carrying into effect the aforesaid Acts have been duly appointed, and they have proceeded in the execution of the powers so vested in them: And whereas it is expedient that the time for the execution of the commission granted by His Majesty in pursuance of the said Acts, and which is limited to the term of ten years by the said first* mentioned Act, should be extended, and that the powers contained in the aforesaid Acts should be altered and enlarged:Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thlk present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the persons now or hereafter to be appointed to be His Majesty’s Commissioners for building New Churches, and for the carrying into effect the aforesaid Acts and this Act, shall continue to be such Commissioners, and the said commission shall continue in force, for the term of ten years from the twentieth day of Jtr^ne^wusand tight hundred and twenty-eight, instead of the said term of ten years so

Class 11.] Statuies renting to the Clergy.

fixed as aforesaid, unless His Majesty, bis heirs or successors, shall think fit sooner to revoke the said commission.

II. And be itfurther enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Com* missioned to divide any parish or extra-parochial place into such ecclc-siastical districts in manner provided by the said Act passed in the fifty-eighth year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Third; and if there shall hot be any burial ground within such district, then and in every such case, until a burial ground shall be provided, the bodies of persons dying within such district may be interred in the cemetery of the parish*church, in all respects as if such division had not taken place.

III. And be it further enacted, That when any person or persons shall, to the satisfaction of the said Commissioners, endow any chapel built or hereafter to be built by such person or persons with some permanent provision in land or monies in the funds exclusively, or in addition to the pew rents or other profits arising from the said chapel, such endowment to be settled and assured as the said Commissioners shall authorize and direct, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to declare that the right of nominating a minister to the said chapel shall for ever thereafter be in the person or persons building and endowing the said chapel, his her or their heirs and assigns, or in* such person or persons as he she or they shall appoint, and notwithstanding no compensation or endowment may be made to or for the benefit of the minister of the church of the parish, within which such chapel may be built.

150 c c c No. LV.

9 Geo. IV. c. 42.

Commissioners may divide Parishes under certain Restrictions.

Persons endowing Chapels to have the Nomination of Minister.

[No. LV.] 9 Geo. IV. c. 42.—An Act to abolish Church Briefs, and to provide for the better Collection and Application of voluntary Contributions for the purpose of enlarging and building Churches and Chapels. — [15th July 1828.]

H ERE AS an Act was passed in the fourth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the better collecting Charity Money on Briefs by Letters Patent, and preventing Abuses in relation to such Charities; and it is expedient to repeal the said Act, and to provide for the better collection and application of voluntary contributions for enlarging, building, rebuilding, and repairing churches and chapels in 'England and Wales: And whereas in the year one thousand eight hundred and eighteen a Society was instituted, by the name of " The Society for promoting the Enlargement and Building of £hurches and Chapels, consisting ot persons who had contributed or should contribute twenty guineas in one donation, or two guineas annually; which society, governed under certain rules and regulations, has tended greatly to promote the good and laudable objects lor which it was instituted, and would be enabled to promote the same still more effectually if the said society were incorporated, with such powers and privileges as are herein-after mentioned: Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said Act of Queen Anne shall be and the same is hereby repealed, except as to such briefs issued before the passing of this Act as are now in progress, with respect to which the sak) Act shall remain in force.

II. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act all such persons as now are or hereafter may become members of the said society shall be and are hereby declared to be a body corporate, by the name of u The Incorporated Society for promoting the Enlargement Building and Repairing of Churches and Chapels."

III. And be it enacted, That the -Archbishop of Canterbury for the time being shall be the President of the said Society, and that the Archbishop of York for the time being, and the Bishops of the two provinces for the time being, shall be Vice Presidents thereof, together with such Lay Peers and Commoners, being twenty-five in number, as now are

4XXAnn. c. 14.

Repeal of recited Act, except as to Briefs in progress.

The Cbtirch-boilding Society to be incar. porated.

Presidency, Ac. c., of the Society.

150 ddd

No. LV.

9 Geo. IV. c. 42.

Constitution of the Committee,

Qualification for Members of the Society.

General Court, when to be holden; . Business to be there transacted.

Number of the acting Committee; their Powers and Duties.

Proviso as to Bye Laws.

Rules to be observed by the Society in selecting Parishes for Qrants, &c.

Further Rule* for the like 'ose.

Statutes relating to the Clergy. [Part I.

Vice Presidents of the said Society; and that all vacancies which shall from time to lime occur in that number of the Vice Presidents shall be tilled up from the lay members of the Society by the Committee thereof.

IV. And be it enacted, That the said Society shall be governed by a Committee, which shall consist-of the President, Vice Presidents, and 'treasurer, who shall be members thereof in virtue of their several offices, and of thirty-six members elected from the Society, one-half at least of whom shall be l&ytncn; and the Treasurer, together with one fourth of the thirty-six elected members of the Committee in rotation, shall vacate their offices at the Annual General Court, but shall be capable of immediate re-election: Provided always, that all such persons as before the passing of this Act shall have been elected to and are now filling the respective stations of Treasurer, or of Members of the Committee of the said Society, shall continue to fill the same, without any fresh election, until vacated as aforesaid.

V. And be it enacted, That all persons *ho shall contribute ten guineas in one donation, or one guinea annually, shall be Members of the said Society, and have a right to vote at General Courts, and he eligible to the Committee, provided such annual Subscriptions shall not theu be in arrear.

VI. And be it enacted, That a General Court shall be holden annually in May, and oftencr if the Committee shall think it expedient; and that at the General Court three Auditors shall he appointee! for the year ensuing, a Treasurer elected, and the vacancies in the Committee filled up from a double list prepared by the President and Vice Presidents, and that all such elections and appointments shall be by ballot.

VII. And be it enacted, That every order to be made and act to be done by the Committee for the time being of the said Society shall be made and done with the consent of the majority of the Members present at any meeting of the Committee, such meeting to consist of not less than five; and the Committee, or the major part of them at any such meeting, shall have full power and authority to make all such laws and regulations, not being repugnant to the laws of this kingdom, or to the express provisions of this Act, as to them shall from time to time seem expedient, for the management and government of the said Society, and for carrying its designs into effect; and shall have the sole management, controuJ, and disposition of the estates, funds, revenues, and other property which now of may hereafter belong to the said Society; and shall nave the power of affixing the common seal of the said Society, or directing it to be affixed, to such instruments as the said Committee or such maior part of them shall think fit; and shall have the sole controul over and appoin.ment of all officers agents or servants whom it may be thought expedient to employ in the service of the said society, or in any of the concerns relating thereto: Provided always, that such laws and regulations so to be made as aforesaid shall not be of' any force or effect unless the same shall be confirmed by the members of the Committee, or the major part of them, who shall be present at the ne*t meeting of the said Committee after the same shall have been first made, such next meeting to consist of not less than five.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Committee of the said Society, in the selection of parishes and extra-parochial places to which they shall grant any part of their funds towards the enlarging or building of any churches or chapels, shall have regard to the amount of the population, and also to the disproportion between the number of inhabitants and the present accommodation for attendance upon divine service according to the rites of the United Church of England and Ireland; and in giving preference among such parishes and extra-parochial places, shall have regard to the proportion of the expence which shall be offered to be contributed or raised’by such respective parishes or places, towards the enlargement or building of churches or chapels therein, and to the pecuniary ability of the inhabitants thereof.

IX. Provided also, and be. it enacted, That in granting aid towards the repairs of churches and chapels which have fallen into a state of great

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy.

dilapidation without neglect or fault of the existing parishioners, and the entire expence of repairing which the parishioners shall be proved, to the satisfaction of the Committee of the said Society, to be unable to defray, reference shall be had to the amount of money raised by the |>arishioners by rates or subscription, and to the improvement which it may be proposed to effect in the accommodation for the poor.

X. And be it enacted, That as often as His Majesty shall be graciously pleased to issue his lloyal Letters, directed respectively to the Archbishops of Canterbury and York, authorizing the collection of voluntary contributions within their several provinces, for the purpose of aiding the enlarging, building, rebuilding, or repairing of churches and chapels in England and If o/ei, or in any part thereof, in every such case all the contributions so collected shall be paid over to the Treasurer of the said Society, or his order, and shall be employed by the said Society in carrying its designs into effect.

XI. And be it enacted, That accounts shall annually lie presented to His Majesty, of the progress made by the said Society in the execution of its designs, stating the number of churches or Chapels enlarged, built, rebuilt, or repaired, or in the course of being so, the money expended, and for what purposes, and all such other particulars as shall be necessary for explaining the progress made by the said Society, together with a list of all officers, agents, and servants employed by the said Society, and a statement of iheir respective salaries.

XII. And be it enacted, That the said Society may receive and send all letters and packets relating to the execution of the powers and trusts of this Act free from the duty of postage, provided that such letters and packets as shall be sent to thesaicl Society by the post shall be directed to " The Incorporated Society for promoting the Enlargement, Building, and Repairing of Churches and Chapels, and that all such letters and packets as shall be sent by the said Soaeiy shall be dated from their office, and shall be signed on the outside by such person as the said Society shall appoint, with the consent of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, under such restrictions and regulations as the said Commissioners shall think proper and direct.

XIII. And whereas there is a certain sum of money remaining in the hands of John Steveruon Salt Esquire, the Undertaker of Briefs, arising from balances of monies collected upon briefs which have not been panted or required for the purposes for which the same were collected; be it therefore enacted, That such sum shall be transferred to the said Society, and that upon such transfer being made the said John Stevcneon Salt shall be released and discharged from all claims and demands in respect of such sum, or of any part thereof.

XIV. And whereas George Humphry* is seised to himself, his heirs and assigns, of the office of Clerk of the Briefs, for the lives of himself and of Jofiah Humphry* his son, by virtue of certain letters patent, and the profits of the said office will be extinguished by the repeal of the said Act of Queen Anne, and compensation should therefore be granted to the said George Humphryt for the loss of such profits; be it therefore enacted. That the said Society shall, out of the sum so to be transferred to them as aforesaid, gTant such compensation to the said George Humphry *, for his interest under the said letters patent, as shall be a full equivalent for the loss of the net profits of the said office, such net profits to be calculated upon an average of the last seven years.

XV. And whereas there is a large number of Briefs now in the possession of the said John Steveneon Salt, which have been returned to him after the collections made thereon; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any oue of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to make such order as he shall think fit, respecting the manner of disposing of the said Briefs.

XVI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed to be a public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

150 e e e

No. LV.

9 Geo. IV. c. 42.

All Sums colic etc 1 under Royal Letters for aiding the building. of Churches, shall be applied by the Society.

Accounts of the Society to be laid annually before Parliament.

Society may send and receive Letters free of Postage.

Balances in the Hand* of the Undertaker of Briefs to be transferred to the Society.

Compensation to be made to the Clerk of the Brief*.

' Secretary of State to make Order as to the disposal of Briefs on band.

Public Act,

160/// No. LVI.

9 Geo. IV. c. 94.

Engagements entered into for the Resignation of any Benefice upon Notice or Request to be valid.

Proviso.

Relationship of such Persons.

No Presentation to any Spiritual Office shall be void by reason of such Agreement to resign.

Persons making such Agreement not to be liable to Penalty.

Such Presentations to be valid.

31 Eliz. c. 0.

Statute*relating to the Clergy. ' [Part 1.

[No. LVI. 1 9 Geo. IV. c. 94.—An Act for rendering valid Bond?, Covenant?, and other As?urances for the Resignation of Ecclesiastical Preferments, in certain specified Cases. — [28th July 1828.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain bonds covenants and other assurances for the resignation of Ecclesiastical Preferments, should be rendered valid in the cases and subject to the limitations herein-after specified; be it therefore enacted by the Ring’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every engagement by promise, grant, agreement, or covenant, which shall be really and bona fide made, given, or entered into at any time after the passing of this Act, for the resignation of any spiritual office, being a benefice with cure of souls, dignity, prebend, or living ecclesiastical, to the intent or purpose to be manifested by the terms of such engagement, that any one person whosoever, to be specially named and described therein, or one of two persons to be specially named and described therein, being such persons as are hereinafter mentioned, shall be presented, collated, nominated, or appointed to such spiritual office, or that the same shall be given or bestowed to or upon him, shall be good valid and effectual in the law to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and the performance of the same may also be enforced in equity: Provided always, that such engagement shall be so entered into before the presentation, nomination, collation, or appointment of the party so entering into the same as aforesaid.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where two persons shall be so specially named and described in such engagement, each of them shall be, either by blood or marriage, an uncle, son, grandson, brother, nephew, or grand nephew, of the Patron or of one of the Patrons of such spiritual office, not being merely a trustee or trustees of the patronage of the same, or of the person or one of the persons for whom the Patron or Patrons shall be a trustee or trustees, or of the person or one of the persons by whose direction such presentation, collaiion, gift, or bestowing shall be intended to be made, or of any married woman whose husband in her right shall be the Patron or one of the Patrons of such spiritual office, or of any other person in whose right such presentation, collation, gift, or bestowing shall be intended to be made.

III. And be it further enacted, That no presentation, collation, gift, or bestowing to or of any such spiritual office of or upon any spiritual person, to be made after the passing of this Act, nor any admission, institution, investiture, or induction thereupon, shall be void, frustrate, or of no efl'ect in law for or by reason of any such engagement so to be made given or entered into by such spiritual person, or any other person or persons, to or with the Patron or Patrons of such spiritual office, or to or with any other person or persons, for the resignation of tht same as aforesaid; and that it shall not be lawful for the King's most excellent Majesty, his heir or successors, for or by reason of any such engagements as aforesaid, to present, or collate unto, or give or bestow such spiritual office; and that such spiritual person, and Patron or Patrons, or other person or persons respectively, shall not be liable to any pains, penalty, forfeitures, loss, or disability, nor to any prosecution or other proceeding, civil, criminal, or penal, in any court, ecclesiastical or temporal, for or by reason of his her or their having made, given, or entered into, ortaecepted or taken such engagement as aforesaid; and that every such presentation or collation, or gift or besiowing, to be made after the passing of this Act, and every admission, institution, investiture, ami induction thereupon, shall be as valid and effectual in the law to all intent* and purposes whatsoever as if such engagement had not been made given or entered into, or accepted or taken; any thing in an Act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of Her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act against Abuses m Elections of Scholars and Presentations to Benefices, or in

Class II.] Statutes relating to the Clergy.

any other Act statute or canon, of any law, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend to the case of any such engagement as aforesaid, unless one part of the deed instrument or writing dv which such engagement shall be made given or entered into snail, within the space of two calendar months next after the date thereof, be debited in the office of the Registrar of the diocese wherein the benefice with cure of souls, dignity, prebend, or living ecclesiastical, for the resignation whereof such engagement shall be made given or entered into as aforesaid, shall be locally situate, except a£ to such benefices with cure of souls, dignities, prebends, or livings ecclesiastical, as are under the peculiar jurisdiction of any Archbishop or Bishop, in which case such document as aforesaid shall be deposited in the office of the Registrar of that peculiar jurisdiction to which any such benefice with cure of souls, dignity, prebend, or living ecclesiastical, shall be subject; and such Registrars shall respectively deposit and preserve the same, and shall give and sign a certificate of such deposit thereof; and every such deed instrument or writing shall be produced at all proper and usual hours at such registry to every person applying to inspect the same; and an office copy of each such deed instrument or writing, certified under the hand of the Registrar, (and which office copy so certified the Registrar shall in all cases grant to every person who shall apply for the same,) shall in all cases be admitted and allowed as legaL evidence thereof in all courts whatsoever; and every such Registrar shall be entitled to the sum of two shillings, and no more, for so depositing as aforesaid such deed instrument or writing, and so as aforesaid certifying such deposit thereof; and the sum of one shilling, and no more, for each search to be made for the same; and the sum of sixpence, and no more, over and besides the stamp duty, if any, for each folio of seventy-two words of each such office copy so certified as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That every resignation to be made in pursuance of any such engagement as aforesaid shall refer to the engagement in pursuance of which it is made, and state the name of the person for whose benefit it is made; and that it shall not be lawful for the Ordinary to refuse such resignation, unless upon good and sufficient cause to be snown for that purpose; and that such resignation shall not be valid or effectual, except for the purpose of allowing the person for whose benefit it shall be so made to oe presented, collated, nominated, or appointed to the spiritual office thereby resigned, and shall be absolutely null and void unless such person shall be presented, collated, nominated, or appointed as aforesaid within six calendar months next after notice of such resignation shall have been given to the Patron or Patrons of such spiritual office.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend to any case where the presentation, collation, gift, or bestowing to or of any such spiritual office as aforesaid shall be made by the King s most excellent Majesty, his heirs or successors, in right ot His Crown or of His Duchy of Lancaster; or by any Archbishop, Bishop, or other ecclesiastical person, in right of his Archbishoprick, Bishoprick, or other ecclesiastical living, office, or dignity; or by any other body politic or corporate, whether aggregate or sole, or by any other person or persons, in right of any office or dignity; or by any company, or any feoffees or trustees for charitable or other public purposes; or by any other person or persons not entitled to the patronage of such spiritual office as private property.

>50 ggg No. LVI.

9 Geo. IV. c. 94.

v—1*v—* Not to extend to any engagements, unless the Deed be deposited within two months with the Registrar of the Diocese or peculiar Jurisdiction wherein the Benefice is situated.

Deed to be open to Inspection; and a certified Copy to be admitted as Evidence.

Fees to Registrar.

Resignation to state the Engagement, and name of Person for whom made. Resignation to be void, unless the Person be presented within Six Months.

Nothing herein to extend to Presentations made by the King, &c.

ClassIUl]

15#

PARt I.

ClASS III.

Marriage.

[No. I.] 25 Henry VII. c. 22.—An Act concerning the f). King's Succession.

III. AND furthermore, since many inconveniences have fallen, as MarrUgewfthin well within this realm as in others, by reason of marrying the Degrees

4 within degrees of Marriage prohibited by God's laws, that is to say, prohibited by the son to marry the mother or the stepmother, the brother thf? sister, God’s Law.

the father his son’s daughter or his daughter’s daughter, or the son to marry the daughter of his father procreate and born by his step- 2 vent. 11.

4 mother, or the son to marry his aunt being his father’s or mother’s 32 jj. V1IL 4 sister, or to marry His uncle’s wife, or the father'to marry his son’s wife, c. 33.

4 or the brother to marry his brother’s wife, or any man to marry his wife’s daughter, or his wife’s son’s daughter, or his wife’s daughter’s 4 daughter, or his wife’s sister; which marriages, although they he plainly prohibite and detested by the laws of God, yet nevertheless at some times they have proceeded, upder colours of dispensations by man’s 4 power, which is but usurped, and of ridit ought not to be granted No man hath admitted nor allowed '; for no man, of what estate degree or condition' Power to die *

4 soever he be, hath power to dispense with God’s laws, as all the Clergy pease with of this realm in the said convocations, and the most part of all the God’s Law.

4 famous universities of Christendom, and we also, do affirm and think. ’

IV. Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons subjects or resiants of this realm or in any your dominions, of what estate degree or dignity soever they be, shall from henceforth marry within the said degrees afore rehearsed, what pretence soever shall be made to the contrary thereof; and in case any person or persons* of what estate dignity degree or condition soever they be, hath been heretofore married within 1 his realm, or in any the Kind’s dominions, within any the degrees above expressed, and by any the Archbishops or Ministers of the church of Englandf be separate from the bonds oC such unlawful marriage, that then every such separation shall be* good lawful firm and permanent for ever, and not by any power authority’ or means to be revoked or undone hereafter, and that the children proceeding and procreate under such unlawful marriage shall not be lawful ne legitimate; any foreign laws licences dispensations.or other thing or things to the contrary thcrepf notwithstanding. (1)

(1) This statute is repealed by 28 Henry V1U. c. 7.' entitled An Act for the Establishment of the Imperial Crown of this Realm, which proceeds upon mom alleged grounds of invalidity in the marriage with' Anae’Bullen, but adopts the same principles, and contains the same prohibitions with respect to the degrees of consanguinity or affiftitf wkhh) which persons are prohibited from nmritgs Both statutes are repealed, by star. 1 Mary, Seta. 2. Chap. I. entitled ‘An Act declaring the Queen's Highness to have been Bom in a moot just and lawful Metronome, and also repealing all Acts Parliament and Sentences of 1 Jivoroe past and made te the contrary. The Act after a very; curious- Preamble, derives aft Sentences against the Marriage of Henry VHl whtrdlWr

Katherine to be void; and repeals the two sta* tutes of 25 and 28 Henry yill. and dechres the said Marriage had and solemniked betwixt yotir most noble Father King Henry and your said rrtost noble Mother Queen Katherine, shall be dirtnhively clearly and absolutely declared deemed and adjudged to be and stand with God’s Laws, and his moat holy Word, and to be accepted reputed and taken of good effect and" validity, to all intents and purposes."—The two statutes of 28 Henry Vlll. and 1 Mary, are in' the Appendix to Runnington’s Edition of the Statutes; and there does not appear to be any subsequent act by which the latter of these statutes ii repealed; In statute 32 Henry VIIL c. 28. (See the following Numbbr of thirCdfcfe *

152 Marriage. [Part I.

XIV. Provided always, That the Article in this Act contained concerning prohibitions of marriages within the degrees aforementioned in this Act, shall always be taken interpreted and expounded of such Marriages, where Marriages were solemnized and carnal knowledge was had.

[No, II.] 32 Henry VIII. c. 38.—For Marriages to stand notwithstanding Pre-contracts. [See 26 Geo. II. c. 33. s. 13. infra.]

* YJLWHEREAS heretofore the usurped power of the Bishop of Rome

* ?Y hath always entangled and troubled the nicer Jurisdiction and

* regal Power of thi3 Realm of England, and also unquieted much the 1 subjects of the same, by his usurped power in them, as by making that unlawful which by Godfs Word is lawful, both in Marriages and other things, as hereafter shall appear at more length, and‘till now of late in our Sovereign Lord’s time, which is otherwise by learning taught than his predecessors in times past of long time have been, hath so conti* nuea the same, whereof yet some sparks be left, which hereafter might

* kindle a greater fire, and so remaining, his power not to seem utterly

* extinct:

II. Therefore it is thought most convenient to the King’s High* ness, his Lords Spiritual and Temporal, with the -Commons of this

Marriages by Pre-contracts. Vin. V. 15, 262.

tion) it is provided that all marriages shall be It is also argued, that the mention of the lawful between persons that be not prohibited by Levitical degrees in the 32d Henry VIII. is only God's law to marry—and that no reservation or by way of instance, and not as a legislative enact-prohibition, God’s law except, shall trouble or iov- ment, that those degrees shall be considered as peach any Marriage without the Levitical de- marking the Prohibitions by the Divine Law. greet. The 99th Canon of 1603, establishes a The Treatise was written with a view to the

Table of Prohibitions conformable to the Levitical obtaining a declaratory act upon the subject. The degrees, and excluding a Marriage with the Sister Marriage with the Widow of a deceased Brother of a deceased Wife, but this Canon as being is certainly held invalid by the Spiritual Court; made subsequent to the Reformation is expressly and although the Cases of. Hill v. Good, and decided to be of no authority, in the case of Butler v. Gastrell, decided in the Courts of Middleton and Croft, the famous and elaborate Common Law, are subject to the observations judgment of Lord Hardwicke in which is con- already mentioned, of admitting the authority of

• tained in the second Volume of Atkins’s Re- the Canon, and of not advening to the statute ports, p. 650. of Mary, and the subject does not appear to have

In Hill v. Good, Vaughan’s Report!* 305, a been ever brought before these courts .upon a Marriage with the Sister of a deceased Wife, and view of the arguments which have been referred in Butler v, Gastrell, Gilb. Rep. 156, a Marriage’to, the I Conceive would be regarded as of with the Aunt of a deceased Wife, are decided binding authority, —Bpv }* ca, c the ‘object to be invalid but in neither of these Cases, is should at any time be submitted to the *tt*ntfpn any notice taken of the statute of Mary, and in of the Legislature, the publication alkided ta ?f ^em rel^°ce 11 placed on the Canon would be found to contain very important mattezr of 1503; for consideration, with respect both to Scriptural

A very learned argument upon this subject authority and moral policy.

Wu puoiished by Mr. Alleyne, of which the The Marriage with the Widow of a Great second Edition was printed in his lifetime, in Unde is legaL Herman v. Burrell Vaughan, 1773, and a third Edition has lately been pub- 206.

lished, entitled " The Legal Degrees of Marriage I take it to be agreed, that a Marriage between stated and considered." The object of the argu- the Illegitimate Son and Daughter of the same ment is to shew, by a critical Examination of the Mother, is invalid; but the question whether a 11th Chapter of Leviticus, and a Comparison of Marriage with the Bastard Daughter of a Sister of it with the 25th Chapter of Deuteronomy, is invalid, arose and was not decided m Ham$ r. (which especially enjoins a Marriage with the Jeffiell, 1 Ld. Raym. 68. 5 Mod. 168. Cotayns 2* Wife of a deceased Brother) that the former Comb. 356. but such a marriage appears to have relates not to Prohibitions of. Marriage, but to been considered as void by the Spiritual Court* Adultery. This construction is approved by the See Sir William Scott’s judgment in Homer aw Correspondence of several eminent Scholars, and Iiddiard, repotted by Dr. Crake, amongst others the celebrated Sir William Jones, It is clear that a marriage cannot after the and several English Divines, contained in the death of either of the partita be impeachedSac Appendix. consanguinity or afcnity, ibyLjOO<

No. I.

25 H. VIII. c. 22.

• Marriage with carnal knowledge.

32H.VIII.cJ8. What Marriages are law-fill, and what are not.

2 Inst. 683.

The enormity of avoiding

Class 111.] Marriage.

4. realm, assembled in the present Parliament, That two things spe-c cially for this time be with diligence provided for, whereby many in* conveniences have ensued, and many mo else moughtcilsueand follow;

as where heretofore divers and many persons, after long continuances

* together in Matrimony, without any anegation of either of the parties,

4 or any other at their Marriage, why the same Matrimony should not

* be g>od just and lawful, and alter the same Matrimony solemnized and

* consummate by carnal knowledge, and also sometime fruit of children ensued of the same Marriage, have nevertheless, by an unjust law of the Bishop of Rome, which is, That- upon pretence of a former contract made and not consummate by carnal copulation (for proof whereof two

* witnesses by that law were only required) been divorced and separate, 4 contrary to God’s Law, and so the true Matrimony, both solemnized in the face of the church and consummate with bodily knowledge and confirmed also with the firuit of children had between them, clearly frustrate and dissolved:Further also, by reason of other prohibitions than God’s Law admitteth, for their lucre for that court invented, the dispensation whereof they always reserved for themselves, as in kindred or affinity between cot$in-germaues, and so to fourth and fourth degree, 4 carnal knowledge of any of the same kin, or affinity before in such out* ward degrees, which else were lawful, and be notprohibited by God’s Law, and all because they would get money by it, and keep a reputation to their usurped jurisdiction, whereby not only much discord between lawful married persons hath (contrary to God’s ordinance) arisen, much debate and suit at the law, with the wrongful vexation, and great

* damage of the innocent party hath been procured, and many just Mar* riages brought in doubt and danger of undoing, and also many times undone, and lawful heirs disherited, whereof there had never else, but for his vain-glorious usurpation, been moved any such question, since

* freedom in them was given us by God’s law, which ought to be most sure and certain; but that notwithstanding, Marriages have been

* brought into such an incertainty thereby, that no Marriage could be so surely knit and bounden, but it should lie in either of the parties power

* and arbiter, casting away the fear of God, by means and compasses to

* prove a pre-contract a kindred an alliance or a carnal knowledge to defeat the same, and so under the pretence of these allegations afore rehearsed to live all the days of their lives in detestable adultery, to the utter destruction of their own souls, and the provocation of the

* terrible wrath of God upon the places where such abominations were suffered and used Be it therefore enacted by the King our Sovereign Lord, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by authoi ity of the same, That from the first day of the month of July next coming, in the year of cur Lord God one thousand five hundred and forty, all and every such Marriages as within this church of England shall be* contracted between lawful persons (as by this Act we declare all persons to be lawful, that be not prohibited by God’s law to marry) such Marriages being contract and solemnized in the face of the church, and consummate with bodily knowledge, or fruit of children or child being had therein between the parties so married, shall be by authority of this present parliament aforesaid deemed judged and taken to be lawful good just and indissoluble, notwithstanding any pre-contract or pre-contracts of matrimony not consummate with bodily knowledge which either of the persons so married or both shall have made with any other person or persons before the time of contracting that Marriage which is solemnized and consummate, or whereof such fruit is ensued or may ensue as afore, and notwithstanding any dispensation prescription law or other thing granted or confirmed by Act or otherwise; and that no Reservation or Prohibition, GotCs Law except, shall trouble or impeach any Marriage without the Levitical Degrees; * and that no person of what estate degree or condition soever he or she be, shall, after the first day of the said month of July aforesaid* be admitted in any

153

No. II.

32 H. VIII.

c. 38.

The inconveniences of Dispensations to marry.

Cro. El. 228. Co. Lit. 235. a. All persona be lawful to contract Marriage that he Vaugh 206. That Marriage is indissoluble s which is coo- structed and solemnised in the free of the Church, and consummate with bodily knowledge or firuit of Child, notwithstanding any pre-coi> tract.

Repealed by 2 and 3 Ed. 6. c. 23. §2. and 1 & 2 Ph. & M. c. 8. § 20 and in part revived bylELc. l.$12. as to so much aa is not repealed by 2 & 3 Ed.6. c. 23.


* See Note on Not 1. the last State *

164; Marriage. [Past L

Na Hi of the Spiritual Courts within this the King's realm, jor any of his Gracefe o_. u TTTrr other lands and dominions, to any process plea or allegation contrary to* " this foresaid Act.

C. 38. HBSBHBHnaBHi

wvw [No< m%] 2 and a Edward VI. c. 23.—The Repeal of an Act made in the xxxii.* Year of King Hun ry the Eighth, which was made. That Marriage contracted in the Face of the Church, and consummate with, bodily Knowledge, to be deemed lawful, any former Contract notwithstanding.

Part of the Sta- TXjTHERE AS in the thirty-second year of the reign of the late King tute of Precon- < of famous memory. King Henry the Eighth, because that many tracts repealed. inconveniences had. chanced in this realm by breaking and dissolving of good and lawful Marriages, yea, whereupon also sometime issue and children had followed, under the colour and pretence of a former contract made with another, the which contract divers times was but very slenderly proved, and often but surmised, by the malice of the party who desired to be dissolved from the Marriage which they liked v not and to be coupled with another, there was an Act.made, That

* all and every such Marriages as within the Church of England should be contracted and solemnized in the face of the Church, and oonsum* mate with bodily knowledge, or fruit of children or child being

4 between the parties so married, should be by the authority of tire said Parliament deemed judged and taken to be lawful good just and india *

* soluble, notwithstanding any pre-contract or pre-contracts of Matrimony not consummate with bodily knowledge, which either of the persons so married or both had made with any other person or persons before the time of contracting that Marriage which is solemnized or consummated, or whereof such fruit is ensued or may ensue as by the same Act more plainly may appear: Si the the time of the which Act,

4 although the same was. godly meant, the unruliness of men bath ua* godly abused the same, and divers inconveniences (intolerable in mao- ner to Christian cars and eyes) followed thereupon, women and men

* breaking their own promises and faiths made by the one unto the other,

4 so set upon sensuality and pleasure that if after the contract of Matt?-4 mony they might have whom they more favoured and desired, they could he content by lightness of their.nature to overturn all that they had done afore, and not afraid in manner, even from the very church door and marriage-feast, the man, to take another spouse, and the espouse to take another lwsband, more for bodily lust and carnal knowledge than for surety of faith and truth, or having God in their good remembrance, contemning many times also the commandment 1 of the ecclesiastical judge forbidding the* parties having made the contract to attempt or do any thing in prejudice of the same

A Repetl of so II. Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Highness the Lords Spiritual much of the and Temporal and the Commons in this present. Parliament assembled. Statute of That as concerning pre-contracts, the said former statute shall from the 32H.VirLc.38, first day* of May next coming cease, be repealed and of no force or effect, as maketh that and be reduced to the estate and order of the King’s ecclesiastical laws Marriage india- of this realm, which immediately before the making of the said estatute soluble which is in this case were used in thisrealnv: So that from the said’ first day of solemnised in Mayy when any cause or contract of Marriage is'pretended to have been the Church^and made, it shall be lawful to the King’s ecclesiastical judge of that place to hear ami examine the said cause: And (having the said contract suffi-kn wind* and c'eBt^y lawfully proved before him) to give sentence for Matrimony, fr^ofChikL commanding solemnization cohabitation consummation and tractalion as Yin.V1.15, 622. becometh man and wife to have, with indicting all such pains upon the disobedients and disturbers thereof as in times past before the said statute the King’s ecclesiastical judge by the King’s ecclesiastical laws ought and might have done if the said statute had never been made; any clause

* Id the printed copy it is styled the twmtiu second.

Claw III.] Marriage.

article or'sentence in the said statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always and be it enacted, That this Act do not extend to disannul dissolve or break any Marriage that hath or shall be bo so-lemnizated and consummated before the said first day of Mny next ensu* ing, by title or colour of any pre-contract, but that they be and be deemed orlike force and effect to all intents constructions and purposes as if this Act had never been had ne made; any thing in this present Act notwithstanding.

IV. Provided also, That this Act do not extend to make good any of

the other causes to the dissolution or disannulling of Matrimony, which be in the said Act spoken of and disannulled, but that in all other causes and other things there mentioned, the said former Act of the thirty-second year of the late King, of famous memory, do stand and remain m his full strength and power: any thing in this Act notwithstanding. [Sec. 1 EL c. 1. $ ltj

* See St. 26 Geo. 11. c. 33. . 13. infra.

155 No. HI. 3&3 Ed.VI. c. S3.

A Confirmation of the Residue of the said Stat. of 32 H. VIII. c. 38.

[No. IV.] 16 Geo. II. c. 30.—An Act to prevent the

Marriage of Lunaticks.

* WHEREAS persons who have the misfortune to become lunaticks, 15 Geo. III. c.30 may by reason of such their disorder, be liable to- be surprised

into unsuitable Marriages, which may be of pernicious consequence, H*c *

* and a great misfortune to their families:9 Wherefore for preventing the same and the ill consequence thereof. Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty by and with the acfvice and consent of the Lords Spin* tual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, in case any person who now is, or at any time hereafter shall be found a luoatick by any inquisition taken or to be taken by virtue of a commission under the Great Seal of Great Britain; or any lunatick or person under a phrenzy, whose person and estate by virtue of any Act of Parliament, now are, or hereafter shall be committed to the care and custody of particular trustees, shall marry before he or she shall be declared of sane mind by the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, or such trustees as aforesaid or the major part of them respectively; every such marriage shall be and is hereby declared to be null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

# See 51 Geo. III. c. 37. post.

[No. V.] 26 Geo. II. c. 33.—An Act for the better

preventing of clandestine Marriages.

4 WHEREAS great mischiefs and inconveniences have arisen from 26 Geo.ll. c.33. < clandestine Marriages; 9 for preventing thereof for the future, be it publication of enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and Banna, consent of the Lorns Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of Mureh in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, all banns of Matrimony shall be published in an audible manner in the parish church, or in some public chapel, in which public chapel bannsof Matrimony have been usually published, (1) 1

(1) In an action for criminal conversation upon such Marriages having been celebrated. See a Marriage solemnised in a chapel, it seems ueces- Taunton v. Wyborn, 2 Camp. N. P. 297. la aary to give some evidence that Marriages were Local Acts for erecting ehurchee, it has been pro-celebrated by banns in such chapel previous to vided, that all fees tor Christenings, Marriages, the Act j—but instances since are evidence of and Burials, shall be accounted for to the Re

Minister to sign the Publication:

and the Marriage to be solemnized in one of the Churches

• Marriage. [Part I.

of or belonging to Such parish or chapelry wherein the persons to be married shall dwell, according to the form of words prescribed by the rubrick prefixed to the office of Matrimony in the Book of Common Prayer, upon three (2) Sundays preceding the solemnization of marriage, during the time of Morning Service, or of Evening Service (if therein no Morning Service in such church or chapel upon any of those Sundays) immediately after the second lesson: And whensoever it shall happen that the person, to be married shall dwell in divers parishes or chapetries, the banns shall in like manner be published in the church or chapel belonging to such parish or chapelry wherein each (3) of the said persons shall dwell; and where both or either of the persons to be married shall dwell in any extra-parochial place, (having no church or chapel wherein banns have been usually published) then the banns shall in like manner be published in the parish church or chapel belonging to some parish or chapelry adjoining to such extra-parochial place:And where banns shall be published in any church or chapel belonging to any parish adjoining to such extra-parochial place, the Parson, Vicar, Minister, or Curate, publishing such banns, shall, in writing under his hand, certify the publication thereof in such manner as if either of the persons to be married dwelt in such adjoining parish; and that all other the rules prescribed by the said rubrick concerning the publication of banns and the solemnization of matrimony, and not hereby altered, shall be duly observed; and that in all cases where banns shall have been published, the marriage shall be solemnized in one of the parish churches or chapels where such banns have been published, and in no other place whatsoever.

where the Banos have been published.

Notice of the Names Places of Abode and time of Residence of the Parties to be given to the Minister seven days before Publication of Banns.

Minister not punishable for solemnizing Marriage after Banna published, where the Parents or Guardians give no notice of Dissent j but where such Dissent shall be given, Publication of Banns to be void.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Parson, Vicar, Minister, or Curate, shall be obliged to publish the banns of matrimony between any person whatsoever, unless the persons to be married shall, seven days at the least before the time required for the first publication uf such banns respectively, deliver or cause to be delivered to such Parson, Vicar, Minister, or Curate, anotice in writing of their true Christian and surnames, and of the house or houses of their respective abodes within such parish chapelry or extra-parochial place as aforesaid, and of the time during which they have dwelt inhabited or lodged in such house or houses respectively. (4)

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thatno Parson, Minister, Vicar, or Curate, solemnizing Marriages after the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, between persons both or one of whom shall be under the age of twenty-one years after banns published, shall be punishable by ecclesiastical censures for solemnizing such Marriages without consent of parents or guardians, whose consent is required by law, unless such Parson, Minister, Vicar, or Curate, shall have notice of the dissent of such parents or guardians; and in case such parents or guardians, or one of them, shall openly and publicly declare or cause to be declared in the church or chapel where the banns shall be so published, at the time of such publication, his her or their dissent to such marriage, such publication of banns shall be absolutely void.

of the parish, and this has been very generally acted upon as giving an implied power to celebrate such Marriages, several legal opinions having been given in support of such construction, but I am not aware of any legal decision upon the subject. See Rex v. North field Doug. 634.

(2) In Standen v. Standen, Peake N. P. 32. the husband was allowed to prove that the banns were only published twice; but his credit was left to the jury on account of the nature of his evi-xe, and he was not believed.

7) Marriage, by banns, legal, though only one '• parties resided in the parish. 18 Ves. 289.

or though neither party was resident, 16 Vea.

259.

(4) A clergyman who omits taking the precautions directed by this clause, is in great hazard of incurring the animadversion of the Court of Chancery, in case either of the parties is a ward of that Court. See Nicholson v. Squire, 16 Vessey, 259. [and by the canon law, (which is binding on the clergy) it is highly criminal to celebrate marriage without a due publication of banns, which must suppose information as to the residence, 6 Ves. 423.] '

Class III.] Marriage.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted, That no lioenrc of marriage shall from and after the said twenty-fifth day of March in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, be granted by any Archbishop Bishop or other Ordinary or person having authority to grant such licences, to solemnize any Marriage in any other church or chapel than in the parish church or public chapel of or belonging to the parish or chapelry within which the usual place of abode of one of the persons to be married shall have been for the space of four weeks immediately before the granting of such licence; or where both or either of the parties to be married shall dwell in any extra-parochial place, having no church or chapel wherein banns have been usually published, then in the parish church or chapel belonging to some parish or chapelry adjoining to such extra-parochial place, and in no other place whatsoever.

ties shall have resided for four weeks before, &c.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Places which all parishes where there shall be no parish church or chapel belonging thereto, or none wherein divine service shall be usually celebrated every Sunday, may be deemed extra-parochial places for the purposes of this Act, but not for any other purpose.

AT. Provided always, That nothing herein before contained shall be construed to extend to deprive the Archbishop of Canterbury and his successors, and his and their proper officers, of the right which hath hitherto

been used in virtue of a certain statute made in the twenty-fifth year of Sp«cialLicences the reign of the late King IIcnry the Eighth, intituled An Act concern- ved, < ing Peter Pence and Dispensations, of granting special licences to marry at any convenient time or place.

VIT. Provided always, and be it enacted That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, no surrogate deputed by any ecclesiastical judge, who hath power to grant licences of Marriage, shall grant any such licence before he hatli taken an oath before the said judge faithfully to execute his office, according to law, to the best of his knowledge, and hath given security by his bond in the sum of one hundred pounds to the Bishop of the diocese for the due and faithful execution of nis said office.

VIII. And whereas many persons do solemnize Matrimony in prisons and other places without publication of banns or licence of Marriage first had and obtained; therefore, for the prevention thereof, be it enacted, That if any person shall, from and after the said twenty-fifth day of March in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, solemnize Matrimony in any other place than a church or public chapel, where banns have been usually published, unless by special licence from the Archbishop of Canterbury; or shall solemnize Matrimony without publication of banns, unless licence of Marriage he first had and obtained from some person or persons having aurhority to grant the same, every person knowingly and wilfully so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and shall be transported to some of llis Majesty’s plantations in America for the space of fourteen years, according to the laws in force for transportation of felons; and all Marriages solemnized from and after the twenty-fifth day of March in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, in any other place than a church or such public chapel, unless by special licence as aforesaid, or that shall be solemnized without publication of banns or licence of marriage from a person or persons having authority to grant the same first had and obtained, shall be null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

IX. Provided, that all prosecutions for such felony shall be commenced within the space of three years after the offence committed.

X. Provided always, That after the solemnization of any Marriage under

a publication of banns, it shall not be necessary in support of such Marriage to give any proof of the actual dwelling of the parties in the respective Darisne9 orchapelries wherein the banns of Matrimony were published; KC wnero r or where the marriage is by licence, it shall not he necessary to give any lunn

have been solemnized, not necessary ta the validity of such Marriagi

Licences to be granted to solemnize Matrimony in the Church or Chapel of such Parish only, where one of the ptfmay be deemed extra-parochial by this Act.

Archbishop of Canterbury’a right to grant

Surrogate deputed to grant Licences to take an Oath of Office, and give security.

Persons convicted of solemnizing Matrimony without banns or licence, or in any other place, Ac. c., except by Special Licence,

to be transported.

end the Marriages to be null.

Prosecutions for the same to be commenced. Proof of the Parties dwelling in the Parishes, Ac. c. where Mar158

No. V. 26 Geo. 1L c. 33.

Marriages solemnized by Licence without consent of the Parents or Guardians, where either of the parties (not being a Widower or Widow) shall be under age, void.

Where the Guardians or Mother shall be non compos mentis, or in pans beyond the Seas, or shall unreasonably withhold their consent, the Parlies may apply to the Lord Chancellor, Ac. c. and being approved by Order of the Coun shall be effectual.

No auit to be m the Ecclesiastical Coun to compel a Marriage in facie Eccleriae, by reason of any Contract. Churchwardens to provide Books in which sre to be registered all Marriages and Banns;

Marriage. [Part I.

proof that the usual place of abode of one of the partied, for the space of tour weeks as aforesaid, was in the parish or chapelry where the Mar* riage was solemnized; nor shall any evidence in either of the said cases be received to prove the contrary in any suit touching the validity of such Marriage.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Marriages solemnized by licence, after the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, where either of the parties, not being a widower or widow, shall be under the age of twenty-one years, which shall be had without the consent of the father of such of the parties so under age (if then living) first had and obtained, or if dead, of ine guardian or guardians of the person of the party so under age lawfully appointed, or one of them; and in case there shall be po such guardian or guardians, then of the mother (if living and unmarried) or if mere shall be no mother living and unmarried then of a guardian or guardians of the person appointed by the Court of Chancery, shall be absolutely null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever. (5)

XII. And whereas it may happen, that the guardian or guardiana

* mother or mothers of the parties to be married or one of them, so under age as aforesaid, 'may be non compos mentis, or may be in parts beyond

* the seas, or may be induced unreasonably and by undue motives to abuse the trust reposed in him her or them by refusing or withholding his her or their consent to a proper marriage; Be it therefore enacted, That in case any such guardian or guardians mother or mothers or any of them whose consent is made necessary as aforesaid shall be non compos mentis, or in parts beyond the seas, or shall refuse or withhold his her or their consent to the marriage of any person, it shall and may be lawful for any person desirous of marrying in any of the before-mentioned cases to apply by petition to the Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper cr the Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, who is and are hereby empowered to proceed upon 6ucb petition in a summary way; and in case the Marriage proposed shall upon examination appear to be proper, the said Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal for the time being shall judicially declare the same to be so by an order of Court, and such order shall be deemed and taken to be as good and effectual to all intents and purposes as if the guardian or guardians or mother of the person so petitioning had consented to such Marriage.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That in no case whatsoever shall any suitor proceeding be had in any Ecclesiastical Court in order to compel a celebration of any Marriage in facie Ecclesi *, by reason of any contract of Matrimony whatsoever, whether per verba tie presenti or per verba dc futuro, which shall be entered into after the twenty-fifth day of March in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four; any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And for preventing undue entries and abuses in registers of Marriages; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on or before the twenty-fifth day of March in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, and from time to time afterwards as there shall be occasion, the churchwardens and chapel wardens of every parish or chapelry shall provide proper hooks of vellum or good and durable paper, in which all Marriages and banns of Marriage respectively there published or solemnized shall be registered, and every page thereof shall be marked at the top with the figure of the number of every such page, beginning at the second leaf with number one; and every leaf or page so numbered, shall be ruled with lines at proper and equal distances from each other, or as near as may be; and all banns and marriages published or celebrated in any church or chapel or within any such parish or chapelry shall be respectively entered registered printed or written upon or as near

(5) A bastard it within this provision, and the and the authorities there cited—especially Dr. consent of the mother or put stive father is not Crake's report of the case of Horaer v. Liddiatd, sufficient. See Priestley *• fiughes, 11 East, 1. before Sir William Scottiizec

‘Class III.] Marriage.

as conveniently may be to such ruled tines, and shall be signed by the Parson Vicar Minister or Curate, or by some other person in 'his presence and by his direction; and such entries shall be made as aforesaid, on or as near such lines in successive order, where the paper is not damaged or decayed by accident or length of time, until anew book shall be thought proper or necessary to be provided for the same purposes, and then the tke ssaieto be directions aforesaid shall oe observed in every such new 'book; and all signed fcy the books provided as aforesaid shall be deemed to belong to every ouch Minister; parish or chapel respectively, and shall be carefully, kept and preserved for and the Bodu publick use. to.belong tathe

Parish, and to be kept for public use.

XV. And in order to preserve the evidence of Marriages, and to niake Marriages to be the proof thereof more certain and easy, and for the direction of Ministers aolemobed in in the celebration of marriages and registering thereof, be it enacted, die f*caen<x .o(That from and after the twenty+fifth day of March in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, all Marriages shall be solemnized in the presence of two or .more credible witnesses, besides the Minister who shall tol>e

.celebrate the same; and that immediately after the celebration of every Marriage, an entry thereof shall be made m such register to be kept as aforesaid; in which entry or register it shall be expressed. That the said 'Marriage was celebrated by banns or licence; and if both or either of the parties married by licence, be under age, with consent of the parents or and signed.by-guardians as the case shall be; and shall be signed by the Minister with the Minuter, nis proper addition, and also by the parties married, and attested by such Partiet^adWit-two witnesses.; which entiy shall be made in the form or to the .effect jmti. following; that is to say,

offfisfParish FonDA. B.

and C.D.of{ {£? } Parish

wetemarriwiin b, { -{ oSl }

this Day of in the Year

j-Uector^ by me J. J.) Vicar J.

• < Curate

A £

This Marriage w&s solemnized between us q jj' in the presence of

EF.

G. H.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Ptwoni .ccn-iperson shall from and after the twenty*fifth day of March in the year one jdzied of mak thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, with intent to elude the force of wgaWaeBatry Ihis Act, knowingly and wilfully insert or cause to be inserted in the " " registry book of such parish *or chapelry as aforesaid any false entry of P*ec»

.any matter or thing relating to any Marriage; or falsely make alter forge m of forcing, ^counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made altered forged or &c. any Licence, counterfeited, or act or assist in falsely making altering forging or counterfeiting any such entry m such register; or falsely make alter furge or counterteir, or cause or procure to be falsdy made altered forged or .cyan-. terfeited, or assist in falsely making altering forging or counterfeiting any such licence of marriage os aforesaid; or .utter «orpublishes true any aueh false altered forged or counterfeit register as aforesaid, or a copy thereof, or any such false altered forged or counterfeited licence of marriage, knowing such register .or licence t>f Marriage respectively to be false altered forged .or counterfeited; or if any person shall from rater the said or of destroying twenty-fifth day of March wilfully destroy or cause or procure to be with an ill in-destroyed any register book of Marriages, or any part of such register book, tent, such Rc-•with intent to avoid any Marriage or to subject any person to any of the peter,

.penal ties of this Act; every person <so offending and being thereof lawfully .convicted shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and than to suffer Death suffer death as a feign without benefit of Clergy.

160

No. V.

26 Geo. II. c. 33.

* Marriages of the Royal Family,

Marriage. [Part I.

♦XVII. Provided always, That this Actor any thing therein contained shall notextond to the Marriages of any of the Royal Family.

XV7III. Provided likewise. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, nor to any Marriages amongst the people called Quakert, or amongst the persons y

Jewish religion, where both the parties to any such Marriage shall the people called Quakers, or persons professing the Jewish religion respectively nor to any marriages solemnized beyond the seas. (6)

and of Quakers and Jews, and of Persons in Scotland or beyond the seas excepted.

(6) Soon after the passing of the Act it was decided in the Court of Delegates in a case of Bearcroft v, Bearcraft, that a marriage between two English persons who go to Scotland solely for the purpose, is valid; and such is now the established law. [Notwithstanding the want of banns or licence. Ex parte HalL 1 Rose 30. In former times it was a question whether marriages of minors in Scotland were legal. Grierson r. Grierson, Dick. 588.]

Upon a trial, on the Home Circuit, for Polygamy, (in which it is necessary to prove an actual marriage, ] evidence was required of the Caw of Scotland with respect to the legality of the first marriage, which was there contracted; and the evidence of such, being the known law of the country, was rejected in consequence of the unfitness of the person whose testimony was adduced upon the subject; —and the Judge is said to have intimated, that such evidence should be by the certificate of the Lord Advocate or other authorised person, and that the Court upon such subject would not attend to the information of a tobacconist. This case, which I partly cite from recollection of newspaper reports, but which, since composing the principal part of this note, ! find referred to in the case of the King and Brampton, 10 East, 285, involves in its decision principles which would require a very serious examination before they were generally adopted. In the first place—the necessity of requiring any evidence at all upon the subject, is a great and important question, when considered as a general question respecting the mutual recognition of the laws of the different parts of the United Kingdom. Information may be often very properly applied for, for the mutual assistance of the tribunals of the respective parts of the United Kingdom, but that is the information of science, the counsel of an assessor, and not the information of evidence, which is of. a perfectly different nature—and if such evidence was necessary in the particular case, it is equally necessary in all cases when a question of the law of one member of the kingdom becomes a matter of incidental enquiry in the other.—2. But if it was necessary that evidence should be given upon the general principle that the law of other countries is matter of fact, and as such ought to be proved, it seems a most extraordinary doctrine to hold that the mere situation in life of a witness can be taken as an objection to the reception of his testimony. The situation in life, or the habits and character of a witness, may be fairly taken into consideration in determining the effect of his evidence as to adequacy of knowledge, or as to the degree of credit which he shall receive,

but cannot, upon any correct judicial principles, be opposed as a bar to his admissibility; and it cannot be supposed that in the particular case, if the evidence had been regarded as otherwise than legally exceptionable, a serious doubt could have been stated to the jury upon its credit or accuracy with jrespect to a matter of such general and undoubted notoriety.—3. As the subject may come in question with respect to marriages contracted in dikant countries, it is proper to . consider whether a proof of two persons having in any manner or form agreed to enter into the relation of husband and wife, and having been afterwards reputed as such, should not be taken as sufficient until positive evidence is offered of its invalidity. Marriage, however important a contract it may be, is only a contract to which no particular ceremony or public sanction is requisite in its own nature, or according to the laws which in some countries, especially Scotland, actually subsist. In most countries however, peculiar solemnities are very judiciously superinduced as easentialto the validity of this engagement—but the necessity of such solemnities is not to be presumed; and the primary evidence which I have alluded to would therefore seem sufficiently contradicted by other testimony, shewing the necessity of further requisites than such as upon general principles would be sufficient*.

Upon a trial for Polygamy, before Mr. Serjeant Marshall, as Judge of Assize, at Lancaster Summer Assizes, 1814, evidence of a marriage in Ireland, by a Dissenting Clergyman, was held sufficient, without giving any proof of the Law of Ireland upon the subject.

With respect to the actual law of Ireland, it is expressly provided, by Statute 21 and 22 Geo. III. c. 25, that marriages between Protestant Dissenters, solemnized by Dissenting Ministers or Teachers, shall be valid. The Acts of the Irish Parliament, containing provisions against the marriage of Protestants with Catholics, or Protestants •with Protestants, by any Popish Priest, acknowledge by necessary implication the validity of ruch marriages between Catholics.—See 1 Gab-bett, 410-411.

In the late case of Dalrymple r. Dalrymple, before the Consistory Court of London, and afterwards before the Delegates for restitution of conjugal rights, evidence was given of the Law of Scotland, by the principal lawyers of that country, upon regular depositions.—See the report of the case by Dr. Dodson.

In the case of the King and the Inhabitants of Brampton, 10 East, 282, a British soldier in St. Domingo being desirous of marrying the widow of anothersoldier there, they went to a chapel where

Class ID.] Marriage.

161

the ceremony was performed by a person appearing as a Priest, and officiating as such, the service being in French, but interpreted into English by one who officiated as clerk, and which was understood to be the marriage service of the Church of England, after which there was a cohabitation of several yean. The Court of Quarter Sessions thought upon a question of settlement, that this was not sufficient evidence of a legal aaarriage !but fortunately, not considering it as a case affected by the hints so often thrown out to that tribunal, of the confidence which they ought to entertain in their own opinion, they stated a case for the opinion of the Court of King’s Bench, who considered that there was sufficient evidence of a good marriage either according to the Law of England or according to the Law of the Country where it took place. —The case contains some important information respecting the doctrine of marriages per verba de presently previous to this ststute, for the validity of which it appears that the presence of a clergyman was requisite; but that a marriage by a Roman Catholic clergyman was sufficient.

British subjects, resident in s British settlement -abroad, are governed, with respect to marriage, by the law hich existed here before the marriage Oct, vis. the Canon law. Therefore, where two British subjects, being Protestants, were married at Madras, by a Portuguese Roman Catholic Priest, according to the Catholic form, in the Portuguese language, in a private room, and the ceremony was followed by cohabitation; held that this was a valid marriage, though without a licence from the Governor, which it is the custom at Madras to obtain. Lautour v. Teesdalc, 2 Mars. 243.

One of the mischiefs-against which the act was intended to provide, was the establishing officers in the Fleet and other places for the celebration of clandestine marriages. Books have been preserved of the entries of such marriages, but from the many fabricated entries which they have been found to contain, different Judges have refused to receive them in evidence, but they were admitted' by Mr. Justice Heath in Pasingham v. Lloyd, at Shrewsbury assizes, 1794. See Peake’s Evidence, 39. In Cooke v. Lloyd, Append, ibid. 74. Mr. Justice Le Blanc refused to receive such an entry in evidence, as being no more than a private memorandum made by somebody who had no authority to make it, and who might put down any thing he pleased, whether true or false. But it is observable, that in none of these cases the question was carried farther than the Court of Nisi Prius— and the case of Lloyd and Pasingham coming before the Court of Chancery, after an interval of fourteen years, upon some grounds for imputing actual forgery to the particular entry in that case, the Lord Chancellor considered the general question as one which was still open. See 16 Vesey, 59. Considering the state of the law before the passing of the act, it certainly does not seem desirable in the nature of the thing to excludes species of evidence which would continually result from and accompany the actual occurrence of the fact recorded, and any experience of improper practices with respect to the custody and management of

the books at a particular place, would hardly seem sufficient to prevent the admissibility of the evidence, whatever cautions it might reasonably suggest with respect to its credibility.

Many doubts have been entertained of the policy and justice of this act, as giving an undue weight to parental authority; and an unsuccessful attempt was made in- 1781 to repeal it. Mr. Burke’s speech against the repeal, contained in his Works, vol. 9. Bvo. 135, is a very satisfactory *0d abl? yjiulicrtWt of the let. Considering the motives which usually lead to an infraction of this act, and the opinions manifested by the laws of almost all countries in favour of giving to parents an interposition with respect to the marriage of their children under a certain age, I conceive it would be desirable that provisions should be made for rendering it effectual. For this purpose it may not be improper to require that every direction for the publication of banns, should specify the ages of the parties, their particular habitation, their parentage and other proper requis; tes; and that some authentic testimony should be given to the Minister of the particulars certified: and that Upon marriage by licence, the documents should specify the time and place of the birth of the parties, confirmed by registers or other suitable certificates, or that the officer should have some other authentic testimony of tkeir being of the requisite age; and that all such consents as are required by law, should be registered with the other documents necessary for obtaining the licence.

The exemption of marriages in Scotland being subject to such great abuse, it would be an easy remedy to prohibit all such marriages as are at present irregular, and as such subject to punishment. This would have the effect of preventing an engagement, in the certainty of which so many interests may be involved from depending upon the precariousness of verbal evidence, and it would also prevent a party from being involved by presumptions in an engagement which it was never his intention to contract. It might be of some public benefit in facilitating the evidence of marriages after the death of the parties, if a particular part of the parish registers were appropriated to the entry of minutes of reference respecting marriages contracted elsewhere.

By an act of the Irish Parliament, 9 Geo. IL c. 11. marriages are prohibited of minors, without the consent, in writing, of the father or guardian, or in case no guardian is appointed, of the Lard Chancellor, if either of the parties is entitled to a real estate of the value of 100/. per annum, or a personal estate of the value of 500/.—or if either of the parents of the minor is entitled to a real estate of the value of 100/. per annum, or a personal estate of the value of 2000L; —but if no suit is instituted by the father or guardian, or a person appointed by the Lord Chancellor, for the purpose of annulling the marriage, within one year after it a contracted, it is to be deemed good. By stat. 23 Geo. 11. Cr 10. Ir. provisions are made for the removal of certain difficulties with respect to such sutab—See I Gabb, 404 *

Vol. I,

M

Marriage.

[Parti.

No. VI.

13 Geo. III. c. 11.

Ho descendant of Geo. II. (other than, me,) capable of contracting Matrimony without content, &c.

Persona who shall wiUully assist, Ac. c. incur the Penalties provided by M Rich. II.

[No. VI.] 12 Geo. III. c. 11.—An Act for the better

regulating the future Marriages of the Royal Family.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 WHEREAS your Majesty, from your paternal affection to your own family and from your royal concern for the future welfare of your people and the honour and dignity of your crown, was graciously pleased to recommend to your parliament to take into their serious cunsidentr tion. Whether it might not be wise and expedient to supply the defect of the* laws now in being, and by some new provision, more effectually to guard the descendants of his late Majesty King George the Second 4 (other than the issue of Princesses who have married or may hereafter marry into foreign families) from marrying without die approbation of your majesty your heirs or successors first had and obtained; we nave taken this weighty matter into our serious consideration; and being sensible that Marriages in the Royal Family are of the highest importance to the State, and that therefore the Kings of this Realm have ever been entrusted with the care and approbation thereof; and being thoroughly convinced of the wisdom and expediency of what your Majesty has thought fit to recommend upon this occasion, we your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects the Lords Spiritual and Temr poral and Commons in this present parliament assembled, do humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; ’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament, assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no descendant of the body of his late Majesty King George the Second, male or female, (other than the issue of Princesses who have married or may hereafter marry into foreign families) shall be capable of contracting Matrimony without the previous t»nscnt of his Majesty his heirs or successors signified under the Great Seal, and declared in Council (which consent to preserve the memory thereof is hereby directed to be set out in the licence and register of Marriage and to be entered in the books of the Privy Council); and that every Marriage or Matrimonial Contract of any such descendant without such consent first had and obtained, shall be null and void to all iutents and purposes whatsoever.

II. Provided always ana be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any such descendant of the body of his late Majesty King George the Second, being above the age of twenty-five years, shall persist in his or her resolution to contract a Marriage disapproved of or dissented from by the King his heirs or successors; that then such descendant upon giving notice to the King’s Privy Council, which notice is hereby directed to be entered in the books thereof, may at any time from the expiration of twelve calendar months alter such notice given to the Privy Council as aforesaid, contract such Marriage; arid his or her Marriage with the person before proposed and rejected may be duly solemnized without the previous consent of his Majesty his heirs or successors; and such Marriage shall be good as if this Act had never been made, unless both Houses of Parliament shall before the expiration of the said twelve months expressly declare their disapprobation of such intended Marriage.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person who shall knowingly or wilfully presume to solemnize or to assist or to be present at the celebration of any Marriage with any such descendant, or at his or her making any Matrimonial Contract without such consent as aforesaid first had and obtained, except in lhe case above mentioned, shall, being duly convicted thereof, incur and sutler the pains ai d penalties ordained and provided by the Statute of Provision and Pre-munire made in the sixteenth year of the reign of Ricuard the Second.

[No, VII.] 44 Geo. III. c. 77-—An Act to render valid

certain Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and publick Chapels in which Banns had not>(^i^'been

Class ID.]

published before or at the time of passing an Act, made No. VO. in the Twenty-sixth year of the Reign of his late Geo. Ill* Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for c- ff* the better preventing of Clandestine Marriages. — [\4th July,

1804.]

41VU EREAS, since the making of an Act passed in the twenty-sixth 26 Gee. II year of the reign of his late Majesty King Georgs the Second, «• 33 *

4 intituled An Act for the better preventing of Clandestine Marriages; and 2*9e0* " *

* also of an Act passed in the twenty-first year of the reign of his present c *

* Majesty, intituled An Act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and publick Chapels which Bonne had not usually been published before or at the time of passing an Act made in the twenty-sixth year of King George the Second, intituled 1 An Act for the better prevent* 4ng (1J Clandestine Marriages, ' divers churches and chapels have been erected and built within that part of Great Britain called England, Wales,

4 and town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, which have been duly consecrated, and divers Marriages have been solemnized therein since the passing of thefeaid

* last mentioned Act; but, by reason that in such churches and chapels banns of matrimony had not usually been published before or at the time of passing the said-first mentioned Act, such Marriages have been

* or may be deemed to be void: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lorcls Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all Marriages already solemnized, or to be Marriage* solemnized before the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight Churches or hundred and five, in any church or publick chapel in that part of Great

be as good and valid in law a* if such Marriages had been solemnized in parish churches or publick chapels having chapelries anne xed, and w he rein banns had usually been published before or at the time of parsing the said last mentioned Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all Parsons Ministers hav-Vicars Ministers and Curates who before the said twenty-fifth day of March ing solemnized one thousand eight hundred and five, shall have solemnized any of the such Marriages Marriages which are hereby enacted to be valid in law, shall be and they indemnified, are hereby indemnified against the penalties indicted by die said Act of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his said late Majesty King George the

Second, upon persons who shall solemnize Marriages in any other place than a church or publick chapel in which banns had been usually published before or at the time of passing the said la>t mentioned Act.

III. And be it furthtgr enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Registers of registers of Marriages solemnized or to be solemnized in the said churches such Marriages or chapels, which are hereby enacted to be valid in law, or copies thereof, be feeeir-shali be.received in all courts of law and equity as evidence of such Mar- u Evidence, riages, in the same manner as the regisers of Mirh Marriages solemnized

In parish churches or publick chapels in which banns were usually published before or at the time of passing the said Act of the twenty sixth year of the reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second or copies thereof, are received in evidence:Provided nevertheless, that in all such courts the same objection? shall be available to the receiving such register* or copies in evidence, as would have been available to the receiving the same as evidence, if such registers or copies had related to marriages mentioned in such last mentioned parish churches or publick chapels as aforesaid.

the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five. Chapels, shaft be removed to the parish church of the parish in which such chapel shall be removed to


Parish Churches adjoining

154 Marriage. [Part I.

No VII. be situated, and in case such chapel shall be situated in an extra-parochial - place, then to the parish church next adjoining to such extra-parochial 44 GeO. III. piace> to be kept with the marriage registers of* such parish, and in like c. 71. mnnnar oc naruh pptTKtprc atp Hirpptwl to he kent. hv the said Act of the

place, TO ue IMTJM. me mauiogc BUv» p., <-manner as parish registers are directed to be kept by the said Act of the twenty-sixtn year of the reign of his said late Majesty King George the

Second.

48 Geo. III. c. 127.

Registers of Marriages so solemnized in 'Chapels shall be removed to Pariah Church, fcs, dec. and thence/transmitted to the Bishop.

[No. VIII.] 48 Geo. III. c. 127-—An Act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and publick Chapels in which Banns had not usually been published before or at the time of passing an Act made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of Clandestine Marriages. — [30th June, 1808.]

" Recital of Acts, 26 G. II. c. 33; 21 G. Ill. c. 53; 44 G. Ill. c. 77; " Marriages solemnized before August 23, 1808, in any church or chapel " in England Wales or Berwick, duly consecrated, declared valid, § 1, — " Ministers who shall have solemnized such Marriages indemnified against " penalties under 26 G. II. c. 33. § 2.—Registers of such Marriages shall "be received in evidence, '! 3.—

[" See 44 G. III. c. 77. § 1, 2, 3."]

IV. VND be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the registers of all marriages solemnized in any publick chapels which are hereby enacted to be valid in law, shall, within thirty aays next after the twenty-third day of August, one thousand eight hundred ami eight, be removed to the parish church of the parish in which such chapel shall be situated; and in case such chapel shall be situated in an extra-parochial place then to the parish chorea next adjoining to such extra-parochial place, to be kept with the marriage registers of such parish and in like manner as parish registers arc directed to be kept by the said recited Act made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, and within twelve months after the removal of such registers to such parish churches respectively, two copies thereof respectively shall he transmitted by the respective churchwardens of such parishes to the Bishop of the diocese, or his chancellor, subscribed by the hands of the minister and churchwardens of such parishes respectively, to the end that the same may be faithfully preserved in the registry of the said Bishop.

[No. IX.] 51 Geo. III. c. 37.—An Act further to prevent

the Marriage of Lunatics. — [31$f May, 1811.]

51 G. III. c. 37. ^WHEREAS an Act was made in the Parliament of Great Britain, in the fifteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second to prevent the marriage of lunatics: And whereas it is expedient that the provisions of the said Act should be extended to Ireland; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the expiration of ten days after the passing of this Act, in case any person who has been or at any time hereafter shall be rving before de- foun(j a lunatic, ny any inquisition taken or to be taken by virtue of a dared une. commission under the great seal of Great Britain, or the great seal of Ireland respectively, or any lunatic or person under a phrenzy, whose person and estate by virtue of any Act of Parliament now or hereafter snail be committed to the care and custody of particular trustees, shall marry before he or she shall be declared of sane mind by the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain or Ireland, or the Lord Keeper or Lords CoxnPersont found Lunatic mardared sane, Marriage to be void.

Class III.] Marriage. 166

missioners of the great seal of Great Britain or Ireland for the time being, No. IX. or such trustees as aforesaid, or the major part of them respectively, as, p Tf- % the nature of the case shall require, every such marriage shall be and is 'jeo#

hereby declared to be null and void to all intents and purposes what* c. 37.

soever.

[No. X.] 58 Geo. III. c. 81.—An Act for extending to 30.

that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, cer- . J

tain Provisions of the Parliament of Great Britain, in j

relation to Executors under the Age of Twenty-one *

Years, and to Matrimonial Contracts. — [5f/i June 1818.]. . '

III. AND be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in no 58G.IILc. 81.’ca^e whatsoever shall any suit or proceeding be had in any No proceeding Ecclesiastical Court of that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, to compel a ce-in order to compel a celebration of any Marriage in facie eccletia, by hbration of reason of any contract of matrimony whatsoever, whether per verba de presenti, or per verba de fvturo, which shall be entered into after the f*1* J^celettf end and expiration of ten days next after the passing of this Act; any y^ea8°n0 law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding. con nc

[No. XI.] 58 Geo. III. c.84.—An Act to remove Doubts

as to the Validity of certain Marriages had and solemnized within the British Territories in India. — [5th June 1818.]

1 TVHEltEAS doubts have arisen concerning the validity of Marriages 58 G. III. c. 84.

* which have been had and solemnized within the British territories in India, by ordained ministers of the Church of Scotland as by law established: and whereas it is expedient that such doubts should be quieted, and that the law respecting such Marriages should be dc- clared for the future; * be it declared and cnacied; and it is hereby declared and enacted, by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and

with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal \ eg ' \ and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, 'and by the au- 1

thority of the same, That all Marriages heretofore had and solem- in(j, a before ' nized, or which shall be had and solemnized, within the said territories 3jst Dec# by in India, before the thirty-first day of December now next ensuing, by Ministers of 1 ordained Ministers of the Church of Scotland as by law established, the Church of shall he, and shall be adjudged esteemed and taken to have been, and to Scotland to be* be, of the same and no other force and effect as if such Marriages had of the same been had and solemnized by Clergymen of the Church of England, ac- force as if so-cording to the rites and ceremonies of the Church of England; and that lemnixed by from and after the said thirty-first day of December now next ensuing, all Clergymen of Marriages between persons, both or one of such persons being members Church of or member of or holding communion with the Church of Scotland, and England; and making a declaration to the effect hereinafter mentioned, which Marriages •^e"

shall be had and solemnized within the British territories in India by or- between^mT dained Ministers of the Church of Scotland as by law established, and gong of xha " appointed by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to church of the East Indies to officiate as Chaplains within the said territories, shall Scotland by be, and shall he adjudged esteemed and taken to be, of the same and no Ministers of other force and effect as if such Marriages were had and solemnized by that Qommu« Clergymen of the Church of England, according to the rites and cere- nion, and ap~ monies of the Church of England: Provided always, that from and after pointed by the the said thirty-first day of December, no such Marriage as aforesaid shall Eist India . be had and solemnized till both or one of such persons, as the case may Company, to j be, shall have signed a declaration in writing, in duplicate, stating that be valid, they, or he or she, as the case may be, are or is members or member of Declaration10 or holding communion with the Church of Scotland by law esfjablisJigdQ A* "I. b7

Miniates diaU cettifythe Mar-wget an *

shaHdefiver Duplicate of the Certificate to the Partjr, nd transmit another to the Ssctauncf the liwrfnsy.

Marriage. [fturi 1.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Minister by whom such Marriage shall he solemnized, shall immediately upon the solemnization thereof certify such Marriage by a writing under his hand in duplicate, subjoined to or indorsed upon the declaration m duplicate hereinbefore mentioned, specifying in such certificate the names and descriptions of the parties between whom and of the witnesses in whose presence the said Marriage has been had and solemnized, and the time and place of the celebration of the same; and such certificate in duplicate shall be also signed forthwith by the parties entering into such Marriage, and by the witnesses to the same; and the Minister officiating shall deliver one duplicate of such declaration and certificate to the persons married, or to one of them, and shall transmit the other duplicate of such declaration and certificate to the Chief Secretary of Government at the Presidency within which such Marriage shall have' been had and solemnized.

f No* XII.] 1 Ge6. IV. c. 101.—An Act to enable the

Examination of Witnesses to be taken in fndia in support of Bills of Divorce on account of Adultery committed in India. — [24th July 1820.]

4G.1V.C.101.

Speaker may enue bit Warrant forth* eramiaaiton *f Witaesmw India iactm efSfflsef Oueome.

fudfemiafa ox* seceipC of

WHEREAS much inconvenience hath arisen to his Majesty’s subjects 1 residing in India, and petitioning either House of Parliament for

Bills for the dissolution of Marriages by reason of acts of Adultery committed in India, from the difficulty of producing in England the

* evidence necessary to substantiate the allegations ot such Bills: And whereas by reason of the religious scruples of several«of the natives of

* India, it is impossible to prevail upon them to come to England for the

* purpose of being examined as witnesses at the bar of either House of

* Parliament: And whereas for remedy of the said inconvenience, it is

* expedient that provision shall be made for examining witnesses in India, and for duly transmitting their depositions to suen Houses of Parliament:’ Be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That whensoever and as often as either House of Parliament, upon the petition of any party praying for a Bill for the dissolution of any marriage, and stating that the witnesses necessary to substantiate the allegations of such Bill are resident in India, shall see cause to direct that the examinations of such witnesses shall be taken in India* the Speaker of such House of Parliament shall thereupon issue his warrant or warrants to the Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature of the presidency of Calcutta, the Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature of the presidency of Madras* the Recorder of the presidency of Bombay* or the Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature of the island of Cojlon respectively, accordingly as the witnesses proposed to be examined snail be resident within any one or more of the said presidencies, or the said island, for the examination upon oath of all such witnesses as shall be produced before them touching the allegations of such Bill, and touching any notices or other matters which shall in such warrant be specified; and that in all cases where such warrants shall be so issued, duplicates of such warrants, together with copies of such Bill, shall be transmitted by different ships, at the desire of the agent of the party or parties soliciting such Bill, to the persons to whom such warrants shall be directed.

II. And be it enacted, That in all cases immediately upon the receipt of such warrant or warrants, the Judges or Recorder to whom the same shall have been directed, shall appoint some time or times with all convenient speed for the examination of witnesses, and receiving other proofs touching the allegations of such Bill; and in opposition thereto and touching such notices and other matters as shall in such warrant have been specified, and in the meantime shall cause such public notice

V

Class 111.] .

to be given of such examination, and shall issue such summons or other process as may be requisite for the attendance of witnesses, and of the agents or counsel of aft or any of the parties respectively, and of such other witnesses as after mentioned, and to adjourn from time to time as occasion may require; and such examinations as aforesaid shall be then and there openly and publicly taken vivd voce upon the respective oaths of witnesses, and the oaths of skilful interpreters, administered according to the forms of their several religions, and shall, by some sworn officer of the Court, be reduced into writing, and that two copies thereof shall be made; and that the Judges or Recorder before whom such examination shall have been taken, shall certify the same under the official seal of their several Courts, together with a declaration of such Judges or Recorder, that such examinations have in their or his judgment been fairly and properly conducted, and that all such witnesses had been produced as were fit to be produced, for the purpose of ascertaining the whole truth, so far as the attendance of such witnesses could be reasonably obtained; and shall transmit the same by different ships to the Speaker of either House of Parliament under whose warrant such examinations shall have been taken; and every such examination so returned to the Speaker of either House of Parliament as aforesaid, shall be eomgstent and admissible evidence, and shall be allowed and read in both ouses of Parliament, or either of them respectively, as occasion may require; any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Judges or Recorder, upon any such examination, to ask any such questions of any witness who shall be produced before them or him, and to require such further witnesses resident within such presidency or island respectively to be produced, as shall appear fit and necessary for the due investigation of the allegations of such Bill, or of any other matters in such warrants specified; and to allow such attendance by counsel, and such cross-examination of witnesses as shall be deemed by such Judges and Recorder to be fit and proper for the purpose of such investigation, and for such purpose, if necessary, to name some proper person or persons to attend as counsel and agent in opposition to such Bill, and to procure any evidence which may be necessary for the purpose of such opposition, to the end that a full and fair disclosure may be made of all the facts and circumstances of the case.

IV. And whereas by the usage and custom of Parliament, no proceedings by Bill in Parliament have continuance from one session to another: And whereas it would be impracticable that the examination taken upon such warrant as aforesaid could ever be returned within the ordinary length of a session of Parliament; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act no proceedings in Parliament touching any bill for the dissolution of Marriage wherein such warrant as aforesaid shall have been issued, shall be discontinued by any prorogation or dissolution of Parliament, until the examination therein directed shall have been returned, but that such proceedings may be resumed and proceeded upon in a subsequent session, or in a subsequent Parliament in either House of Parliament, in like manner and to all intents and pqxpoces as they might have been in the course of one and the same session; any law usage or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

167

No. XIII.

3. Geo. IV.

c-75.

Two Copies of such Examinations to be certified and transmitted to the Speaker of either House of Parliament.

Judges may ask such further questions and require such further Witnesses to be produced as shall be necessary.

Proceedings not to be discontinued by Prorogation^ c. of Parliament, where such Warrants have been issued.

[No. XIII.] 3 Geo. IV. c. 75.—An Act to amend certain Provisions of the twenty-sixth of George the Second, for the better preventing of Clandestine Marriages.—

[22d July 1822.]

WHEREAS it is, amongst other tilings, provided, by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better preventing of Clandestine Mar- 26 G. 2._c, 33. riuges, that all Marriages solemnized by licence after the twenty-fifth da^o^Oi March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, where either of the parties Vol. I. M *

187 a Ko. XIII. 5 Geo. IV.

c. 75. VSSs

Certain Parts of 26 0.2. relating to Content, repealed. Marriages solemnized by Licences without Consent as required by recited Act, &c. if not otherwise invalid, shall be deemed good.

Act not to render valid any Marriage declared invalid by any Court ' competent* This Act not to render anyMar-riage valid, the Invalidity of which has been established cm Trial.

Not to render valid any Marriage, the Vali dity of which, or the Legitimacy of - Children, has beenhrought into question, &c.

Property or Title of . Honour on the Ground of Invalidity of Marriage not affected by this Act.

Not to affect any thing done under the authority of any 't, See.

Marriage. [Part I.

(not being a widower or a widow) shall be under the fcge of twenty-orte years, which shall be had without the consent of the father of such of the parties so under age (if then living) first had and obtained, or If dead, of the guardian or guanJidns of the person of the party so utlder age, lawfully appointed, or one of them, and in case there snail be tto such guardian or guardians, theh of the mother (if living and unmarried), or if there shall be tlo mother living and unmatried, thfen of a guardian or guardians of the person appointed by the Court bf Chancery, shall be absolutely null and void, to all Intents and purposes whatsoever: And whereas great evils and injustice have arisen from such provisions:For remedy hereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, lliat so much of the said statute as is herein-before recited, as far as the same relates to kny Marriage to be hereafter solemnized. Shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That in all eases of Marriage Had and solemnized by licence before the passing Of this Act, without any such consent as is required by SO much of the Said Statute as Is hereinbefore recited, and where the parties shall have continued to live together as husband and wife, till the death of bhfe of them* or till the passing of this Act, or shall only have discontinued their cohabitation for the purpose, or during the pending of any proceedings touching the validity of such Marriage, Such Marriage, if not otherwise invalid, shall be deemed to be good and valid to all intents and purposes Whatsoever.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to render valid any Marriage declared invalid by any Court of competent Jurisdiction, before the passing of this Act, nor any Marriage where either of the parties shall at any time afterwards, during the life of the other party, have lawfully intermarried with any other person.

IV. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall be taken or deemed to render any Marriage valid, the invalidity of which has been establ:shed before the passing of this Act, trpbn the trial of any Issue touching its validity, or touching the legitimacy of any person alleged to be the descendant of the parties to such Marriage.

V. Provided also, That nothin; in this Act contained shall be taken or deemed to render valid any Marriage, the validity of which, or the legitimacy of any person alleged to be the lawful descendant of the parlies married, has been duly hroujiht into question in proceedings in any causes or suits in law or equity In which judgments or decrees or orders of Court have been pronounced or made, before the passing of this Act, in consequence of or farm the effect of proof in evidence having been made in such causes or suits or the invalidity of Such Marriage, or the illegitimacy of such descendant.

vl. Provided furl lifer, And be it further enacted, That if at any Hlhe before the passing of this Act any property, real of personal, has bfefen in any hlatiner possessed, Of any title of honour has been m any.mahner enjoyed by any person or persons whomsoever, upon the ground, or upon the pretence, or under colour of the invalidity of any Marriage, by reason that it was had and solemnized without such consent aa aforesaid, then and in such case, although rto sentence or judgment has been prononnafcd in any Court against the validity Of such Marriage, the right and interest in such property or title of honour shall in no manner be affected or prejudiced by this Act, or any thing* herein contained, hut shall remain and be the same to all persons, and to all intents and purposes, as if this Act had never been made.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or he construed to extend to affect or call in question any Act done before the passing of th^ ApJtdun@*(^|3authority of any Court, or in the administration of any personal estate or> effects,

Marriage. 167 A

or testament, or the performance of No. XIII.

3 Geo. IV.

Clast III.]

or the execution of an; will any trust

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no licence for any Marriage shall, from and after tine first day of September in the year of our Lord one thousand night hundred and twenty-two, be granted by any person having authority t§ grant the same, until oath shall have been made by the per* sons ana to the affect required by this Act; and if such licence shall be required for the Marriage of parties, both or either of whom shall be alleged to be of the'age of twenty-one years, such parties shall respectively make oath, that they are respectively, and that each of them believes the other to be, of the full age of twenty-one years or upwards; and if both parties shall be under the age of twenty-one years, but shall be alleged to be a widower and widow, then each of such parties shall make oath accordingly, as to himself aad herself, and is to his and her belief with respect to the other party; and if one of the parties shah be of the age of twenty-one years, but the other party shall be under that age, and a widower or widow, both parties shall make oath accordingly, as to himself and herself, and as t? his and her belief with respect to the other party; and if both or either of the parties shall be under the age of twenty one years, not being a widower or widow, both of such parties shall make oath accordingly, as lo himself aad herself, and as to his aad her belief with respect to the other party; and in such cam both parties shall also make oath that the person or persons whose consent shall be required by law so the Marriage of such parties has been given, and has been signified in the manner required by this Act; and if both or either of the parties shall be alleged to be of the ace of twenty-one yrara, such licence shall not be granted until there shall be produced, tn the person for whom such licence shall be required, an extract or extracts from the register of the baptism of such parties or party so alleged* to be of the age of twemy-one years, if tueii register shall be in ftsgkinrf, and cam be found; and each of such extracts shall be proved upon oath.

c. 75.

No Licence to be granted till Oath be made to the Effect herein mentioned.

to folate to the baptism of the party to whom the same shall be alleged to relate^ or according to the belief of the person making such oath; but if such register shall not be in Emgimml, or cannot be found, then such licence shall not be granted, unless such fact shall be proved upon oath to the satisfaction of the person from whom such licence shall be sought, and unless some person or persons, having knowledge of the party or patties so alleged to be of the full age ot twenty-one years, shall make oath of the feet that such party or parties is or aft of that age to the knowledge or belief of such person or persons so making oath as aforesaid, stating the grounds for such knowledge or belief; and in all cases, except esses of special licences to be granted by the Archbishop of Os-terinay and his officers, according to the proviso for that purpose in the said Act of the twenty-sixth year of King George the Second, oath shall also be made, by each of the parties for whose Marriage a licence shall be sought, of the residence of such parties tor die space of four weeks immediately before the granting of such licence, according to the said Act o£ twenty-sixth year of King George the Second.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said first day of September, the conscqt of any person or persons whose consent shall be required by law to the Marriage of auy person under the age of twenty-one years, not being a widower or widow, shall be signified in wi lling, signed by such person or persons, and the signature thereto shall & attested by two or more witnesses, who shall subscribe their names to-an attestation of such signature; and such ootisent shall fully describe the person or persons giving such consent, and shall state whether such person or persons shall be authorised to give such consent as lawful parent or as lawful guardian or guardians of the party to whose Marriage such consent shall be given; and no licence shall be granted, from and alter the first day of September, for the Marriage of auy person under the age of twenty-one years, not being a widower or widow, unless such consent in writing shall be delivered to the person from whom such licence shall be

Consent of Ps rents or Guardians shall be given in Writing, signed in the presence of two Witnesses, &c.

167 c No. XIII. 3 Geo. IV. c. 75.

Oaths to be taken before a Surrogate.

Punishment for false-swearing, or obtaining Licence on false Oath, &c.

Oaths to be preserved by the proper Officer.

Licences shall state the Facts on which granted.

Marriage. [Part I.

sought, and unless one of the witnesses to the signing of such consent shall make oath that he or she saw such consent signed by the person or persons who shall appear to have sigued the same, and also saw the other witness to the attestation of such signature sign such attestation, and that the names of such persons so subscribed to such consent, and attesting the signature thereof, are of the proper handwriting of such persons respectively; and some person, not being one of the parties for whose Marriage such licence shall be sought, shall also make oath that the person or persons, who shall have signed such consent as lawful parent or lawful guardian or guardians of the party to whose Marriage such consent shall be required, is or are, to the best of his or her knowledge and belief, the lawful parent or lawful guardian or guardians of such party, and has or have authority to give such consent, and that the

Serson making such oath well knows such parent or guardian or guar-ians, and also the party to whose Marriage such consent shall be required.

X. And be it further enacted, That all such oaths as are required by this Act for the purpose of obtaining any licence shall be respectively sworn and taken before a surrogate of the person from whom any such licence as aforesaid shall be sought, or before a surrogate of some other person having power to grant licences of Marriage; and if any person or persons in any oath to he made and taken in pursuance of this Act, for the purpose of obtaining any licence of Marriage, shall knowingly and wilfully swear any matter or thing which shall be false or untrue, every person so offending shall, on conviction thereof, be deemed guilty of perjury, and shall suffer the like pains and penalties, and incur the same disabilities, as persons guilty of wilful ana corrupt perjury are subject to and incur; ana if any person shall knowingly ana wilfully obtain any licence for the Marriage of such person, or of any other person, by means of any false oath, or by means of any false instrument in writing, contrary to the provisions of this Act, knowing such oath or instrument to be false, such person being thereof convicted by due course of law, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall be liable to transportation for life as a felon; and if the person convicted of such offence shall be one of the persons who shall nave contracted Marriage by means of such licence, such person shall forfeit and lose to the King’s Majesty all estate, right, title, interest, benefit, profit, and advantage, which such person may derive from or be entitled to by virtue of such Marriage, and such forfeiture shall and may be disposed of in such manner as to His Majesty shall seem fit; any grant or forfeitures or other matter or thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the oaths and instruments required by this Act for the purpose of obtaining any such licence as aforesaid, shall be duly preserved by the proper officer or officers of the person authorized by law to grant such licence, and shall for that purpose be transmitted by the officer from whom any such licence shall f>e obtained, to the Registrar of the diocese within which such licence shall be granted, within ten days after such licence shall have been granted, together with a copy of the licence so granted, and shall be there filed and preserved; and the Registrar of such diocese shall cause an entry to be made of such licence, and of the several instruments on faith whereof such licence shall have been granted, in a calendar to be kept for such purpose, so that the copy of such licence, and such several instruments on faith whereof such licence shall have been granted, may be easily found and resorted to; and all persons shall be at liberty to inspect such calendar and such copy of licence, and all such other instruments as aforesaid, at all seasonable times.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in every licence for the solemnization of any Marriage, which shall be granted after the said first day of September, the facts on which such licence shall have been founded shall be stated, and it shall also be stated that such facts have been fully proved as required by this Act.

Class III.] Marriage. 167 d

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any officer of any person No. XIII. authorized by law to grant any such licence shall not duly observe qco jy all the provisions contained in this Act respecting such licence, such *

officer shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and being thereof c *

duly convicted, shall suffer all 'the penalties and punishment which may be inflicted by law on a person guilty of a misdemeanor. Officer granting

Licences, not duly observing the Provisions of this Act, guilty of Misdemeanor.

XIV; And be it further enacted, That no person shall, from and after With whom the passing of this Act, be deemed authorized by law to grant any the Power of licence for the solemuization of any Marriage, except the Archbishops granting Li-of Canterbury and York, according to the rights now vested in them cences lies, respectively, and except the several other Bishops within their respective dioceses, for the Marriage of persons one of whom shall be resiaent at the time within the diocese of the Bishop in whose name such licence shall be granted, such residence to be proved in manner herein-before directed; and such Archbishops and Bishops shall make such orders and regulations for the observance of their respective officers within their respective jurisdictions, as they shall deem necessary for the more effectual performance of the duties of their several officers within the true intent and meaning of this Act; and if any such officer shall not duly observe all such orders and regulations, such officer shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be subject to punishment as guilty of a misdemeanor.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after the so- Marriage byLi-lemnization of any Marriage by licence, it shall not be lawful to impeach cence not to be or invalidate any such Marriage, on the ground that any of the forms impeached on necessary to entitle parlies to receive a licence as herein-before enacted the Ground of have been neglected, or have been executed in a manner different from Informality, what is herein-before required.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That before the publication of banns Before Publica-of Matrimony in any church or chapel, pursuant to the provisions for tion of Banna, that purpose in the said Act of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of His Affidavit aa to said late Majesty King George the Second, there shall be delivered to the

proper Minister of the said church or chapel an affidavit or affidavits in °e writing, sworn before such Minister or one of His Majesty’s Justices of the

the Peace, by the parties for whose Marriage such banns shall be required to be published, stating truly the Christian and surnames of such parties respectively, and the house or houses of their respective abode within suen parish or cbapelry, or within an extra-parochial place adjoining to such parish or cbapelry, if both shall abide therein, or of one of such parties if one only shall abide therein, and the time during which such parties respectively, or one of them, if one only shall aoide therein, shall have dwelt in such house or houses, as occupier or occupiers thereof, or as lodger or lodgers therein; and such affidavit or affidavits shall also state, either that both the parties for whose Marriage such banns shall be required to be published have attained the age of twenty-one years, or if both of them shall be under such age, then such affidavit shall state that both of them are under such age, and if one of them only shall be under such age, then such affidavit shall state that such party is under such age; and affidavit or affidavits shall be delivered to such Minister before the publication of such banns; and in case any person shall in any such affidavit wilfully swear falsely in any matter contained therein, such person shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury, and being thereof convicted by due course of law, shall suffer the pains and penalties of wilful and corrupt perjury, and shall forfeit ana lose to the King’s Majesty all estate, benefit, profit, and advantage which such person shall derive from the Marriage of such person in consequence of the publication of banns of Matrimony in pursuance of such affidavit, to be disposed of by His Majesty as he shall see fit; any grant of forfeitures or other ntatter or thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That such banns shall noti be pub- Before Publication, Banns shall be affixed on the Principal Door of the Church.

167 e No. XlH. 3 Geo. IV. c. 75.

Affidavits to be delivered over to the Churchwardens.

After Solemnisation of Marriage under Banns, proof of Affidavit having been made not necessary in support of Marriage, nor shall false nemos. Ice. invalidate the

Vmiago.

V

Re-publication of Banns necessary, if Marriage be not solemnized within three Months;

Commencement of the Act.

If Marriages by

Licence be not solemnized within Three Months, new Licences to be obtained.

Not to extend to the Royal Family.

Not to extend to Marriages among Quakers or Jews.

Act to be read in Churches, &c. at certain times.

Marriage. [Part I.

lished until the true Christian end surnames of the said persons, and the house or houses of their respective abodes within such parish or chapeIry or extra-parochial place as aforesaid, as stAted in such affidavit, shall be affixed on the principal door of the church or chapel, and in some conspicuous place within die said church or chapel, in which such banns shall be published as aforesaid, and shall remain so affixed until the expiration of the three Sundays on which such banns shall be published.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Minister to whom any such affidavit shall he delivered, for the purpose of obtaining the publication of banns of Matrimony, shall deliver such affidavit to the churchwarden or chapelwarden of the church or chapel in which such banns shall be published, and the same shall be deposited by such churchwarden or chapelwarden in a chest to be provided for that purpose, and kept in the church or chapel in which such banns shall be published.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after the solemnization of any Marriage, under a publication of banns, it shall not be necessary, in support of such Marriage, to give any proof of any such affidavit, nor shall any evidence be received to prove that such affidavit was not made and delivered as required by this Act, in any suit touching the validity of such Marriage; nor shall such Marriage be avoided for want of or by reason of any defect in any such affidavit, or on account of the true name or names of either party not being used in the publication of such banns, or for such name or names not having been affixed as aforesaid; but it shall be lawful in support of such Marriage to giye evidence, that the persons who were actually married by the names specified in such publication of banns were so married, and such Marriage shall be deemed good and valid to all intents and purposes, not* withstanding fabe names, or a false name, asumed by both or either of the said parties in the publication of such banns, or at the time of the solemnization of such Marriage.

XX. And be it further enacted, That whenever a Marriage shall not be had within three months after the complete publication of banns, no Minister shall proceed to the solemnization of the same until the banns shall have been re-published on three several Sundays, in the form and manner prescribed in this Act and in the said recited Act of the twenty-sixth of George the Second, or by licence duly obtained according to the provisions of this Act,

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the clauses and provisions in this Act, touching the publication of banns of Matrimony, and touching Marriages solemnized by such banns, shall commence and liavc effect on and alter the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, and not before.

XXII. And be it also enacted, That whenever a Marriage shall not be had within three months after the grant of a licence by any Archbishop, Bishop, or any Ordinary or pejson having authority to grant such licence, no Minister snail proceed to the solemnization of Marnage until a new licence shall have been obtained, or by banns duly published according tp the provisions of this Act.

XXIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to the Marriage of any of the Royal Family.

XXIV. Provided likewise, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to any Marriages amongst the people called Quakers, or amongst the people professing the Jewish Religion, where both the parties to any such Marriage shall be of the people called Quakers, or persons professing the Jewish Religion respectively, nor to any Marriages solemnized beyond the seas

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be publicly read in all churches and public cbanels, by the Parson, Vicar, Minister, or Curate of the respective parishes or chapelries, on some Sunday immediately after morning prayer, or immediately after evening prayer, if there shall be no morning service on that day, in each of the months of October, November, and December, in the year of our Lord one thousand

Class 111.] Mqniqge.

eight hundred and twenty-lwo; and at the same times on three several Sundays in the year pne thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, that is to say, the Sundays next before the twenty-tilth day of March, twenty-fourth day of June, and twenty-ninih day of September.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall extend only to that part of the kingdom called England.

167/

No. XV.

4 Ueo- IV. c. 67Act (9 extend only to England.

[{Jo. XIV, ] 4 G<eo. IV. c. 5. An Act to render valid certain Marriage*. — [7*-U March 1823.]

TyilEREAS by an Act passed in the third year of the reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend certain Provisions of the lwenty-xirtli of George the Second, for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages, jt is amongst other things enacted, that no person shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be deemeq authorized by law to grant any licence for the solemnization of any Marriage, except the Archbishops of Canterbmy and York, according to the rights now vested in them, and except the several other Bishops within their respective dioceses, tor the Marriage of persons onp of whorq shall be resident at the time within the diocese of the Bishop in whose name such licence shall be granted: And whereas, notwithstanding such enactment, divers Licences for Marriage have, through error, been granted since the passing of the said Act by or in the name of bodies corporate or persons, fnejr officers or surrogates, other than the said Archbishops and Bishops, which bodies corporate or persons, their officers or surrogates, before the passing of the said Act, were or were deemed to be authorized by law to grant such licences; and divers persons have been married by virtue or m consequence of licences so granted, the validity of which marriages is affected by the enactfiient aforesaid:And whereas it is expedient to remedy the s^trne: Be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal! and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every Marriages and Marriage solemnized by virtue or in consequence of a lipence granted after the passing of the said Act of the third year of His present Majesty, and before the parsing of this Act, by or in the name of a body corporate or person, his or their officer or surrogate, other than the Archbishops of Canterbury and York, according to the rights vested in them respectively, or the several other Bishops within tbpir respective dioceses, which body corporate or pers*onf his pr their officers and surrogates, before the passing of the said Act, were or were deemed to he authorized by law to grant such licences, shall be good and valid Marriages to all intents and purposes whatsoever, ax the same would have been if the said enactment restraining the power and authority of granting such licences had not been made.

II. And be it iprther enacted, that such bodies corporate and persons as aforesaid, tljeir officers and surrogates who have granted such licences as aforesaid since the passing of the said Act, and their officers and others concerned therein, anfl such Ministers as have acted under the authority of the same, shall not be or be held to be liable to any pains or penalties, or censures respectively, for or on account of the granting or acting under the saqie.

30.4.C. 75Marriages solemnised by virtue of Licence! granted after pasting of recited Act, and before the paring of this Act by Persons authorized by Law previous to recited Act, declared valid.

Persona {n#tiag <ucb Lic-WCM sot lithUto Hepatic.

[No. XV.] 4 Geo. IV. c. 6/.—An Act to declare valid

certain Marriages that have keen solemnized at St.

Peterslmrgh since the Abolition of the British Factory there. — [fOtli July 1823.]

4 0. .e.17.

repealed.

167 g Marriage. [Part 1.

No. XVI' No. XVI.] 4 Geo. IV. c. 7&—An Act for amending the Geo. IV. Laws respecting the Solemnization of Marriages in c. 76. England. — [18th July 1823.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the laws respecting the solem-TT nization of Marriages in England; be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of November next ensuing the passing of this Act, so much of an Act passed in the twenty-sixth year or the reign of King George the 26 G. 2. c. 33. Second, intituled An Act for the better preventing of Clandestine Marriages, 4 as was in force immediately before the passing of this Act; and also an

Act passed in this present Session or Parliament, intituled An Act to repeal certain Provisions of an Act passed in the third year of Bis present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend certain Provisions of the twenty-sixth ' of George the Secondyfor the better preventing of Clandestine Marriages shall be and the same are hereby repealed; save and except as to any Acts matters or things done under die provisions of the said recited Acts, or either of them, before the first day of November, as to which the said recited Acts shall respectively be of the same force and effect as if this Act had not been made; save also and except so far as the said recited Acts, or either of them, repeal any former Act, or any clause matter or thing therein contained.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the first day of November all banns of Matrimony shall be published in an audible manner in the parish church, or in some public chapel, in which chapel banns of Matrimony may now or may hereafter be lawfully published, of or belonging to such parish or chapelry wherein the persons to be married shall dwell, according to the form of words prescribed by the Rubrick prefixed to the office of Matrimony in the Book of Common Prayer, upon three Sundays preceding the solemnization of Marriage, during die time of Morning Service, or of Evening Service (if there snail be np Morning Service in such church or chapel upon the Sundays upon which such banns shall be so published), immediately after the second lesson, and whensoever it shall happen that the persons to be married shall dwell in divers parishes or chapelries, the banns shall in like manner be published in the church or in any such chapel as aforesaid belonging to such parish or chapelry wherein each of the said persons shall dwell; and that all other the rules prescribed by the said rubrick concerning the publication of banns and the solemnization of Matrimony, and not Hereby altered, shall be duly observed; and that in all cases where banns shall have been published, the Marriage shall be solemnized in one of the parish churches or chapels where such banns shall have been published, and in no other place whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Bishop of the diocese, with the consent of the Patron and the Incumbent of the church of the parish in which ai^y public chapel, having a chapelry thereunto annexed, may be situated, or of any chapel situated in an extra-parochial place, signified to him under their hands and seals respectively, may authorize, by writing under his hand and seal, the publication of banns and the solemnization of Marriages in such chapel for persons residing within such chapelry or extra-parochial place respectively; and such consent, together with such written authority, shall be registered in the registry of the diocese.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in every chapel in respect of which such authority shall be given as aforesaid, there shall be placed in some conspicuous part of the interior of such chapel a notice in the words following; " Banns may be published and Marriages solemnized in this chapel."

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all provisions

Banns, where, when, and how published, and Marriage to be solemnized where Beans published.

Bishop, with C onsent of Patron and Incumbent, nay authorize Publication of Banns in any Public Chapel.

Notice to be placed in such Chapel.

Provisions relative to Marriage Registers extended to Chapels so authorized as aforesaid.

ized by *

Class III.] Marriage.

now in force, or which may hereafter be established by law, relative to providing and keeping Marriage registers in any parish churches, shall extend and be construed to extend to any chapel in which the publication of banns and solemnization of Marriages shall be so authorized as aforesaid in the same manner as if the same were a parish church; and every thing required by law to be done relative thereto by the churchwardens of any parish church shall be done by the chapelwarden or other officer exercising analogous duties in such chapel.

VI. And be it further enacted, That on or before the said first day of November, and from time to time afterwards as there shall be occasion, the churchwardens and chapelwardens of churches and chapels wherein Marriages are solemnized, shall provide a proper book of substantial paper, marked and ruled respectively in manner directed for the register nook of Marriages; and the banns shall be published from the said register book or banns by the officiating Minister, and not from loose papers, and after publication shall be signed by the officiating Minster, or by some person under his direction.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Parson, Vicar, Minister, or Curate shall be obliged to publish the banns of Matrimony between any persons whatsoever, unless the persons to be married shall, seven days at the least before the time required for the first publication of such banns respectively, deliver or cause to he delivered to such Parson, Vicar, Minister, or Curate, a notice in writing, dated on the day on which the same shall be so delivered, of their true Christian names and surnames, and of the house or houses of their respective abodes within such parish or chapelry as aforesaid, and of the time during1 which they have dwelt inhabited or lodged in such house or houses respectively.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no Parson, Minister, Vicar, or Curate, solemnizing marriages after the first day of November next, between persons both or one of whom shall be under the age of twenty-one years, after banns published, shall be’punishable by ecclesiastical censures for solemnizing such Marriages without consent of parents or guardians, unless such Parson, Minister, Vicar, or Curate shall have notice of the dissent of such parents or guardians; and in case such parents or guardians, or one of them, shall openly and publicly declare or cause to be declared, in the church or chapel where the banns shall be so published, at the time of such publication, his her or their dissent to such Marriage, such publication of banns shall be absolutely void.

IX. And be it further enacted, That whenever a Marriage shall not be had within three months after the complete publication of banns, no Minister shall proceed to the solemnization of the same until the banns shall have been republished on three several Sunday *, in the form and manner prescribed in this Act, unless by licence duly obtained according to the provisions of this Act.

X. And it is hereby further enacted, That no licence of Marriage shall, from and after the said first day of November, be granted by any Archbishop, Bishop, or other Ordinary or person having authority to grant such licences, to sclemnize any Marriage in any other church or cnapel than in the parish church or in some public chapel of or belonging to the parish or cnapelry within which the usual place of abode of one of the persons to be married shall have been for the space of fifteen days immediately before the granting of such licence.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any caveat he entered against the grant of any licence for a Marriage, such caveat being duly signed by or on the behalf of the person who enters the same, together with his place of residence and the ground of objection on which his caveat is founded, no licence shall issue till the said caveat, or a true copy thereof, be transmitted to the Judge out of whose office the licence is to issue, and until the Judge has certified to the register that he has examined into the

167 h

No. XVI.

4 Geo. IV. c. 76.

Book to be provided far the Registration of Banns, &c»

Notice of the Names and Place and Tune of Abode of Parties to be given to Minister Seven Days before Publication of Banns#

Ministers not punishable for marrying Minora without Consent of Parents, Ac* unless they have Notice of Dissent; if Dissent publicly declared, publication of Banns void. Republication of Banns necessary if Marriage not solemnised within Three Months. Licences to be granted to marry in the Church, Ac. c., of such Parish only wherein one of the Parties resided for fifteen Days before. Where Caveat entered no Licence to issue till matter examined by Judge.

matter of the caveat, and is satisfied that it ought not to obstruct the

MS* vjjUUvIL

167»

No. XVI.

4 Geo. IV. c. 76.

Parishes, where

do Church or Chapel, and Extra-parochial Places, deemed

to belong to any adjoining Parish, Stc.

Where Churches are demolished or under repair Banns to be proclaimed inn Church or Chapel of an adjoining Paziah,

Oath to be taken before the Surrogate as to certain particulars before Lieencs Is granted.

Bond not to be required before granting Licence.

Who arc to give consent if Parties are under Age.

Marriage. [Part I:

mat of the licence for the said Marriage, or until the caveat be withdrawn by the party who entered the same.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all parishes where there shall be do parish church or chapel belonging thereto, or none wherein divine service shall be usually solemnised every Sunday, and all extra-parochial places whatever, having no public chapel wherein banns may be lawfully published, shall be deemed and taken to belong: to any parish or chapelry next adjoining, for the purposes of this Act only; and where banns shall be published in any church or chapel of a^y parish or chapelry adjoining to any such parish or chapelry where there shall be no church or chapel, or none wherein divine service shall be solemnised as aforesaid, or to any extra-parochial place as aforesaid, the Parson, Vicar, Minister, or Curate publishing such banns shall, in writing under his hand, certify die publication thereof in the same manner as if either of the persons to be married had dwelt in such adjoining parish or chapelry.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That if the church of any parish, or dispel of any chapelry, wherein Marriages have been usually solemnised, be demolished in order to be rebuilt, or be under repair, and on such account be disused for public service, it shall be lawful for the banns to be proclaimed in a church or Chapel of any adjoining parish or chapelry in which banns are usually proclaimed, or in any place within the limits of the parish or chapelry which shall be licensed by the Bishop of the diocese for the performance of divine service during the repair or rebuilding of the church as aforesaid; and where no such place shall be so licensed, then, during such period as aforesaid, the marriage may be solemnized in the achoining church or chapel wherein the banns have been proclaimed; and ail Marriages heretofore solemnised in other places within the said parishes or chapelries than the said churches or chapels, on account of their being under repair, or taken down in order to be rebuilt, shall not be liable to have their validity questioned on that account, nor shall the Ministers who have so solemnised the same be liable to any ecclesiastical censure, or to any other proceed* ingor penalty whatsoever.

Xl V. And be it further enacted, for avoiding all fraud and collusion in obtaining of licences for Marriage, That before any such licence be granted, one of the parties shall personally swear before the Surrogate or other person having authority to grant the same, that he or she beiieveth that there is no impediment of kindred or alliance, or of any other lawful cause, nor any suit commenced in any Ecclesiastical Court, to bar or hinder the proceeding of the said matrimony according to the tenor of the said licence; and that one of the said parties hath, for the space of fifteen days immediately preceding such licence, bad his or her usual place of abode within the parish or chapelry within which spch Marriage is to be solemnized; and where either of the parties, not being a widower or widow, shall be under the age of twenty-one years, that the consent of the person or persons whose consent to such Marriage is required under the provisions of this Act has been obtained thereto: Provided always, that if there be no such person or persons having authority to give such consent, then unon oath made to that effect by the party requiring such licence, it shall be lawful to grant such licence notwithstanding the want of any such consent.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be required of any person applying for any such licence to give any caution or security, by bond or otherwise, before such licence is granted; any thing in any Act or Canon to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the father, if living, of any party under twenty-one years of age, such parties not being a widower or widow; or if the father shall ne dead, the guardian or guardians of the person of the party so under age, lawfully appointed, or one of them; and in case there shall be no such guardian or guardians, then the mother of such party, if unmarried; ana if there skull be no mother unmarried,

ClftM HI.] Marriage.

than the guardian or guardians of the person appointed by the Court of Chancery, if any, or one of them, shall have authority to give content to the Marriage of such party; and such consent is hereby required for the Marriage of such party so under age, unless there shall be no person authorized to give such consent.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the father or fathers of the parries to be married, or of one of them, so under age as aforesaid, shall be mm compos mentis, or the guardian or guardians, mother or mu* thertj or any of them whose consent is made necessary as aforesaid to the Marriage of such party or parties, shall be non compos mentis, or in parti beyond the sees, or shell unreasonably or from undue motives refuse or withhold his her or their consent to a proper Marriage, then it shall and may be lawful for any person desirous of marrying, in any of the before-mentioned cases, to apply by petition to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or the Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, Master of the Rolls, or Vice Chancellor of England^ who is and are respectively hereby empowered to proceed upon such pe* tition in a summary way; and in case the Marriage proposed shall upon examination appear to be proper, the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper* or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal for the time being, Master of the Rolls, or Vice Chancellor, shall judicially declare the same to be so; and such judicial declaration shall oe deemed and taken to be as good and effectual, to all intents and purposes, as if the father, guardian or guardians, or mother of the person so petitioning had consented to such Marriage.

XVill. Provided always, and be it enacted, That from and after the said first day of November no Surrogate hereafter to be deputed by any Ecclesiastical Judge who hath power to grant licences, shall grant aqy such licence until he hath taken an oath before the said Judge, or before a Commissioner appointed by commission under the seal of the said Judge, which commission the said Judge is hereby authorised to issue, faithfully to execute his office according to law, to the best of his knot* ledge, and hath given security by his bond in the sura of one hundred pounds to the Bishop of the diocese, for the due and faithful execution of nas said office.

XIX. And be it also enacted, That whenever a Marriage shall not be had within three months after the grant of a lioenoa by any Archbishop, Bishop, or any Ordinary or person having authority to grant such licence, no Minister snail proceed to the solmnization of such Marriage until a new licence shall nave been obtained, unless by banns duly published ao-cording to the provisions of this Act.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein* before contained shall be construed to extend to deprive the Archbishop of Canterbury and his successors, and his and their proper officers, of the right which hath hitherto been used, in virtue of a certain statute made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of the late King Henry the Eighth, intituled An Act concerning Be ter Pence and Dupentntiout, of granting special licences to marry at any convenient time or place.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall, from and after the said first day of November, solemnize matrimony in any other place than a church or such public chapel wherein banns may be lawfully published, or at any other time than between the hours of eight and twelve in the forenoon, unless by special licence from the Archbishop of Canterbury, or shall solemnize matrimony without due publication of banns, unless licence of Marriage be first had and obtained from some person or persons having authority to grant the same; or if any person,

167 k Mo. XVI.

4 Geo. IV, c. 76 *

If the Father of Minor be mmi tempos Mentis, or tfGoiMlini of Mother of Miner to ftoa compos Mentis, or beyond Sea, ft*., Psnltft may ftfptyts the Utt tarn *

Surrogate to uke Oath of Office.

deemed and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and shall be transported fot the space of fourteen years, according to the laws in force for transportation of felons; provided that all prosecutions for such felony shall

If Marriages by Licence be not solemnized within Three Months, new Licence to be obtained.

Right of Archbishop of Canterbury to grant Special Licences.

Person solemnising Marriage in any ocher place than a Church or Chapel, or without Banna or Licence, or under pretence of being in Holy Orders shall be transported. Prosecution to be commenced within Three Years.

J«7I

No. XVL 4 Geo. IV. c. 76Marriage to be void where Per* son* wilfully marry in any other place than a Church/Ac. c., or without Banna When Marriage solemnised be* tween Pardee under Age contrary to hia Act, by Mae Oath or Fraud, the guilty party to forfeit all Property accruing from the Marriage.

Marriage• [Part L

be commenced within the space of three years 'after the offence committed.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any persons shall knowingly and wilfully intermarry in any other place than a church, or such public chapel wherein banns may be lawfully published, unless by special licence as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully intermarry without due publication of banns, or licence from a person or persons having authority to grant the same first had and obtained, or shall knowingly and wilfully consent to or acquiesce in the solemnization of such Marriage by any person not being in holy orders, the Marriages of such persons shall be null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

or Licence.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any valid Marriage solemnized by licence shall, after the said first day of November next, be procured by a party to such Marriage to be solemnized between persons, one or both of whom shall be under the age of twenty-one years, not being a widower or widow, contrary to the provisions of this Act, by means of such party falsely swearing as to any matter or matters to which such party is herein-before required personally to swear, such party wilfully and knowingly so swearing; or if any valid Marriage by banns shall, after the said first day of November next, be procured by a party thereto to be solemnized by banns between persons, one or both of whom shall be under the age of twenty-one years, not being a widower or widow, such party knowing that such person as aforesaid under the age of twenty-one years had a parent or guardian then living, and that such Marriage was had without the consent of such parent or guardian, and knowing; that banns had not been duly published according to the provisions or this Act, and having knowingly caused or procured the undue publication of banns, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for His Majesty’s Attorney General (or for his Majesty's Solicitor General in case of toe vacancy of the office of Attorney General) by information in the nature of an English bill in the Court of Chancery of Court of Exchequer, at the relation of a parent or guardian of the minor, whose consent has not been given to suen Marriage, and who shall be responsible for any costs incurred in such suit, such parent or guardian previously making oath as is herein-after required, to sue for a forfeiture of all estate, right, title, and interest in any property which hath accrued or shall accrue to the party so offending by force of such Marriage; and such court shall have power in such suit to declare such forfeiture, and thereupon to order and direct that all such estate, right, title, and interest in any property as shall then have accrued or shall thereafter accrue to such offending party, by force of such Marriage, shall be secured under the direction ot such court for the benefit of the innocent party, or of the issue of the Marriage, or of any of them, in such manner as the said court shall think fit, for the purpose of preventing the offending party from deriving any interest in real or personal estate, or pecuniary oenefits from such Marriage; and if both the parties so contracting Marriage shall, in the judgment of the court, be guilty of any such offence as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said court to settle and secure such property, or any part thereof, immediately for the benefit of the issue of the Marriage, subject to such provisions for the offending parties, by way of maintenance or otherwise, as the said court, under the particular circumstances of the case, shall think reasonable, regard lieing had to the benefit of the issue of the Marriage during the lives of their parents, and of the issue of the parties respectively by any future marriage, or of the parties themselves, in case either of them shall survive the other: Provided also, that no such information as aforesaid shall be filed, unless it shall be made out to the satisfaction of the Attorney or Solicitor General before he files the same, by oath or oaths sworn before one of the Masters in Ordinary in Chancery, or before one of the Barons of the Exchequer, and which they are hereby respectively empowered to administer, that the valid Marriage to be complained of in such information hath been solemnized in such manner

Class III.] Marriage.

and under such circumstances, as in the judgment of the said Attorney or Solicitor General are sufficient to authorise the filing the information under the provisions of this Act, and that such Marriage has been solemnized without the consent of the party or parties at whose relation such information is proposed to be filed, or of any other parent or guardian of the minor married, to the knowledge or belief of the relator or relators so making oath; and that such relator or relators had not known or discovered that such Marriage had been solemnized more than three months previous to his or their application to the Attorney or Solicitor General.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all agreements, settlements, and deeds entered into or executed by the parties to any Marriage, in consequence of or in relation to which Marriage such information as aforesaid shall be filed, or by either of the said parties, before and in contemplation of such Marriage, or after such Marriage, for the benefit of the parties or either of them, or their issue, so far as the same shall be contrary to or inconsistent with the provisions of such security and settlement as shall be made by or under the direction of such court as aforesaid, under the authority of this Act, shall be absolutely void, and have no force or effect.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any original information to be filed for the purpose of obtaining a declaration of any such forfeiture as aforesaid, shall De filed within one year after the solemnization of the Marriage by which such forfeiture shall haye been incurred, and shall be prosecuted with due diligence; and in dase any person or necessary party to any such information shall abscond, or be or continue out of England, it shall be lawful for the court in which such information shall be filed to order such person to appear to such information, and answer the same, within such time as to such court shall seem fit; and to cause such order to be served on such person at any place out of England, or to cause such order to be inserted in the London Gazette, and such other British or foreign newspapers a9 to such court shall seem proper; and in default of such person appearing and answering such information within the time to be limited as aforesaid, to order such information to be taken as confessed by such person, and to proceed to make such decree or order upon such information as such court might have made if such person had appeared to and answered such information: Provided always, that in case the person at whose relation any such suit shall have been instituted shall die pending such suit, it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery, if such court shall see fit, to appoint a proper person or proper persons at whose relation such suit may be continued.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after the solemnization of any Marriage under a publication of banns, it shall not be nccessaiy in support of such Marriage to give any proof of the actual dwelling of the parties in the respective parishes or chapelries wherein the banns of Matrimony were published; or, where the Marriage is by licence, it shall not be necessary to give any proof that the usual place of abode of one of the parties, for the space of fifteen days as aforesaid, was in the parish or chapelry where the Marriage was solemnized; nor shall any evidence in either of the said cases be received to prove the contrary in any suit touching the validity of such Marriage.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in no case whatsoever shall any suit or proceedings be had in any Ecclesiastical Court, in order to compel a celebration of any Marriage in facie ecclcsi *, by reason of any contract of matrimony whatsoever, whether pet verba de presently or per verba de fuiuro, any law , or usuage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And, in order to preserve the evidence of Marriages, and to make the proof thereof more certain and easy, and for the direction of Ministers in the celebration of Marriages and registering thereof, be it enacted, That from and after the said first day of November ad Marriages shall be solemnized in the presence of two or more credible witnesses, besides the Minister who shall celebrate the same; and that immediately after

167 m No. XVI. 4 Geo. IV. c. 76.

Previous Agreements to be void.

Information to be filed within One Year.

Proof of the actual residence of the Parties not necessary to the Validity of a Marriage, whether after Banna or by Licence.

No Suit shall be had to compel Celebration of Marriage by reason of any Contract.

Marriages to be in the presence of Two Witnesses, and to be registered;

167 *

No. XVI. 4 Geo. |V, c. 76.

and signed, ftc.

Form.

Persons convicted of making a Uae Entry,

or of forging, &c., any such Entry;

or of forging, dec., any Licence;

or of destroying such Register;

to begums* PW4 *

Nat to affeet Marriages of Royal Family. Act not to extend to Marriages of Quakers and Jews.

Two printed Copies of the Aet to be sent to the Ministers of the several Paikbce, dee., of wUehone to be kept in the

Matriage. [Pari I.

the celebration of every Marriage an entry thereof shall be made in the register book provided and kept for tfiat purpose as by law is now directed, or as snail be hereafter directed; m which entry or register it shall be expressed that the said Marriage was celebrated by banns or licence, and if both or either of the parties married by licence be under age, not being a widower or widow, with consent of the parents or guardians, as the case shall be; and such entry shall be signed by the Minister with his proper addition, and also by the parties married, and attested by such two witnesses; which entry shall be made in the form or to the effect following; that is to say,

4 A. B. of Parish, and C. D. of {^*g} Parish, were raarried thU { CbajS } b* { See, } with conse, t

' rf { (hSi, la, ls d»J, of »*e

{Rector. Vicar. Curate.

{A B C D

f v v

* In the presence of \ q jj»

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person shall, from and after the said first day of November, with intent to elude the force of this Act, knowingly and wilfully insert or cause to be inserted in the register book of such parish or chapelry as aforesaid any false entry of any matter or thing relating to any Marriage; or falsely make, alter, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be talsely made, altered, forged, or counterfeited, or act or assist in falsely making, altering, forging, or counterfeiting any such entry in such register; or falsely make, inter, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure tol>e falsely made, altered, forged, or counterfeited, or assist m falsely making, altering, forging, qr counterfeiting any such licence of Marriage as aforesaid; or utter or publish as true any such false, altered, forged, or counterfeited register fcs aforesaid, or a copy therepf, or any such false, altered, forged, or counterfeited licence of Marriage, knowing such register or licence of Marriage respectively to be false, altered, forged, or counterfeited; or if any person snail, front and after the said first day of November, wilfully destroy or cause or procure to be destroyed any register book of Marriages, or any part of such register book, with intent to avoid any Marriage, or to subject any person to any of the penalties of this Act; every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer the punishment of transportation for life, according to the laws in force fqr the transportation of felons

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to the Marriages of any of the Royal Family.

XXXI. Provided likewise, and be it further enacted, That nothing io this Act contained shall extend to any Marriages amongst the people called Quakers, or amongst the persons professing the Jewish religion, where both the parties to any such Marriage shall be of the people called Quakers, or persons professing the Jewish religion respectively.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That two printed copies of this Act shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, be provided by His Majesty's Printer, and transmitted to the officiating Ministers oVthe several parishes and chapelries in England respectively; one of which copies shall be deposited and kept with the book containing the Marriage register of such parish or chapelry, in the chest or box provided for the custody of the same.

palish Chest.

Claw HI] Mornaga. 1670

xxxm, And be it further enacted, That this Act shall estewj enijr t» tyj. XVIII.

that pert of the united kingdom celled England. qcq< jV>

[No. XVII.] 4 Geo. IV. c. 91, -r-An Act to relieve Nil

Majesty's Subjects front all Doubt concerning the Va. ^n'd tViing lidlty of certain Marriages solemnized abroad. — [18th land.

July 1823.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to relievo the minds of all His Majesty’s

T subjects from any doubt concerning the validity of Marriages solemnized by a Minister of the Church of AWfesrf in the chapel or house of any British Embassador or Minister residing within the country to the eourt of which he is accredited, or in the chapel belonging to any British factory abroad, or in the house of any British subject residing at such fee. tory, as well as from any possibility of doubt concerning the validity of Marriages solemnized within the British lines by any Chaplain or Officer, or otiier person officiating under the orders of the Commanding Officer of a British army serving abroad; be it declared and enacted, and it is, hereby declared and enacted by the King’s moat excellent Majesty, by bV^inUteraof and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, tje 7

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the audio* Engian<j rity of the same, That all such Marriages as aforesaid shall be deemed declared* viand held to be as valid in few as if the same had been solemnized nd M jf nofem^ within H; s Majesty’s dominions, with a due observance of all forms re- ni*ed in Hi? fjuired by few. Majesty's Dominions.

IL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Not to affect Act contained shall confirm or impair or anywise affect, or be construed the validity of tQ confirm or to impair or anywise to affect the validity in few of any Manure* ao-Mwriagp solemnized beyond the seas, save and except such as have been lenwized be-or shaJlpe solemnized in the places, form, and m&nner, herein specified 7°°dSe?*' and recited.

[No. XVill.] & Geo. IV. e. 32^-An Act to amend an Act pasaed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for amending the Laws respecting the Solemnization of Marriages in England. — [I7tb May 1824.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the fourth year of the reign of (its present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending the Laws respecting 4 G, 4. t. 76. the SoUrqnizaHon of Marriages in England, it is provided, that if the church of any parish, or chapel of any ehapelry, wherein Marriages have been usually solemnized, be demolished in order to be rebuilt, or be under repair, and on such account be disused for publie service, it shall be lawful for the banns to be proclaimed in a church or chapel of any adjoining parish or ehapelry in which banns are usually proclaimed, or in any place within die limits of the parish or ehapelry which shall be licensed by the Bishop of the diocese for the performance of divine service during the repair or. rebuilding of the church as aforesaid; but it is not provided that Marriages may be solemnized in such place so licensed:

And whereas it is further provided, that where no such place shall be so licensed# then during such period as aforesaid the Marriage may be solemnized in the adjoining church or chapel wherein the banns have been proclaimed; but it is not provided that Marriages may be solemnized by licence in such adjoining church or chapel as aforesaid: And whereas it is provided that all Marriages theretofore, but it is not provided that Marriages thereafter solemnized in other places within the said parishes or chapelries than the said churches or chapels, on account of their being under repair, or taken down in order to be rebuilt, shall not be liable to have their validity questioned 0n that account: And whereas it pro167 P

No. XIX. 6 Geo. IV. c. 68.

Validity of Marriages solemnized in certain Places where

Churches or Chapels are

under repair, Ac. c., not to be questioned.

Licences for Solemnisation of Marriages in Churches, dec., deemed to extend to any place within the Limits of the Parish, licensed far the Performance of Divine Service while Church is

cbimJTaad Marriages solemnised in such licensed Places, shall be considered as done in the Church of the

Marriage. [Part I.

Tided, that the Ministers who have so solemnized the same shall not he liable to any ecclesiastical censure, or to any other proceeding or penalty whatsoever; but it is not provided that the Ministers who shall there* after solemnize such Marriages shall not be liable to such censure or other proceeding or penalty: And whereas it is expedient that Marriages heretofore and hereafter solemnized in such place so licensed as aforesaid, during the repair or rebuilding of any church or chapel, or if no such place shall be so licensed, then in a church or chapel of some adjoining parish or chapelry, whether by banns lawfully proclaimed, or by licence lawfully granted, should not have their validity questioned on account of their being so solemnized: And whereas it is expedient that the Ministers who shall have so solemnized the same should not be liable to any ecclesiastical censure, or to any other proceeding whatsoever: Therefore be it enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the Ring's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Marriages which have been heretofore solemnized or which shall be hereafter solemnized in any place within the limits of such parish or chapelry so licensed as aforesaid for the performance of divine service during the repair or rebuilding of the church of any parish, or chapel of any chapelry, wherein Marriages have been usually solemnized, or if no such place shall be so licensed, then in a church or chapel of any adjoining parish or chapelry in which banns are usually proclaimed, whether by banns lawfully published in such church or chapel, or by licence lawfully granted, shall not have their validity questioned on account of their having been so solemnized; nor shall the Ministers who have so solemnized the same be liable to any ecclesiastical censure, or to any other proceedingwhatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That all licences granted by any Archbishop, Bishop, or other Ordinary or i>erson having authority to grant such licences for the solemnization of Marriages in the church of any parish or chapel of any chapelry wherein Marriages have been usually solemnized, snail be deemed and taken to be licences for the solemnization of Marriages in any place within the limits of such parish or chapelry which shall be licensed by the Bishop of the diocese for the performance of divine service during the repair or rebuilding of any such church or chapel, or if no such place shall be so licensed, then in the church or chapel of any adjoining parish or chapelry wherein Marriages have been usually solemnized.

under Repair, &c.

III. And be it further enacted, That all banns of Marriage proclaimed, and all Marriages solemnized according to the provisions of this Act, in any place licensed as aforesaid, within the limits of any parish or chapelry, during the repair or rebuilding of the church or chapel of such parish or chapelry, shall be considered as proclaimed and solemnized in the church or chapel of such parish or chapelry, and shall be so registered accordingly.

[XIX.] 5 Geo. IV. c. 68.—An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Fifty-seventh year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to regulate the Celebration of Marriages in Newfoundland; and to make further Provision for the Celebration of Marriages in the said Colony and its Dependencies.— [17th June 1824.]

Class III.J Marriage. 167 9

[•No. XX.] 6 Geo. IV. c.92.—An Act to render valid Mar- No. XX. riages solemnized in certain Churches and Public 6 Geo. IV Chapels in which Banns have not usually been pub- c. 99. lished. — [5t/i July 1825.] V—y— '

WHEREAS since the making of An Act passed in the twenty-sixth TT year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better preventing Clandestine Marriages, and since '26 G. 2. c. 33. the making of an Act passed in the forty-fourth year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and Public Chapels in 44 G. 3, c. 77. which Banns had not usually been published, before or at the Time of passing an Act made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for better preventing Clandestine Marriages/ divers churches and chapels nave been erected and built within that part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the town of Ber~ wickrupon-Tweed, which have been duly consecrated, and divers Marriages have been solemnized therein since the passing of the said last-mentioned Act; but by reason that in such churches and chapels banns of Matrimony had not usually been published before or at the time of passing the said first-mentioned Act, nor -any authority obtained for solemnizing Marriages therein under the provisions of an Act passed in the fourth year of the reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, 4 g. 4. c. 76. intituled An Act for amending the Laws respecting the Solemnization of Marriages in England, such Marriages have been or may be deemed to be void:May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Marriages advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons which have been in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, solemnized in That all Marriages already solemnized in any church or public chapel in Churches and that part of Great Britain called England and Wales, and the town of Chapels erected Berwick-upon-Tweed, erected since the making of the said Act of the since the recited twenty-sixth year of the reign of His said late Majesty King George the Act, -26 G. 2. Second, and consecrated, shall he as good and valid in law as if such c 8hIaU Marriages had been solemnized in parish churches or public chapels having chapelries annexed, and wherein banns had usually been U*?Tn, lzed, n published, before or at the time of passing the said first-mentioned churches, Ac. c. Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Mar- Marriages m riages to be in future solemnized in all churches and chapels erected future solem-since the passing of the said Act in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of nixed in such His late Majesty King George the Second, and consecrated, in which Churches, &c. churches ana chapels it has been customary and usual before the passing shall be valid, of this Act to solemnize Marriages; and all Marriages herein-after solemnized therein shall be as good and valid in law as if such Marriages

had been solemnized in parish churches or public chapels having chapelries annexed, and wherein banns had usually beeo published before or at the time of passing the said Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Registers of registers of Marriages solemnized, or to be solemnized, in the said such Marriages churches or chapels, which are hereby enacted to be valid in law, or Evidence, copies thereof, shall be received in all Courts of law and equity as

evidence of such Marriages, in the same manner as the registers of Marriages solemnized in parish churches or public chapels m which banns were usually published before or at the time of passing the said Act of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, or copies thereof, are received in evidence:Provided nevertheless, that in all such Courts the same objections shall be available to the receiving such registers or copies as evidence, as would have been available to receiving the same as evidence if such registers or copies had related to Marriages solemnized in such last-mentioned parish churches on O public chapels as aforesaid.

167 r Marriage. [Put I.

No* XX. IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the

6 Gen IV registers bf All Marriage* solemnized in any such public chapel where bam *

A had not been usually published before or at the thne of passing the said Act

% _ _, of the twenty-sikth year of the reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, which Marriages are nereby enacted to be valid inlaw, shall. Registers so- within three months after the passing of this Act be removed to the 11, *n parish church of the parish ha which such Chapel shall be situated t and "j In case such ehapel shall be situated lit an oxtra-patechial plane, then to the parish church nest adjoining to sueli estta-pamchiaf pl&oe, «# be nuhSJ3bifbr# kept with the Marriage registers of such parish, and in like manner as the Act 26 G 2 pansh rtgtatets afe directed to be kept by the said Ant of the twenty-toMianwrad sixth year or the reign of Mis said kite Majesty King George the

to the Parish BfeCOWd.

Church.

Class IV.]

PART I

CLASS IV.

16 & 9

Parent and Child.

[No. I.] Statute of Merton, 20 Henry III. c. 9.—He Is a Bastard who is born before the Marriage of his Parehts.

* rTO the King's writ of Bastardy* whether one being borh before ttatrfr Bhtutt of Mermony may inherit in like manner as he that is bom after rtiatrltriony, 20 H; Iff.

* all the Bishops answered, That they would not; nor doutd hot answer fc. #.

* to it j because it was directly against the common order of the church. Fit*. Bastardy,

And all the Bishops inst*nted the Lords, that they would consent, that Jl«22, 25, 27,

* all such as where born afore irtatriirtony should be legitimate, as well as fug?31, u

* they that be born within matrimony, as to the succession of inheritance, *

* forasmuch as the church accepted such For legitimate. And all the earls

and barons with one voice answered, That they would not change the $ \2.15Co.72.‘

* laws of the realm, which hithertb hive been used and approved.’ (1) o lnat.96.

BASTARDS.

(1) While we applaud, With the most perfect sincerity, the manly independence of our ancestors, who, in the true spirit of wisdom prrtwunced this memorable answer, we cannot but regret, that many of their posterity have drawn inferences from ir, which the premise* were by no means competent to support—and from the mere refusal to adopt a particular maxim of foreign law, hk deference and submission to the then established church; the general law, of which this maxim constituted a part, was considered of so dangerous and obnoxious a character, that the mere knowledge of it was almost considered as dangerous and infectious—and that it was impossible to resort to its assistance for hints of practicable improvement, with due regard to adaption and a discriminating judgment, without necessarily inducing an implicit submission to its authority, in matters prejudicial end fhapplicaMe. 1 do not conceive that the pre. judice still subsists, in the same form and shape— hut it certainly does In another, which is, that to stick to Cornyn’s Digest, Tidd’s Practice, and (he index to the Term Reports, as a much more commodious method of cultivating legal science, than that oftaking a more excursive range for the purpose of cultivating the general principles of judicial reasoning.

Upon the immediate suliject of the particular law before us, I apprehend that almost every unprejudiced mind will concur in the opinion ot its wisdom and good sense, in disapproving the principle of permitting the character of family relations to depend upon retrospect and fiction; and In regarding the open celebration of marriage as a pledge

between the individuals and society, with respect to the character of the future offspring

Evident, however, as tMa opinion appears to he, the generality with which the opposite doctrine has been adopted in the .different states of Europe, is very remarkable.—ItbtMgnot only fofftedta the ancient systems, which may be Supposed 'to have been influenced by that deference which tfor ancestors withstood, but retailed in the reformed establishment of Scotland, and in the modern codes of Pnotia and France, the latter of which, in matters where no motives of political influence could intervene, presents system which the wannest opponents of the government by which it was established may contemplate with approbation.

A recent Instance occurred of n very striking application by the House of Lords to the doctrine of legitimation, by subsequent marriage according to the taw of Scotland, in a case of M‘Adam v. Walker, 1 Dow. 148, in which it appeared, that a party calling his domestics together, presented to them a woman, with whota he cohabited at a mistress, and his children by her, as being his wife and legitimate children, and afterwards, on the same day, shot himself.

There is soother subject pertly connected with the law before us, of no ioccnaiderable importance; the repudiating the filiation of children born in marriage, in conscience of the absence of tilt husband from the WfFe.—llie cases upon this subject will be particularly averted to m a note on the title Bcutards, in the division of this Collection which relates to the office of Justices of Peace.

[No* II.] 1 Anne, st* 1.1\ 30.*—An Act to oblige the Jews to maintain and provide for their Protestant Children. rPO the end that sufficient maintenance be provided and allowed for the 1 Ansv*t, 80.

children of Jewish parents who shall turn Protestants; be it enacted by the Queen’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and con&eht of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and two, if any Jewish parent in order to the compelling his or her Protestant childOO^ 1C

* 21 in the authariutive edition.

170

[Part I.

to change his or her religion, shall refuse to allow such child a fitting maintenance, suitable to the degree and ability of such parent and to the age and education of such child, then (upon complaint thereof made to the Lord High Chancellor of England or lord Keeper of the great seal or Commissioners for the great seal for the time being) it shall and may be lawful tfor the said Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Commissioners to make such order therein for the maintenance ot such Protestant child as he or they shall think fit. (1)

(1) In Vincent v. Famandex, 1 P. Wms. 524, of age, and the father dead, but no deciakn was a strong opinion was expressed that this act may made, be applied to a case where the child is forty jean

PART I.

CLASS. V.

19H.VH.C.7. Hob. 210. 15H.6.C.6.

Enforced by 22 Hen. VIII. c. 4.

No Masters or Wardens ofFel-lowships shall make any new Ordinances without the consent of the Chancellor, Treasurer, or Justices.

28 Hen. VIII. c. 5.

No order shall be made to restrain suits in the King's Court.

Corporations.

(Including Statutes relating to the and to Proceedings

by Mandamus and Quo- Warranto.)

[No. I.] 19 Henry VII. c. 7-—For making of Statutes

by Bodies incorporate.

1 pRAYEN the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, That 1 A wherein a Parliament holden at Westminster, the fifteenth year of the

* reign of the blessed King Henry the Sixth, for that, that masters wardens

* ana people of guilds fraternities and other companies corporate, dwelling in divers parts of the realm, oftentimes by colour of rule and governance to

* them granted and confirmed by charters and letters patents of divers

* Kings, made among themselves many unlawful and unreasonable ordi* nances, as well in prices of wares as other things, for their own singular profit and to the common hurt and damage of the people: it was

* enacted, That there should from henceforth no such masters wardens (nor companiesipake noruse no ordinance in disheritance or diminution 1 of the prerogative of the King, nor of other, nor against the common

* profit of the people, nor none other ordinance of charge make and use, but if it were first discussed and proved by good and reasonable advice by the Justices of the Peace, or the chief Governors of cities, and before them entered of record, and that upon pain to lose and forfeit the force and the effect of all the articles in their said letters patents and charters

* contained concerning the same, and over that to lose and pay ten pounds

* to the King for every ordinance that any of them made or used to the contrary; and this ordinance to endure at the King's pleasure, as in the 9 same Act it appeareth; which Act is now expired, ana sith the expiring of the same divers and many ordinances have been made by many ana

* divers private bodies corporate within cities towns and boroughs, contrary to the King's prerogative his laws and the common weal of ms subjects Be it therefore ordained established and enacted by the King our sovereign lord, by the advice of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal ana the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no masters wardens and fellowships of crafts or mysteries, nor any of them, nor any rulers of guilds or fraternities, take upon them to make any acts or ordinances ne to execute any acts or ordinances by them here* tofore made in disheritance or diminution of the prerogative of the King, nor of other, nor against the common profit of the people, but that the same acts or ordinances be examined and approved by the Chancellor Treasurer of Enelundor Chief Justices of either Benches, or three of them, or before both the Justices of Assize in their circuit or progress in that shire where such acts or ordinances be made, upon pain or forfeiture of ten pounds for every time that they do contrary. And oyer that it is enacted, That none of the same bodies corporate take upon them to make any acts or ordinances to restrain any person or persons to sue Jtppthe

CktfsV.] Corporation

King's highness, or to »ny of his courts, for due remedy to oe had in their causes, ne put oc execute any penalty or punishment upon any of them for any such suit to be made upon pain of forfeiture of ten pounds for every time that they do the contrary. And this Act to begin and take effect at the feast of rentecott next coming and from thenceforth. (1)

(I) If a by-law be lawful and reasonable, it. out incurring the Penalty of the Statute vi. will be good though it be not confirmed or allow- 11 Co. 5. 6. The Statute only extends to Guilds, ed according to this Statute, ‘5 C. 63. 6. 1 Rol. Fraternities, Set. not to Cities or Boroughs, per.

368. 1. 35. although it cannot be executed with- att. Geo. War. 44.

I 1 , M, ‘ "

[No. II.] 13 Eliz. c. 29.—An Act concerning the several Incorporations of the Universities of Oxford and Com-bridge, and the Confirmation of the Charters •Liberties and Privileges granted to either of them *

pH)R the great love and favour that the Queen's most excellent Ms- 13 Elis. c. 29.

jesty beareth towards her Highness Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, and for the great zeal and care that the Lords and Commons of this present Parliament iiave for the maintenance of good and godly literature, and the virtuous education of youth within cither of the said Universities, and to the fhtent that the ancient privileges liberties and franchises of either of the said Universities heretofore granted ratified and* confirmed by the Queen's Highness, and her most noble progenitors, may. be had in greater estimation, and be of greater force and strength, for the better increase of learning and the further suppressing of vice:

Be it therefore enacted by the authority of this present Parliament, That the Right Honourable Robert Earl of' Leicester, now Chancellor of the said University of Oxford, and his successors for ever, and the Masters and Scholars of the same University of Oxford for the time being, shall be incorporated and have a perpetual succession in fact deed and name, by the name of the Chancellor Masters and Scholars of the University of Oxford; and that the same Chancellor Masters and Scholars of the same University of Oxford for the time being, from henceforth, by the name of Chancellor Masters and Scholars of the University of Oxford, and by none other name or names, shall be called and named for evermore; and that they shall have a common seal'to serve for their necessary causes touching and concerning the said Chancellor Masters and Scholars of the said University of Oxprd, and their successors: And likewise that the Right Honourable Sir William Ceiil, Knt. Baron of Burghley, nqw Chancellor of the said UniversiiyofOm6r*d^e, and his successors forever, and the Masters and Scholars of the same University of Cambridge, for . the time being, shall be incorporated and have a perpetual succession in fact deed and name, by the name of the Chancellor Masters and Scholars of the University of Cambridge, and that the same Chancellor Masters and Scholars of the said University of Cambridge for the time being from henceforth by the name of Chancellor Masters and Scholars of the University of Cambridge. and by no other name or names shall be called and named forevermore; and that they shall have a common seal to serve for their necessary causes touching and concerning the said Chancellor Masters and Scholars of the said University of Cambridge, and their successors: And further, that as well the Chancellor Masters and Scholars of the said University of Oxford and their successors, by the name of Chancellor Masters and Scholars of the University of Oxford, as the Chancellor Masters and Scholars of the said University of Cambridge and their successors, by the name of Chancellor Masters and Scholars of the University of Cambridge, may severally implead and be impleaded and sue and be sued for all manner of causes quarrels actions real personal and mixt, of whatsoever kind quality or nature they be, rfnd shall and may challenge and demand all manner of liberties and franchises, and also answer and defend themselves under and by the name aforesaid, in the same causes quarrels and actions, for every thing and things whatsoever, for the ', profit and right of either of the aforesaid Universities, to be done before o1

171

No. I.

19 Hen. VII. c.7.

Corporations. [Part I.

any manner of judge, either spiritual or temporal, in any courts and places within the Queen’s Highness dominions whatsoever they be: And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the letters patents of the Queen’s Highness most noble father King Henry the Eighth made and granted to the Chancellor and Scholars of the said University of Oxford, bearing date the first day of April in the fourteenth year of his reign, and the letters patents of the Queen's Majesty that now is* made and granted unto the Chancellor Masters and Scholars of the University of Cambridge, bearing date the twenty-sixth davr of April in the third year of her Highness most gracious reign, anil also all other letters patents by any of the progenitors or predecessors of our said Sovereign Lady, made to either of the said cor pom ted bodies severally, or to any of their predecessors of either of the said Universities, by whatsoever name or names the said Chancellor Masters and Scholars of either of tha said. Universities in any of the said letters patents have been heretofore named, shall from henceforth be good effectual and available in the law to all intents constructions and purposes, to the foresaid now Chancellor Masters and Scholars of either of the said Universities and to their successors for evermore, after and according to the form words sentences and true meaning of every of the same letters patents, as amply fully and largely as if the same letters patents were recited verbatim in this present Act of Parliament, any thing to the contrary in any whe notwithstanding. And furthermore be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Chancellor Masters and Scholars of either of the said Universities severally, and their successors for ever, .by the same name of Chancellor Masters and Scholars of cither of the said Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, shall and may severally have hold possess enjoy and use to them, and to their successors for evermore, all manner of manors lordships rectories parsonages lands tenements rents services annuities advowions of churches possessions pensions portions and hereditament *, and all manner of liberties franchises immunities quietances and privileges, view of frank-pledgeiaw-days, and other things whatsoever they be, the which cither of the said corporated bodies of either of the said Universities had held occupied or enjoyed, or of right ought to have had used occupied and enjoyed, at any time or times before the making of this Act of Parliament, according to the true intent and meaning as well of the said letters patents made by the said noble prince King Henry the Eighth, made and granted to the Chancellor and Scholars of the University of Oxford, bearing date as is aforesaid, as of the letters patents of the Queen’s Majesty made and granted unto the Chancellor Masters and Scholars of the University of Cambridge, bearing date as aforesaid, and as according to the true intent and meaning of all the other the foresaid letters patents whatsoever; any statute or other thing or things whatsoever heretofore made or done to the contrary in any manner of wise notwithstanding. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all manner of instruments indentures obligations writings obligatory and recognizances, made or knowledged by any person or persons or body corporate, to either of the said corporated bodies of either of the said Universities, by what name or names soever the said Chancellor Masters and Scholars of either of the said Universities have been heretofore called in any of the said instruments indentures obligations writings obligatory or recognizances, shall be from henceforth available, stand and continue of good perfect and full force and strength to the now Chancellor Masters and Scholars of either of the said Universities, and to their successors, to all intents constructions and purposes, although they or their predecessors or any of them, in any of the said instruments indentures obligations writings obligatory or recognizances, be named by any name contrary or diverse to the name of the now Chancellor Masters and Scholars of either of the said Universities. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as well the said letters patents of the Queen’s Highness said father King Henry the Eighth, bearing date as is before expressed, made and granted to the said corporate body of ^e said University of Oxon, as the letters patents of the Queen’s Majesty aforesaid granted

Class V.] Corporationi.

to the Chancellor Masters and Scholars of the Universiiy of CamLridge bearing date as aforesaid, and all other letters patents by any of the progenitors or predecessors of her Highness, and all manner of liberties franchises immunities quictances and privileges, lctes law-days and other things whatsoever therein expressed given or granted to the said Chancellor Masters and Scholars of either of the said Universities, or to any of their predecessors of either of the said Universities, by whatsoever name the said Chancellor Masters and Scholars of either of the aaid Universities in any of the said letters patents be named, be, and by virtue of this present Act shall be, from nenceforth ratified stablished and confirmed unto the said Chancellor Masters and Scholars of either of the said Universities, and to their successors for ever; any statute Jaw usage custom construction or other thing to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. Saving to all and every person and persons, and bodies politic ami incorporate, their heirs and successors, and the heirs and successors of every of them, other than to the Queen’s Majesty, her heirs and successors, all such rights titles interests leases entries conditions charges and demands which they and every of them had, might or should have had, of in or to any the manors lordships rectories parsonages lands tenements rents services annuities advowsons of churches pensions portions hereditaments and all other things in the said letters patents, or in any of them mentioned or comprised, by reason of any right title charge interest or condition to them or any of them, or to the ancestors or predecessors of them or any of them, devolute or grown before the several dates of the said letters patents, or by reason of any gift grant demise or other act or acts, at any time made or done between the 9aid Chancellor Masters and Scholars of either of the said Universities of Cambridge and Oxford, or any of them and others, by what name and names soever the same were made and clone, in like manner and form as they and every of them had or might have had the same before the making of this Act; any thing, &c. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, 'that this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to the prejudice or hurt of the liberties and privileges of right belonging to the mayors bailiffs and burgesses of the town of Cambridge and city of Oxford; but that they the said mayors bailiffs and burgesses, and every of them and their successors, shall be and continue free iq such sort and degree, and enjoy such liberties freedoms and immunities as they or any of them lawfully may or might have done before the making of this present Act; any thing contained in this present Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

[No. III.] 31 Elizabeth, c. 6.—An Act against Abuses

in Election of Scholars, and Presentation to Benefices.

1 [Inserted ante Class II. No. 7.]

[No. IV.] 13 Charles II. c. 1.—An Act for the well

governing and regulating of Corporations.

WHEREAS questions are likely to arise concerning the validity of J3 Car. II. c. 1. 4 elections ol magistrates and other officers and members in Cor- 19H.VH. c.7. 4 porations, as well in respect of removing some as placing others, See 2 Burr.

4 during the late troubles, contrary to the true intent and meaning of their charters and liberties: And to the end that the succession in such JP *

4 Corporations may be most probably perpetuated in the hands of persons well affected to his Majesty and the established Government, it being too well known, that notwithstanding all his Majesty’s endeavours and unparalleled indulgence in pardoning all that is past, nevertheless many evil spirits are still working

II. Wherefore for prevention of the like mischief for the time to Commteloii to come, and for preservation of the publick peace both in Church and State i«ue for Eng-[provides for temporary commissions.] ('

174

No. IV. 13 Car. II. c. 1.

• Corporation Charters saved.

Magistrates to take and subscribe to certain otfu,

Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy.

ftyraliw. {hrt 1.

•III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that no Charter of any corporation cities towns boroughs cinque ports and their members; and other port towns in England or 9Vakt or town of Bertoiek-apon-Tweed, shall at any time hereafter be avoided, for or by reason of any‘Set or thing done or omitted to he done, before the first day of this present Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all persons who upon the four and twentieth day of December one thousand six hundred sixty and one, shall be mayors aldermen recorders bailiffs town-clerks common councilmen and other persons then bearing any office or offices of magistracy, or places or trusts or other imployment relating to or concerning the government of the said respective cities corporations and boroughs and cinque ports and their members and other port towns, shall at any time before the five and twentieth day of March one thousand six hundred sixty and three, when they shall be thereunto required by the said respective Commissioners or any three or more of them, take the oaths of allegiance and supremacy, and this oath following:

The Oath to bt 4 V. T A B. do declare and believe. That it is not lawful upon any pretence taken. 4 x whatsuev er to take arms against the King; and that I do abhor that

4 traitorous position of taking arms by his authority against his person, or against tho^e that are commissioned by him: So help me God.

8«cuons5 and 6 VI. And also at the same time shall publicly subscribe befqre the said JET l £ & Commissioners or any three of them this following declaration:

§2* 4 T A. B. do declare, That I hold that there lies no obligation upon me

The D^an* 4 or any other person from the oath commonly called The Solemn nonto be tub- < League and Covenant; and that the same was in itself an unlawful oath, ier">c 4 and imposed upon the subjects of this realm against the known laws and

4 liberties of the kingdom.

Commiirioneri X. And be itfurther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said impowered to respective Commissioners or any three or more of them respectively, shall give the Oaths, have power during the continuance of their respective commissions to administer the oaths aforesaid, and tender the said declaration to the said Who shall give person hereby required to take and subscribe the same; and from and the Oath after the expiration of the said respective commissions, the said three

the Commie- oaths and declaration shall be from time to time administered and tensions are deter- dered to such person and person? who by the true meaning of this Act, mined. or any clause therein contained, are to take the same, by such person or

persoi.s lespectivejy, who by the charters or usages of the said respective cities corporations and boroughs and cinque ports and their members, and other port towns, ought to administer the oath for due executing the said places or offices respectively; and in default of such, by two justices of the peace of the said cities corporations and boroughs and cinque ports and their members and other port towns for the time being, if any such there be, or otherwise.by two justices of the peace for the time being, of the respective counties where the said cities corporations or boroughs or cinque ports or their numbers, or other port towns are.

The Commis- XI. And be it likewise enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the sionen to keep said commissioners justices of the peace and other persons hereby autho-lUmfmhnnces. rized to administer the said oaths and tender the said declaration respectively, shall came memorandum* or entries to be made of all oalhs'taken before them, and subscriptions made as aforesaid, and deliver the same and give them once in a year to the rcj-pective town-clei ks or other register or clerk of to the Town the said respective cities corporations and boroughs and cinque ports and

C1*1^*^ their members, and other port lowus, who shall cause the same to be fairly

entered into the books or registers belonging to the said respective cities corporations and boroughs or cinque ports and their members, or other Nona to be a port-towns.

Magistrate un- XII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That less ha take the from and after the expiration of the said commissions, no person or per-Oatha and r*» sons shall for ever hen-after be placed elected or chosen in or to any the eetve the fit- offices or places aforesaid, that shall not have within one year next before cramem

CIms V.] Orpor^kms. 175

such election or choice token the sacrament of the Lord's Supper, (1) No. IV. according to the rites of the Church of England; and that every such y, *. person and persons so placed elected or chosen, shall likewise take the u j IA* aforesaid three oaths, and subscribe the said declaration at the tame time c* *• when the <*th for the due execution of the said places and offices respectively shall be administered; and in default hereof, every such placing Further Pro *, election and choice is hereby enacted and declared to he void. (3) won* relating

thereto. 5 Ota L c. 6. $ 3. Cirtbtv 306. 3 Lev. 116. 2 Vea. 247* 243 *

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every person who shall Theawol Oath, be placed in any Corporation by virtue of this Act, shall upon bis admission take the oath or oaths usually taken by the members of such Cmporatioo.

* IV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this Act or any lUvaniea of thing therein containecf shall not extend or be to the prejudice of any Offices ia Low-person or persons whatsoever, that hath any reversion or reversions of dan wvodL any of the offices or places belonging to the city of London, by force or virtue of any order grant designation or nomination of the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the said city heretofore respectively made or granted to him or them before the times of the late wars, for or in respect of such grant designation or nomination only; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

(1) This is not required in Ireland.—See I Gabfeett, 424.

(2) If no notice of the disqualification ia given at the time of the election the election is merely void— and the votes fora person having the minority are thrown away; but if notice is given, although after the election has begun and some votes have been given, the election of the person having the minority ia valid.—Rex. r. Hawkins, 10 East. 211 affirmed in the House of Lords, 2 Dow. 124.

By the annual Indemnity Act the disqualification ia removed in caee of taking the sacrament before a specified day, but to as not to inritle a person to* an office already legally Jilted up and eryoyed by another perun. Unless the person having the minority is actually sworn before the taking of the sacrament by the ocher (although wrongfully refused to be so) the indemnity takes place.— Rex. v. Parry, 14 East. 549.

[No. V.] 6 Anne c. 21.—An Act for the avoiding of Doubts and Questions touching the Statutes of divers Cathedral and Collegiate Churches.

4 lyilEREAS several doubts and questions have arisen, and may 6 Anna, c. 21.

4 TT hereafter arise, in relation to the validity and force of the Statutes of divers Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, founded by King Henry

* the Eighth, of famous memory, which doubts and questions have been occasioned, partly by a temporary Act of Parliament made in the first year of the reign of Queen Si ary the First, in relation to such statutes

4 made by the taid late King Henry the Eighth, and in order to defeat 1 M. 1. Sets.3. 4 the true and pious ends and designs of the said foundations, and partly by reason of the known loss of many records and evidences during the late rebellion in this kingdom:And whereas the said doubts and disputes may in time not only turn to the great disquiet and prejudice of

* the said foundations, but may prove a manifest obstruction to the peace a order good government and discipline of the Church, unless some speedy and effectual remedy be provided Be it therefore enacted and declared by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, 't hat Statutes of Cain all Cathedral and Collegiate Churches founded by the said King thedralandCtA’ Henry the Eighth, such statutes as have been usually received and prac- legiateChurcbaa tised in the Government of tire same respectively, since the late happy practiced dice restoration of King Cn arles the Second, and to the observance whereof the Restoration the Deans and Prebendaries and other members of the said Churches of K. Charles H. from the said time have used to be sworn at their instalments or admis- to 890* "* sions, shall be, and shall be taken and adjudged to be good and valid in law, and shall be and be taken and adjudged to be the statutes dof

176 Corporations. [Part I.

No. V. said Churches respectively nevertheless so far forth only as the same,

- or any of them, arc in no manner repugnant to, or inconsistent with

pi the Constitution of the Church of England, as the same is now by law c. 21. established, or the laws of the land.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority afore-No Prosecution said, That.no person or persons shall at any time hereafter be liable to for non Ob- any prosecution censure or punishment whatsoever, for not having observance of served any of the statutes hereby ratified and confirmed, or for having Statutes before done any thing contrary to the same, on or before the ninth day of March 9 March 1707. one thousand seven hundred and seven; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Queen may III. Provided always, ana be it enacted, That it shall and may be law-aker revoke or ful for her Majesty, during her life (which God long preserve) from time enlarge the Sta- to time to alter axiend correct revoke diminish or enlarge the said statutes, and make tutes or any of them, and to make new statutes and ordinances for the new ones, &c. said Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, and for resuming or settling the local visitation of them or any of them, in such manner from time to time as to her Majesty shall seem meet.

9 Anne, c. 20.

This Act is legally clearly and correctly drawn. It was drawn by Mr. Just. Powell.

1 Bur. 407.

1 Blac.95.

For the Intention of this Act, (which is called the Mandamus Act,) sec Bur. 2120.

Returns to Writs of Mandamus out of the Queen’s Bench, &c. shall be made to the first Writ.

[No. VI.] 9 Anne, c. 20.—An Act for rendering the Proceedings upon Writs of Mandamus, and Informations in the nature of a Quo FFarranto, more speedy and effectual; and for the more easy trying and determining the Rights of Offices and Franchises in Corporations and Boroughs.

TyHER-EAS divers persons have of late illegally intruded themselves

* into, and have taken upon themselves to execute the offices of mayors bailiffs portreeves and other offices within cities towns corpo* rate boroughs and places within that part of Great Britain called England

* and Walef; and where such offices were annual offices it hath been found very difficult, if not impracticable by the laws now in being, to bring to a trial and determination the right of such persons to the said offices within the compass of the year; and where such offices were not annual

* offices, it hath been found difficult to try and determine the right of

* such persons to such offices, before they have done divers acts in their said offices prejudicial to the peace order and good government within € such cities towns corporate boroughs and places wherein they have

* respectively acted: And whereas divers persons who had a right to suen offices, or to be burgesses or freemen of such cities towns corporate boroughs or places have either been illegally turned out of the

* same or have been refused to be admitted thereto, having in many of

* the said cases no other remedy to procure themselves to be respectively

* admitted or restored to their said offices or franchises of being burgesses 1 or freemen than by writs of Mandamus, the proceedings on which are

* very dilatory and expensive, whereby great mischiefs have already en* sued, and more are likely to ensue if not timely prevented :* For remedy whereof be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of Trinity term in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eleven, where any writ of Mandamus shall issue out of the Court of Queen's Bench, the Courts of Sessions of Counties Palatine, or out of any the Courts of Grand Sessions in Wales in any of the cases aforesaid, such person or persons who by the laws of this realm are required to make a return (1) to such writ of Mandamus, shall make his or their return to the first writ of Mandamus.

(1) As to the certainty required in such return, see Rexv. Mayor of Lyme Regis, Doug. 149.

Class V.] Corporation*.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of Trinity Term, as often as in any of the cases aforesaid any writ of Mandamus shall issue out of any of the said courts, and a return shall be made thereunto, it shall and may be lawful to and for the person or persons suing or prosecuting such writ of 1Mandamus, to plead to or traverse all or any the material facts contained within the said return; to which the person or persons making such return shall reply take issue or demur; and such further proceedings and in such manner shall be had therein, for the determination thereof, as might have been had if the person or persons suing such writ had brought his or their action on the case for a false return; and if any issue shall be joined on such proceedings, the person or persons suing such writ shall and may try the same in such place, (2) as an issue joinfcd in such action on the case, should or might have been tried; and in case a verdict shall be found for the person or persons suing such writ, or judgment given for him or them upon a demurrer, or by Ai/ dicit, or for want of a replication or other pleading, he or they shall recover his or their damages and costs,

(3) in such manner as he or they might have done in such action on the case as aforesaid; such costs ana damages to be levied by Capias ad Satisfaciendum, Fieri Facias, or Etegit; ana a peremptory writ of Mandamus shall be granted without delay for him or them for whom judgment shall be given, as might have been if such return had been adjudged insufficient; and in case judgment shall be given for the person or persons making such return to such writ, he or they shall recover bis or their costs ot suit, to be levied in manner aforesaid.

III. Provided always, That if any damages shall be recovered by virtue

of this Act, against any such person or ersons making such return to such writ as aforesaid, he or they shall not be liable to be sued in any other action or suit for the making such return; any law usage or custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. to be sued in

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of Trinity Term, in case any person or persons .shall usurp, intrude into, or unlawfully hold and execute any of the said offices or franchises, it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper officer in each of the said respective courts, with the leave of the said courts respectively, to exhibit one or more information or informations in the nature of a Quo Warranto, at the relation of any person or persons desiring to sue or prosecute the same, and who shall be mentioned in such information or informations to be the relator or relators against such person or persons (4) so usuiping intruding into or unlawfully holding and executing any of the said offices or franchises, (5) and to proceed therein in such manner as is usual in cases of information in the nature of a Quo Warranto; and if it shall appear to the said respective courts, that the several rights of divers persons to the said offices or franchises may properly be determined on one information, it shall and may be lawful For the said respective courts to give leave to exhibit one such information against several persons (0) in order to try their respective rights to such offices or franchises, and such person or persons, against whom such information or informations in the nature ot a Quo Warranto shall be sued or prosecuted, shall appear and plead as of the same Term or Sessions in which the said information or informations shall be filed, unless the

177

No. VI.

9 Anne, c. 20.

As soon as the return is made, the Prosecutor in such Writ may plead, &c. to which the Person returning may reply, &c.

How the Proceedings shall be.

Persona against whom Damages shall be recovered, or liable other Actions. How Informations in the nature of Quo Warranto may be exhibited against such as intrude, See. into Offices, &c.

2 Bur. 869.

3 Bur. 1615t 1812.

(2) If the prosecutor alleges all the material facts in one county he cannot issue the venire into another.—Rex v. Mayor of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, I East, 114.

(3) The damages to which the costs are consequential must be given as part of the verdict, and the omission cannot be supplied by writ of inquiry. But a venire de novo must be awarded. —Kynaston v. Mayor, &c. of Shrewsbury, 2 Strange, 1051.

(4) There can be no information upon this

Vol. I. N

Act against the Corporation itself as a body.— Rex r. Corporation of Carmarthen, 2. Bur. 869 *

(5) The Act only extends to corporation offices: a fair or a market is not within the intention or construction of it. As to an information at common law, see Rex v. Marsden et alt# 3 Bur. 1812.

(6) The court will direct a consolidation of informations, though the prosecutor might judge it inconvenient, unless it were shown to be so*— Rex v. Collingwood Foster, et Alt. 1 Bur, 573 *

1?8 - Corporation*. [Part I.

Nd. M, court where such information shall be filed shall give further time to such 9 Anne P*rson or persons against whom such information shall be exhibited to

plead; and such person or persons, who shall sue or prosecute such infor»

c. 20. mation or informations in the nature of a Quo Warranto, shall proceed thereupon with the most convenient speed that may be; any law or usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Judgment of V. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid. Ouster shall be That from and after the said first day of Trinity Term, in case any person given against or persons, against whom any information or informations in the nature Persona found of a. Quo Warranto shall in any of the said cases be exhibited in any of the guilty of such said courts, shall be found or adjudged guilty of an usurpation or intra* *w?«tio», &€. sion into or unlawfully holding and executing any of the said offices or franchises it shall and may be lawful to and for the said courts respee* tively, as well to give judgment of Ouster against such person or persons of and from any of the said offices or franchises, as to fine such person or persons respectively for his or their usurping intruding into or unlaw-and the Relator fully holding and executing any of the said offices or franchises; and shall recover also it shall and may be lawful to and for the said courts respectively to Costs. give judgment, That the relator or relators, in such information named.

If Judgment be recover his or their costs (7) of such prosecution; and if judgment given for the g, ven lor defendant or defendants in such information, he or

Defendant he for w^oin Sl|ch judgment shall be given shall recover his or their

shall have Costs cost9 therein expended against such relator or relators; such cost9 to be against the Re. levied in manlier aforesaid. (8)

lator. VI. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid,

The Court may That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said courts respectively to allow a conveni- allow sach person or persons respectively, to whom such Writ of 3fanda~ ent time to re* mu$ shall be directed, or against whom any information in the nature turn a Manda- of a Quo Warranto in any of the cases aforesaid shall be sued or prose-mus, plead, cuted, or to the person or persons who shall sue or prosecute the same,

reply, &c. such cemvenient time respectively to make a return plead reply rejoin

or demur, as to the said courts respectively shall seem just and reasonable; any thing hereto contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

4XXAnn c 16 VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That after and all the Sta- sfirst day of Trinity Term an Act made in the fourth year of her tutesof Jeo- Majesty’s reign, intituled An Jet for the Amendment of the Law, and the fay les, shall be better Advancement of Justice, and ali the statutes of Jeofayles, shall be exextended to tended to all Writs of Mandamus, and informations in the nature of a Quo

Writs of Man* WarranU), and proceedings thereon, for any the matters in this Act damut, &c. mentioned. (9)

32 H. VIII. c. 30. I8E1.C. 14. 3/El. c. 5.21. Ja. 1. c. 13. 16& 17 Car. II. c. 28.

VIII. And whereas in divers counties boroughs towns corporate and

* cinque ports, where the mayor bailiff or other Officer or Officers to

* whom it belongs to preside at the election and make return of any member to serve in* parliament ought to be annually elected, the same

* person hath been re-elected into such office for several years successively,

which hath been found inconvenient; ’ Be it enacted and declared by

(7) An information for presuming to hold a

court without authority is good at common law, but does not entitle to costs under this Act, which relates only to corporate rights, or rights to freedom in Corporation.—Rex v. Williams, 1 Burr. 402. 1 BL 93. So the prosecutor of a quo

warranto information against a constable is not entitled to costs.—Rex r. Wallis, 5 T. R. 375. See also Rex v. Richardson, 9 East, 469.

(8) In Rex r. Morgan, 2 Strange, 1042, it was held, that a relator not proceeding to trial within a year was only liable- to costs upon his recogni* aaact for not proceeding to trial under Statute

405 William & Mary, c. 18, and not to general coats under this Statute, there being oo verdict or judgment; but in Rex v. Powell it was held, that where the relator doea not proceed.to trial pursuant to notice, it is within the equity of this Statute, and he shall pay costa as in Rex v. Powell,

1 Strange, 33.

(9) This section did not enable a defendant to an information in the nature of quo warranto to pleed several matters—Rex v. Archbishop of York, Willes, 533—but such power is given by 32 G. HI. c. 58, Post No. 12.

179

No. VI.

9 Anne, c. 20.

No annual returning Officer shall be re-elected; and such annual Officerobstruct-ingthe Election ofhisSuccessory to forfeit 1001.

5 Geo. I. c. 4.

Class V.] Corporations.

the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons who hath been or shall be in such annual office for one whole year shall be capable of being chosen info the same office for the year immediately ensuing; and where any such annual officer or officers is or are to continue for a year, and until some other person or persons shall be chosen and sworn into such office, if any such officer or officers shall voluntarily and unlawfully obstruct and prevent the choosing another person or persons to succeed into such office at the time appointed for making another choice, shall forfeit one hundred pounds for every such offence, to be recovered with costs of suit by such person as will sue for the same in any of her Majesty’s courts of record Mfore mentioned by action of debt bill plaint or information, wherein no essoin protection or wager of law shall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance; one moiety thereof to her Majesty her heirs and successors, ana the-other moiety thereof to him or them that will sue for the same.

[No. VIL] 5 Geo. I. c. 4.—An Act for strengthening the Protestant Interest in these Kingdoms.

* XlWHEREAS an Act of Parliament was made in the tenth year of the late QVieen Anne, intituled An Act for preserving the Protestant 'Religion, by better securing the Church of England, as by Luwestu- blished; and for confirming the Toleration granted to Protestant Dissenters by an Act, intituled An Act for exempting I heir Majesties’ Protestant Subjects, dissenting from the Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Laws, and fin- supplying the Defects thereof; and for the further securing the Protestant Succession, by requiring the Practicers of the Imw

* in North Britain to take the Oaths and subscribe the Declaration therein

* mentioned: And whereas part of the said Act, as also another Act herein

* ’after mentioned, have been found to be inconvenient; ’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said recited Act passed in the tenth year of the late Queen Anne> from the beginning thereof to these words, 1 And it is hereby further enacted and

* declared by the authority aforesaid, That the Toleration granted to 4 'Protestant DKsenters, ’ and also one Act made in the twelfth year of the reign of the late Queen ANNEjintituledAnJ^ to prevent the Growth of Schism, and for the further Security of the Churches of England and Ireland, as by Law established, shall be and are hereby repealed annulled and made void.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any mayor bailiff’ or other magistrate in that part of Great Britain called England the dominion of Wales or the town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, or the isles of Jersey or Guernsey, shall knowingly or wilfully resort to or be present at any public meeting for religious worship other than the Church of England as by law established, in the gown or other peculiar habit, or attended with the ensign or ensigns of or belonging to such his office, that every such mayor bailiff* or other magistrate, being thereof convicted by due course of law, shall be disabled to hold such office or offices, employment or employments, and shall he adjudged incapable-to bear any publick office or employment whatsoever within that part of Great Britain called England the dominion of Wales and town of Per-xekk-upon-Tweed, or isles of Jersey and Guernsey. (1)

(1) Sir Humphry Edwin, a Lord Mayor of Swift, in his Tate of a Tub, under the allegory of London, had the imprudence soon after the Tole- Jack getting on a grey-horse and eating custard.— miou Act, to go to a Presbyterian meeting-house 4 Bl. Com. 554. in-his formalities, which is alluded to by Dean

[* No. VIII.] 5 Geo. I. q. 6.—An Act for quieting and-establishing Corporations.

4 WHEREAS by an Act made in the thirteen year of Ktog ChaG^s)*6Oto* I. c. 6.

the Second, intituled An Act for thcuxiLgovernwg’ and regulating *3C«r. IL*.#/

N it u

Part of 10 Anne, c. 2. and the Schism Act of 12 Anne, sta*. 2, c. 7, repealed.

Mayor, &c. resorting to any conventicle with Ensigns of his Office, disabled to hold public

Oath.

The Declaration.

Corporations.[Part I.

of Corporations, it is amongst other things enacted. That every person or persons, who from and after the expiration of the commissions in the said Act mentioned should be placed elected or chosen in or to any < the offices or places of mayors recorders bailiffs town-clerks common € council-men, or to any office or offices of magistracy or places or trusts,

* or other employment relating to or concerning the government of cities corporations ai\d boroughs, and cinque-ports and their members,

4 and other port towns, should at the same time when the oath for the

* due execution of the said places and offices respectively should be ad- ministered, take the following oath, viz.

4 T A. B. do declare and believe, That it is not lawful, upon any pretence whatsoever, to take arms against the King; and that I do abhor that traiterous position of taking arms by his authority against his person, or against those who arc commissioned by him: So help me God/

4 And subscribe the following declaration, viz.

4 T A. B. do declare, That I hold that there lies no obligation upon me 4 A or any other person from the oath commonly called The Solemn League and Covenant; and that the same was in itself an unlawful oath, and tinposed upon the subjects of this Realm against the known laws and liberties of this kingdom/

4 And that in default thereof every such placing election and choice

* should be void: And whereas the taking the said oath and subscribing

* the said declaration have for several years last past been generally omit* ted, and questions have of late arisen, Whether the said statute made in the said thirteenth year of King Charles the Second, as to the said oath and declaration, be yet in force / Therefore, for avoiding of all such questions for the future, and for the establishing the peace and quiet of corporations, Be it declared and enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every member and members of any corporation within this kingdom, and all and every person and persons that were required by the said above recited Act to take the said oath, or subscribe the said declaration, shall be and are hereby confirmed in their several and respective offices and places, notwithstanding their omission to take the said oath or subscribe the said declaration, and shall be indemnified freed and discharged of and from all incapacities disabilities forfeitures and penalties arising from such omission, and none of their Acts shall be questioned or avoided for or by reason of the same; but that all such Acts shall be and are hereby declared and enacted to be as good and effectual as if all and every such person and persons had taken the said oath and subscribed the said declaration, according to the direction of the said Act.

II. And be it also further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so much of the said statute as requires the taking of the said oath and subscribing the said declaration, snail be and is hereby repealed; and that neither the said oath or declaration shall be required for the future.

* 111. And whereas by the said recited Act made in the thirteenth

* year of King Charles the Second, it is enacted, That no person or

, 13 Car. II. st* 2% 4 persons shall be placed elected or chosen in or to any of the offices or *• *" places relating to or concerning the government of any city corporation

* borough cinque-port and their members, and other port towns, or any other offices m the said recited Act mentioned or expressed, that shall s< not have within one year next before such election or choice taken the

* sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, according to the rites of the Church ot England, and that in default thereof every such placing election and

4 choice shall be void Be it further enacted by the authority aforsaid. That all and every the now member and members of any corporation within this kingdom, and all and every person and persons now in actual possession of any office, that were required by the said above recited Act to take the sacrament of the Lord’s Supper according to the rites of the

13 Car. II. st. 2. c. 1.

Members of Corporations are confirmed in their Offices though they have not taken the said Oath and Declaration. And indemnified, See.

So much of the recited Act is requires the taking the said Oath, Ac. c. repealed.

Memben of

Corporations, See. who have omitted to take the Sacrament,

as enjoined by the said Act, ahall nevertheless continue in their Offices, and be freed from all incapacities, &c* arising from sack omuaion.

Class V.] Corporations. 181

Church of Ragland within one year next before his election or choice No. VIII. into such office, shall be and are hereby confirmed iu their several and Geo. I. respective offices and places, notwithstanding their omission to take the *

sacrament of the Lord’s Supper as aforesaid, and shall be indemnified _’,

freed and discharged of and from all incapacities disabilities forfeitures v v and penalties arising from such omission; and that none of their Acts, nor the Acts not yet avoided, of any who have been members of any corporation or in actual possession of such offices, shall be questioned or avoided for or by reason of such omission; but that all such Acts shall be and are hereby declared and enacted to be as good and cffectiiR^ as if all and every such person and persons had taken the sacrair of the Lord’s Supi»er in manner as aforesaid; nor shall any pej; son or per^ sons, who shall be hereafter placed elected or chose; , in or to any the offices aforesaid be removed by the corporation or otherwise prosecuted for or by reason of such omission; nov shall any incapacity disability forfeiture or penalty be incurred by reason of the same, unless su:h person be so removed or such prosecution be commenced within six months after such person’s being placed or elected into his respective office as aforesaid, and that in case of a prosecution the same be carried on without Set 2 Bur. wilful delay. (1) ioi&

(1) On a mandamus to admit, the party applying must prove that he had taken the sacrament according to the Statute 13 Car. 2. and the case is not within the Statute, as the person never was admitted, and therefore cannot be removed. Tuft an r. Nevinson, 2 Lord Raym. 1354. 1 Str. 585. But where a party elected obtained a mandamus to deliver the common seal, &c. when a return was made of not duly elected, i: was held that since the Statute the election was not void, but only voidable, and that as there was no removal within the limited time the election stood confirmed and became absolute; and that the case differed from the preceding one, as the plaintiff was in possession of the office. Crawford v. Powell, 2 Bur. 1013. In Harrison v. Evans, Wilm. 159. Lord Ch. J. Wilmot said, the Act only affects cases where there has been six months* possession, and is rather a statute of limitations founded upon public convenience, to guard against the violent operation of the annulling words in the Corporation Act. But before the six months are expired, and even afterwards where there has been no possession of the office under such an

election, the operation of the former law is not at all varied by it. And in Rex v. Monday, Cowper, 539. Lord Mansfield observed to the same effect, that the Statute 5 Geo. 1. c. 6. operates rather as a protection to the possession than as a bar to the remedy. If a man under this disability has been in possession six months, there shall be no remedy to turn him out: his title shall not afterwards be questioned on that ground. It is similar to the rule laid down by this court in respect of informations where the party has been in pot-session twenty years. But if this objection is made recetitly before any possession; as suppose the party upon being refused to be sworn in waa to* apply for a mandamus, and the answer on the application should be, that the ground of refusal was because he had hot taken the sacrament, I should think it a sufficient objection. It it the possession only that is protected; and that, not till after the expiration of six months. The object of the Act' was to lessen the rigour of the Stat. 13 Car. II. made in warmer times; and that has gone a great way. See also Rex v. Hawkins, 10 East, 211. 2 Dow. 124.

[No. IX.] II Geo. I. c. 4.—An Act for preventing the Inconveniences arising for want of Elections of Mayors, or other Chief Magistrates of Boroughs or Corporations, being made upon the Days appointed by Charter or Usage for that Purpose, and directing in what Manner such Elections shall be afterwards made.

* TWHEREAS in many cities boroughs and towns corporate within that 11 Geo. L c. 4.

* ?T part of Great Britain called England Waite and Berwick-upon-Tweed, the election of the mayor bailiff or bailiffs, or other chief officer or officers, is by charter or ancient usuage confined to a particular day

* or time, without any provision how to act or proceed in case no election .

be then made; and it frequently happens that by such charter or usage

* particular acts are required to be done at certain times in order to and 1 for the completing of such elections, and by the contrivance or default 1 of the person or persons who ought to hold the court or preside in the 1 assembly where such elections are to be made or such acts to be done.

Where Election for Mayors or other chief Officers shall not be made on the Days appointed by Charter or Usage, Corporations not disabled from electing.

But may meet together at the Town-ball, &c. on the Day after,

Corporations. [Part I.

4 or by accident, it hath sometimes happened, and may frequently de w if not timely prevented, that no courts or assemblies have been beldot elections made, or such acts done within the time fixed for that purpose;

4 in which cases, if elections of such officers could not afterwards be made or completed, or in consequence of such omission the corporation shook!

4 be dissolved, great mischiefs might ensueFor remedy and prevention whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the patne, That if in any city borough or town corporate within that part of Great Britain called England Wales and Berzrick-upon~ Tweed, no election shall be made of the mayor bailiff or bailiffs or other chief officer or officers of such city borough or town corporate upon the day or within the time appointed by charter or usage for such election, or such election being made shall afterwards become void, whether such omission or avoidance shall happen through the default of the officer or officer* who ought to hold the court or preside where such election is to be made, or by any accident or other means whatsover, the corporation shall not thereby be deemed or taken to be dissolved or disabled from electing such officer or officers for the future:but in any case where no election shall be made as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the tnembers or persons of such city borough or corporation who have a right to vote or Le present at, or to do any other act necessary to be done in order to or for the completing of such election, and they or such of them as shall not be hindered by any reasonable impediment or excuse are hereby required respectively to meet or assemble together in the town-hall or other usual place of meeting for making such election, within such city borough or town corporate, upon the day next after the expiration of the lime within which such elrction ought to have been made, unless such day shall happen to be Sunday, and then upon the Monday following between the hours of ten in the morning and two in the afternoon of the same day; (l) and that the members or persons having right to vote, at or to do any other act necessary' to be done in order to such election, or such of them as shall be so assembled or met together, shall forthwith proceed to the election of a mayor bailiff or bailiffs, or other chief officer or officers for such city borough or corporation, and to do every act necessary to be done in order to or for the completing of such election, in such manner as was usual in or in order to the election of such officer or officers, upon the day or within the lime appointed by charter or usage for such election; and in case upon such day of meeting hereby appointed for such election the mayor bailiff or bailiffs or other proper officer or officers who ought to have held the court or presided at the assembly for such election, or doing any other act necessary to be done in order to such election, if the same had been made or done on the day fixed, or with the time limited by charter or usage for that purpose, shall be absent, (2) then such other person having a right to vote, being the nearest then present in place or office to the person or persons so absenting himself or themselves, shall hold the court or preside in the meeting or assembly hereby appointed, and shall have the same power and authority in all respects therein as belongs to the mayor bailiff or bailiffs or other chief officer or officers of the same city borough or town corporate at any court or assembly for the election of officers for such place, or for doing any other act necessary to be done in order to such election.

Kno Election H. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if be.made, or it shall happen that in any city borough or town corporate within that

iftection’be- part of Great Britain called England Wales and Bencick-upon-Tweed, no eome void, election shall be made of the mayor bailiff or bailiffs or other chief officer King's Bench may award Mandamus for electing. See Bur. 2008.

and proceed to Election.

Mayor, Ac. c. absenting, the nearest in place may hold the Court.

(1) This seems to be only directory.—Rex vened, and it was held by the Mayor that there

v. Pole, Selwyn, N. P. 957. The Act should be could be no election, and the meeting dissolved construed as literally as possible.—Idem. without objection, an election by burgesses who

(2) Where an assembly was regularly con- staid behind is roi<U-Rex r. Gaborion, 11 £ttt.77.

Glass V.] Corporations.

or offieers () of such city borough or town corporate, upon the day or within the time appointed by charter or usage for uiat purpose, and that no (4) election of such officer or officers shall be made pursuant to the directions herein before prescribed, or such election being made shall afterwards become void as aforesaid, in every such case it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty’s Court of King's Bench, upon motion to be made in the said Court, (5) to award a writ or writs of Mandamus, requiring the members or persons of such city borough or town corporate, having a right to vote at or to do any other act necessary to be done in order to such election respectively, to assemble themselves upon a day and at a time to be prefixed in such writ or writs, and to proceed to the election of a mayor bailiff or bailiffs or other chief officer or officers as the case shall require, and to do every act necessary to be done in order to such election, or to signify to the said Court good cause to the contrary, and thereupon to cause such proceedings to he had apd made as in any other cases of writs of Mandamus granted by the said Court forelection of officers of corporations; and of the day and time appointed in and by any *uch writ or writs of Mandamus for holding such assembly publick notice in writing shall, by such person as the said Court shall appoint, be affixed in the marketplace or some other public place within such city borough or town corporate by the space of six days before the day so appointed, and such officer or other person respectively shall preside in such assembly as ought to have presided at the election of such mayor bailiff or bailiffs or other chief officer or officers, or at the doing any other act necessary to be done in order to such election, in case the same had been made or done upon the day herein before prescribed for that purpose.

III. And whereas in certain boroughs and towns corporate within that part of, Great Britain called England ^Walcx and Berwick-upon-Tweed, the mayor bailiff or bailiffs or other chief officer or officers is or are to be

* nominated elected or sworn at a court-leet or view of frank-pledge or

* some other court, and by reason of the contrivance or default of the lord or his steward or such other officer by or before whom such court ought to be held in not holding the same, or by some accident it hath happened

* and may hereafter happen that no due nomination election or swearing of such mayor bailiff or bailiff's or other chief officer or officers hath been or shall be had or made* Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, upon motion to be made in the said Court, to award a writ of Mandamds requiring the lord or his steward or other officer by or before whom such couYt ought to be held, to hold or cause to be holden such court-leet or other court, and to do every other act necessary to be done by him in order to such nomination election or swearing at such day and time as shall be for that purpose judged proper by the said court of King's Bench, and shall be appointed in such writ, or to signify to the said Court good cause to the contrary, and thereupon to cause such proceedings to be had and made as in other cases of writs of Mandamus granted by the said Court for holding of any court; and of the day and time appointed in and by any such writ of. Mandamus for holding such courtpublick notice in writing shall, by such person as the said Court of King’s Bench shall appoint, be affixed in the market-place, or some other publick place within such borough or town corporate, by the space of six days before the day so appointed:And where agnomination of persons in order to the election of any such mayor bailiff or bailiff's or other

m

No. re.

11 Geo.L c. 4.

Six Day* publick notice to be given of the Election.

Where Mayors, &c. ere to be nominated oc sworn at a Court Leet, Sec. and in Default of the Lord ot Steward no Court be held, King’s Bench may award a Mandamus for holding the Court Leet.

See 3 Bur.

1452.

(3) The Act is not confined to annual offices, it extends to the office of burgess which is held for life. The mandamus may be granted for the election not only of head officers, but of others who form a constituent parrof the Corporation.— Case* of Scarborough, 2 Strange, 1180.

(4) If there be an Election de facto, such as would be fairly the subject of trial, by an information in the nature of a quo warranto, the court

will not grant a mandamus under this Statute , but otherwise if it is a mere colourable election.— Rex v. Mayor of Cambridge, 4 Burr. 2008. If a person is ducted who has not received the sacrament within a year a mandamus will be.granted.—-Rex v. Corporation of Bedford, 1 East, 79 *

(5) This power may be exercised after a lapse

of three or four years.—Bull, N. P. 2011

Mayors, &e. bo elected, shall take the Oaths before the presiding Officer. See Bur. 2132.

No such Election valid, unless as great a Number be present and concur as required by Charter, &c.

Mayors absenting themselves, ftc. shall suffer Imprisonment for six Months, &c.

No Corporation dissolved or disabled by any omission already happened.

Corporations. [Part I.

chief officer or officers is to be made at such court-lcet or other court, in every such case after such nomination made all and every other act and acts "necessary to be done in order to such election shall be had made and done at such assembly, and in such manner and form as the same ought to have been had made and done in case such election had been made upon the day next after the expiration of the time prescribed for such election by the charter or usage of such borough or corporation, according to the directions herein before mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the mayor bailiff or bailiffs or other chief officer or officers who shall he elected pursuant to the diiections of this Act, shall take the oath or oaths by law required at the time of his admission into such office, before such officer as shall preside at such election, (6) in pursuance of this Act, who is hereby authorized and required to administer such oath or oaths; and shall have the same privileges precedence powers and authorities in all respects as any mayor bailiff or bailiffs or other chief officer or officers of the same city borough or corporation, elected on the days or times fixed by charter or usage for that purpose, ought to have or enjoy. (7)

V. Provided always, That no such election, nor any act done in order thereunto, shall be valid unless as great a number of persons having right to be present at and vote therein snail be present at the assembly holdeo for such purpose, and concur therein, as would respectively have been necessary to be present and concur in such election or act in case the same had been made or done upon die day or within the time appointed for that purpose by die charter or usage of %uch city borough or coroo-ration, saving only that the presence of the mayor bailiff*or bailiffs or other chief officer or officers who ought to preside shall not be necessary.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any mayor bailiff*or bailiff's or other chief officer or officers of any city borough or town corporate shall voluntarily absent himself or themselves from, or knowingly or designedly prevent or hinder the election of any other mayor bailiff or other chief officer in the same city borough or town corporate, upon the day or within the time appointed by charter or ancient usage for such election, the person or persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall tor every such offence suffer imprisonment for the space of six months without bail or main prize, and shall be for ever disabled to take hold or exercise any office belonging to the said city borough or corporadon.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no corporation shall be deemed or adjudged to be dissolved or disabled from electing a mayor bailiff’ or bailiffs or other chief officer or officers by reason of any omission or default which hath already happened in not nominating electing or swearing a mayor bailiff or bailiffs or other chief officer or office! s of such corporation upon the day or within the time limited for such nomination election or swearing by the charter or usage of such corporation, or by reason of the absence of the mayor bailiff or bailiff’s or odier chief officer or officers who ought to have presided' at the assembly for such nomination election or sw'earing, or by reason of such election having become void as aforesaid, but every such corporation shall be adjudged deemed and taken to be and to have been subsisting and capable of electing such officer or officers to all intents and purposes; any such omission absence default or avoidance, or any defect disability or forfeiture arising therefrom, in any wise notwithstanding,

VIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, orbe construed to extend, to invalidate or make void any charter heretofore granted to and accepted by any city borough or town corporate, or any corporation within the same, or any of them, or any elections or acts had made or done in pursuance of any such charter; nor to make good the

(6) The presiding officer at an election on the the following Court-Leet.—Rex v, Nance, Sclw. day following the regular day, may awear in the N. P. 959.

officer elected, although the custom is for the (7) A swearing two yean after the election

" -r elected on the regular day to be sworn at held goed—Rex v, Courtenay, 9 wot, 246. K

Class V.] Corporations.

election of any officer or member, or of any person claiming to be an officer or member of any city borough or corporation, against whom any judgment of Ouster shall have been entered or given upon any information m the nature of a Quo Warranto, or whose election shall have been avoided" upon any writ of Mandamus, on or before the last day of Michaelmas term in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any writ of Mandamus shall issue out of the Court of King’s Bench in any of the cases aforesaid, the person or persons to whom such writ shall be directed, shall make his or their return to the first writ of Mandamus.

185

No. IX.

11 Geo. I. c. 4.

Return to be made to the first Writ of Mandamus *

[No. X.] 7 Geo. III. c. 48.—An Act for regulating the Proceedings of certain Public Companies and Corporations carrying on Trade or Dealings with Joint Stocks, in respect to the declaring of Dividends; and for further regulating the Qualification of Members for voting in their respective General Courts.

yWHEREAS by virtue of divers acts of Parliament, and of Royal y Geo. IIL Charters founded thereupon, certain public companies or coipora- c. 48. dons have been instituted Jfor the purpose of carrying on particular trades or dealings with joint stocks; and the management of the affairs of such companies has been vested in their general courts, composed of the members at large of such companies respectively; in which general courts every member of each respective company possessed of such share in the stock of the company as in and by the said Acts of Parliament and charters is limited with regard to each of the said companies respectively, is qualified and in titled to give a vote or votes: And whereas of late years a most unfair and mischievous practice has been introduced of splitting large quantities of stock, and making separate and temporary conveyances of the parts thereof, for the purpose of multiplying or making occasional votes immediately before the time of declaring a dividend, of chusing directors, or of deciding any other important question; which practice is subversive of every principle upon which the establishment of such general courts is founded, and if suffered to become general would leave the permanent interest of such companies liable at all times to be sacrificed to the partial and interested views of a few, and those perhaps temporary proprietors* Be it therefore enacted by the King's roost excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and Members dis-sixty-seven, no member of any of the said Public Companies or Corpora- qualified from tions instituted for the purpose aforesaid, shall be deemed qualified to voting in a Gc-vote, or be admitted to give any vote or votes, in any general court of any nersl Court such company in respect of any stock transferred to him her or them who were not after the said first day of August one thousand seven hundred and sixty- possessed of seven, until he she or they shall have been possessed of such stock six Stock rix calendar months; unless such.stock shall have been acquired or shall months; ex-] have come by bequest, or by marriage, or by succession to an intestate’s ccl* Ac. c. estate, or by the custom of the city of London, or by any deed of settlement after the death of any person who shall have been mtitled for life to the dividends of such stock.

II. And be it further enacted by the .authority aforesaid, That the Oaths to be several and respective oaths and affirmations which are* at present, either taken, by virtue of any Act of Parliament or by any charter of any of the said companies, required to be administered to or taken by the members intitled to vote in the general courts of the said companies respectively, at or before giving their votes, shall, from and after the said first day of August one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, be altered in such manner as to exteud to and comprise the further qualification required by this Act in respect of the continuance of the possession of such stock

186

Corporations.

[ftwt I.

No. X.

7 Geo. III. c. 48.

No Declaration of a Dividend, but at ’Half-yearly or Quarterly General Courts, at five months* distance, &c. Public Act.

as aforesaid; and that the said oaths and affirmations so-altered as aforesaid, shall from and after the said first day of August one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, be severally and respectively administered to and taken by the members of such companies in the place of these heretofore required to be Administered and taken.

III. And forasmuch as no part of the business transacted by the general courts of the said companies can be of more importance to the general and lasting interest of the companies themselves, or to the preservation of public credit so closely connected with that interest, than what concerns the fixing from time to time of the dividends to be made out of the profits and produce of their joint stocks among the several proprietors having shares therein:And forasmuch as the provisions hitherto made have not been found sufficient to prevent many great and dangerous irregularities being practised in relation to the making of sudden and unwarrantable alterations in the rates of such dividends: Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the tenth day of Ju/y one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, no declaration of a dividend shall lie made by any general court of any of the said companies, other than one of the half-yearly or quarterly general courts, at the distance of five calendar months at the least from the last preceding declaration of a dividend; and that no declaration of more than one half-yearly dividend shall be made by one general court; and that no question upon any proposition for increasing the rate of the dividend shall be decided otherwise than by ballot, to be taken at the distance of three entire days, at the least, from the adjournment or breaking up of the general court in which such question shall have been proposed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick Act, of which notice shall be judicially taken by all judges justices and other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

[No. Xi.] 12 Geo. III. c. 21.—An Act for giving Relief in Proceedings upon Writs of Mandamus for the Admission of Freemen into Corporations; and for other pur* poses therein mentioned.

12 Geo. III. TtWHEREAS divers persons, who have a right to be admitted citizens c. 21. burgesses or freemen of divers cities towns corporate boroughs

* cinque ports and places within that part of Great Britain called England 1 and Wales, being refused to be admitted thereto, have, in many cases,

no other ordinary remedy to procure themselves to be admitted to the 1 franchises of being citizens burgesses or freemen than by writs of Man- damns, the proceedings on which are very dilatory and expensive; and 1 although any such wnt of Mandamus is obeyed the person applying is nevertheless" put to great and unnecessary trouble delay and'expence:

And whereas by the laws now in being, in many cases, no provision is

* made for giving costs to the party suing out any such writ where the

* same is obeyed; * for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled.

Person intitled and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of to be admitted, August one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, Where any person and applying shall be entitled to be admitted a citizen burgess or freeman of any such

forthatpurpose, city town corporate borough cinque port or place, and shall apply to the

giving Notice, mayor or other person officer or officers in such city town corporate bo-&c. if Mayor, r0Ugh cinque port or place, who hath or have authority to admit citizens &c. refuse to burgesses and freemen therein, to be admitted a citizen burgess or freeadmit, and a man thereof; and.shall give notice, specifying the nature of his claim, to

Mandamus is- such mayor or other officer or officers, that if he or they shall not so ad-sue, the Mayor, mjt suc^ person a citizen burgess or freeman within one month from the to pay alll/osts. tjmc of such notice the Court of King’s Bench will be applied to for writ of Mandamus to compel such admission; and if such mayor or other

Class* V.] Corporation*. r 167

officer or officers shall after such notice refuse or neglect to admit such No. XI. person, and a writ of Mandamus shall afterwards issue to compel such r - mayor or other officer or officers to make such admission, and in obedi- w *’ ence to such writ such person shall be admitted by the said mayor or c., 21. other officer or officers a citizen burgess or freeman of such city town corporate borough cinque port or place, then such person shall (unless the court shall sec just cause to the contrary) obtain and receive from the said mayor or other officer or officers so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, all the costs to which he shall have been put m applying for obtaining and serving such writ of Mandamus, and enforcing the same, by a rule to De made by the court out of which such writ shall issue for the payment thereof, together with the costs of applying for obtaining serving and enforcing the said rule; and if the rule so to be made shall not be obeyed, then the same shall be enforced in such manner as other rules made by the said court are or may be enforced by law.

4II. And, in order that it may be known what persons are from time to time admitted freemen or burgesses of any city corporation borough Freeman to m-4 or cinque port/ be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That epect entries of the mayor bailiff town clerk or other officer of any city corporation bo- admiwbn* Ac. c. rough or cinque port, having the custody of or power over the records oi uie same, shall, upon the demand of any two freemen or burgesses, permit such freemen or burgesses and their agent or agents, at any time whatsoever between the hours of nine in the morning and three in the afternoon, to inspect the entries of admission of freemen burgesses or other inferior corporations, and to take copies or extracts therefrom, paying for every such inspection two shillings and sixpence; and for every such copy or extract, not exceeding seventy-two words, the sum of four pence; and so in proportion for all such copies or extracts:And if any mayor bailiff town clerk or other officer shall refuse or deny the inspection of any such entries, or to give copies or extracts thereof, a9 before directed, he or they shall for every such denial or refusal forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds to any person who shall sue for the same, to> be recovered with full costs of suit, by action of debt, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Westminster; in which action it shall be sufficient for the plaintiff to allege in his declaration, that the defendant or the defendants is or are indebted to the said plaintiff in the sum of one hundred pounds for money had and received to his use; provided that suoh action shall be commenced within the space of one year after the cause of it shall have arisen, and not afterwards.

[No, XII.] 32 Geo. III. c. 66.—An Act for the Amendment of the Law in Proceedings upon Information m 'Nature of Quo FFarranto.

4 jIM'IIEREAS it would greatly tend to secure the freedom of election,

4 and the quiet tranquillity and good order of cities boroughs and towns corporate, if a certain reasonable limitation of time should be by law established, beyond which no member or officer of any city borough or town corporate should be disturbed in the enjoyment or exercise of 4. his office or franchise .which he should have held and enjoyed for such time:’ Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and.after the first day of Trinitu Term in the year one thou- ' sand seven hundred and ninety-three, it shall and may be lawful for the defendant or defendants to any information in the nature of a Quo War-rantOy for the exercise of any office or franchise in any city borough or town corporate, whether exhibited with leave of the court or by his Majesty’s Attorney General or other officer of the crown on behalf of his Majesty, by virtue of any royal prerogative or otherwise, and each and every uf them severally and respectively, to plead that he or they

32 Geo. III.

c. 58. Preamble.

From the first day of Trinity Term, 1793, Defendants to Informations in thematureaf Quo Warranto,

for the Exercise of any Office may plead the holding It ah yeert orwwre, ftc.

168

No. XII.

32 Geo. III. c. 58.

Forfeiture of Office within six yean before information may be replied to such plea. Title derived under an Flection not to be affected on account of defect in the title of the person electing, if he was in the exercise of his Office six yean previous to the Information.

Officer having*1 the Custody of Corporation Records to permit any Member thereof to inspect the Book of Admission of Freemen, &c* on Penalty of 100/.

Corporation$. [Part I.

had first actually taken upon themselves, or held or executed the office or franchise which is the subject of such information six years or more before the exhibiting of such information, such six years to be reckoned and computed from the day en which such defendant so pleading was actually admitted and sworn into such office or franchise; which plea shall and maybe pleaded either singly or together with and besides such plea as he or they might have lawfully pleaded before the passing of this Act, or such several pleas (1) as the court on motion shall allow; (2) and if, upon the trial of such information, the issue joined upon the plea aforesaid shall be found for the defendant or defendants or any of them, he or they shall be intitled to judgment, and to such and the like costs as he or they would by law have been intitled to if a verdict and judgment had been given for him or them upon the merits of his or their title. (3) 1

II. Provided always and be it enacted, That in every such case the prosecutor of such information may reply to such plea, any forfeiture or surrender or avoidance by the defendant of such office or franchise happening within six years before the exhibition of such information, (4) whereon the defendant may take issue, and shall be intitled to costs in manner aforesaid. (5)

III. And be it further enacted by-the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons against whom any such information as aforesaid shall be exhibited, shall derive title under an election nomination swearing into office or admission by any person or persons, (6) the title of suen person or persons against whom such information shall be exhibited shall not be defeated or affected by reason or on account of any defect in the title of such person or persons so electing nominating swearing into office or admitting, in case such person or persons, under whom title shall be derived as aforesaid, was or were in exercise de facto of the franchise or office (in virtue of which he or they so elected nominated sworn in or admitted,) at a period six years at least previous to the time of filing such information, and his or their title shall not have been questioned by any legal proceeding carried on with effect.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the mayor bailiff sheriff* town clerk or other officer of any corporation, having the custody of or power over the records of the same, snail upon the demand of any person being an officer or member of such corporation on the payment of one shilling, permit such person on any day or days except Christmas Day Good Friday and Sunday, between the hours of nine in the morning and three in the afternoon, to inspect the books and papers wherein the admission or swearing-in of the freemen burgesses or other members or officers of such corporation shall be entered, and to have copies or minutes of the admission or the entry of swearing-in of any one or more of such freemen burgesses or other members or omcer9, upon paying sixpence for every one hundred words for writing the same; and

(1) Under this section a defendant may plead several pleas, even though he do not plead, in one of them, the limitation imposed by the Statute.— Rex v. Autridge, 8 T. R. 467.

(2) This Statute as well as 9 Anne, c. 20, extends only to corporate offices; and therefore in an information against a Portreeve appointed at a Court Leet the defendant cannot plead double, although a returning officer of members of parliament—-Rex v. Richardson, 9 East, 469.

(3) This extends to informations by the Attorney General—Rex v. Autridge, 8 T. R. 467.

(4) Which means six yean before making the rule absolute for the information, and not six yean before obtaining the rule nisi.—Rex v. Stokes, 2M. AS. 71.

(5) Antecedent to this Statute, the law touching the limitation of time stood thus.—In one CMC the court decided again* granting an information in the nature of a quo warranto after twenty yean quiet possession.—Rex v. Stacey, 1 T. R. 1. And that length of time short of twenty yean would, under circumstances, be a bar to an application. 1 T.R. 3.—Fourteen yean was held to warrant a refusal. Rex e. Pike, 1 T. R. 3.— The same doctrines were repeated in Rex v. New-ling, 8T.R. 310.—And st length the court ro-solved to limit their own discretion, sod to refuse under any circumstances an application against one who had been for six years in peaceable possession. Rex cl Dickin, 4 T. R. 282. And extended this rule to the case of a derivative title from one in quiet possession for six yean. Rex v. Peacock, 4 T. R. 684.

(6) A title to one office which is a qualification to hold another office, is not within the section*— R« ». Stoke *, 2 M. & in y G

Class V.] Corporations* 189

if such mayor bailiff sheriff town clerk or other officer shall refuse or deny No. XII. to any person, hereby entitled to demand ity the inspection of such books _ p - or papers, or to have copies or minutes thereof as aforesaid, such mayor bailiff sheriff town clerk or other officer shall for every such offence for- c* 58. feit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, together with full costs of suit to him her or them who shall inform and sue for the same, within one year after such offence committed, by action of debt bill plaint or information in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no essoin protection wager of law nor more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

[No. XIII.] 1 & 2 Geo. IV. c. 28.—An Act for Abolishing the African Company, and transferring to and vesting in His Majesty all the Forts Possessions and Property now belonging to or held by them, —\Jth May 1821.]

entt of Start

PART n.

Of Real Estates.

[Part II. ’

Class 1. Miscellaneous Statutes concerning’Heal Estates.

— 2. Tithes.

— 3. Approvement and ludoeuve of Commons.

— 4. Joint-Tenants Coparceners and Tenants in Common.

— 5. Mortmain and Charitable Uses.

— 6. Conveyances by Infants Lunatics, &c.

— 7. Fraudulent Conveyances.

— 8. Leases.

— 9. Uses.

— 10. Fines and Recoveries.

— 11. Wills.

— 12. Land Revenue of the Crown.

CLASS I.

MISCELLANEOUS STATUTES.

[In this Class are contained some of the most important Statutes relating to Real Property; amongst others, the Statute de* Donis—the Stature of Quia Emptores—the Act for abolishing Feudal Tenures—the Statute of Frauds—and the Act for the Amendment of the Law, with others which 1 could not in a manner satisfactorily reduce under any common title. The more particular Classes intended to be introduced in the present general Division are the following, viz. 2. Tithes—3. Commons— 4. Joint-tenants, &c. and herein of Partition—5. Mortmain and Charitable Uses — 6. Conveyances by Infant Trustees Femes Covert and Lunatics—7. Fraudulent Conveyances—8. Leases—9. Uses—10. l ines and Recoveries—11. Wills—12. The Land Revenue of the Crown, so far as it is connected with private Titles.

The Statutes relating to Landlord and Tenant are contained in Part IV. Class 19.

And the present Class is intended to include all such Statutes concerning Real Property as are not referrible to the particular Subjects above enumerated.]

[No. I.] Mag. Car. c. 7-—A Widow shall have her Marriage Inheritance and Quarantine. The King’s Widow, &c.

9 Hen. HI. c. 7. A WIDOW after the death of her husband incontinent and with- xout any difficulty, shall have her Marriage and her Inheritance; Hobart 153. (2) and shall give nothing for her Dower her Marriage or her Inheritance,

Dyer, f. 76. which her husband and she held the day of the death of her husband;

Plow. 32. (3) and she shall tarry in the chief house of her husband by forty days after

Bra Dower, the death of her husband, within which days her dower shall be as101. signed her (if it were not assigned her before,) or that the house be a

Regict. fol. 175. castle; (4) and if she depart from the castle, then a competent house

Co. Lit. 32, b. shall be forthwith provided for her, in the which she may honestly 2 Inst. 16. 1 dwell, until her dower be to her assigned as it is aforesaid; and she

19 Hen. VI., < shall have in the mean time her reasonable ^tbVers of the common:

f.14.

Claes I.] Miscellaneous Statute* concerning Eeal Estoits* 191

* (5) and tor her dower shall be assigned unto her the third part of all the No. I.

* lands of her husband, which were his during converture, except she Q tt ttt were endowed of less at the church-door. (6) No Widow shall be dts- y weQ‘LU#

4 trained to many herself: nevertheless she shall find surety that she c* * '

* shall not marry without our licence and assent (if she hold of us,) nor

4 without the assent of the lord, if she hold of another.’ gee 17 Ed. II. c.4. for

the Oath of Widows who hold in Capite not to marry without the Kina's Licence* Fits. Dower, 194. 196. Enforced and amended by 20 Hen. III. c. 1. which gives damages to die Widows who are deforced of their Dowers.

* Add while she chooses to live single *

[No* II.] 20 Henry HI. c. 1.—A Woman shall recover

Damage? in a Writ of Dower.

4 THIRST, Of Widows which after the death of their husbands are de- 20 H. III. c.

* forced of their Dowers, and cannot have their Dowers or Quarantine without plea, whosoever deforce them of their Dowers or Quaran* tine of the lands, whereof their husbands died seised, and that the 5 ’Co 30

* same Widows after shall recover by olea; (2) they that be convict of *4 g'gs.

such wrongful deforcement shall yield damages to the same Widows; 33 Ed. 3 13.

that is to say, the value of the whole Dower to them belonging, from \ [h. 4*39 *

the time of the death of their husbands unto the day that the said pit *, bower!

4 Widows, by judgment of our Court, have recovered Seisin of their 24, 46, 59, 73. 4 Dower, &c. (3) and the deforcers nevertheless shall be amerced at the Fit*. Damage* 4 King’s pleasure.’ 10, 83, 119.

V. N. B.fo.7. RaauEnt.22. Co. Lit* 32. b. 2 Inst. 80. 9 H. 3 aut. l. c. 7

(♦) It is observable that this Statute only gives damages, (to which by the Statute of Gloucester, coats are incident) of lands whereof the husband died seised, which seems to obviate an objection that is made to the accepting a tide in which then is a protection against Dower by the assignment of a satisfied term, and which objection supposes that notwithstanding judgment is given with a cesset executio, the Defendant will be liable to costs. As to the demand necessaxy to entitle a Widow to damages, see 1 Inst. 32. Corsellis v. Corsellis, Bull N. P. 1J 7. but in several cases, damages have been given from the death of the husband. Belfield v. Rowse, 1 lost. 33. a. Dobson v. Dobson, Ca. Temp. Hard. 19.

A Widow may now in all Cases have relief in equity far recovery of Dower, Mundy v. Mundy, 2 Vesey, Jun. 122. which is the usual course, and the Writ of Dower may be considered as. having almost fallen into disuse«~Upon a Bill, the Court will decree an account from the husband'a death. Mundy v. Mundy, ubi. sup.

[No. III.] 20 Hen. III. c. 2.—Widows may bequeath

the Crop of their Lamb.

4 ALSO from henceforth Widows may bequeath the crop of iheir 20H.in.c-2 *

4 •" ground as well of their Dowers as of other their lands and tene- Kel. 125.

ments, saving to the Lords of the Fee all such services as be due for Fit*. Bar. 149.

4 their Dowers and other tenements.’ 294.

2 Inst. 80.

[No. IV.] 52 Hem III. c. 17-—The Authority and Duty of Guardians in Socage.

4 TT is provided, That if land holden in Socage be in the custodyof the 52 H. Ill; c. 17. 4 friends of the heir, because the heir is within age, the Guardians Fits. Wxst. 1,

4 shall. make no waste nor sale nor any destruction of the same inheri- 9, 100, 107.

4 tance; but safely shall keep it to the use of the said heir, so that when he Fit*. Present.

4 cometh to his lawful age, they shall answer to him for the issues of the M.

4 said inheritance by a lawful acoompt* saving to the same Guardians Fit*.Brief, 847. 4 their reasonable costs. (2) Neither shall the said Guardians rive or sell the maniage of such an-heir, but to the advantage of the toresaid 59» 601 7T% heir; (3) But the next friends which had the ward, for all that time that c/lu. 87 a.

* writs of impleading did not lie, shall have such wardship unto the ad- Co< Em. 47.

Rase. 21.

e

A, Inst. 13.

VjC

, OOgl

192 Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates. [Part 11.

No. IV. vantage of the heir, as is said before, without waste sale or destruction 52H.IILc.17. ' making.’(•)

(* J A guardian in socage has an interest, and may make a lease of the land of the ward. The husband or guardian in socage acquires the guardianship, but his lease is only good during the coverture. Osborne v. Carden, Plowden, 293. In that case the quality of guardian in socage is particularly discussed. Guardians in secage may grant the reversion of a copyhold according to the custom of the manor which binds the lord. Stop-land v. Rudlen, Owen 115. Godb. I. . C. Cro. Sac. 35, 98. by the name of Shopland and Ryder. He may avow in his own name and right, 34 Ed. 111. 298. 7 Ed. 111. 38. He may bring

trespass or ejectment in his own name. Per. Cur. Wade c. Baker. 1 Lord Raymond, 130. The right of the mother as guardian in socage, cannot be set up against the lord of a copyhold claiming as guardian by custom. Id. Possession of a mother as guardian in socage is the possession of the heir, and prevents the descent to the half-blood. Good-title v. Newman, 3 Wils. 516. Doe t>. Skeen, 7 T. R. 326. See Bedell v. Constable, Vaughan 182. Rex v. Inhabitants of Oakley, 10 East, 491. See also Stat. 12 Charles II. chap. 24. Past in this division, and notes, ibid.

[No. V.] 4 Ed. I. stat. 3. c. 6.—By what Words in a Feoffment a Feoffer shall be bound to Warrancy.

4 Edw. I. c. 6. Dyer 15, 221.

1 Co. 1, 1. ‘

3 Ca 58. ‘

4 Co. 81.

5 Co. 17.

8 Co. 51.

$ Read, Than < the Feoffers, &c.

TN deeds also where is contained Dedi 4* conccssi tale tenementum with-x out homage, or without a clause that containeth warranty, and to be holden of the givers and their heirs by a certain service; it is agreed that the givers and their heirs shall be bounded to warranty. (2) And where is contained Dedi <$* concessi, to be holden of the chief

Lords of the Fee or of other, \ and not of l'eoffers or of their heirs, reserving no service without homage or without the foresaid clause, their heirs shall not lie bounden to warranty, notwithstanding the Feoffer during his own life by force of his own gift shall be bound to warrant.

(*) That the word Grant in the conveyance of an estate of freehold does not create a warranty, is abundantly clear from all the authorities upon the subject. See Co. Lit. 384. [a] Butler's note, ibid. Spencer'j case, 5 Co. 18. although die word Gins has that effect. 1 think it b rather to be regretted, that notwithstanding the unquestionable and settled law in this respect, those who are perfect masters of the subject give countenance to the unfounded scruples which are entertained concerning it, by declining to insert the word Grant in conveyances from trustees. It is singular that a Judge of so much eminence as Mr. Justice Buller, should have stated that the words Grunt and Enfeoff amount 16 a general warranty in law, and have the same force and effect, and should

refer to Nokes's case, 4 Rep. 80. as settling that point. Browning v. Wright, 2 Bosanquet and Puller.—Nokes's case relates to the demise of a term in which the words Demise and Grant operate as a covenant unless there is an express covenant, in which case the general and implied covenant of law is restrained. A practice has been lately introduced in conveyancing^ of declaring previous to the general words of conveyance, that the party conveys " so far only as he can or may, and not further or otherwise, and that he intends only to pass his interest and not to warrant the estate." I think the practice should be discountenanced, as tending to introduce erroneous opinions upon the subject.

[No. VI.] 6 Edward I, c. 3.—An Alienation of Land

by the Tenant by the Curtesy with Warranty shall be void.

6 Edw. I. c. 3. TT 19 established also, That if a man aliene a tenement, that he holdeth

Vaughan 366. 1 by the law of England, his son shall not be barred by the deed of his

St. 4 & 5 Ann. < father (from whom no heritage to him descended) to demand and C* if’ Bri’ For" recover Wm of Mortdauncestor, of the seisin of his mother, although a r the deed of his father doth mention, that he and his heirs be bound to 5 Go. 80.8 u>., warranty. (y\ And if any heritage descend to him of his father's side, 365 366 *381* then ‘>e harred for the vaTue of the heritage that is to him dea 382. *. 383 ' (3) And if in time after any heritage descend to him by the

* 1 same father, then shall the tenant recover against him of the seisin Dyer, f. 148. of his mother by a judicial writ that shall issue out of the Rolls of the

Fitx. Ganranty, Justices before whom the plea was pleaded, to resummon his warranty, 5. 9 Co. 26. 1 a3 before hath been done in cases where the warrantor cometh into the

Fit*. Cui in vi- 1 Court, saying, That nothing descended from him by whose deed he is ta, 7, 8. vouched. X4) A d in like manner the issue of the son shall recover

Keilw. 104. b. 124, 125.

Class I.] Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates. 193

4 by Writ of Catinaee, Aiel, and Betaiel. (5) Likewise in like manner No. VI.

the heir of the wife shall not be barred of his action after the death of t

* his father and mother, by the deed of his father, if he demand by action b lm

the inheritance of his mother by a writ of entry which his father did c 3m

4 aliene in the time of his mother, whereof no fine is levied in the King’s Court/ 2 In*. 292.

[No. VII.] 6 Edward I. c. 5.—Several Tenants against

whom an Action of Waste is maintainable.

4 TT is provided also, That a. man from henceforth shall have a Writ 6 Edw. I. c. 5.

• A of Waste in the Chancery against him that holdeth by law of Dyer 25.

4 England, or otherwise for term of life, or for term of years, or a woman Fit*. Wist. 62,

4 in (lower. (2) And he which shall be attainted of waste, shall leese 117, 146.

the thing that he hath wasted, and moreover shall recompense thrice Bro* P*!* 17 *

4 so much as the waste shall be taxed at. (3) And for waste made in Rtz- Judgment,

the time of wardship it shall be done as is contained in the Great *34,

4 Charter, . (4) and where it is contained in the Great Charter that he which did waste during the custody shall leese the wardship, (5) it qq 114 133 1 is agreed that lie shall recompense the heir his damages for the waste, Ing *

4 if so be that the wardship lost do not amount to the value of the 54^ 200. b.

4 damages before the age of the heir of the same wardship.’ (•) 355,

1 Roll 91, 97, 156. Hast. 689, &c. Saviil, 42. 9 H. 3. *tat. 1. c. 9. 52 H. 3. c. 23. Regirt. 72. 2 Inst. 299.

(*) The real action of waste has so entirely missive waste, which authority, if admitted to be fallen into disuse, that the case of the Keepers, law, may render it still necessary to resort to the &c. of Harrow School v, Anderton, 2 B. and former proceeding. A more effectual remedy P. 86. is probably the only instance of it remem- against voluntary waste is in many cases attain *, bered by lawyers now living.—-The action on the able by injunctions in equity. In the above-mencase, in the nature of an action of watte, is now tioned case of Harrow School v. Anderton, the commonly substituted for the ancient remedy, Court of Common Pleas, upon the authorities and will lie between peisona between whom the there cited, gave judgment for the defendant, on proper action of waste is not maintainable, but account of the small amount of the damages in Gibson v. Wells, 1 N. R. 290. it was ruled recovered by the plaintiff, that this action does not lie in the case of per[No. VIII.] 13 Edward I. st. 1. c. 1.—In Gifts in Tail the Donor’s Will shall be observed. The Form of a For-medon.

1 THIRST, concerning lands that many times are given upon condition, 13 Edw.I. st. 1.

that is to wit, where any giveth his land to any man and his wife, c. 1.

4 and to the heirs begotten of the bodies of the same man and his wife, with N v 4 such condition expressed, that if the same man and his wife die without Several sort* f 4 heirs of their bodies between them begotten, the land so given shall re- Gift* of Lands vert to the giver or his heir. (2) In rase also where one giveth lands in in Tail.

4 free marriage, which gill hath a condition annexed, though it be not ex- j Leon 212.

4 pressed in the deed of gift, which is this, That if the husband and jvife i RolL 48, 153, 4 die without heir of their bodies begotten, the land so given shall revert 158, 333, 357,

4 to the giver or his heir. (3) In case also where one giveth land to an- 385.

4 other and the heirs of his body issuing, it seemed very hard, and yet 2 Roll 429.

4 seemeth to the givers and their heirs, that their will being expressed in Godbolt 308,

the gift was not heretofore nor yet is observed. (4) In all the cases 367, pL 458.

4 aforesaid, after issue begotten and born between them (to whom the Vaughan 365.

4 lands were given under such condition) heretofore such feoffees had *[*?{}•"•

4 power to aliene the land so given, and to disherit their issue of the *!"* 8°#

4 land, contrary to the minds of the givers, and contrary to the form ex- .

4pressed in the gift. (5) And further, When the issue of such feoffee is

4 failing, the land so given ought to return to the giver or his heir, by 17* \s] 21*22

4 form of the gift expressed in the deed, though the issue (if any were) 23! Co. Lie. 18. 4 had died:(6) Yet by the deed and feoffment of them (to whom land b. 19. a. 24. a.

223. b. 224. a. 12 Co. 81. Fit*. Formed. 61, 65. Fit*. Tail, 9.10. hte. Tail *, 15.

0

VOL. I.

194 Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates. [Part II.

No. VIII. was so given upon condition) the donors have heretofore been barred of VA T tke*r reversion, * which was directly repugnant to the form of the gift. 13 MW. i. < H. Wherefore our Lord the King, perceiving how necessary and erst. 1. c. 1. t pedient it should be to provide remedy in the aforesaid cases, hath or-y 1 dained, That the will of the giver, according to the form in the deed of

In Gifts in Tail gift manifestly expressed, shall be from henceforth observed; so that the Donor's 1 they to whom the land was given under such condition shall have no Will shall be power to aliene the land so given, but that it shall remain unto the issue observed. (of them to whom it was given after their death, or shall revert unto the Hob. 293. «giver or his heirs, if issue fail, (f whereas there is no issue at all) or if any

Fitx. Garranty, < issue be, and fail by death, or heir of the body of such issue failing* 5y* (2) Neither shall the second husband of any such woman from hence fora 3 Co. 85. i have any thing in the land so given upon condition, after the death of 27 ST?’ w^e> ky the law of England, nor the issue of the second husband and i 54 59 62 1 w^e succeed in the inheritance, but immediately after the death of

4, Fit* Dower the husband and wife (to whom the land was so given) it shall come to 87.* 3 Co. 8. their issue, or return unto the giver or his heir, as before is said.

5.14. 7. 32, 33. 8.35, 86. 166. 9.105. 11. 72. Co. Lit. 327. b.

HI. And forasmuch as in a new case new remedy must be provided,

* this manner of writ shall be granted to the party that will purchase it: ’

Formedon in (2) Praecipe A. ottod juste, &c. reddat E. manerium de F. cum suis perdiscender. tinentiis, quod C. aedit tali viro & tali mulieri, & heredibus de ipsis viro

He gist. 238. & muliere exeuntibus.

Co. pla. 317, Or thus

338, 341. (3) (Juod C. dedit tali viro in liberum maritagium cum tali muliere, fir

Dyer 216. 247. qUOcl post mortem predictorum viri & mulieris, predicto B. filio eorundem lit*. Fines, 1Z5. vjri & mulieris descendere debeat per forman donationis praedictae, ut dicit, 56 7°lTC12 (4) Qu0<* C. dedit tali et haendibus de corpore suo exeuntibus,

22 30 42* 44 et clUu(^ post mortem illius talis, praedicto B. filio praeaicti talis descendere 46*47* 49! debeat per formam, &c.

* IV. The writ whereby the giver shall recover (when issue faileth) is

* common enough in the Chancery; (2) and it is to wit, that this statute

AF *haii c* € bold place touching alienation of land contrary to the form of the bar the H*nln hereafter to be made, and shall not extend to gifts made before* rpan ((3) And if a fine be levied hereafter upon such lands, it shall be void in

8 H. 4. f. 8. *aw (4) nebher shall the heirs, or such as the reversion belongeth

Fltx. Continual unt0> though they be of full age, within England, and out of prison, need Claim, 9. 110 make their claim. Altered by 32 H. 8. c. 36.

* Add, of the same Tenements. t For whereas read in that.

[No. IX.] 18 Edward I. st. 1. c. I.—The Feoffee shall hold his Land of the Chief Lord, and not of the Feoffer. (I)

I8Edw.L stl. " VORASMUCH as purchasers of lands and tenements of the fees of c.l. " x great men and other lords, have many times heretofore entered into

1 Roll 106. " their fees, to the prejudice of the Lords to whom the freeholders of such

" great men have sold their lands and tenements to be holden in fee of " their Feoffers, and not of the chief Lords of the fees, whereby the same " chief Lords have many times lost their escheats, marriages, and ward-" ships of lands and tenements belonging to their fees; which thing seem-" ed very hard and extream' unto those Lords and other great men, and " moreover in this case manifest disheritance* (2) Our Lord the King, in his Parliament at Westminster, after Easter, the eighteenth year of his a m - re*6n> that *8 to *n the Quinzime of Saint John Baptist, at the inlift mS stance of the great men of the realm, granted provided and ordained, -two, 105, ^55. t q*hat from henceforth it shall be lawful to every freeman to sell at his 12 Car. II. c.24. own pleasure his lands and tenements, or part of them, so that the Fe-takes away feo- offee shall hold the same lands or tenements of the chief Lord of the dal services. same fee, by such service and customs as his Feoffer held before/

(1) For the general exposition of this important modem cases have been decided upon the effect of it.

Aft. fee 2 Institute 500. The two following Bradshaw v, Lawson, 4 T, R. 443. Lands held

t

Class I.] Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates.

of the lord of the manor by customary tenure were enfeoffed by the lord to the tenant in fee-farm, subject to a yearly rent, in lieu of all manner of ciher rents suits services exactions and demands. By a subsequent deed it was recited, that as a consideration for the former it was agreed that the feoffee and all others who should hold his estate, should do suit and service and appear at Courts Baron, and be subject to fines and amerciaments assessed by the homage; and the party to the deed (the heir of the original feoffee) covenanted in default of performing suit and service to pay 2s. 6d. And it was decided that an action of debt for the amerciament of 2s. 6d. for not attending the court, could not be maintained. Lord Kenyon said. The 4ord conveyed the property of which the defendant is now seised, to the defendant’s ancestor a customary tenant. But it has been mid that the old service! were reserved by the reservation of the fee-farm rent; but if the relation of lord and tenant absolutely ceased to exist, that rent can no longer be considered as rent service, but a rent to be recovered according to the contract between the parties. After the statute of Quia emptores, the lard could not by any deed reserve the old services when he conveyed away the estate in respect of which the services were due, for the tenant must hold of the superior lord. By the conveyance the estate was no longer parcel of the manor, nor held of the manor, neither was the defendant's ancestor any longer a tenant of the manor.

Doe on* the demise of Reay v. Huntingdon, 4 East, 271. A customary or tenant-right estate in Cumberland, not devisable either directly, or by means of a will and surrender, being holden of the load of the manor subject to customary rents and

195

other services; the lord, for certain considerations, did ratify and confirm to the tenant all his said customary estate, and did grant that the tenant should be discharged from all rents fines heriots customs services and demands in respect of his tenancy, except one penny yearly rent, and excepting and reserving suit of court with the service incident thereto, the lord reserving all royalties escheats and forfeitures, and all other advantages and emoluments belonging to the seignory so far as might consist with and not be prejudicial to the aforesaid immunities, with liberty to the grantee of cutting timber and getting stones, and alienating without consent. It was contended in a most learned argument, that the only effect of the deed was by means of covenants to compound for the payment of certain parts of the rents, and for the performance of certain burthensome services, but excepting to the lord the remainder according to the ancient tenure; and secondly, that if this were no longer the old customary estate as between lord and tenant, yet the collateral customs as to strangers might still remain; but it was decided that by the operation of the deed the immediate customs by which the tenement was distinguished from other lands holden in free and common socage had been extinguished, and the land became devisable as any other socage land under the statute of wills* The case contains a great deal of important learning respecting the extinction of tenure by the release of services, and affords one of the best views which can be any where had of the customary estates peculiar to the north of England, for which border services were anciently performed* See also Townlty v. Gibson, 2 T. R, 424. Doe v. Davidson, 2 M.fcS. 175.

[No. IX. a] Cap. 2.—If Part of the Land be sold, the Services shall be apportioned.

• 18 Edw I Ci 1

if he sell any part of such lands or tenements to any, the Feoffee 299 ’

* " shall immediately hold it of the chief Lord, and shall be forthwith pita Avowry,

‘charged with the services, for so much as pertaineth, or ought to per- joi, 108, 218.

* tain to the said chief Lord for the same parcel, according to the quantity Fit*. Heriot, 1 *

of the land or tenement so sold, (2) And so in this case the same part Bro. Tenures,

of the service shall remain to the Lord, to be taken by the hands of the 2.65.

* Feoffee, for the which he ought to be attendant and answerable to the 6 Co. 1.

‘same chief Lord, according to the quantity of the land or tenement sold 8 Co* 105.

for the parcel of the service so due/ 27 8* f j*.

v 40 Ed. 3. f. 40.

2 Inst, 503 *

[No. IX. b] Cap. 3.—No Feoffment shall be made to assure Land in Mortmain.

A ND it is to be understood, that by the said sales or purchases of lands 2 Inst. 504.

or tenements, or any parcels of them, such lands or tenements shall in no wise come into mortmain either in part or in whole, neither by policy ne craft, contrary to the form of the statute made thereupon of late. (2) And it is to wit, that this statute extendeth but only to lands holden in fee simple; (3) and that it extendeth to the time coming, and 0 tt 3 stat 1

* it shall begin to take effect at the Feast of Saint Andrew die Apostle c

* next coming. Given the eighteenth year of the reign of King Edward / For c. 32.

* son to King Henry.’ bad c, 35.


11 Hen. VII. c. 20.

Hob. 289.

] Leon. 261. 2 Leon. 169. 2 And. 44.

2 Roll. 417.

196 Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates. [Part II.

N'o. X. [No X.] 11 Henry VII. c. 20.—Certain Alienations

11 H. VII. made by the Wife of the Lands of her deceased Hus-c. 20. baud shall be void.

pOR certain reasonable considerations be it ordained enacted and established by the King our Sovereign Lord, and by the assent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by authority of the same, That if aiw woman which hath had, or hereafter shall have, any estate in dower or for term of life, or in tail, jointly with her husband, or only to herself or to her use, in any manors lands tenements or other hereditaments of the inheritance or purchase

3 Co. 58.5 Co. of her husband, or given to the said husband and wifi? in tail, or for term of 80. Bra. Judg. life, by any of the ancestors of the said husband, or by any other person 148, 153. Co. seised to the use of the said husband or of his ancestors, and have or shall Lit. 326. b. 365, hereafter being sole or with any other after taken husband, discontinued or 366, 381. Cro. discontinue aliened released or confirmed, aliene release or confirm with.

* 4* warranty, or by covin suffered or suffer any recovery of the same against 131, 513, 514. them, or any of them, or any other seised to their use or to the use of 624* 3Mod 33 e^er ^, em> a^ter the aforesaid, that all such recoveries discontinu4 Mod 85 mces alienations releases confirmations and warranties so had and made.

Alienation by an(* ^rom henceforth to be had and made, be utterly void and of none effect: the Wife of the And that it shall be lawful to every person and persons, to whom the interest Inheritance of title or inheritance, after the decease of the said women, of the said manors lands and tenements or other hereditaments, being discontinued aliened and suffered to be recovered, after the first day of December next coming in the form aforesaid should appertain, to enter into all and every of the premises and peaceably to possess and enjoy the same, in suen manner and fonn as he or they should have done, if no such discontinuance warranty nor recovery had been had nor made. And over this be it ordained and enacted by the said authority, That if any of the said huscovery or Alie- bands and women, or any other seised or that shall be seised to the use nation of the of them of the estate afore specified, after the said first day of December, Woman, he in (jQ make or cause to be made or suffer any such discontinuance aliena-the Reversion tions warranties or recoveries in form aforesaid, that then it shall be lawful to the person or persons to whom the said manors lands or tenements should or ought to belong after the decease of the said women to enter into the same, and them to possess and enjoy, according to such title and, interest as they should have had in the same if the same women had

Dyer 111, 146, been dead, no discontinuance warranty nor recovery had as against the 248, 340, 354, said husband during his life, if the said discontinuance alienation war-362. Hob. 341. ran ties and recoveries be hereafter had by or against the same husbands A Woman and women during the coverture and espousal betwixt them. Provided Covert bound alway, That the said women, after the decease of their said husbands, may but during her re-enter into the said manors lands and tenements, and them to enjoy ac-Husband’s Life, cording to their first estate in the same. And over this be it ordained 2 Bulst. 42. and enacted by the said authority, That if the said women at the time of A Woman such discontinuance alienations recoveries warranties, after the said first sole aliening, or day of December, in form aforesaid, to be had and made of any of the presuffering a Re- mises, be sole, that then she shall be barred and excluded of her title and covery. interest in the same from thenceforth; and that the person and persons

to whom the title interest and possession of the same should belong after the decease of the said woman, shall immediately after the said discontinuances alienations warranties and recoveries, enter into the same manors lands tenements and other hereditaments, and them to possess and enjoy according to his or their title in the same. Provided also, That this A Proviso for Act extend not to avoid any recovery discontinuance or warranty after a Recovery had the form aforesaid, afore this time had made and suffered, but only where before the time the said husband and woman, or either of them now being alive or any of the Statute, other to their use, now have entries and title to the said manors lands tenements or other hereditaments, aliened discontinued or suffered to be A recovered after the form aforesaid, and thereof now taking the issues and

doth dTscSS- profit or any °^.er Person or Persoas to thSir use. Prwded nue or suffer Recovery with the Heiz's consent.

her deceased Husband, shall be void.

Upon the Remay enter.

2 And. 31.

1 Co. 102.

3 Co. 50, 58.

4 Co. 3.

Class I.} Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates.

this Act extend not to any such recovery or discontinuance to be had where the heirs next inheritable to . the said woman, or he or they that next after (he death of the same woman should have estate of inheritance in the same manors lands or tenements, be assenting or agreeable to the said recoveries, where the same assent and agreement is of record or in-Tolled. Provided also, that it shall be lawftil to every such woman being sole,

or married after the death of her first husband, to give sell or make dis- 61

continuance of any such lands for term of her life only, after the course Jerm hcr life and use of the common law before the making of this present Act (1) 0D|y#

197

No. X.

11 H. VII.

c. 20. v—

A Woman *

(1) In Eyston a Studde, Plowden 459, it was held, that where a husband and wife seised in right of the wife, levied a fine to a third person who rendered the land to the husband and wife and the heirs of their bodies, the disposition of the wife after the death of the husband was not within the operation of the statute, although within the words as a purchase by the husband; u ior many times, things within the words of a statute are out of the purview, for the purview does not extend beyond the intent of the makers. And the intent is more to be weighed than the words of acts, and the intent here was that where women have jointures which proceed originally from their husbands, or the ancestors of their husbands, to restrain them from causing disherison or other injury to the heirs of their husbands, and therefore a person ought not to rest on the letter, or suppose that wherever he has the letter he has the law in his favour."—And a very valuable and elaborate note is subjoined to the case respecting the principles on which a more enlarged or restricted sense ought to be given to the words of a statute in order to answer the intent. For the general exposition of this statute, see Gilb. Uses and Trusts, 339, [157] with Mr. Sugden's notes, from which the following summary is taken.

The statute does not extend to s case where a wife before marriage conveys to the ancestor of the intended husband who recenveys to the husband and wife in tail, Plowden, ibid, or to a rent granted by the conusee of a fine of the wife’s land, Foster r. Pitfall, Cro. Eliz. 2. Nor will the husband paying a sum of money to the wife’s father vary the case. Semble Copland v. Pigot.

Neither does the statute extend to a gift by a stranger, although in consideration of services rendered by the husband. Ward v. Walthew, Cro. Jac. 153. Mo. 683, by the name of Ward tv Sudman. See Cro. Car. 244.

The statute does extend to a settlement By the husband or his ancestors in consideration of marriage, although money is also paid. Anon Mo. 93. Villen v. Lincoln, Dyer 146 a. 1 Rep. 176 a. Bendl. SeL 208 a. Kirk man r. Thompson, Cro. Jac. 474:to a settlement made by the husband by way of feoffment and reinfeoffment, Mo. ubi supra: to the husband’s moiety of lands, whereof the husband and wife are seised as. joint tenants. Laughter t*. Humphrey, Cro. Elix. 524:and every alienation contrary to the spirit of the statute is void, although not within the letter of it, Pigget v. Palmer, Mo. 250. 3 Rep. 516. The statute only applies to cases where the alienstion necessarily tends to the disherison of the heirs of the husband, ’and therefore not when the remainder is limited to a stranger with no estate of inheritance to the husband or his heirs, Foster v. Pitfall, Cro. Eliz. 2.* 1 Leon, 261: or to the wife in fee. Dennis's case, Dyer 248. R. v. Savage, Mo. 715. or in tail general. Hughs t>. Clubb, 1 Com. 369. It does not extend to cases where the consent of the next heir appears on record, Lincoln Coll, case 3 Co. 58 b. See Coates c. Price, 12 Vesey 89. A trust or equity of redemption is within the statute, Clifton r. Jackson, 2 Vera. 489: Copyholds are not, Harrington v. Smith, 2 Sid. 41—73: aliter of a copyhold whereof husband and wife are seised, and which is enfranchised for a money consideration paid by the husband. Stockbridge’s case, Cro. Eliz. 24.

[No. XI.] 21 Henry VIII. c. 4.—The Sale of Lands by Part or the Executors lawful.

4 INHERE divers sundry persons before this time, having other persons 21 H.VIILc. 4.

* TT seised to their use of and in lands and other hereditaments to and 2 Roll. 336.

* for the declaration of their wills, have by their last wills and testaments Land devised willed and declared such their said lands tenements or other heredita- to be sold by

4 merits to be sold by their executors, as well to and for the payments of divers Execu- their debts, performance of their legacies, necessary and convenient find- tors, cannot by 1 ing of their wives, virtuous bringing up and advancement of their chil- Common Law

* dren to marriage, as also for other charitable deeds to be done and exe- be "bl by put

* cuted by their Executors for the health of their souls. And notwith- of them.

* standing such trust and confidence so by them put in their said Executors, ,

* it hath oftentimes been seen, where such last wills and testaments of 9 7*gyv *

5 such lands tenements and other hereditaments have been declared, and 5^c<

4 in the same divers Executors named and made, that after the decease of

4 such Testators some of the same Executors, willing to accomplish the.

4 trust and confidence that they were put in by the said Testatdr^n^ve

Part of the Executors, who take upon them the charge of a Will, may sell any Land devised by the Testator to be sold.

3 Cro. 80.

Br. Devise, 10, 31.

Co. Lit. 113. 1.

Wills made .before this Statute.

Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates. [Part Q.

accepted and taken upon them the charge of the said testament, and < have been ready to fulfil and perform all things contained in the same; i and the residue of the same Executors, uncharitably contrary to the trust

* that they were put in, have refused to intermeddle in any wise with the

* execution of the said will and testament, or with the sale of such lands 1 so willed to be sold by the Testator. And forasmuch as a bargain and

* sale of such lands tenements or other hereditaments so willea by any person to be sold by his Executors after his decease, after the opinion of 1 divers persons, (1) can in no wise be good or effectual in the law unless 1 the same bargain and sale be made by the whole number of the Execu* tors named to and for Ibe same; by reason whereof, as well the debts of 1 such Testators have rested unpaid and unsatisfied, to the great danger and peril of the souls of such Testators, and to the great hindrance and

* many times to die utter undoing of their creditors: As also the legacies and bequests made by the Testator to his wife children and for other charitable deeds to be done for the wealth of the soul of the same Teetator that made the same testament, have been also unperformed, as-well to the extream misery of the wife and children of the said Testator, as 1 also to the let of performance of other charitable deeds for the wealth 1 of the soul of the said Testator, to the displeasure of Almighty God/ For remedy whereof, be it enacted ordained and established by the authority of this present Parliament, That where part of the Executors named in any such testament of any such person so making or declaring any such will of any such lands tenements or other hereditaments to be sold by his Executors, after the death of any such Testator, do refuse to take upon him or them the administration and charge of the same testament and last will wherein they be so named to be Executors, and the residue of the same Executors do accept and take upon them the cure and charge of the same testament and last will; that then all baigains and sales of such lands tenements or other hereditaments, so willed to be sold by the Executors of any such Testator, as well heretofore made, as hereafter to be made by him or them only of the said Executors that so doth accept, or that heretofore hath accepted and taken upon him or them any such cure or charge of administration of any such will or testament, shall be as good and as effectual in the law as if all the residue of the same Executors named in the said testament, so refusing the administration of the same testament, had joined with him or them in the making of the bargain and sale of such lands tenements or other hereditaments so willed to be sold by the Executors of any such Testator, which heretofore hath made or declared, or that hereafter shall make or declare any such will, of any such lands tenements or other hereditaments after his decease, to be sold by his Executors.

II. Provided alway, That this Act shall not extend to give power or authority to any Executor or Executors at any time hereafter to bargain or put to sale any lands tenements or hereditaments, by virtue and authority of any will or testament heretofore made, otherwise than they might.do by the course of the common law afore the making of this Act. (9)

(1) In Withnell v. Gartham, 6 T. R. 396, Lord Kenyon infers from this expression that the Act was passed rather to remove doubts than to make a new law.

(2) The doctrine established respecting this statute is contained in the following note, by Mr. Sugden, to Gilbert's Uses and Trusts, 128. [<*]

" The statute does not apply to a case of DmUh* nor was it necessary that it should. The Act was passed before the Statute of Uses, and only related to devises by persons having other persons seised to their use, and in words, it only provided for cases where lands are willed to be old, that is, where a power is given; but it waa held, since the Statute of Uses, to extend to an

absolute devise by a person seised in fee of the legal estate to sell, as wall as to a power; Bomfimt v. Greenfield, Cro. Elia. 80. See Rro, Devise, pi. 3.; and Hawkins r. Kemp, 3 East, 410. The devise must be to the persons as Executor*; or at least the fund, when raised, must be distributable by them in that character.-^A mere devise to persons to sell, and afterwards an appointment of them as executors, will not, it is said, bring the case within the Act. It waa not, however, necessary to decide the point, because a refund by the other executors was not shown. Denne v. Judge,

11 East, 288; see Bonifant v. Greenfield, ubi sup. Them is an observation of Lord Kenyon's on the preamble of the Act, in 6 Term. Rep. 396. (See the preceding note.) k must be

Class I.] Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates. 199

remembered that it only applies where one of the ekecuton refum to join; and even where that Is the case, a cautious purchaser will not accept a conveyance from one, because the other may have previously sold to some other person. Whether the receipt of the acting executor will be a good discharge under the usual power' to give receipts, see Treat, of Purch. p. 367. s. 17."

And the following is the result of Mr. Sugden’s examination of the esses respecting powers that do or do not survive. Treatise on Powers, ch. 3. e.2. pa. 140.

* 1st. That where the power is given to two

or more by their proper names, who are not made executors, it will not survive without express words. 2d* That where it is given to three or more, generally, as, to my Trustees, my Sons, dec* and not by their proper names, the authority will survive whilst the plural number remains* 3d. That where the authority is given to Executory and the will does not expressly point to a joint exercise of it, even a single surviving executor may execute it. But 4th. That where it is given to them nomtnattm, although in the character of executors, yet it is at least doubtful whether it will survive."

[No. XII.] 21 Henry VIII. c. 15.—Fermors shall enjoy their Leases against Recoveries by feigned Titles, &c.

4 WyHERE afore this time divers persons have made leases of their ma- 21 Hen, VIIL 4 11 nors lands tenements and other hereditaments, sometime by their c. 15.

* indentures, and sometime without writings, to other persons for term of J3 &

4 years, taking of them great fines for the incomes of the same leases; 1443 *

* and after the same leasors their heirs or assigns have caused and suffered

* Recoveries to be had against them in the Court of our Sovereign Lord

the King, and in other lords’ courts, upon feigned and untrue titles, by 3 3^ 245,

4 craft or covin to put the same termers from their said terms; and after 240.

* such Recoveries nad, the same Recoverees, * by reason of such Reconvenes and judgments, have entered into the same manors lands tenemerits and other hereditaments so to ferm let ten, and thereof have ex- pulsed the said Formers, contrary to their said leases covenants and agreements; and because it was doubted to some persons whether the said termers might falsify such Recoveries, or not

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King our Sovereign Lord, by the 11 Co. 33.

assent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this 2 Leon. 65. present Parliament assembled, and by the -authority of the same, That all Tenant for such termers shall and may falsify for his terra only such Recoveries, as Tenn °^e*ra well heretofore had as hereafter to be had, in such wise and form as a *

tenant of a freehold shall and may do by the course of the common law,

where such tenant of freehold was neither privy nor potty to the same totho0 *

Recovery. Revenwu.

III. And that the same termers their executors and assigns, notwith- g

standing such recoveries so had, shall retain hold and enjoy their said °

terms, according to their said leases against all such Recoverees* their ' *

heirs and assigns, as they should or might have done against the said V1* rec^ lessors if such Recovery had not been had ne suffered; and that the said "the Recoverees* their heirs and assigns, after such Recovery so had, shall have x«njmtforvw» like remedy against the said termers their executors or assigns, by avowry for Rcnt or action of debt, for the [rents and services reserved upon the same leases, being due after the same recoveries; and also like actions against them for waste done after the same recoveries so had; in like manner and form as the said leasors should or might have had if the same recoveries had never been had.

IV. And also lie it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That no Statute oc manner of statute of the staple statute merchant nor execution by elegit, Execution by be hereafter avoided, or in any wise made frustrate, by means of any such Elegit shall be feigned recovery; but that all persons having, any lands tenements or avoided by a other hereditaments in execution, or being intitled to have execution feigned Reco-of any manors lands or tenements by any such means, shall have by force very.

of this statute like remedy to avoid and falsify the same recoveries as be- Co. Lit. 104. b. fore is ordained and provided for the lease for term of years.

• [So in the authoritative copy, end. in Ruffhead. The Commissiontnr notice id the former, that

the word i»-Rtenvtrtn ie th. pouted cop*. A.H.]

200 Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Beal Estates. [Part II.

No. XIII. 32 H. VIII.

c. S3.

32 Hen. VIII. c.33.

13 Co. 6.

1 Brown. 131. Vm. V. 9. 79.

five Yean

possession in the Disseisor before his Death. Dyer, f. 219. Co. Lit. 238, 256. t.

Plowd. 47. Hob. 243.

4XXAnn. c. 16.

[No. XIII.] 32 Henry VIII. c. 33.—An Act that wrongful Disseisin is no Descent in Law.

* WHERE divers persons of thpir insatiable minds have heretofore by

* TT strength and without title, entered into manors lands tenements and other hereditaments, and wrongfully disseised the rightful owners

* and possessors thereof, and so being seised by disseisin, have thereof

* died seised, by reason of which dying seised the disseisee, or such

* other persons as before such descent might have lawfully entered into the said manors lands and tenements were and be thereby clearly excluded of their entry into the said manors lands and tenements, and put

* to their action for their remedy and recovery therein, to their great

* costs and charges; * for reformation whereof, be it enacted by the autho* rity of this present Parliament, That the dying seised hereafter of any such disseisor, of or in any manors lands tenements or other hereditaments having no right or title therein, shall not be taken or deemed from henceforth any such descent in the law, for to toll or take away the entry of any such person or persons or their heirs, which at the time of the same descent had good and lawful title of entry into the said manors lands tenements or hereditaments, except that such disseisor hath had the peaceable possession of such manors lands tenements or hereditaments, whereof he shall so die seised, by the space of five years next after the disseisin therein by him committed, without entry or continual claim by or of such person or persons as have lawful title thereunto.

32 Hen. VIII. c.34.

1 Roll 81, 359.

2 Roll 170. Cro. El. 457. Geo. Jac. 521. Godb. 161. pi. 227, 276. pi. 391.

Vaugh. 39. Stile S26.

1 Mod. 192.

1 Show. 284, 285,

I Salk. 185.

1 Vent. 10.

1 Sid. 401, 402.

2 Bulstr. 282.

Moor93, pl.230.

— 94 nl. 232.

— 159 pi. 300,

— 242 pi 380.

r-?43?US2.

— 525 pL 691.

— 527 pi. 695.

[No. XIV.] 32 Henry VIII. c.34.—Concerning Grantees of Reversions to take Advantage of the Conditions to be performed by the Lessees.

INHERE before this time divers as well temporal as ecclesiastical and religious persons have made sundry leases demises and grants to divers other persons of sundry manors lordships ferms meases lands tenements meadows pastures or other hereditaments, for term of life or lives or for term of years, by writing under their seal or seals containing certain conditions covenants ana agreements to be performed as well on the part and behalf of the said lessees and grantees their executors and assigns as on the behalf of the said lessors and grantors their heirs and successors; and forasmuch as by the common law of this realm no stranger to any covenant action or condition shall take any advantage or benefit of the same by any means or ways in the law, but only such as be parties or privies thereunto, by die reason whereof as well all grantees of reversions as also all grantees and patentees of the King our Soverign Lord, of sundry manors lordships granges ferms meases lands tenements meadows pastures or other hereditaments* late belonging to monasteries and other religious and ecclesiastical houses dissolved suppressed renounced relinquished forfeited given up, or by other means come to the hands and possession of the King’s Majesty 6ince the fourth day of February, the seven and twentieth year of hift most noble reign, bo excluded to have any entry or action against the said lessees and grin tees their executors or assigns, which the lessors before that time might by the law have had against the same lessees for the breach of any condition Covenant or agreement comprised! in the indentures of their said leases demises and grants* Be it therefore enacted by the King our Sovereign Lord the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by authority of the same, That as well all and every persons and bodies politick their heirs successors and assigns, which have or shall have any gift or grant of our said Sovereign Lord by his letters patents of any lordships manors lands tenements rents parsonages tithes portions or any other hereditaments, or of any reversion or reversions of the same, which did belong or appertain to any of the said monasteries and

Class I.] Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates. 201

other religious and ecclesiastical houses, dissolved suppressed relin- No. XIV. qutshed forfeited or by any other means come to the king’s hands, oo u viIT since the said fourth day of February the seven and twentieth year of n‘ ^U1, his most noble reign, or which at any time heretofore did belong or 34.

appertain to any other person or persons, and after came to the hana9 of our said Sovereign Lord, as also all other persons being grantees or assig- _ .

nees to or by our said Sovereign Lord the King, or to or by any other person or persons than the King’s Highness ana the heirs executors sue- uJw ^rantage cessors and assigns of every of them, shall and may have and enjoy like of Conditions advantages against the lessees their executors administrators and assigns tn<i Covenants by entry for non-payment of the rent, or for doing of waste or other for- against the Les-feiture; and also shall and may have and enjoy all and every such like sees of the same and the same advantage benefit and remedies by action only, for not Lands, performing of other conditions covenants or agreements contained and Moor 876. expressed in the indentures of their 9aid leases demises or grants, against pi. 1228. all and every the said lessees and farmers and grantees their executors .Goldsb. 175. administrators and assigns, as the said lessors or grantors themselves or their heirs or successors ought should or might have had and enjoyed at 5°wd, //:a any time or times, in like manner and form as if the reversion of such *

lands tenements or hereditaments had not come to the hands of our said i go’ Sovereign Lord his heirs and successors, should or might have had and j? Co> enjoyed in certain cases by virtue of the Act made at the first Session of Bro Entre‘ C0Q_ this present Parliament, if no such grant by letters patents had been geaye made by his Highness. Cro. EL 600, 863. Cro Jac. 305. Cro. Car. 24, 44* 137.

II. Moreover be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all farmers Lessees may lessees and grantees of lordships manors lands tenements rents par- have the like sonages tithes portions or any other hereditaments for term of years life remedy against or lives, their executors administrators and assigns, shall and may have d* Grantees of like action advantage and remedy against all and every person and pCr- Revemona sons and bodies politick their heirs successors and assigns which have or w{"^h they shall have any gift or grant of the King our Sovereign Lord, or of ^any mi8ht

other person or persons, of the reversion of the same manors lands tene- b

ments and other hereditaments so letten, or any parcel thereof, for any £^er f *« condition covenant or agreement contained or expressed in the indentures 3 of their lease and leases, as the same lessees or any of them might and 5 Co* should have had against the said lessors and grantors their heirs and successors; all benefits and advantages of recoveries in value by reason of any warranty in deed or in law by voucher or otherwise only excepted.

III. Provided always, That this Act, nor any thing or things therein contained, shall extend to hinder or charge any person or]>ersons for the breach of any covenant or condition comprised m any suck writing as is aforesaid, ljut for such covenants and conditions as shall be broken or not performed after the first day of September next coming, and not before;

any thing before in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwith- Co. Lit. 215. standing. (1)

(1) The following exposition of this Act is given by Sir Edward Coke, 1 Inst. 215.

« Upon this Act divers resolutions and judgements have been given which are necessary to be known.

1. That the said Statute is general, vis. that the grantee of the reversion of every common person as well as of the King shall take advantage of conditions.

9. That the Statute doth extend to grants made by the successors of the King, albeit the King be only named in the Act.

3. That where the Statute speaketh of lessees, that the same doth not extend to gifts in taiL

4. That where the Statute speaks of grantees sad assignees of the reversion, that an assignee of

part of the state of reversion may take advantage of the condition. As if lessee for life be, Arc. and the reversion is granted for life, &c. So if lessee for years, &c. be, and the reversion is granted for yean, the grantee for yean shall take benefit of the condition in respect of this word executors in the Act.

5. That a grantee of part of the revenion shall not take advantage of the condition; as if the lease be of three acres, reserving a rent upon condition, and the revenion is granted of two acres, the rent shall be apportioned by the act of the parties, but the condition is destroyed, for thst it is entire and against common right.

6. That in the King’s case, the condition in thst case is not destroyed, but remains still in the

King.

202 Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates. [Part IL

7. By act in law a condition may be apportioned m the case of a common person; as if a lease for yean be made of two acres, one of the nature of Borough English, the other at the Common Law, and the lessor haring issue twe sons dieth, each of them shall enter for the condition broken, and likewise a condition shall be apportioned by the act and wrong of the lessee, as hath been said in the chapter of rents.

8. If a lease for life be made, reserving a rent upon condition, &c. the lessor levies a fine of the reversion, he is grantee or assignee of the reversion; but without attournment he shall not take Advantage of the condition, for the makers of the statute intended to have all necessary incidents observed, otherwise it might be mischievous to the lessee.

9. There is a diversity between a condition that is compulsory, and a power of revocation that is voluntary; for a man that hath a power of revocation may by his own act extinguish his power of revocation in part, as by levying of a fine of part; and yet the power shall remain for the residue, because it is in the nature of a limitation, and not of a condition; and so it was resolved in the Earl of Shrewsbury’s case in the Court of Wards. Pasch. 39 Eliz. and Mich. 40 and 41 Eliz.

10. If the lessor bargain and sell the reversion by deed' indented and inrolled, the bargainee is not in the per by the bargainor, and yet he is an assignee within the statute. So if the lessor grants the reversion in fee to the use of A and his heirs, A is a sufficient assignee within the statute, because he comes in by the act and limitation of the party, albeit he is in the past, and the words of the statute be, to or by, and they be assignees to him, although they be net by him; but such as come in merely by act in law, as the Lord of the Villiene, the Lord by Escheat, the Lord that entereth or claimeth by Mortmain, or the like, shall not take benefit of this statute.

11. If the lessor in the case before, bargain and sell the reversion by deed indented and inrolled, or if the lessor make a feoffment in fee, and the lessee re-enter, the grantee or feoffee shall not take any advantage of any condition without making notice to the lessee.

•12. Albeit the whole words of the statute be for non-payment of the rent, or for doing of waste oe other forfeiture, yet the grantees or assignees shall not take benefit of every forfeiture by force of a condition, but only of such conditions as other are incident to the reversion, as rent, or for the benefit of the state* as for not doing of waste, for keeping the houses in reparations, for making of fences, scouring of ditches, for preserving of woods, or such like, and not for the payment of any sum in > gross, delivery of corn wood, or the* like, so as other forfeiture shall be taken for other forfeitures like to those examples which were there put (viz.) of payment of rent, and not doing of waste which axe for the benefit of the reversion." And see note ibid, in the

* Attournment is taken away per 4 5 Anne,

al6t

late editions of Co. Lit. from Lord Nottingham’s MSS.

The statute only gives a remedy for and against persons who by assignment become entitled to the reversion, the liability of the assignee of the term, and his right to maintain an action of covenant against the lessor and his heirs, is at Common Law.

Such an action can only be maintained against the assignee of the entire legal interest of the whole or part of the premises demised—therefore it cannot be maintained against the grantee of a lessee for lives for 99 years, if the lives should se long live, in as full and ample a manner as the lessee held.—Earl of Derby t>. Taylor, 1 East 502.

In Eaton v. Jacques, Doug. 454, it was held that a mortgagee by assignment of the whole leasehold interest, who had not taken possession, was not liable in covenant; but this is very much questioned by Lord Kenyon, in Westerdell & Dale, 7 Term Rep. 312. and Stone v. Evans, at N. P. cited 7 East 341. In Walker v. Reeves, Doug. 461, an averment tint the assignee continued in possession was hohlen insufficient as a replication to a plea that ho had assigned it over to another; but that case was decided by the same Judges, as Eaton and Jacques, and distinguished from it on the ground of the latter being a mortgage. Assignees under a commission of bankrupt having taken the property, as such are chargeable in‘covenant, and having once accepted the property they cannot afterwards reject it. But the merely offering it to sale is not such an assumption of the property as to charge them with the covenants. Turner r. Richardson, 7 East 335, and Browne r. Robinson, there cited. An executor or administrator upon whom a term devolves, is answerable de bonis propriis, as an assignee, Tilney v. Norris, 1 Salk. 309.

Covenant will lie against an assignee of part of the estate, Cougham v. King, Cro. Car. 222* Stevenson r. Lambard, 2 East 575, and in such an action there may be an apportionment of rent, although there cannot in the case of the immediate lessee.

It is settled that an assignee can only be charged for breaches incurred during his having the estate, in the premises, and that such liability is divested by an assignment to a beggar, or a person leaving the kingdom, or'who does not take actual possession, or to a feme covert whose husband does not assent, or a prisoner for debt. Pitcher v. Tovey, 1 Salk. 31. Bamfather v. Jordan, Doug. 425. Lekeux v, Nash, 2-Stf. 1221. Taylor v. Sturm, 1 Bos. and PulL 21. And notice of such assignment is not necessary. Pitcher v. Tovey, ub. supra.

It is also settled that a lessee continues liable notwithstanding any assignment, and such leasee cannot plead his bankruptcy in bar. Aurid r. Mills, 4 T. R. 94. except by virtueof 49 Geo. III# c. 121. which releases the bankrupt in ease the asrignees accept the lease and the benefit therefrom as a part of the estate.

It is agreed that the statute relates only to assignees of a-Tevexsion expectant upon, leases fox

Claes 1.] Miscellaneous Statute* concerning Real Estates. 208

life or yean, and not to the assignees of grantees in fee or tail; —and it is also evident that none of the expressions in the Statute give a right of action to the second assignee of a term against the first assignor. And the recital of the Statute, that by the Common Law no stranger to any covenant shall take any benefit or advantage of the same, but only such as be parties or privies- thereunto, with the necessity for such an enactment as constitutes the general purview of the Statute would seem to show, that where there is no reversion the aangnee of s purchaser of an estate would hare no remedy on the covenants of the original grantor, for between such grantor and the assignee there does not appear to be any actual privity.

But the law seems to be, that such assignee is entitled to the benefit of covenants for title made with his assignor or any under whom he claims. In Middlemen u. Goodale, RoL Abr. 521. (6 Viner .392) Cro. Car. 503—505. Sir William Jones, 406, the right to maintain such action upon a conveyance of the inheritance at com man law is admitted by the Court as clear law, and the right of a sub-asrignee of a tenn is also admitted both by the Court and Sir £. Coke as counsel for the defendant, in Andes u. Nones, Moore, 419, Cro. Elis. 373—436, and although in both them cases the judgment was given for the defendant on collateral grounds, and there does not appear to be any case in the books in which judgment was actually given for the assignee in an action upon such covenants, I apprehend that the right of maintaining such action may be regarded as a settled point.

A warranty extends to assigns if named, but otherwise not. Co. Lit. 384—6.

With respect to covenants for the payment’of a rent charge issuing out of land, the principal question in Brewster v. Kitchin, 1 Lord Ram. 317, was upon the construction of a covenant for the payment of a rent charge without deducting taxes, and the application of such a covenant to taxes newly imposed, upon which Hoi. C. J. delivered the opinion of the court in favour of the plaintiff; —» but then, '* says the Reporter, " he made another question, which was not observed at the bar nor by any other of the other judges, viz. whether the tenre tenant is liable to an action upon this covenant, and he was of opinion that he was not. For by him, if tenant in fee grants a rent charge out of lands and covenants to pay it, 'without deduction for himself and his heirs, you may maintain covenant against the grantor and his heirs, but not against the assignee, for it-is a mere personal covenant and cannot run with the land; and for a case in point, he cited Hardres, 87 pL 5. Code and the Earl of Arundel." Therefore since it doth not appear that the defendant ia bound by this covenant, for this reason, ho. was of opinion that judgment ought to bn given for the defendant. But the other three, judges seemed to bean a surprise, and not m truth to comprehend this objection, and therefore they persisted in their former opinion, talking of agreements, intent of the petty, binding the land, and 1 know not what. They gave judgment for the plaintiff against, the opinion of Holt Ch» J. for the reason aforesaid.

Although in the preceding case the decision was in favour of the plaintiff, the eminence not only of the <fisaentient judge, but of the reporter, who intimates his opinion in such striking terms, might probably afford sufficient ground for considering the question referred to as open to further enquiry—hut in Roach v. Wadharo, 6 East 289, which involved the tame point, the opinion of the court was in favour of the defendant upon another ground, and no question was made as to the liability of the defendant supposing him to stand in the character of assignee. Mr. Sugden in his Treatise on Powers, p. 237, animadverts with much particularity upon the ground of the decision, without touching upon die point in question, or rather taking it for granted; —but I should conceive that the mere negative argument of the point not haring engaged the attention of the eminent persons who decided that case cannot be regarded es decisive, if upon examination a different conclusion should be found more consonant to law. And no instance can better exemplify the weakness of such a negative argument in general, than that of Brewster v. Kitchin, in which the paint occurred only to the Chief Justice, whose name is at least an indisputable authority for its being a question entitled to considerable attention.

The case above referred to by C. J. Holt, of Cook r. Earl of Arundel, Hardres 87, was a suit in equity to make the defendant's lands subject to a fee-farm rent, and to charge them with it, for that the Duke of Norfolk, who had in his bands both the plaintiff s and defendant's lands subject to this rent, had granted the plaintiff's lands to one under whom the plaintiff claimed, and covenanted that they should be discharged from i his rent, upon which covenant the plaintiff sought relief, and would have taken it to be a real covenant which should run with the land, and charge the other lands with che whole rent; but the Court was clear of opinion that it was no morn than an ordinary and personal covenant which must charge the heir only in respect of assets and not otherwise.

In tha Year Book, 42 Ed. 3.—3. a case is cited and admitted of an action by an asrignee upon a covenant by one parcener upon a partition to acquit the other of suit—as a covenant running with the land—and the case is cited as undisputed law in Speocer's case, 5 Co. 18.1 Inst. 385* There are also two case# in the Year Books, 42Ed. 3.—8. 2 H. 4.-9. of covenants by a Friar with the consent of his convent to find a Priest to officiate in the chapel of the covenantee? and the intonations of the Court were, that such covenant might run with the land in favour of the alienee—neither of the cases was actually decided, but the doctrine-is deed as good lair by Lord. Coke in the paaages last referred to It seems however to deserve consideration, whether the doctrine could be applied to the case of air individual entering into any covenant in respect of the land of a stranger with which he had n» concern, to as to matntHin an action oo the covenant by an alienee, of the land.

In Heimes v. Buckley, Pkec. Ch» 3* 1 Eq.

vjOCK^IC

204 Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates. [Part II.

abr. 27, a person granted a watercourse and covenanted to cleanse it, and afterwards upon a suit in equity between the alienees of the respective parties, the Court held that it was a covenant that run with the land—-and decided accordingly; but one ingredient in the case was, that the cleaning had been rendered more chargeable by a building erected by the defendant.

|t In the Mayor, &c. of Carlisle v. Blamire, 8 East, 487, decided in favour of the defendant, upon a ground which will presently he mentioned, it seems clearly taken for granted, that upon the grant of so much of a river running through certain lands as would be sufficient for supplying a mill with water, an action might be maintained against the alienee of the land, upon a covenant not to divert the water.

In conveyances of small parcels of land, it is very common to insert covenants for building in a particular manner, or for not exercising particular trades. How far the covenants are binding, except between the immediate parties, seems very

Suestionable. There is no subsisting ptivity in lie grantor, in respect of any right or interest in the land to which after the alienation he is merely a stranger, still less is there any semblance of privity between the grantee and the owner of any other premises. The benefit of the covenant is not assignable at law as a matter in gross, neither does it appear to be a right transmissable by inheritance; and it may also be important to consider how far the doctrine involved in the two last mentioned cases, with respect to charging persons to whom land may come in a course of Alienation with covenants entered into by preceding owners, at any remote antecedent period, can legally be carried.

To the instances contained in the eighth member of the preceding extract from first Institutes, of a bargainee or a party taking under the Statute of Uses, because he comes in by the act and disposition of the party, may be added the case of a person who takes the reversion by a common recovery, and who, as the law is laid down in the case of Lincoln College, 3 Rep. 62, may take advantage of the statute, because he comes in by the limitation and act of the party. In Mod. 192, the report was reflected upon by Sergeant Maynard, who said there was no such resolution in the case of Lincoln College; but the Court said thst the report, whether there were any resolution in the case or not, was founded on so good reason that conveyances since had gone according to it. And in Glover r. Cope, 3 Lev. 326, it was rrtolved that a surrenderee of a copyhold is within the Act, contrary to a preceding resolution in Brasier v. Beal, Yelv. 222, founded on the ground of the surrenderee being in by the act of the lord.

In all these authorities it seems to be agreed that if in substance the estate was transmitted by the act and disposition of the party, he shall be considered as au assignee and grantee within the statute, although technically speaking the act of conveyance might not be strictly a grant or assignment—or in other words, that the right and obligation of the covenant followed the transmission of the estate without regard to the mode or character of the conveyance, and I am not aware of any authority in which the opposite doctrine is directly stateii—but in the late case of Roach and Wadham, which was argued very elaborately, upon the question whether a disposition operated as a grant of the estate or the execution of a power, it was completely assumed without argument or observation that the appointee 'under a power was net subject to the covenants of the appointor—of course no reference was made to the statute, and the case could not be brought within the immediate operation of it, being a conveyance in fee; but the several authorities which have been referred to do not proceed upon any minute verbal criticism on the language of the statute, but upon the broad general principle of the obligation following the disposition of the estate; and I should conceive that the case of a bargainee would be regarded as completely analogous to that of an appointee.

The justice of the case is very manifest, and it may be hoped that, without any disrespect towards those who were engaged in the agitation of the case referred to, a point of such importance would not be entirely laid at rest by a mere reference to their implied authority, without a more direct and ample consideration of the immediate question.

To the cases mentioned by Sir Edward Coke of a lord taking an estate by escheat who cannot have tfre benefit of the statute, may be added Lord Thre’r v. Barton, Moore, 94—Chaworth v. Phillips, Moore, 876, in which it was held that if a lessee make an underlease and surrender he in reversion cannot take the benefit of the condition, because he is in of another estate Paramount; —and in Webb v. Russell, 3 Term Repu 393, R was held that the grant of the reversion to the lessee extinguished die covenants of the sub-lessee —but it is very material to advert to the expressions in Moore, and that it is not merely that the party was in of another estate, but of another estate paramount. The point involves a question respecting leases made under powers with covenants to the lessor—in respect of which it is very evident that the party in reversion or remainder does not come in by any act or limitation of the party making the lease. The point was mentioned arguendo in Webb r. Russell, and I have known it occur in practice upon a case which went off upon other grounds.

[Since writing the present note it was determined in the case of Isherwood «. Oldknow, 3 M. and . 382, HR. 1815, B. R. after very full discussion at the bar, that a remainder man may maintain an action of covenant upon the covenant to the tenant for life in a lease made pursuant to a power.]

With respect to conditions at least, which are alway construed striedy, it seems very difficult to maintain that a condition that A, his heirs or assigns may re-enter, is to be taken advantage of by a party who by no posable extension on construction can be regarded as standing in either of those situations; and that it would be necessary expressly to give the benefit of the condition to such other persons to whom the reversion might belong, in which case, being ingrafted in the original power of leasing, it might hot be subject to the objection 1C

Class I.] Miscellaneous Statutes

against a condition being reserved to a stranger. *Thc whole of the subject last discussed seems very proper for the attention of the legislature, so as to place the matter perfectly upon the footing which is required by the justice and equity of the case. Probably in most of the cases a court of equity would feel itself competent to apply the necessary relief.

In Webb v. Russell, above referred to, the lease was made by the mortgager and the mortgagee of a term. The covenants were entered into with the mortgagor, and it was held that no action could be maintained upon them by the assignees of the mortgagee who had acquired the reversion vested in the mortgagor. The discussion of the case containsa great body of important learning upon the general subject of this note. In a subsequent case upon the same covenant it was held that die action might be maintained in the name of the original covenantee (the mortgagoi) as being a covenant in gross not affected by his alienation. Stokes v. Russell, 3 T. R. 678, affirmed on Writ of Error, 1 H. Bl. 562.

The decision in the case of the Mayor, &c. of Carlisle r, Blamire, 8 East, 487, already referred to, was that an action of covenant could not be brought against a person as assignee in respect of any equity of redemption, the legal fee being vested in another person as assignee not in possession.

The leading authority with respect to the distinctions between covenants that do or do not run with the land (or in other words which an heir or assignee are subject to or may uke the benefit of) is Spencer's Case, 5 Rep. 16 a, in which the following rules are laid down:—1. When a covenant extends to a thing in esse at the time of the demise the tl\ing to be done is in a manner annexed and appurtenant to the thing demised, and will bind the assignee although net named, as to repair the house demised. A covenant to build a wall upon the land demised will bind the assignees if named; but a covenant to do a collateral thing as to build a house on the land of theiessor will not.—3. A covenant with respect -to personal things demised with the land, as a flock of sheep, will not bind the assignee although named.

It is also held in Spencers case that a husband taking a term iu right of his wife a tenant, by statute merdiant or statute staple or elegit or a purchaser of a term under an execution, shall have the benefit of the covenants.

In Bally v, Wells, 3 Wils. 25, it was ruled that

concerning Real Estates. 205

a covenant by a lessee of tithes not to accept a composition binds the assignee, he being named. See also the full and elaborate judgment of ‘Lord Ch. J. Wilmot upon this Case in his own reports, p. 348. A covenant that the lessee his executors and administrators will reside upon the premises is binding upon the assignee, although not named. Tatem v, Chaplin, 2 H. Bl. 133.

A covenant to erect a mill and not to have any persons to work there who are not settled in the parish is personal, and does not bind the assignee. Mayor, Ac. c. of Congleton v. Pattison, 10 East 130. Upon covenant by the lessee to plant trees on land, and by the lessor for himself his heirs executors and administrators to pay for them at a fair valuation by two persons named, the assignee of the lessor not being named is not bound. Gray v. Cuthbertson. Selwyn N. P. 2 Ed. 445.

As to whether an assignee of the reversion can take advantage of a covenant not to assign. See Lomas v. How, Sir T. Raym. 250.

In Thursby v. Plant, 1 Saunders 237, it was held that the statute transferred the privity of contract from the lessor to his assignee, and that consequently an action by or against such an assignee is transitory as well as one between the lessor and lessee; but any action by or against the assignee of the lessee is local and can only be brought in the county where the land demised is situate, being in respect merely of privity of estate. See Stevenson v. Lambard, 2 East 575. Barker r. Darner, Carth. 182. Salk. 80; but a declaration laying the venue in another county is cured by verdict, Mayor of London v. Cole, 7 T. R. 583. In covenant again* an assignee it is sufficient to state that the premises came to defendant by assignment, and it is not ?ny variance if it should appear that he took them as heir. Derisley v. Custance, 4 T. R. 75, but a party tuing as assignee must specifically set forth his title. It may deserve consideration whether it might not be desirable to allow such an assignee to state his title generally in covenant, as may be done by statute in an avowry for rent.

If a tenant in tail make a lease not warranted by statute, and after hit death the lessee assign, the assignee cannot maintain an action on the covenant for quiet enjoyment, the estate to which the covenant was annexed having determined before his. interest commenced, and the right by estoppel not extending to such a case. Andrew v. Pearce, 1 Bos. and P. N. R, 158.

[No. XV.] 12 Charles II. c. 24.—An Act for taking

away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights-Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof.

4 THU ERE AS it bath been found by former experience, That the courts 1 of wards and liveries, and tenures by knights-service, either of the

* King or others, or by knights-service in capite, or socage in capite of the 1 King, and the consequents upon the same, have been much more bur- thensome grievous and prejudicial to the Kingdom than they have been beneficial to the King: And whereas since the intermission of the said court, which hath been from the four and twentieth day of February,

* which was in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred forty and

Vjv

12 Car. II. c. 24.

The Reasons of this Act.

The Court of Wards and Liveries, Primer Seisins, &c. taken away.

Fines for Alienations, See, taken away.

Tenures by Knights-Service taken away. Mad. Hist. Exc. 432, 433.

Tenures by Homage, Escuage, &c. charged.

dis32 Hen. VIII. c. 46, and

33 Hen. VIII. c. 22, repealed.

All Tenures to be created by the King hereafter shall be free and common Socage. Dyer 44. pL 28,

Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Beal Estates. [Part II.

five, many persons have by will and otherwise made disposal of their lands held by knights-service, whereupon divers questions might possibly arise unless some seasonable remedy be taken to prevent the same Be it therefore enacted by the King our Sovereign Lord, with the assent of the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, and it is hereby enacted, That the court of wards and liveries, and all wardships liveries primer seisins and ousterlemains values and forfeitures of marriages, by reason of any tenure of the King's Majesty, or of any other by knights-service, and all mean rates, and all other gifts grants charges incident or arising for or by reason of wardships liveries primer seisins or ousterlemains be taken away and discharged, and are hereby enacted to be taken away and discharged, from the said twenty-fourth day of February one thousand six hundred forty-five; any law statute custom or usage to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding: And that all fines for alienations seizures and pardons for alienations tenure by homage, and all charges incident or arising for or by reason of wardship livery primer seisin or ousterlemain, or tenure by knights-ser-vice escuage, and also aid pur file marrier, and pur fair fitz chivalier, all other charges incident thereunto, be likewise taken away and discharged from the said twenty-fourth day of February one thousand six hundred forty and five: any law statute custom or usage to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding:And that all tenures by knights-service of the King, or of any other person, and by knights-service in capite, and by socage in capite of the King, and the fruits and consequents thereof, happened or which shall or may hereafter happen or arise thereupon or thereby, be taken away and discharged; any law statute custom or usage to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstandingt and all tenures of any honours manors lands tenements or hereditaments, or any estate of any inheritance at the common law, held either of the King or of any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, are hereby enacted to be turned into free and common socage, to all intents and purposes, from the said twenty-fourth day of February one thousand six hundred forty-five, and shall be so construed adjudged and deemed to be from the said twenty-fourth day of February one thousand six. hundred forty-five, and for ever thereafter, turned into free and common socage; any law statute custom or usage to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding;

II. And that the same shall for ever hereafter stand and be discharged of all tenure by homage escuage voyages royal and charges for the same, wardships incident to tenure by knights-service, and values and forfeitures of marriage, and all other charges incident to tenure by knights-service, and of ana from aide pur file marrier, and aide pur fair fitz chivalier; any law statute usage or custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: And that all conveyances and devises of any manors lands tenements and hereditaments made since the said twenty-fourth day of February, shall be expounded to be of such effect as if the same manors lands tenements and hereditaments had been then held and continued to be holden in free and common socage only; any law statute custom or usage to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further ordained and enacted by the authority of this present Parliament, That one Act made in the reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled An Act for the establishment vf the Court of the King’s Wards; and also one Act of Parliament made in the thirty-third year of the reign of the said King Henry the Eighth, concerning the officers of the courts of wards and liveries, and every clause article artd matter in the said Acts contained, shall from henceforth be repealed and utterly void.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all tenures hereafter to be created by the King's Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any gifts or grants of any manors lands tenements or hereditaments, of any estate of inheritance at the common luW, shall be in free and common socage, and shall be adjudged to be in free and common socage only, and not by knights-service, or in capite, and shall be disClass I.] Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates.

charged of all wardship value and forfeiture of marriage livery primer seisin ousterUmain, aide pur fair fitz chivalier and pur file marrier; any law statute or’reservation to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That this Act, or any thing herein contained, shall not take away, nor be construed to take away, any rents certain hcriots or suits of court belonging or incident to any former Proviso for ' tenure now taken away or altered by virtue ot this act, or other services Rente certain, incident or belonging to tenure in common socage; due or to grow due to Heriots, &c. the King’s Majesty, or mean lords, or other private person, or the fealty

and distresses incident thereunto; and that such relief shall be paid in respect of such rents as is paid in case of a death of a tenant in socage.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any thing herein con- Fines for Alie-tained shall not take away, nor be construed to take away any fines for nation, alienation due by particular customs of particular manors and places,

other than fines for alienations of lands or tenements holden immediately of the King in capite.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Tenures in thing therein contained, shall not take away, or be construed to take Frank Almoign. away, tenures in Frank-Almoign, or to subject them to any greater or Copy of Court other services than they now are; nor to alter or change any tenure by Roll.

copy of court-roll, or any services incident thereunto; nor to take away H the honorary services of grand serjeantry, other than of wardship marriage Services^ and value of forfeiture of marriage escuage voyages royal and other charges incident to tenure by knights-service; and other than aide pur fair fitz chivalier, and aide pur file marrier.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where Parents may

any person hath or shall have any child or children (1) under the age of dispose of the one and twenty years, and not married at the time of his death, that it Custody of shall and may be lawful to and for the father of such child or children. Children during whether bom at the time of the decease of the father, or at that time in their Minority. venire %a mere, or whether such father be within the age of one and twenty }77 '

years or of full age, by deed executed in his life-time, or by his last will add 3 Mod*24 testament in writing, in the presence of two or more credible witnesses, (2)

in such manner and from time to time as he shall respectively think fit, to dispose of the custody and tuition of such child or children for and during such time as he or they shall respectively remain under the age of one and twenty years, or any lesser time, to any person or persons (8) in possession or remainder, other than popish recusants; and that such disposition of the custody of such child or children, made since the twenty-fourth of February one thousand six hundred and forty-five, or hereafter to be made, shall be good and effectual against all and every person or persons claiming the custody or tuition of such child or children as guardian in socage or otherwise: And that such person or persons to whom the custody of such child or children hath been or shall be so disposed or devised as aforesaid, shall and may maintain an action of ravishment . of ward or trespass against any person or persons which shall wrongfully Actions of Ra-take away or detain such child or children, for the recovery of such child ^Tll’Jeat or children; and shall and may recover damages for the same in the Wards* said action for the use and benefit of such child or children. (4)

IX. And be it further enacted, That such person or persons to whom L . the custody of such child or children hath been or shall De so disposed or children and devised, shall and may take into his or their custody to the use of such the manage_ child or children the profits of all lands tenements and hereditaments of ment

Personal Estate by their Guardians.1 2

(1) The Act does not extend to illegitimate children.—See Croke’s Report of Horner v. liddiard. See also Priestly r. Hughes, 11 East. 1.

(2) A mere revocation of an appointment of guardian by will may be by writing unattested— but a writing, purporting to appoint a new guardian, and void for that purpose tor want of attestation, does not operate as a revocation. Exparte Earl of Ilchester, 7 Vesey, 348.

(3) Guardianship to two survives. Eyre t/* Countess of Shaftesbury, 2 P. Wms. 103.

(4) The customary right of a lord, in respect of copyholds is not taken away by this statute. Clinch v. Cudmore, Lutw. 1187. 3 Lev. 395* Comb. 253.

Honour Feodal.

Purveyances taken away.

Purveyances for the King, Queen, &c.

Timber, Carts, Carriages, 8cc. taken away. Altered by 13 Car. II. stat. 1, c. 8, sec. 2.

13 8c 14 Car. II. c. 20. sec. 1, and 1 Jac. 2, c. 10.

No Pre-emption, &c.

Miscellaneous Statute.s concerning Heat Estates. [Part II.

such child or children; and also the custody tuition and management of the goods chattels and personal estate of such child or children, till their respective age of one and twenty years or any lesser time, according to such disposition aforesaid, and may bring such action or actions in relation thereunto as by law a guardian in common socage might do. (5)

X. Provided also, That mis Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to alter or prejudice the custom of the city of London, nor of any other city or town corporate, or of the town of Berwick-upon-l'uxed, concerning orphans; nor to discharge any apprentice from his apprenticeship, p

XI. Provided also, That neither this Act nor any thing therein contained, shall infringe or hurt any title oF honour feodal or other, by which any person hath or may have right to sit in the Lords House of Parliament, as to his or their title of honour or sitting in Parliament and the privilege belonging to them as Peers; this Act or any thing therein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

4 XII. And whereas by like experience it hath been found, That though divers good strict and wholesome laws have been made in the times of sundry his Majesty's most noble progenitors, some extending so far

* as to life for redress of the grievances and oppressions committed by the persons employed for making provisions for the King's household carriages and other purveyance for his Majesty and his occasions'; yet divers oppressions have been still continued, and several counties have submitted themselves to sundry rates and taxes and compositions to

* redeem themselves from such vexations and oppressions: And foras* much as the Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament do find that

* the said remedies are not fully effectual, and that no other remedy will

* be so effectual and just as to take away the occasion thereof, especially if satisfaction and recompence shall be therefore made to his Majesty 1 his heirs and successors, which is hereby provided to his Majesty's 1 good-liking and content; ' his Majesty is therefore graciously pleased. That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, That from henceforth no sum or sums of money or other thing shall be taken raised taxed rated imposed paid or levied for or in regard of any provision carriages or purveyance for his Majesty his heirs or successors.

XIII. And that henceforth no person or persons by any warrant commission or authority under the Great Seal or otherwise, by colour of buying or making provision or purveyance for his Majesty or any Queen of England for me time being, or of any the children of any King or Queen of England for the time being, or that shall be, or for his their or any of their household, shall take any timber fuel cattle com grain malt hay straw victual cart carriage or other thing whatsoever of any the subjects of his Majesty his heirs or successors, without the free and full consent of the owner or owners thereof had and obtained without menace or infurcement; nor shall summon warn take use or require any of the said subjects to furnish or find any horses oxen or other cattle carts ploughs wains or other carriages for the use of his Majesty his heirs or successors, or of any Queen of England, or of any child or children of any the Kings or Queens of England for the time being, for the carrying the goods of his Majesty his heirs or successors, or the said Queens or children or any of them, without such full and free consent as aforesaid; any law statute custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

aIV. And be it further enacted, That uo pre-emption shall be allowed or claimed in the behalf of his Majesty or any of his heirs or successors, or of any the Queens of England, or of any the children of the Royal Family lor the time being, in market or out of market; but that it be for ever hereafter free to all and every of the subjects of his Majesty to sell

(5) Sec Statute of Marlebridge, 52 Hen. 111. c. 17, ante No. 4, as to the authority and duty of guardians in socage, and notes; etiam Roe v. Hodgson, 2 Wils. 135. As to the functions of such

guardian, see D. of Beaufort v. Bertie, 1 P. Wms. 705, and Eyre v. Countess of Shaftesbury, 2 P. Wms. 103. 1 Fonblanque’s Notes to Treatise of Equity, 251, 262.

Class I.] Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates.

ispose or employ his said goods to any other person or persons as him-celf Jisteth, any pretence of making provision or purveyance of victual Carriages or other thing for his Majesty his heirs‘and successors or of the

aid Queens or children, or any pretence of pre-emption in their or any of their behalfs, notwithstanding: And if any person or persons shall make provbion or purveyance for his Majesty his heirs or successors or The Penalty, any the Queens or children aforesaid, or impress or take any such carriages or other things aforesaid, on any pretence or colour of any warrant aforesaid under the Great Seal, or otherwise contrary to the intent hereof, it shall be lawful for the Justices of Peace or such two or one of them as dwell near, and to the Constables of such parish or village where such occasion shall happen, at the request of the party grieved, and they are hereby enjoined, to commit or cause to be committed the party or parties ao doing and offending to gaol till the next Sessions, there to be indicted and proceeded against for the same; and that the officers and inhabitants of the village or parish where such offence shall happen, shall be assistant therein; and moreover the party grieved shall have his action or actions against such offender or offenders, and therein recover his treble damages No Action and treble costs: in which action no essoin wager of law aid-prayer privilege upon this Su-protection imparlance injunction or order of restraint shall be granted or tute to ha allowed:Ana if any person or persons shall (after notice given that the hut by

action depending is grounded upon this Statute) cause or procure any er action at the common law grounded on this Statute to be delayed, or stayed before judgment, by colour or means of any order power warrant coon floor authority, save only of the Court where such action shall be brought and depending, or after judgment had upon such action shall cause or procure execution of such judgment to be stayed or delayed by colour or means of any order warrant power or authority, save only by writ of error or attaint or order of such Court where such writ of error or attaint shall be depending; That then the person so offending shall incur the pains penalties and forfeitures ordained and provided by the Statute of Provision and* Premunirt made in the sixteenth year of the reign of King Richard the Second: Provided always, That this Act extend not to Praemunire, prejudice any of his Majesty’s rights titles or duties of in or to or out of 16 R. 11. c. 5. any tin in the stannaries of bevon and Cornwall, nor to prejudice the ancient duties of butlerage and prizage of wines; but that the same shall Proviso for^ be in the same plight that the same were before the making of this Act; the Stannarie* any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. Butler*ge Pri-And now to the intent and purpose that his Majesty his heirs and sue- »»ge tecompence cessors may receive a full ana ample recompence and satisfaction, as 1° "J well for the profits of the said Court of Wards and the tenures ward- Wards amH^ ships liveries primer seisins ouster le mains and other the premises and perquisites incident thereunto; and for all arrears any way due for the same, as also for all and all manner of purveyance and provisions herein before mentioned and intended to be taken away and abolished; and all sums of money due or pretended to be due or payable for and in respect of any compositions for the same.

XV. Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be paid unto the King’s Majesty his heirs and successors for ever hereafter, in recompence as aforesaid, the several rates impositions duties and charges hereinafter expressed, and in manner and form following:

[The remainder of the Act relates to the duties of excise.]

veyances.

[No. XVI.] 19 Charles II. c. 6.—An Act for Redress

of Inconveniencies by Want of Proof of the Deceases of Persons beyond the Seas or absenting themselves, upon whose Lives Estates do depend.

4 INHERE AS divers Lords of Manors and others have used to grant 4 . estates by copy of Court Roll for one two or more life or lives, ac- $ g§

4 coniine to the custom of their several manorsand have also granted 9 ' *

estates by lease for one or more life or lives, or ebe for years determinable u^on one or more life or lives; and it hath often happened, that 3

Persons beyond the Seas, or absenting themselves for aeven yean. Carthew 246

Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates. [Part II.

* such person or persons for whose life or lives such estates have been

* granted have gone beyond the seas, or so absented themselves for many years that the lessors and reversioners cannot find out whether such

* person or persons be alive or dead, by reason whereof such lessors and reversioners have been held out of possession of their tenements for many years, after all the lives upon which such estates depended are dead, in regard that the lessors and reversioners when they have brought actions for the recovery of their tenements have been put upon it to

* prove the death of their tenants, when it is almost impossible for them 1 to discover the same. '

II. For remedy of which mischief, so frequently happening to such lessors or reversioners, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if such person or persons, for whose bfb or lives such estates have been or shall be grauted as aforesaid, shall remain beyond the seas, or eleswhere absent themselves in this realm, by the space of seven year* together, and no sufficient and evident proof be made of the lives of such person or persons respectively, in any action commenced for recovery of such tenements by the lessors or reversioners; in every such case the person or persons upon whose life or lives such estate depended shall be accounted as naturally dead; and in every action brought for the recovery of the said tenements by the lessors or reversioners their heirs or assigns, the Judges before whom such action shall be brought shall direct the jury to give their verdict as if the person so remaining hevond the seas, or others ise absenting himself, were dead.

HI. And be it further enacted, That in any such action wherein the life or death of any such person or persons shall come in question between the lessor or reversioner and tenant in possession, k shall and may . be lawful for. the lessor or reversioner to take exception to any of the

Live* in Being. juror8 returned for the trial of that cause, that the greatest part of the real estate of any of such Jurors is held by lease or copy for lives, who upon proof thereof shall be set aside as in case of other legal challenges.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to any lands held by the life or lives of any person or .persons attainted of treason for the horrid murder of his late Majesty of blessed memory, who now conceal or hide themselves, which lands are or have been vested in his Majesty, and are now granted to his Royal Highness the Duke of York, but that the ooursc of evidence heretofore used in such cases shall be had and used; any thing.lo the contrary in this Act notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any person Of persons

Persons evicted shall be evicted out of any lands or tenements by virtue of this Act, and by this Act, the afterwards if such person or persons upon whose life or lives such estate " or estates depend, shall return again from beyond seas, or shall on proof

in any action to he brought for recovery of the same, be made appear to be living, or to have been living at the time of the eviction; that then and from thenceforth the tenant or lessee who was outed of the same, his or their executors administrators or assigns, shall or may re-enter re~possess have hold and enjoy the said lands or tenements in hie or their former estate, for and during tins life or lives, or so long, term as the said person or persons upon whoso life or lives the said estate or estates depend shall be living; and also shall, upon action or actions to be brought by him or them against the lessors reversioners or tenants in possession or other persons respectively, which since the time of the said eviction received the profits of the sakl lands or tenements, recover for damages the full profits of the said lands or tenements respectively, with lawful interest for and from the time that lie or they were outed of the same lands or tenements, and kept and held out of the same by the said lessors reverse* 6 Am skmers tenants or other persons, who after the said eviction received the c. 18. which ex- profits of the said lands or tenements or any of them respectively, as well tend* to Reversioner* after the Death of Minor* or married Women, 3111

What shall be a good Challenge to Jurors upon Trial of

Proviso for Lands held by live* of certain Trahan atProviso for

Persons not being dead,

Cltm L] Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates. 211

in the case when the said person or persons upon whose life or lives such No. XVI. estate or estates did depend, are or shall be dead at the lime of bringing 1 *

of the said action or actions, as if the said person or persons were then Car. II.

[No. XVII.] 29 Charles II. c. 3.—An Act for Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries.

1 TJ'OR prevention of many fraudulent practices, which are commonly 29 Car. II. c. 3.

endeavoured to be upheld by perjury and subornation of perjury; ’ i RoU.Abr.24. be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the-same. That from and after the four and twentieth day of June, which 2 Lev. 22/. shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred seventy and p*r°l Leases seven, all leases estates interests of freehold or terms of years, or any un- >nd interest of certain interest of in to or out of any messuages manors lands tenements Freehold shall or hereditaments, made or created by livery and seisin only, or by parol, ?r the force and not putin writing and signed by the parlies so making or creating the at

same, or their agents thereunto lawfully authorized by writing, shall nave ° the force and effect of leases or estates at will (l) only, and shatl not either in law or equity be deemed or taken to have any other or greater force or effect; any consideration for making any such parol leases or estates to the contrary notwithstanding *

• The Statute of Frauds embraces a great variety of subjects that have no connection with each other, and many of which are in no degree .affected by the common object referred to in the title and preamble. There is no Act in the Statute Book to which, from the nature of its contents, it would be more difficult to assign an appropriate place in a collection like the present; and the Statute is introduced in this place in conformity with a principle which has, in a great measure, been suggested by its own very miscellaneous provisions of inserting Acts which embrace a variety of provisions applicable to different parts of the general division, under a common title, in the first class to which any one of the subjects so included may relate.

The Statute, although far from having met with universal approbation, has certainly received its full share of panegyric; and the language of extravagance ha3 even gone so far as to declare, that every line of it deserved a subsidy. The framing of it has been ascribed to Sir Matthew Hale; but apparently without any sufficient foundation.

The two leading provisions which require that the disposition of lands and certain personal contracts shall he evidenced by writing, signed by the party conveying or contracting, and that wills of land shall be attested by witnesses, are very useful and expedient—but are not distinguished by any great novelty of principle.

The language and composition of the Act have certainly no claim to particular commendation; and it is truly observed by Lord Mansfield, with respect to the clause concerning the attestation of wins, "that the whole clause which introduces a positive solemnity to be observed, not by the learned only, but by the unlearned, at a time when they are supposed to he without legal advice in a matter which greatly interests every proprietor of land, when the direction should be

plain to the meanest capacity, is so loose, that there is not a single branch of the solemnity defined or described with sufficient certainty to convey the same idea to the greatest capacity."— Wyndham r. Chetwynd, 1 Bur. 418. It is cer-•tainly an Act which, next to those relating to the settlement of the Poor, has been productive of greater litigation in settling its construction thaiv any in the whole range of the Statutes, although the Annuity Act may be placed in competition with it In that respect" when considered with reference to the very limited nature of the subject to which it applies. It was stated by Mr. Barrington forty years ago to be a common notion in Westminster Hall, that it had not been explained at a less expence than 100,000l. But the laxity which has sometimes prevailed in the construction of it may share wirfi any imperfection of its own a considerable proportion of the imputation of that expence —a laxity which the opinions recently expressed concerning its operation have very generally condemned; and there can be no doubt that the permitting the exposition of an Act to be influenced by any opinions respecting its policy or utility, is not less repugnant to ge--neral convenience than to the maintenance of a due subordination of judicial interpretation to legislative authority.

(1) In case the holding is at a yearly rent, it is construed to be a tenancy from year to yeat, ami not a strict Uitfficy at will, and there mtrst be proper notice to quit. Clayton lakey, 8 T. R. $. The tenancy in all respects, except the deration of the term, is regulated by the parol agreement. Doe dem. Rigge u Bell, 5 T. R. 471. See some observations as to cases where tenancy at will may still subsist. Watkin’s Elements of Conveyancing, 4. See also Harg. Notes to Coe UtL 55. (a) In Richardson v. Langridge, Taunt. 128, it was held that a letting without references time create* a strict tenancy at will *

212

No. XVII.

* 9 Car. II. c. 3.

* Except Leases not exceeding three years, Ac. c. fNo Leases or Estates of Freehold shall be granted or surrendered by - word.

Promises and agreements by paroL

2 Shower 16. Skinn. 142.149. 2 Mod. 310. 1

Miscellaneous Statute* concerning Real Estates. [Part II.

• II. Except nevertheless all leases not exceeding the term of three years from the making thereof, (2) whereupon the rent reserved to the landlord, during such term, shall amount unto two third parts at the least of the full improved value of the thing demised.

t III. And moreover, That no leases estates or interests, either of freehold or terms of years, (3) or any uncertain interest, not being copyhold or customary interest, of in to or out of any messuages manors lands tenements or hereditaments, shall at any time after the said four and twentieth day of June be assigned granted or surrendered, unless it be by deal or note (4) in writing, signed by the party so assigning granting or surrendering the same or their agents, thereunto lawfully aumorizea by writing or by act and operation ol law.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said four and twentieth day of June no action shall be brought whereby to charge any executor or administrator upon any special promise to answer damages out of his own estate; or whereby to charge the defendant upon any special promise to answer for the debt default or miscarriages of another person; (5) or to charge any person Vent. 961. 362. 3 Lev. 63, 66. 1 Salk. 280. See 3 Bur. 1281, 1386, 1921.

(2) A lease by parol for three years to commence in future is not good. Rawlins v. Turner,

1 Lord Raym. 736.

(3) Ruled at Nisi Prius that the Statute extends to a parol assignment of a tenancy from year to year, Botting t. Martin, 1 Camp. 318, to a surrender of such a tenancy. Mollett tuBrayne,

2 Campb. 103.

(4) A cancelling is not a surrender within the Act. Roe r. Archb. of York, 6 East, 86. But a surrender of a lease for years may be made without deed, as where a mortgagee wrote on the mortgage deed M Received of A. B, for principal and interest, and I do release and discharge the within premises from the term of five hundred years.* This was holden to be a sufficient surrender, Parmer v. Rogers, 2 Wils. 26. A. being tenant from year to year, underlet the premises , to B., and the original landlord with the assent of A. accepted B. as his tenant, but there wis no surrender in writing of A.'s interest; rent being subsequently in arrear the landlord distrained on B.'s goods; and held that these circumstances constituted a valid surrender of A/s interest by set and operation of law. Thomas v. Cook, 2 B. and A. 119.

(5) This clause extends to a promise that a third person hiring a hone shall return it. Buck-myr v. Darnell, 2 Lord Raym. 1085. Salk. 27. a promise to pay the debt of A. B. in case the Plaintiff would not sue for it. Rothey v. Cuny, B. N. P. 281, to pay a debt in case the Plaintiff vouia fftay his action. Fish v. Hutchinson,

2 WHs. 94. To pay for the value of s horse unlawfully killed, in consideration of

not suing

the

wro^toei. Kirkbam 2 B. , nd A.

promise before delivery to psy, if J. . would not. Jones c. Cooper, Cowp. 227—If youth not know him, you know me, and I will tea you paid. Matson v. Wharam, 2 T. R. 80. [If the person for whose use the goods are furnished be liable, any other promise by a third person to psy must be in writing, per Buller, ibid.] an application to trust defendant's son on defendant’s credit—use him well tnd I will be bound for the money, ss ar as 8004 or 10004 the son being debited and

applied to for payment—question submitted to the Jury if any credit was given to the son—if so to find for defendant—Verdict and Judgment for defendant accordingly. Anderson v. Hay-man, 1 H. Bl. 120, to pay a composition on the debt of another, and law expences incurred—bad for the whole. Chater t?. Beckett, 7 T. R. 201* It does not extend to a promise to psy, for not further prosecuting a suit against defendant and others for a tort. Stephens r. Squire, 5 Mod. 205. To pay 504 in consideration of withdrawing the record in an action against a third person for an assault. Read v. Nash, 1 Wils. 305. A promise by defendant to pay rent if plaintiff would not distrain goods assigned to defendant and others. Williams r. Leaper, 2 Wils. 308. 3 Bur. 1886.— parting with goods in consideration of promise to pay. N. P. per Lord Eldon. Houlditch v. Milne, 3 Esp. 86. Where a defendant taken on a ca. ad u. is discharged out of custody and consent of the plaintiff the debt itself is extinguished; and therefore a promise by a third person to pay that debt on condition of that discharge is an original promise, and not within the statute. Goodman v. Chase,

1 B. and A. 297. A case where plaintiff having policies of assurance in his hands as a security against acceptances, for J. . delivered them to defendant on his promise to provide for the acceptances. Castling v. Aubert, 2 East, 325— Agreement to assign debt of A. B. to C. D. in consideration of ten shillings in the pound. This is a purchase of the debt and A. B. is discharged. An-trey v. Marden, 1 B. and P. N. R. 124. And where a defendant having entered into a guarantee IQ writing, and become liablo upon it at a period of more than six years before the commencement of the suit, verbally promised within six years that the matter should be arranged, and afterwards upon an action being brought pleaded action non accrevit, Icc. it was held that the Statute of Frauds having been once satisfied, and the original promise being in writing, it was not necessary in order to take1 the case out of the Statute of Limiutions, that the latter promise should also be in writing. Gibbons v. M<Caaland, IB. and A. 690.

Class I.] Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates.

upon any agreement made upon consideration of marriage; (<3) or upon any contract or sale of lands tenements or hereditaments, or any interest in or concerning them; (7) or upon any agreement that is not to he performed within the space of one year. from the making thereof; (8) unless the agreement (9) upon which such action shall be brought, or some memora’tdum or note thereof shall be in writing, and signed (10) by the party to be charged therewith, (11) or some other person thereunto by him lawfully (12) authorized. (J3)

213

No. XVII.

29 Car. II. c. 3.

(6) Mutual promises of marriage are not within the act. Cork v. Baker, 1 Str. 34. Harrison v. Cage, 1 Ld. Raym. 386. The contrary had been determined in Philpott r. Wallet, 3 Lev. 65.

(7) Contract for purchase of a growing crop of grass to be mown and made into hay by the vendee, is a contract for an interest in land and within the statute, Crosby v. Wadsworth, 6 East, 602. So a sale ef growing turnips their maturity not being stated. Emmcrson v. Heelis, 2 Taunton, 38.— Sale of potatoes to be got immediately is not. Parker v. Staniland, 11 East, 362; and see accordingly Warwick v. Bruce, 2 M. and . 205. Plaintiff let defendant land to be paid a moiety of the crops in lieu of rent, an appraisement agreed to between the parties amounts to a case of goods sold and delivered, and is not within the statute, Poulter v. Killingbeck, 1 Bos. and Bull. 307, Plaintiff* agreed to accept A. B. as tenant upon defendant agreeing to pay plaintiff 40/., part of 100/. agreed to be paid by A. B.; the money being paid assumpsit lies for the 40/. the contract being executed, Griffith v. Young, 12 East, 513. A parol licence for an easement to the owner of adjoining premises is good and not within the statute. See Wood r. Lake, Say. 3. Winter r. Brockwell, 8 East, 308.

An equitable mortgage by deposit of title deeds was established in Russel v. Russel, 1 Bro. Ch. 269, and is now a matter of daily occurrence. This is mentioned in ex parte Finden, 11 Ves. 404 n. as the first case which broke in upon the statute, and let in evidence which it was the very object of the statute to exclude. But the doctrine although disapproved is not to be disturbed. Ex parte Haigh, 11 Vesey, 403. Norris i>. Wilkinson, 12 Ves. 197.

(8) This does not apply to contracts upon an event which may or may not happen within a year, as marriage, death, the arrival of a ship, Anon. Salk. 280, Peter v. Compton, Skinner, 353. Fenton r. Rmblers, 3 Burr. 1278. Where it appears by the facts of the case that the engagement was not intended to be performed within a year (as the subscription for BoydclTs Shakspeare) though part was performed in that time, the case is within the statute. Boy dell r. Drummond, 11 East, 142.

(9) The term agreement here seems ro import no more than promise or engagement, and was not considered as having any other construction until the well-known case of Wain r. Warlters, 5 East, 10, where from a fanciful derivation of the term agreement from agregalio mentium, it was decided that it imports something to be done on both sides, and that the consideration must appear upen the face of an instrument by which a person engages for the debt of another. In Stadt. t>. Lill, 9 East, 348, the consideration was held to be sufficiently

shewn in an agreement undertaking to guarantee the payment of any goods which A. might deliver to B. The decision in Wain v, Warlters is disapproved by Lord Eldon in ex parte Minet, 14 Vesey, 189, ex parte Gardom, 15 Vesey, 286, videetiam 1 B. and A.297, and it is a case which has been more disapproved by the profession, and is certainly more inconvenient in itself, than any decision of modem times. See the observations on the grounds of the decision in Fell's Treatise on Mercantile Guarantees. App. IV. In Bateman t>. Phillips, 15 East, 272, it was ruled that a letter to an attorney stating, u T trust you will give A. B. indulgence till next week, when I will undertake to see you paid, " was a sufficient promise to pay the debt for which the attorney was employed to sue. See further Notes to Sec. 17, infra.

(10) The signature need rot necessarily be at the foot of the instrument; but the mere writing of the name of the party in the body of an instrument containing instructions for a lease, as " A. B. to pay C. D., " &c. being only applicable to a particular purpose and not intended as a signature is not sufficient, Stokes v. Moore, 1 Cox P. Wins. 771 N. So the altering a draft is not a signature, Hawkins t>. Holmes, 1 P. W. 770. See Sanderson v. Jackson, Note to $gc. 17, infra. Signature as a witness knowing the contents was held sufficient by Lord Hardwicke in Wilford t>. Beazely,

1 Wils. 118, 3Atk. 503. Sed. Qu. the question of a knowledge of the contents so as to attach to the fact of attestation, an effect and import which it does not bear upon the face of it, involves the subject in all the danger of parol evidence.

(11) A party who has himself signed the agreement cannot object that it is not signed by the other party, as is settled by a series of cases, from Mutton v. Gray, 2 Cha. Ca. 164, decided about seven years after the statute, to Scton v, Slade,

7 Ves. 265. This is a strong illustration of the principle that the writing required is the evidence and not of the essence of the contract.

(12) The authority of the agent need not be given in writing—Coles v. Trecothick, 9 Vesey, 234, 250, Clinan t>. Cooke, 1 Schoales and Lefroy, 22—but this is expressly required with respect to the subjects mentioned in Sec. 1. The clerk of an agent 4s not generally authorized to sign—but held sufficient in the particular case upon evidence of assent. Coles t>. Trecothick, ub. supra. See Mortlock v. Buller, 10 Ves. 292, in which under a power to trustees to sell at the request of A. B. a general consent of the trustees to sell was held not to constitute A. B. an agent for the trustees to enter into a contract. An authority to a steward to sell by auction does not authorize a sale by private contract.—Daniel v. Adams, Amb. 495. It wasruled in Walker r. Constable, 1 Bos. and P. 306,

214 Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates. [Part IL

that an auctioneer, upon a sale of land by auction, is not such an agent of both parties as to make his entry of the sale operate as a signature of the purchaser contrary to the doctrine established with respect to Sea. 17, as to sales of goods. See Lord Eldon's observations upon this subject in Coles v. Trecothick. Sec the observations of Sir William Grant, Buck master r. Harrop, 7 Vesey, 341, and of Lord Erskine upon appeal, 13 Vesey, 456, and the opinion of Sir Wm. Grant, Higginson r. Clowes, 15 Vesey, 51C.

In Emmerson v. Heelis, 2 Taunt. 38, it was decided that the writing down the name of the purchaser by the auctioneer is a signing by an agent for the purchaser, although for the sale of an interest in land—and this is confirmed by White v. Proctor, 4 Taunt. 209. It docs not seem to have been noticed, that at the time of writing down the name it is not intended as the record of a purchase, but only of a bidding.

(13) In addition to the preceding notes on this section, it will be proper to advert briefly to the following heads:

An agreement expressed by letter is sufficient. Moor r. Hart, 2 Ch. Rep. 1*47, 1 Vernon, 110. So a proposal by letter acceded to by parol.—Coleman r. Upcot, 5 Viner, 527. A proposal by letter for a daughter's portion, afterwards retracted and again agreed to by parol.—Bird v. B!os$c, 2 Vent. 361. A proposal at first refused but afte-vards consented to.-—Hodgson r. Hutchenson, 5 Viner, 522. This seems to be a»i incorrect decision, not merely with reference to the statute, but upon general principles — for in ordinary cases a proposal may be retracted at any rime before acceptance, and is no longer obligatory after actual refusal. Ruled, that a letter by the defendant to his daughter, whom the plaintiff1 courted, intimating that he had met the plaintiff and agreed to give him a portion, which letter was not communicated to the plaintiff, was not binding, being no more than a mere communication.—Ayliflfe r. Mr. Justice Tracy, 2 P. Wms. 65. See Wankford v. Fotherley, 2 Vem. 322.—Maxwell v. I.ady Mon-tacute, Free. Ch. 526, 1 P. Wms. 618.—Allan v. Bower, 3 Bro. Ch. 149.—Ludcre v. Anstey, 4 Vesey, 501—5 Vesey, 213. There is a difference between the 4th and 7th fcctions of the statute:the latter only requires th.it a trust shall be manifested by writing, nor that it shall be constituted by writing—and the former requires the very agreement to be in writing—Per Sir William Grant, in Randall v. Morgan, 12 Ves. 67.

A letter or other paper duly signed, clearly referring to another paper which contains the terms of the agreement, is sufficient—Tawney r. Crowther, 3 Bro. Ch. 161, 3IP, but there must be an actual reference; and an agreement for a lease not specifying a definite term, or referring to an advertisement in which such term was expressed, cannot be connected with the advertisement by parol t vide nee.—Clinan «*. Cooke, . & L. 22. *The cases of Seagood v. Meale, Prec. Ch.* 560 — Clerk r. Wright, 1 Atk. 12—Whaley ?*. Bagsnal, 1 Bro. P. C. 345—and also Clinan r. Cooke, decide that a letter referring to an agreement, but not specifying the terms of it, is not sufficient.

In Brodie v. St. Paul, 1 Vesey, jun. 326, it was held, that a reference in an agreement to such parts of another paper as had been read to the party was not sufficient.

An alteration of an agreement relating to a sub* ject within the statute is as much affected by the statute as original agreement, and requires the same solemnities.

Sufficient attention has not always been ptid in this respect to the distinction between cases where writing was necessary from the nature of the subject, and those in which.it had only been accidentally resorted to in the original agreement.— See Cokes v. Mascal, 2 Vem, 34.—Jordan v. Saw-kins, 1 Ves. jun. 402.—Rich v. Jackson, £ Bro. Ch. 514. —Robson r. Collins, 7 Vesey, 130. The disallowance of parol evidence, to shew that other terms not expressed were intended to perform part of a written agreement, does not depend so much upon the statute as upon the general rule of law, that parol evidence' cannot be admitted to vary the terms of an agreement.—See upon this subject the distinction between cases of a plaintiff requiring the pefbrmance of an agreement different from that expressed, and those of a defendant resisting performance on the ground of fraud or surprise.— Young v. Clark, Prec. Ch. 538.—Legal r. Miller,

2 Vesey, 376.—Buxton v. Lister, 3 Atk. 383.— Shirley v. Srratton, 1 Bro. Ch. 440—Stadgroom r. Marquis of Townsend, 6 Vesey, 328.—Clarke r. Grant, 14 Vesey, 519.— Higginson v. Clowes,

15 Vesey, 516. See also Price v. Dyer, 17 Vesey, 356, in which the original agreement was enforced, notwithstanding a subsequent parol agreement to add other terms in favour of the defendant.

In this case most of the authorities upon the subject are referred to.

For cases of decreeing performance of an agreement not conformable to the statute on the ground of fraud, see Cooke v. Mascal, 2 Vem,

34 and 200.—Mallet r. Halfpenny, cited Pr. Ch. 404.

For case* in which a person who has dissuaded another from making or altering his will, upon an engagement to comply with h» intention, has been compelled to perform such engagement, see Lhamhcrlaine r. Chamberlainc, 2 Frecm. 34,

2 Eq. Ca. :*b. 43, Prec. Ch. 4.—Devenish r. Baines, Prec. Ch. 3.—Oldham v. Litchford, 2 Vem. 506.

—Reech r. Keneg.il, 1 Vesey, 123.—Barrow r. Greenough, 3 Vesey, jun. 152.

It is a well known exception, which Courts of Equity have introduced in the construction of the statute, that the benefit of it shall not be taken against an agreement which ha* been in part performed; and Buller, J. in Brodie r. St. Paul,

1 Vesey, jun. 333, intimated an opinion that the same rule would prevail at law—but the contrary opinion was strongly expressed by Lord Eldon, in Cooth v. Jackson, 6 Vesey, 29. The inclination of Courts of Equity, in modem cases, has been rather to narrow than to extend the doctrine of part performance.

It is clearly settled, that giving directions for . conveyances and going to view the estate, are not Acts of part performance.

Manage is also clearly not such a performance V

Class I.] Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Seal Estates• 315

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from No. XVIL and after the said four and twentieth day of June all devises and bequests - ~ of any lands or tenements devisable either by force of the statute of wills or by this statute, or by force of the custom of Kent, or the custom of any c- 3* borough or any other particular custom, (14) shall be in writing* and suneu (15) by the party so devising the same, or by some other person D^vige* of in his presence and by his express directions, and shall he attested and lands shall be in writing, and attended by three or four witnesses. 3 Lev. 86. Carthew 35, 514. 3 Mod. 218. 262.

as takes an agreement in consideration of it out of the statute.

It seems to be now settled, that payment of part of the purchase-money is not such a performance as takes a case out of the statute.—See Buckmas-ter v. Harrop, 7 Vesey, 341. Sir William Grant there said, that even if payment of the auction duty could be considered as a part of the price, he . did not see how that could bind the purchaser. In general the party selling must shew a performance on his side, as a reason for the interference of the court in his favour—for the ground upon which the court acts is fraud, in refusing to perform after the performance of the other party. In Clinan v. Cooke, 1 Sch. & Lcf. 22, 40, Lord Rcddesdale held, that the payment of money was not a part performance—and said, that he took it that nothing would be a part performance, which does not pur the party into a situation that would be a - fraud upon him, unless the agreement was performed. Taking possession by a purchaser and cutting crops is part performance.—Buckmaster v. Harrop, on appeal, 13 Vesey, 456. A tenant's continuing in possession upon alleged new agreement, is not.—Frame v. Dawson, 14 Vesey, 386. In that case Sir Wm. Grant said, " Part performance must be an act unequivocally referring to and arising out of the agreement, and such that the party would suffer an injury amounting to fraud by the refusal tff execute the agreement/' He also considered it an objection to a specific performance, that the Act in question was such as would easily admit of compensation without executing the agreement. See the observations of Lord Redesdale as to the relaxations of the statute.—Lyndsay v. Lynch, 2 Sch. & Lef. 5.—See, as to part performance, the note to Pym v. Black-burne, 3 Vesey, 34. As tt difficulties which may occur, when the defendant admits the acts alleged as part performance, but denies the agreement in respect of which they are alleged to be performed, tee Foublanque's Notes on Treatise of Equity, B. 1, Ch. 3, \ 8.

If a Defendant deny that any parol agreement ever took place, a court of equity will not inquire into the truth of that denial.—Per Lord Eldon, Cooth v. Jackson, 6 Vesey, 12. Where a plaintiff had built a house, his v itness proved an agreement different from that of the kill, and the answer stated an agreement different from both, the Lord Chancellor said, that in strictness the bill ought to be dismissed-—but, on account of the expenditure, decreed specific performance of the agreement admitted by the answer, with costs against the plaintiff.—Mortimer r. Orchard, 2 Ves. jun. 243. But in Woollam v. Hearn, 7 Vesey, 211. Lyndsey r. Lynch, 2 Sch. and Lef. 1, the plaintiff having failed in establishing the agreement insisted upon, the Court would not decree the agreement admitted, but dismissed the bill without prejudice to filing a fresh bill.

It is settled, that if a defendant, by answer ad* mits the agreement stated in the bill, and does not* insist upon the statute, performance will be decreed; but whether he is bound to admit or deny the parol agreement, so that the effect of the statute is only to exclude evidence aliunde—whether he must take advantage of the statute, by way of plea—or, whether admitting the agreement be may insist upon the statute, by way of answer, are points not absolutely settled.—See Cottington Fletcher, 2 Atk. 155.—Lacon v. Mcrtins, 3 Atk. 4* — Rondeau v. Wyatt, 2 H. Bl. 63.—Eyre v. Ivison, cited 2 Bro. Ch. 563.—Stewart t?. Careless, ib. 565.—Moore r. Edwards, 4 Vesey, 23.— Whitchurch v. Bevis, 2 Br. Ch. 559. It seems, however, to be the prevalent opinion, that it is sufficient to claim the benefit of the statute by the answer—see Cooth v. Jackcon, 6 Vesey, 12—but if the defendant dees not insist upon the statute, in the answer to the original bill, he cannot do so in the answer to the amended bill, id. and Spurrier v, Fitzgerald, 6 Vesey, 548.

* This statute is in force in the island of St, Kitts, 4 M. Sc . 1.

(14) The statute does not extend to copyholds surrendered to the use of a will, nor to devises in execution of a power—but a power to appoint by will generally is held to mean, with respect to lands, a will conformable to the statute.—See Sugden on Powers, c. 5, § 3. A person cannot create a power to devise by his own will, otherwise than according to the statute.— Habergham v, Vincent, 2 Vesey, jun. 204.

A term of years is not within the statute, unless attendant upon the inheritance, in which case it is not severed by a will not duly attested.—Whitchurch r. Whitchurch, 2 P. Wms. 236.

A Will duly attested, charging legacies on lands, extends to legacies given by an attested codicil— Brudenelle v. Boughton, 2 Atk. 258, vi.—-8 Vesey, 495—but it must be a general legacy, and not a specific charge, which cannot be made by an unattested codicil, under a power expressed for the purpose in a regular attested will.—Rose v. Cunynghame, 12 Vesey, 29.

(13) In some or the older cases, sealing was held a sufficient signing; but in Ellis r. Smith, in Chan. 1754, reported 1 Ves. jun. 11, the contrary opinion was expressed by Parker, C. B. Willes, C. J. and Sir John Strange, M. R. who assisted the Lord Chancellor. The same opinion was expressed by Lord Eldon, in Wright v. Wakefield, 17 Ves. 459. Writing the name at the top may be a sufficient signing.- -Ltmaine r. Stanley,

216

No. xvn,

29 Car. II. c.3.

How the Kune shall be revocable.

3 Mod* 2(0.

Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates. [Part II.

subscribed (16) in the presence (17) of the said devisor by three or four credible (13) witnessess, or else they shall be utterly void (19) and of none effect. (20)

VI. And moreover no devise in writing of lands tenements or hereditaments, nor any clause thereof, shall at any time after the said four and twentieth day of June be revocable, otherwise than by some other will or codicil in writing or other writing declaring the same, or by burning cancelling tearing or obliterating (21) the same by the testator himself, or in his presence and by his directions and consent; but all devises and be-nuests of lands and tenements shall remain and continue in force until the same be burnt cancelled torn or obliterated by the testator or his directions in manner aforesaid, or unless the same be altered by some other

06)

—Han

An attestation with a mark is sufficient. v. Harrison, 8 Vesey, 185, 504. The witnesses may attest at different times. — Cook v. Parsons, Prec. Ch. 186.—Jones v. Lake, 2 Atk. 176.

(17) This clause does not require the will to be signed by the testator in the presence of the witnesses, out only that it shall be attested by the witnesses in the presence of the testator— - whereas the next clause, as to revocation, requires the signature in the presence of the witnesses, but not the attestation of the witnesses in the presence of the testator. It is sufficient if the testator might see the witnesses attest, and not necessary that he actually should do so—ss when the testator was in a carriage, and the attestation in a house, it being sworn that the testator might see what passed.*—See Coeson r. Dade, 1 Bro. Ch. 99.— Shires e. Glascock, 2 Salk. 638. But where the attesting witnesses retired from the room, where the testator had signed, and subscribed their names in an adjoining room, and the jury found that from one part of the testator's room a person, by inclining himself forwards with his head out of the door, might have seen the witnesses, but that the testator was not in such a situation that he could have Men them by so inclining, the will was held to be not duly attested.-—Doe deni. Wright v. Manifold, 1M4S. 294. If the testator is in a state of insensibility at the time of the attestation, such attestation is void.—Right v. Price, Doug. 241. The rule of the civil law. Coram Titio aliquid facer* jtissue non videtureo pnesentifecisse nisi is Intel legat, I toque se furiosus, ant infans sit aut dormiat, non videtur coram eofecisse - Dig. £5. tit.)6, de verb, sig. L 209, is very apposite to this subject. It is not necessary that the attestation should express, that it was made in the presence of the testator.— Hands i>. James, Com. Rep. 531.—Bruce v. Smith, Willea* Rep. 1. An attestation «• signed sealed published and declared in the presence of

* is evidence to a jury, that the attestation was made in the presence or uic —Croft

x\ Pawlett, 2 Strange, 1109.

[Sec upon this subject, Lord Rancliffe v. Parsons, 6 Dow. Rep. 202.]

(18) A person attainted of felony held not a credible witness.—Pendock r. Mackender, 4 Burr. Eccl* L. 104* As to the objection of interest, see scat. 25 G. II. c. 6. post title Wills.

(19) It is by force of these words, that a will of not duly attested, is not sufficient even to put

the heir to hit election, with respect to personal

estate.—See, the case ex-parte the Earl of Ilchester, 7 Vesey, 348, 372.—See also the observations on Thelluson v. Woodford, 13 Vesey, 223. A wish has been often expressed by great authorities, that all testamentary acts should be rendered subject to the solemnities required by the statute; and certainly the importance of such a provision is extremely evident, when it is considered Kow much the intentions of a testator may be defeated by a will which is founded on one arranged plan, being partly good and partly void. The uncertainty as to what shall or shall not constitute a sufficient manifestation of the will, with respect to personal estate, is also extremely inconvenient, and a great source of litigation.—-See the observations of Lord Loughborough on this subject, Matthews r. Warner,

4 Vesey, 186.

(20) As to wills of land in the plantations, see Star. 25 G. II. c. 6, post title Wills.

(21) A beginning to cancel under the impression that a new will is complete, and desisting upon being; . informed to the contrary, is no revocation. Hyde v. Hyde, 1 Eq. Abr. 409. So a cancellation upon making a new will which is invalid by reason of the witnesses not attesting in the presence of the testator. Onyons v. Tyrer, Prec. Ch. 459.—

1 P. Wms. 344. Con. Ed.—Throwing the will into the fire with intent to destroy it is sufficient, though it falls off and i• preserved. Bibb. r. Thomas, 2 Bl. Rep. 1043. The obliteration of a part is only a revocation as to that part. Sutton v. Sutton, Cowp. 812. Striking out the name of one joint-tenant has the effect of leaving the entire estate in the other. Aliter as to tenants in common who cannot thereby acquire an estate not originally given. Larkins r. Larkins, 3 Bos. & P. 16, 109. See also as to the first point. Short r. Smyth, 4 East, 419.—Whether obliterating the names of some trustees or other devisees and substituting others is a revocation as to (he former purpose, net being effectual as to the second, QLu. ibid. A cancellation of the one part is a revocation of duplicates. Eurtenshaw v, Gilbert, Cowp. 49. See Pemberton v. Pemberton, 13 Vt^ev, 290. In that case the testator made dupli-eates of I«i: will, and afterwards altered, and subset quently cancelled one part—-the one part uncancelled, and the other altered and cancelled, and a codicil without a date, were found in his possession at his death—and a verdict in favour of the will was sustained.—The immediate decision was on the fact of an intention to cancel, but the legal doctrines are very fully gone into.

Class 1.} Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates• 217

will (22) or codicil in writing or other writing of the deviser, signed in the No. XVII. presence (23) of three or four witnesses declaring (24) the same; any ~ former law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding. (25)

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from c* and after the said four and twentieth day of June, all declarations or creations of trusts or confidences of any lands tenements or hereditaments, Declan-shall be manifested and proved (20) by some writing signed by the party tioator Creations of trusts shall be in writing. Explained by 4XXAnne, c. 16. section, 15, Port.

(22) A subsequent will of lands is only a revocation so far as the dispositions are inconsistent.-— Coward v. Marshall. Cro. Elia. 721. A finding that the testator afterwards made another will of which the^contents are unknown—or that the testator made a subsequent will different from the firstKbut in what particular is unknown, and that it does not appear what became of the second will, is not sufficient to revoke the first.-—Hungerford c. Noaworthy, Sho. P.C. 146.—Hutchins t>. Bassett, Salk. 592.—Harwood v. Goodright, Cowp. 87.*— 7 Bro. P. C. 8vo. 489.

A will with a clause of revocation conformable to this section, being signed by the testator in the presence of the witnesses, but not valid as a will, not being attested in the presence of the testator, is not a revocation, not being intended for such as an independent act.-—See Onyons v. Tyrer, supra No. 21.—Egglertone v. Speake, 3 Mod. 258.— 1 Sho. 89.

It is to be observed, however, that in those cases the substantial dispositions were the same in both wills, as to the materiality of which vi. ex parte the Earl of Hchester, 7 Ves. 373.

(23) A will acknowledged as such in the presence of three witnesses, is good—and although not signed in their presence, a sufficient revocation—and, though being a devise to an heir at law, void as a will, is a valid instrument of revocation, being executed according to the statute.— Ellis r. Smi:h, 1 Vesey, jun. 11.

(24) A declaration of the testator, certified by three witnesses, but not signed by him, that he revokes his will, is void.—Hilton r. King, 3 Lev. 86.

(25) It is completely settled, that the provisions of this section do not extend to revocations by operation of law, such as a subsequent marriage and the birth of a child.—See Doe on the demise of Lancashire r. Lancashire, 5 T. R. 49— in which this was decided, in respect to a posthumous child, and the doctrine considered as resting rather upon a tacit condition than upon an implied revocation; but it may be qualified by circumstances where the subsistence of the will is not inconsistent with the new relations which are contracted.—See Brady r. Cubitt, Doug. 39, and more particularly Kenebel r. Scrafton, 2 East. 530—in which a testator made provisions in favour of the children that he should have by A. B. with whom he then cohabited and afterwards married and had children by; a total want of provision for the family so newly constituted being considered as the basis of the tacit condition—and see ex-parte the Earl of Ilchester, 7 Vesey, 348, which related to the revocation of a testamentary appointment of a guardian, referred to in note to Stat. 29 Ch. II. c. 24, ante Nfe 15.

The case upon this subject contained in the additional note (a) infra, has already been published by the Editor, in a note to Lugg v. Lugg,

2 Salk. 592.

That a tacit revocation by subsequent marriage and birth of child without provision, can be rebutted by parol evidence, is affirmed per Cur. Lord Raymond, 441, Doug. 31—per Eyre, 2 H.

Blaciest. 522; negatived per Lord Alvanley, 4 Ves. jun. 848—Lord Rosslyn, 5 Ves. jun. 664.

The doctrine of revocation by an alteration of the estate, is referred to in note to 32 H. VI1L c. 1, post title wills, No. 1.

The cases respecting the republieation of wills chiefly relate to the rule, that a will as to real estate can only operate upon the land which the testator has at the time of the execution—and establish, 1st. That a republieation of a will gives it the same effect as if originally made at the time of the republieation—see Marten v. Savage,

1 Ves. 440—and 2d, That a codicil confirming a will gives effect to the whole will, as if made at the time of publishing the codicil, whether the codicil be annexed to the will or not, —see Acher* ley r. Vernon, Com. R. 381, 3 Bro. P. C. 107— Barnes r. Crowe, 1 Vesey, jun. 486, 4 Bro. Ch. 2 — Piggott t*. Waller, 7 Vesey, 98, —except the expressions of the will or codicil are of so qualified a nature as to require a different construction.— Strathmore r. Bowes, 7 T. R. 482—2 Bos. Si Pull. 500.—Holmes r. Coghill, 7 Ves. 499.— Lane r. Wilkins, 10 East, 24*2. The cancelling a second will revives the firit, which was thereby revoked—Goodright v. Glazier, 4 Bur. 2512—but if one part of a will, of which there are duplicates, be cancelled at the time of making the second, the other duplicate then not being in the testator’s possession, the first is not revived by cancelling the second.—Burtenshaw v. Gilbert, Cowp. 49— and see Pemberton v. Pemberton, mentioned In note 21.

(26) The fuUe.it information as to the principle which has been adopted with respect to the construction of this clause, is to be derived from the case of Forster r. Hale, 3 Vesey, 696j in which it was held, that an agreement for one person to be s trustee for others might be made out by letters, in which he admitted himself to be such—and that, according to the true meaning of the statute, it is sufficient if it appears in writing, under the hand of a person having a power to declare himself a trustee, which i3 equivalent to a formal declaration of trust. The Master of the Rolls, (Sir R. P. Arden,) observed, that it ia not required that the trust should be created in writing, and the words of this clause are very particular it does not by any means require that all trusts should be created only by writing—but that

218

No. XVII.

29 Car. II. c.3.

Trusts arising, transferred or extinguished by implication or law, not excepted.

Assignments of trustsin writing.

Lands &rc. shall be liable to the Judgments, &c. of Cestuy que trust;

and held fret from the incumbrances of the persons seised in trust.

Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates. [Part LL

who is by law enabled to declare such trust, or by Lis last will in writing, or else they shall be utterly void and of none effect.

VIII. Provided always, That where any conveyance shall be made of any lands or tenements by which a trust or confidence shall or may arise or result by tho implication or construction of law, or be transferred or extinguished by an Act or operation of law, then and in every such case such trust or confidence shall be of the like force and effect as the same would have been if this statute had not been made; any thing herein before contained tc the contrary notwithstanding. (‘*7)

IX. And be it further enacted, That all grants and assignments of any trust or confidence shall likewise be in writing signed by the party granting or assigning the same, or by such last will or devise, or else shall likewise be utlei ly void and of none effect.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said four and twentieth day of June, it shall and may be lawful for every sheriff or other office r to whom any writ or precept is or shall be directed, at the suit of any person or persons, of for and upon any judgment statute or recognizance hereafter to be made or had, to do make and deliver execution unto the party in that behalf suing of all such lands tenements rectories tithes rents and he reditaments, as any other person or persons be in any manner of wise seised or possessed or hereafter shall be seised or possessed in trust for him against whom execution is so sued, like as the sheriff or other officer might or ought to have done, if the said party against whom execution hereafter shall be so sued, had been seised of Mich lands tenements rectories tithes rents or other hereditaments of such estate as they be seised of in trust for him at the time of the said execution sued; (28) which lands tenements rectories tithes rents and other hereditaments by force and virtue of such execution, shall accordingly be held and enjoyed freed and discharged from all incumbrances of

they shall be manifested and proved by writing, plainly meaning that there should be evidence in writing proving that there was such a trust. He admitted that it must be proved in toto, not only that there was a trust, hut what it was. In the particular case, his Honor, from several letters and papers, inferred an agreement, that the lessee of a colliery took it on account of himself and other persons with whom he was engaged in partnership.— See also Randall r. Morgan, 12 Vesey, 73, 74.

(27) The most common case of trusts by operation of law is where an estate is purchased by one man and the purchase-money paid by another.— See the cases referred to in Forster t% Hale, mentioned in the last note. Where a person purchased an estate in his own name, and insisted in answer to a kill alledging that it was made by him as agent for the plaintiff, that it was made cii his own account; Lord Northington refused to permit parol evidence of the agency in opposition to the defendant's answer, but said, that if the plaintiff had paid any money, it would have been a reason with him to admit the evidence. The defendant was afterwards convicted of perjury upon his denial of the trust, and a petition was presented to the Lord Chancellcr for leave to Me a supplemental bill in the nature of a bill of revivor, stating this conviction, but the petition was dismissed. Bartlett r. Pickersgill, cited East, 577.

The general preemption that where a conveyance is made to one person and the purchase money paid by another, the former is a trustee for the latter, is rebutted in the case of a purchase

made by a father in the name of his child, which is, prima facia, an advancement, even in case of a copyhold, where the custom is to grant to three for their lives successive, and the name of the child is inserted as one of those lives, but the presumption on either side may be rebutted by circumstances or parol evidence.—See the subject very particularly examined in the case of Dyer v. Dyer, in the Exchequer, 1 Watkins on Copy-holds, 216.—Sec also Rider v, Kidder, 10 Vesey, 360.—Finch t% Finch, 15 Vesey, 48.

Where a trustee purchases lands with the trust money and takes a conveyance in his own name, a trust will result and evidence may be given aliunde, that the purchaser as made with trust money, although denied by the defendant’s answer.—Balgrey r. Balgrey, and Ryal r. Ryal, cited in Lane r. Dighton, Ambler 409.—See upon this subject Percy r. Philips, 4 Vesey, 108, in which it was held there were not sufficient circumstances to induce the presumption that the purchases were made in execution of the trust.—-See also Foublanque’s Notes, Treatise of Equity, B. 11. c. 5, s. 1.

(28) If*the trustee convey lands after judgment and before execution to a purchaser without notice, the land cannot be taken in execution-— Hurst v. Coles, Comyns 226.—Higgins t*. Yor Buildings Comp. 2. Atk. 1C7. Query, Whether the land is liable in case the purchaser has notice.—See Sugden on Venders and Purchasers, Ch. 9. on Searching for Incumbrances. A conveyance in trust to sell and pay $}ebts, and the surplus to the grantor, is not a trust within the Statute.—Ibid.

Class I.] Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Heal .

such person or persons as shall be so seised or possessed in trust for the person against whom such execution stall lie sued; (29) and if any res-tuy <jue trust hereafter shall die leaving a trust in fee-simple to descend to his heir, there and in every such case such trust shall be deemed and taken and is hc/eby declared to be assets by descent, and the heir shall be liable to and chargeable with the obligation of his ancestors for and by reason of such asset *, as fully und amply as he might or ought to have been if the estate in law hail descended to him in possession in like manner as the trust descended; any law custom or usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. Provided always, That no heir that shall become chargeable by reason of any estate or trust made assets in his hands by this law, shall by reason of any kind of plea or confession of the action or suffering judgment by Nieut dedire or any other matter be chargeable to pay the condemnation out of his own estate; but execution shall be sued of the whole estate so made assets in his hands by descent, in whose hands soever it shall come after the writ purchased, in the same manner as it is to be at and by the common law, where the heir at law pleading a true pica judgment is prayed against hii\i thereupon; any tning in this present Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And for the amendment of the law in the particulars following; he it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from henceforth any estate pur autre vie shall l»e deviseable by a will in writing signed by the party so devising the same, or by some other person in his presence and by his express directions, attested and subscribed in the presence of the devisor by three or more witnesses; and if no such devise thereof be made, the same shall be chargeable in the hands of the heir if it shall come to him by reason of a special occupancy, as assets by descent, as in case of lands in fee-simple; and in case there be no special occupant thereof, it shall go to the executors or administrators of the party that had the estate thereof by virtue of the grant, and shall be assets in their hands. (30)

4 XIII. And whereas it hath been found mischievous, that judgments in the King’s Courts at Westminster do many times relate to the first day of the term whereof they are entered, or to the day of the return of the original, or filing the ball, and bind the defendants lands from that

219

No. XViL

89 Car. II.) c. 3.

Trust shall be Assets in the hands of heirs.

2 Vem. 248, c. 232.

No heir shall by reason thereof become chargeable of his own estate *

Estates per autre vie shall be devisable.

And shall be Assets in the heir's hand. And where there is no special occupant, shall go to the Executors. Csrthew. 378 *

2 Salk. 464.

2 Vem. 719. c. 307.

(29) A mere equitable interest in a term of yean cannot be taken in execution under a Fi.Fa. Scott v. Scholey, 8 Easr, 467. 2 N. R. 461.

(30) By Statute 14 Geo. II. c. 20, sec. 9, after reciting this section, and that doubts had arisen where no devise had been made of such estates, to whom the surplus after the debts of such deceased owners thereof are fully satisfied should belong, it is enacted that such es*ates pour autre vie, in case there be no special occupant thereof, of which no demise shall have been made according to this Act, or so much thereof as shall not have been so devised shall go to, be applied and distributed in the same 'manner as the personal estate of the testator or intestate.

There was no general occupancy at common law of a copyhold, and therefore these Statutes do not extend to such. Touch, deni—Foise v. Foise, 7 East, 186. Although there was no general occupancy of a rent at common law it seems to be within the Statutes.—Rawlinson v. the Duchess of Montague, 3 P. W»i. 261, u. Kendal v. Micfield, Barnard Ch. 46. In Oldham r. Pickering, 2 Salk, 464, it was ruled in prohibition that the Statute of Frauds only made estates pur autre vie assests for the purpose of paying debts, and not for the purpose of distribution, but

in Witter r. Witter, 3 P. Wins. 101, they were held to be distributable in Chancery.—Any question upon this point is removed by StaL 14, Geo. II.—In Ripley v. Waterworth, 7 Vesey 423, it was held on much discussion that an estate pur autre vie limited to executors administrators and assigns, was applicable to the residuary legatees of the testator under a will not attested by three witnesses, although devisable only as to the legal estate by a will so attested.—Upon a limitation in a lease for lives to heira executors administrators and assigns the interest goes to the heir.—Atkinson t*. Baker, 4 T. R. 229. 1 have seen opposite opinions of Mr. Fearoe and Lord Kenyon as to the case of premises held under a lease for lives, to the lessee his heirs and assigns, devised by him without words of limitation, and the right to which was disputed between the heir and personal representative of the devisee.—The opinion of Lord Kenyon was, that the personal representative was entitled, which teems evidently correct, as there was no desigiustio person* of the heir of the devisee, wherefore the case is that of there being no rpeeial occupant, so that by the Statute of frauds the estate devolves on the executors.

220

No. XVII. $9 Car. II.

c. 3.

Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates. [Part II.

* time, although in truth they were acknowledged or suffered and signed in the vacation time after the said term, whereby many times purchasers find themselves aggrieved

XIV. Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said four and twentieth day of June, any judge or officer f any of his Majesty’s Courts of Wettmintter that shall sign any judgments, shall at the signing of the same, without fee for doing the same, set down the day of the month and year of his so doing upon the paper book docket or record which he shall sign; which day of the month and year shall be also entered unon the margenl of the roll of the record where the said judgment shall be entered.

relate to such only.

The day of signing any judgment shall be entered on the margent of the Roll.

This danse extends to Counties Palatine by 8 Geo. I. c. 25. sec. 6.

And such judg- XV. And be it enacted, That such judgments as against purchasers meets as against (31) bona fide for valuable consideration of lands tenements or heredita-purchasers shall ments to De charged thereby, shall in consideration of law be judgments ", '*K only from such time as they shall be so signed, and shall not relate to the first day of the term whereof they are entered, or the day of the return of the original or filing the bail; any law usage or course of any court to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted by"the authority aforesaid, .That from and after the said four and twentieth day of June, mo writ of fieri facias or other writ of execution shall bind the property of the goods (32) against whom such writ of execution is sued forth, but from the time that such writ shall be delivered to the sheriff under sheriff or coroners to be exer cuted: And for the better manifestation of the said time, the sheriff* under sheriff and coroners their deputies and agents shall, upon the receipt of any such writ, (without fee for doing the same) endorse upon the back thereof the day of the month and* year whereon he or they receive the same.

t XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said four and twentieth day of June, no contract for the sale of any goods wares or merchandizes (SS) for the price of ten pounds sterling or upwards shall he allowed to be good, except the buyer shall accept part of the goods so sold and actually receive the same, (34) or give someWrits of execution shall bind the property o{ goods but from the time of their delivery to the officer.

1 Salk, 320. Carthew 419.

1 Mod. 188.

2 Keb. 257.

t Contracts for salea of goods for ten pounds or more.

Thuan. Hist. lib. 39. sec. 25. See Bur. 2101.

(31) Except as against purchasers the land is bound as at Common Law from the first day of the term of which judgment is signed.—See Scwil v» Wiltshire, Willes 428, n. In Holdgar .T em-plar, 6 Mod. 191, it is said by Lord Hob, C. J. that if judgment be signed in term time, and in the subsequent vacations the defendant sell lands, and before the cssoign day of the next term the plaintiff enter his judgment, it shall affect the land in the hands of the purcha«er, but Mr. Tidd (Practice, ch. 39, n.) makes a Q. If the judgment be not docketed at the time of the sale.

(32) It was determined soon after the passing of this Act, that it was only made to assist a purchaser, and that it left the party to the suit as he was at Common Law.—Skin. 257, which was recognised by Lord Hardwicke, 2 Eq. ca. ah. 381, and per Curiam Hutchinson v. Johnson, I. T. R. 729. A judgment signed in any part of the term, or the subsequent vacation, relates back to the first day of the term notwithstanding the death of the defendant before judgment actually signed, and an execution against the goods of the defendant may be taken out upon it tested the first day of the term.—Bragner v. Langmead, 7 T. R. 20, and see the cases there cited.

• 1 Or’ U the \?ord in the roll, but it is obviously a mistake, and so treated in the authoritative edition of the Statutes.

(33) It was ruled in Towers t*. Osborne, 1 Str. 5t)6, that the ordering a carriage to be made, and afterwards in Clayton v. Andrews, 4. Burr. 2101, that a contract for the purchase of com which was to be thrashed was not within the Statute, and in these cases the principle was laid down that the Statute did not extend to executory contracts to be performed at a future time—but that doctrine is now completely exploded.-Alexander v. Comber, 1 H. Bl. 20.—Rondeau v. Wyatt, 2 H. Bt. 63— Cooper v. Elston, 7 T. R. 14.; but the decisions in Towers v. Osborne and Clayton v. Andrews, are admitted to be good law as relating to contracts which were not confined to a mere sale of goods, and consisted partly of]abour to be performed.

(34) WllAT IS AN ACCEPTANCE AND DELIVERY. I. A purchaser by auction coming the next day to see the goods weighed off.—Simon v, Metivier, 3 Burr. 1921, 1 Bl. 598.-2. The purchaser of a haystack selling part of it to another person who takes that part of it away against the approbation of the vendee, the party having dealt with it as in his own possession.-*Chaplin v. Rogers, 1 East, 192.— 3. The desiring the seller of a hjrse to keep it at livery for the buyer.—Elmore v. Stcaje^qd.

Class I j MuceUaneoui Statutes concerning Real Ettattg. 221

thing in earnest to bind the bargain or in part of payment, or that some No. XVII. note or mctnoramlum in writing of the said bargain (35) be made and »

signed (36) by the parties to be charged by such contract or their agents A1,

thereunto lawfully authorized. (37) c *

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the

day of the month and year of the enrolment of the recognizances shall be Th* day of the set down in the margent of the roll where the said recognizances are en- Enrolment of rolled; and that from and after the said four and twentieth day of June, Recognixances no recognizance shall bind any lands tenements or hereditaments in the J"*11 be . hands of any purchaser bona fide and for valuable consideration, but from the time of such enrolment; any law usage or course of any court to the i|irc|laicr# contrary in any wise notwithstanding. bound from that time only.

XIX. And for prevention of fraudulent practices in settingup nun- Nuncupative cupative wills, which have been the occasion of much perjurybe it Will *, enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the aforesaid four

458.—-4. Purchaser by auction writing his name on a particular article as to that article teeut as to others.—Hodgson v. Le Bret, 1 Cambp. 233.— Anderson v. Scott, n. ibab.—5. The purchaser at sn auction taking samples to he included in the price.—Hinde v. Whitehouse, 7 East. 558.

II. What not.—-1. Talcing a sample not forming part of the quantity to be paid for.-—Cooper v, Elston, 7 T. R. 142. Ordering goods by parol at 1 It. per pound, and returning them with a let* ter stating that they are not worth 6#.—Kent v. Huskinson, 3 Boa. Sc Pull. 233.

(35) A memorandum by the buyer agreeing

te give takes the case out of the Statute, although not expressing any consideration.— The word bargain in this section not being held to hive the same technical signification with the word agreement in section 4—Egertoa v. Matthews, 6 E. 307. As to this distinction, see Fell’s Law of Guarantee, referred to ante note 9.

(36) The Court of Common Pleas, in Sanderson v. Jackson, 2 B. and P. 238, seemed to think the printed title of a bill of parcels, u Mr. — bought of Jackson and Hankin, " a sufficient signature—but at all events, that a letter from the defendant, the seller, to the plaintiff, wishing to know when the order should be delivered, took the case our of the Statute, on the ground that the jury had connected the letter with the bill of parcels. But surely, with regard to the first point, to use, with a slight variation, the terms of the Chief Baron, in Stokes v. Moore, referred to supra (note 10) a name inserted at the [top] of an instrument, and applicable to particular purposes, could not be intended to be such an authentication as the Statute required. As to the second point, although the letter referred tothe contract, it seems very doubtful whether it was intended to refer to the particular written evidence of the terms of such contract; and it could not be collected from the letter itself, that there was any other writing io which a reference louldbe made. The point does not appear to have been distinctly put to the jury, and as this part of the case u wholly decided upon the foundation of the jury having found such reference, the case, as an authority, amounts to no more than that the evidence in questioo was such as it was proper to leave to the jury, upon the point whether the reference to the

previous writing was intended or not-—and As to the cases decided with reference to this principle, upon sect. 4, see the notes to that section *. A note signed by the seller in the plaintiffs (the buyer's) memorandum book, not mentioning the plaintiff’s name, is not (nifficient.—Champion v. Plumber, 1 N. R. 252.—-Entry by the plaintiffs agent, in his memorandum book, not containing any thing on the face of it to shew it was e book of orders to the plaintiff, in the following termsrt John Smith—40 of 3-—58. £—(explained to mean an order for forty sacks of flour, called thirds, at 68s. a sack), read over by the defendant's desire, is not a memorandum within the Statute—and a letter, in which the defendant admitted the contract, but stated a certain time as forming a part of it, but proved by parol evidence not to do so, cannot supply the deficiency .—Cooper v. Smith, 15 East. 103.

(37) In Simon v. Metivier, mentioned supra note 34, it was held that an auctioneer was agent to both parties? and that his setting down the name of the seller was sufficient to take the case out of the Statute; and the court were strongly inclined to think, that sales by auction were not within the Statute, but that as a general proposition cannot be sustained, as appears by several of the cases mentioned in the preceding notes to this section—but the doctrine of the entry of the sale by the auctioneer, being a contract signed by him as agent for both parties, is established.— Emmerson r. Heelis, 2 Taunton, 38.—See Hind* v. Whitehouse, 7 East. 569. cited supra note 34.— See also the esses upon this subject as affecting sales of land, ante note 14. The writing of a bought and told note by the broker for the seller, and delivering it to the respective parties, has been held sufficient.—Rucker v. Commeyer, 1 En. Rep. 105, cited as frequently recognized, 15 E. 107—but one of the parties cannot sign as agent for the other.—Wright v. Dannah, 2 Camp. 203.

* Since the preparing this note it has been held, that the inserting the name of the buyer ac the head of a bill of parcels above the printed words, " Bought of Thomas Norris, " wit a sufficient signature to bind the seller.-—Schneider v, Norris, 2M. AS. 286.

222

No. xvn.

29 Car. II. •c. 3.

' Explained by 4XXAnne, c. 16, § 14.

Probates of

Nuncupative

Willt.

Raymond, 334.

Soldiers and Mariners Wills excepted.

The jurisdiction of Courts saved.

22 & 23 Car. U. c. 10.

Husbands not compellable to make distribution of the personal estates of their wives.

1 Mod. 231.

Miscellaneous, Statutes concerning Beal Estates. [Part II.

and twentieth day of June, no nuncupative will shall be good, where the estate thereby bequeathed shall exceed the value of thirty pounds, that is not proved by the oaths of three witnesses (at the least) that were present at tfic making thereof; nor unless it be proved that the testator at the time of pronouncing the same, did bid the persons present, or some of them, bear witness that such was his will, or to that effect; nor unless such nuncupative will were made in the time of the last sickness of the deceased, and in the house of his or her habitation or dwelling, or where he or she hath been resident for the space of ten days or more next before the making of such will, except where such person was surprized or taken sick being from his own home and died before he returned to the place of his or her dwelling.

XX. And be it further enacted, That after six months passed after the speaking of the pretended testamentary words, no testimony shall be received to prove any will nuncupative, except the said testimony or the substance thereof were committed to writing within six days after the making of the said will.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no letters testamentary or probate of any nuncupative will shall pass the seal of any court till fourteen days at the least after the decease of the testator be fully expired; nor shall any nuncupative will be at any time received to he proved, unless process nave first issued to call in the widow or next of kindred to the deceased to the end they may contest the same if they please.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no will in writing concerning any goods or chattels or personal estate shall be repealed, nor shall any clause devise or bequest therein be altered or changed by any words or will by word of raoutn only, except the same be in the life of the tea-tator committed to writing, and after the writing thereof read unto the testator and allowed by him and proved to be so done by three witnesses at the least (0)

XXIII. Provided always, That notwithstanding this Act any soldier being in actual military service, cr any manner or seaman being at sea, may dispose of his moveables wages and personal estate as he or they might have done before the making of this Act.

aXIV. And it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act shall extend to alter or change the jurisdiction or right of probate of wills concerning personal estates, but that the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury and other ecclesiastical courts, and other courts having right to the probate of such wills shall retain the same right and power as they had before in every respect, subject nevertheless to the rules and directions of this Act.

XXV. And for the explaining one Act of this present parliament, intituled An Act far the bctUr settling of Intestates Estatea, be it declared by the authority aforesaid, That neither the said Act nor any thing therein contained shall be construed to extend to the estates of femes coverts that shall die intestate, but that their husbands may demand and have administration of their rights credits aiul other personal estates, and recover and enjoy the same as they might have done before the making of the said Act.

[Made perpetual by 1 Jac. II. c. 17, $ 5.]

(a) See Notes to Sec. 6. supra.—The following Note relative to this subject was taken by the Editor:

M 6th May, 1793. In the Prerogative Court* u Wright against Net he* wood.

£&" A. makes a will leaving some legacies and appointing his wife residuary legatee; she died leaving several children. He married again, and had one child by his second wife. Afterwards A. with his wife and ail hit children perished by shipwreck. The will is not revoked.] This case arose on a question, Whether the

will of George Netherwood deceased, was or was not revoked?

On the 24th June 1783, the deceased married Elisabeth Lomax, spinster. On the 8th of October following he made his will, whereby be charged his real estate with the payment of debts and legacies, if bis personal should be deficient. He gave sane pecuniary and specific legacies, and bequeathed (be residue of his portmui estate to Ms wife by her maiden name, Elisabeth Lomax, and devised the real aetata to her for life, remainder to one Joseph Netherwood j ha appoimad Wright, the party. yjOUVlv

Class 1.] Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates. 223

executor of his effects in England, and another executor for his effects in the West Indies.

Afterwards Elisabeth died, leaving several children by her husband. The testator married the sister of his former wife, and had issue by her one eon.

" The said George Netherwood embarked for England from Jamaica, with his wife her son and all the children by the farmer marriage. The ahip in which they embarked was never afterwards heard ef, and waa admitted to be lost.

w The will was proved by the executor in England in common form, and he was afterwards cited by the next of kin of the deceased to prove it in solemn form, or shew cause why it should not be declared invalid.

u The facts were admitted on both sides to be as above stated,

M By the inventory the property of the deceased appeared to amount to about 800i)L The legacies amounted to rather more than 200L

u Sir William Scott and Dr. Xicholl in support of the will.—1The will in this case was not revoked by the second marriage and the birth of a child; for although it may be admitted as a general principle that these circumstances do revoke a will, on the presumption that upon such a total alteration of circumstances the testator did not continue to have the same intentions; that presumption is liable to be repelled by circumstances. If it appears to be his intention that the will should stand, marriage and the birth of a child will not destroy it.

" AU presumptive revocations are stricii Juris, and must be wholly inconsistent with the deceased's intention to dispose of his property according to the wUL

" The general principle of these revocations is, that when person has contracted such new obligations and relations, it cannot be supposed that he meant to adhere to his former disposition. That principle is recognised by all the cases upon the subject, and they all proceed upon the ground of a total alteration in the testator’s circumstances; hut if there is not a total alteration, the implication is repelled.

" No case can be stronger against a revocation than this. When he was married he made a will, by which he bequeathed some small legacies, tod disposed of the rest of his property to his wife. This might be in confidence that she would take care of any children he should have by her. The wife diet, and the residue becomes lapsed. He marries again, and hit fortune will take the same cetirse in point of substance as if he had made no will. The few legacies will belong to the persons to whom they were given, and the residue would be subject to the statute of distribution.

" There are cases in which it has been held, that this alteration of circumstances did not amount to a revocation; where the alteration was not such as to make the court say, the testator could not in duty adhere to his will. Such was the case of Brown end Thompson, 1 Eq. Ca. Ab. 413, where it was held that the alteration of circumstances was not sufficient to amount to a revocation; for so injury was done aay person, and those whom

the testator was bound to provide for were taken care of (Vide the observations of Buller, J. upon this opinion, in Doe r. Lancashire; ) the great bulk would go to the wife and children; all the new relations are fully satisfied; and there is no probability of the testator’s not intending to adhere to his former disposition. In Brady t>. Cubitr, Doug. 31—33, it is said by Lord Mansfield, 4 That upon his recollection there eras no case in which marriage and the birth of a child have been held to raise an implied revocation, where there has not been a diposition of the whole estate/ And although that may not be cmemial, it is certainly very material. Presumed revocations may exist where the residue is very small, but it is otherwise where s small part only is disposed of, and the bulk remains. In Thompson and Shepherd, mentioned in.a note to Amb. 490, it was held that marriage and having children did not amount to a revocation of a will made by a widower who had children. It was not that complete alteration of circumstances which implies the revocation of a declared intention. A case of Calder and CaMtr, lately decided in the Prerogative Court, does not apply. U depended on its ewn circumstances; and there was no power to presume that the testator adhered to his intention. That was the case of s will made by a widower having no children; he had no view to the relations of husband and father. The great bulk of his property was left away, and there were declarations shewing his idea that his property would go to his wife and children upon a marriage subsequent to the will; and the will itself was such as would involve the family in endless litigation. Every circumstance in that case raised the implication, that the will should be revuked. No such circumstances exist in this case; but, cti the contrary, every circumstance repels the implication.

" There would be a very considerable provision for the wife and her child; and it must be presumed that be knew the operation of the will; that it disposed of the small legacies according to hia intention; that the residue would be distributable according to law; and that hia property would be managed by the respective persons in

whom he had reposed a confidence for the pur____ »> pose.

The advocates for the plaintiff hiving here closed their arguments, the Judge intimated a wish that the case might be considered upon another point, viz. Whether the will (provided k was revoked; did not revive, as the son by the second wife did not survive his father ? For which purpose, it stood over till the 13th of May; when the advocates before-mentioned signed on that point.

In cases where it cannot be actually ascertained whether the parent or the eon survived, and they perished by the same stroke of death, according to the Roman law, it was presumed that if the son had not obtained the age of pu* berty, the father survived; but if the son had attained that age, that he survived the father. This presumption arises from the degree of strength supposed to belong to the respective parties. It was liable to certain exceptions in behalf

224 Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates. [Part II.

of claims favoured by that law for the interest of r. Lancashire, 5 T.H 49, 61, thought the opr *

mothers, and in cases of fiduciary bequests, and the rights of patronage. The general rule of presumption being applied to the present case, the child by the second wife being only about a year old, must be taken to have died before his father. The question then arises, whether the will, if it was before revoked, was revived by the circumstance of the father surviving ?

a By the Roman law, a will which was revoked by the birth of a posthumous child, did not revive by his death, because no change in the father's intention can in that case be presumed; but it was held otherwise with respect to the quasi post-fount, or those who were bom after the will was made in the testator's lifetime. On their death the will was restored by the praetorian law, as upon a new designation of intention.

<* There b no case where it has been held by the law of England, that, under these circumstances, a presumptive revocation does take place. There are two points of time to be regarded in considering the effect of the will: 1st, The Paction:2d, The Consummation. The will was undoubtedly good when it was made. Was it otherwise at the death of the testator ? The presumption of the law of England with respect to revocations, b not more strong than the Agnatio sui hartdis by the civil law, nor so strong, for that was an actual revocation, and the other b only a presumption liable to be repelled. The removal of the cause will as strongly imply a renewal of the first intention, or rather more strongly, on account of the omission to destroy the will; but by the praetorian civil law it was held, that upon the death of the Agnatus the will was restored. It b presumed, that the reason why the testator did not revoke the will, was, |hat he was prevented by death; but, if the child dies first, the presumption is, that, not having revoked the will, he intended it to stand. At all events, the testator intended the legacies, on account of which alone this dispute b materal, should be carried into effect, and that the executors whom he appointed should have the management of hb property: and if the court, on a presumed intent, decides against the will, the actual intention of the testator will be defeated."

Dr. Batten and Dr. Swabey contra. " Though it may be admitted that the will was originally good, it b a general rule that a will b revoked by marriage and the birth of a child.

* In the present case there was a total change in the testator’s situation, from being a widower to becoming again a husband and a father; such a total change as to raise the presumption that he did not intend the will to stand. It has been decided by Sir George Hay, that the cases of a widower and a bachelor are the same. There b no decision that the quantum of the property will vary the presumption. It appears that the case of Brown and Thompson came on first before Sir John Trevor, Master of the Rolls, who held, that the will was revoked; and afterwards before Lord Keeper Wright, who wss of a different opinion on account of the particular circumstances of the case; and Bullet, J. in Doe ex dem. Lancashire

nion of the Master of the Rolb better then that of the Lord Keeper.

" There are some dicta of Lord Mansfield, but they are only dicta, in Brady and Cubitt, that the will is not revoked by marriage and the birth of a child, if it only coven part of the property. In Doe v. Lancashire, the revocation b held to arise from a tacit condition at the time of making the will. There may be some esses in which a will b allowed to stand, from circumstances repelling the presumption; but nothing is more dangerous than to let a particular equity, arising from the quantity of the effects, operate against a general rule of law. h would introduce a vague and uncertain method of decision, and it b better to adhere to a known presumption of law. The disposition was complete by the will, both as to the real and personal rotate; and the testator has not shewn, since the alteration in hb circumstances^ any intention to adhere to it. Though the real estate b not within the jurisdiction of thb court, it may afford an argument in favour of the revocation that it was wholly devised away.

" As to the other point.—It b not to be taken for granted in this case, even according to the principles of the Roman law, that the child died first. The doctrine alluded to goes no further than to shew, that when the father and son perish by the same blow of death, the father b supposed to survive hb infant son. But it does not appear that in thb case they did perish by the same blow of death. The ship being cast sway b all that is admitted; non constat that they died by shipwreck. The general law is, that the will was revoked:to take the case out of that law, its revival by the father's surviving, must be shewn on the other side. Thereare passages in Dr. Zcuch which shew, that in testamentary rases the presumption of father or son surviving b not adoffted.

* By the Roman law, if a will was void for the pretermission of a child who afterwards died, the will was not thereby rendered valid; or, if it was revoked by the birth of a posthumous child, the death of that child did not restore it; and in case of a will becoming void by any subsequent cause, the removal of that cause did not restore it by the civil law, though it was otherwise by the praetorian law, which was in the nature of court of equity, and only prevailed for the sake of the hares Scriptus, or residuary legatee. In thb case, the residuary legatee was dead, and the ground on which the jus Pratorium interposed fails. Any particular legatees only had the advantage of its revival incidentally, as it was allowed to stand on account of the general hares Scriptus.

" Suppose this case were to be decided by the Roman law, and the will were to be restored by survivorship, it could not be restored in the present instance, for no alteration in the father's intention can be presumed to have taken place after the son's death: and it was only upon such presumption that after an Agnatio sui haredis, the will was by the pretorian law restored. If die father did survive a few minutes, there b no room to suppose that he had time to change hb intsnClass I.]

tion. But the doctrine of revival ia no part of the dril law which has been adopted by the law of England. There ia a case of Barrow and Baxter decided in this court; it ia mentioned in Ambler . 431. From the Register it appears, that the wife brought no fortune and had a settlement; there was a child who died before the testator, -and yet the will was held to be revoked. As a matter of general learning, the Roman law is not adopted in these cases by the law of England, for they essentially differ from each other in many respects.

« Sir William Scott and Dr. Nichol in reply.— The civil law, upon the grounds which have been dready urged, b clearly in favour of the will; and the court will not attend to distinctions between Jut pretorium and jus civile. Jut pnetorium was as much a part of the general system as any other, and in fact it was the predominating and overruling authority.

The case of Barrow and Baxter, b certainly contrary to the civil law; and it does not appear if those points were adduced, which in this cause have been urged in support of the will.

With regard to the distinction which has been made between the Acres Script at and a special legatee, the latter was as much intended to be benefited as the former.

* It being the established law that the death of a qumti potthumut revives the will, the dbtance of the interval between hb death and that of the •testator b not material against the presumption of law. The court b not to examinf by evidence whether there was an actual change of intention or not.

« The law, with respect to revocations by marriage and the birth of a child, is, as laid down in Brady and Cubitt, a mere principle of presumption; and, ia that case, all the circumstances must be taken together, and the state of the property may fee very material. It b extraordinary IT there b any decbkm that a paper disposing of small legacies will be revoked by subsequent marriage, dec. that no such case appears. The courts have not gone the length of Lord Mansfield in Brady and Cubitt, by deciding that a revocation does not take place if any property b left: but there b no case where marriage and the birth of a child have been held to amount to a revocation, if the will was such as might have been made after these relations were contracted, fairly end without injury to the family.

* The disposition in the will in question only extends to a very small part of the property, and might be fairly made by a person having a family, the lapsed residuary bequest being as if it had never existed.

The testator having no wife or children at hb death, the tadt condition (which in Doe and Lancashire b considered as the principle of these cases) may be fairly considered as a condition that the will should not take effect if the testator should afterwards have a wife and children toho survived him.

All the cases in the courts of common law admit, that the doctrine upon this subject b borrowed from the dvil law. The courts hare not adopted dl the minute rules and distinctions, but only some

VOL. I.

225

of the general principles; and there b no printiplo better founded on justice, than that if a will b revoked by the birth of a child, it b revived by his death in the life of the father.

" Judgment of the Court:

Sir William Wynne.—It b contended on thg

Eart of the next of kin, that by marriage and thn irth of a child the will became void by implication of law: on the other side it b contended, that ther particular circumstances of the case rebut that im» plication.

It is dearly the general law, that a will made by a bachelor b revoked by subsequent marriage and the birth of a child. That there b a distinction in the case mentioned by Ambler is, I think, a mistake. The principle of the rule b, that tha change of circumstances found a presumption that there b a change ia intention, which may be as strong in favour of a second wife and family as a first; and it does not seem material whether tha will was made by a widower having children or a bachelor.

Hie more weighty argument b drawn front the operation of the will under the circumstances which have happened. The testator has given legades which are not very considerable, and the residue to hb wife. That gift of the readue becama void by her death. If he had left a second wife and son, they would have had their share with tha ether children. Ip Brady and Cubitt it b said by Lord Manafield, that there b no case of a revocation where there b not a total disposition, intimating that the ground of revocation b an entira deprivation. However that may be, if there b an ample portion remaining after a few legacies tn friends, there b no decision that a will would ba revoked. The prindple on which the cases hava gone does not militate against such a will.

" Thb case b not exactly similar: the testatot gave the bulk of hb property to hb wife early after, marriage. She lived for several yean, during which all then children were bom. The birth of those children would not revoke the will, and ha might mean to leave them in the power of theic mother. She died; and it b not an improhabla supposition, that he, knowing the effect of tha will, suffered it to remain. There b a strong ground then to contend, that, under those circumstances, the case does not foil within the ruin laid down and established for the revocation of wills.

I was not aware of the case of Barrow and! Baxter, in which the court seems to think the subsequent death of the child would not make an alteration; but the point seems a good deal like that which has been vtxataqiuntia in these courts, and brought before the courts of common law, whether a will, which is revoked by another, b sec up by the destruction of the second. There was a castf to that effect before Sir Gea Lee, of Hellvar and Hellyar, in which it was held, that the will being once revoked remained so. There was an appeal to the delegates, but it was never determined by them. The case of Glaiier and Glasier, 4 Burr-2512, was directly contrary to that; and it wag held that the first will was good. u In Brady v. Cubitt, it was laid down by BnUer; f’.

Q

Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates.

fit Miscellaneam Statute* concerning Beal Estate* [PartM *

that implied revocetieos mut depend on the cir-Ctnmtances at (he time rfthe testator's death: that makes it material to inquire what those circumstances were. The fact U, that having embarked, they all perished. The Roman law has Veen en-tfitid inhvsnd it deeriy appears by the praetorian, Which is considered as the Litter Roman law, that dm revocation was entire and not presumptive, yet the wiQ eras held to revive.

u With respect to rim priority of death, it has always appeared to me more fair and reasonable in thaw unhappy ernes, to consider all the parties aa dying at the same instant of time* than to resort to any fanciful supposition of survivosship on account of rim degrees of robustness; and 1 rather sqppose that is what is meant by Dr. Zouch in the pioqpg ifliadad to *

" Then the testator at the time of his death, hast neither wife or children. Butter, J. says. It is to depend on the circumwances at the Umerf 4he teetotal* death: there is no circumstance to raise a presumption that he intended at that time that the will should be revoked.

u On the first point 1 should have great doubt if the presumed revocation did take place at att.

" On the second, as there wen neither wife or children at the death of the testator, 1 am dearly of opinion, that the court ought to pronounce for the validity of the 100."

As to parol declarations, Ac. c. concerning tho subsistence or revocation of rim will, vide Brady u. Cubitt, and Doe v. lanraslilre, uhisup.

[No. XVIII.] 4XXWilliam & Mary, c. 16<—An Act to prevent frauds by Clwdertme Mortgages.

4W.aiAc. c.ifi.

Debtor, upon Sudgpqent, &c. anting tip moot/ of smother upon

aathoutnorioe afthe Judgment Soirim snortf Wsmquk;

obaill

y4o*e* W^HE&EAS great frauds and deceits «retoo-often pramimd by neon4 sitoue and evil disposedymens tn:borrow'tns of money and giving

* judgments statutes and recognisances privately tor securing the repay* tnent of the said money, and the same persons do afterwards 'borrow

* money upon security of their lands of other persons and do not

* acquaint the latter lender thererf with the same, whereby sudh late,

* lender is very often in danger to lose his whole money, or forced to pay

* off the .dehts secured by the said judgments statute and Tecognizanocs, 4 before they can have, any benefit of the sad mortgages j And whereas divers persons .do many times mortgage their lands more than mate* 4 witlumt giving notice, of their first mortgage, wherdby lenders of money upon second or .after mortgages .do .often lose their money and aseput to great charges in suits and otherwise:’ for remedy hereof and pro* renting the same as much as may be tor the future

11. Be it enacted by the King’s and Queen’s mosfceaoelteitt Majesties^ by and with <the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempo*! and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority -of the same. That if any person-or persons from and after the first day of May which shall he m the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety and three, shall 'borrow any money, or for any other valuable consideration, for the payment thereof, voluntarily give acknowledge permit or suffer to be entered against him or them, one or more judgment or judgments statute or statutes recognizance or recognizances to any person or persons creditor or creditors.; and if the said borrow er or borrowers debtor or debtor, shall afterwards take up or borrow any other stun or sums of money of any other .person «or person *, or for other valuable consideration become indebted to such person or pe*. jBons.ainl for securing the repayment and discharge fbeseof shall mortgage Bis her or their lauds or tenements or nay part thereof to the said second nr other lender or lenders of the said money, creditor or .creditors, or to Any other person or persons in trust for or do the use of such second or other lender .or insiders, creditor or creditors, and shall not give notice to the said mortgagee or mortgagees of the said judgment or judgments* statute or statutes, recognizance or recognisances, in writing under Iris her or their hand or lianas before the execution of the said mortgage or mortgages; mries such mortgager or mortgagers, his her or their nrirs> upon notice to him her. or them given by the mortgagee or mortgagees of the said lands and tenements, his her or their heirs executors administrators or assigns, in writing under his her or their hands and seals* attested by two or more sufficient witnesses of .any such loraerjufementor judgments statute or statutes recognizance or recognizances, snail within att months pay off and discharge the said judgment or judgments# tejtuto

OhMBJ^ MkceUaueous 'StaiutetcoHecnmtg Ated /Estates. 227

or statutes, recognisance or. recognizances, and all interest and charges due No. XVHL thereupon, and cause or procure the same to be vacated or diidiamd by . w o. at record.; 'that then the mortgager or mortgagers of theeaid-knde anntena- merits, hi* heror their heirs executors administratorsor assign shall have c* a_

no benefit or remedy against the said mortgagee or mortgagees, .his.her v

or«their heirs executors administrators or as6igu6yor any of them, in equity or elsewhere, for redemption of the said lands and tenements or any port thereof; but the said mortgagee onmortgageee, h» her or theinheirs executors administrators and assigns, shall and may hold and eqjoy the said lands and tenements for such estate and term thereiu.as were or was granted and settled to lbe*aid mortgagee or mortgagees.against the sard mortgager or mortgagers, and all -person and ^persons lawfully claiming fixnnqy* or under, him her or diem, 'freed, from equity of redemption, and as>fully<to all intents and purposes whatsoever as if the same had been purchased absolutely and without any power or liberty of redemption.

dll. .And-be it further4 enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That if any Person mart-person or persons who have or bath*once mortgaged, or from and .after gaging twice the-said .first .day of May shall mortgage any lands or tenements to any without notice wnQD er persons for .security of money lent or otherwise accrued or of tha first become.due, or.for other valuable considerations.; and if the soid mort- mortgage, lose* gager or mortgagers shall again mortgage the same lands or tenements, bis equity. or<any part thereof, to; any other person or persons for valuable eonsidera- 2 Vera. -tions(the said former mortgage beingin force and . not disci ratged,) and 590• shall not discover to the; said . second or other mortgagee or mortgagees, oreome or one* of .them, the former mortgage or mortgages in writing under .bis or their hands, that then and in those cases also the said mortgager, or mortgagers, .his her or »their; heirs executors, admmistmtOBHor assiflis/shall have no.relief or equity of redemption against the said-second grafter* mortgagee or mortgagees, his. her or their heirs exccntOTMuiminis-tratois tor assigns, upon lhe>aaid.after mortgage or .mortgages, butt that «M*h mortgagee* or mortgagees, his her or their* heirs executors adminis-tmtorsamh assigns, shall and may hold and enjoyssuch - more than orae mortgaged lands .and* tenements for such estate and term! therein as were or.wa&gnuttrd and conveyed. by the said mortgager or mortgagers, against him her. ork them, his her or thninhehrs executors or administrators respectively, freed .from .equity of redemption, and as ’fully to4)1 intents and purposes.as if thereame; had heenuin absolute purchasetand withoui any power or liberty. ofredcroption.

ilV. . Pro vickilal ways, and be itTurther*enacted.by the authority afore- Under Mcrt-aud, That-neverthehws, if iLso happen there be more than <one mortgage :g«*ees may rest the same time made by any person or persons to any person or persons -deem, of the some binds and tenements, the several late or under mortgagees, his. her or . their heirs executors administrators or assigns, -^ball hav& power to redeem: aity* former mortgage or . mortgages upon .payment of rthe principal (debt’interest and costaot suit to the, prior t mortgagee or mortgagees, lus jher or .their heirs <executors administrators or assigns, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any ^wise notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be con- Dower saved, strued deemed or extended to bar any widow of any mortgager of lands or tenements from her dower and right in or to the said lands, who did natlegpllyjom with*her husband >in such mortgage, <n\othcrwise<lawfully bar >.or exclude herself from such .her dower or right.

[No. XIX.] 5 William JcMary, e.'6.—An Act to prevent ^Disputes and Controversies concerning dtoyal Mines.

WHEREAS by a clause in one Act of Parliament made in the first 5 W. & M. c. 6* year of .their Majesties* reign, intituled An Act to repeal the Statute I W. & M.

nnode in •the 'fifth year oj King Henry the Fourth, against the multjjilyingSts. 1. e. 30.

iof dold ami SUvcr, it is amongst other things enacted, That no mine of ‘.tin copper iron or lead shall hereafter be adjudged reputed or taken to ‘he* Rqyal‘Mine, although :gold or silver may be extracted out of ineo


228

[No. XIX.

5 W. & M. c. 6.

Owner* of Mines shall enjoy them.

The King may have the Ore on the Rates following.

The Tinners

Charters) fcc. fared.

Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates. [Part II.

* same: But notwithstanding the good provision by the said statute to prevent the discouraging their Majesties good subjects who have mines

* of copper tin iron or lead in their soils from digging and opening the 1 same, many doubts and questions have arisen upon the said statute,

* whereby great suits and troubles have arisen to many owners and proprietors of such mineswherefore for the better explanation of the said statute,

II. Be it enacted and declared by the King's and Queen’s most excellent Majesties, by and with the advice and cousent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every person or persons, being subjects of the crown of England, bodies politick or corporate, that now are or hereafter shall be the owner or owners proprietor or proprietors of any mine or mines within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, wherein any ore now is or hereafter shall be discovered o|>ened found or wrought, and in which there is copper tin iron or lead, snail and may hold ana enioy the same mine or mines and ore, and continue in the possession thereof, and dig and work the said mine or mines or ore, notwithstanding that such mine or mines or ore shall be pretended or claimed to be a Royal Mine or Royal Mines; any law usage or cuctom to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That their Majesties their heirs and successors, and all claiming any Royal Mines under them, shall and may have the ore of any such mine or mines in any part of the said kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick-ttpon-Twccd, (other than tin ore in the counties of Devon and Cornwall paying to the proprietors or owners of the said mine or mines wherein auch ore is or shall be found, within thirty days after the said ore is or shall be raised and laid upon the banks of the said mine or mines, and before the same be removed from thence, the rates following (that is to say), For all ore washt made clean and merchantable, wherein is copper, the rate of sixteen pounds per ton; and for all ore washt made clean and merchantable, wherein there is tin, the rate of forty shillings per ton; and for all ore washt made clean and merchantable, wherein there is iron, the rate of forty shillings per ton; and for all ore washt made clean and merchantable, wherein there is lead, the rate of nine poundsper ton: And in default of payment of such respective sums as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the owners and proprietors of the said mine or mines, wherein such ore is are or shall be found, to sell and dispose of the said ore to his and their own uses; any law statute or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, That nothing contained in this Act shall alter determine or make void the charters granted to the tinners of Devon and Cornwall by any of the Kings and Queens of this realm, or any of the -liberties privileges or franchises of the said tinners, or to alter determine or make void the laws customs or constitutions of the Stannaries of Devon or Cornwall, or any of them.

[Vide infra, Part II. Cl. XII. No. XU.]

[No. XX.] 11 & 12 William III. c. 6.—An Act to enable his Majesty's natural-born Subjects to inherit the Estate of their Ancestors, either lineal or collateral, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens.

llfcl2W.HL 1 TJtWHEREAS divers persons bom within the King’s dominions are disabled to inherit and make their titles by descent from their ancestors, by reason that their fathers or mothers, or some other ancestor (by whom they are to derive their descent) was an alien, and not born within the King's dominionsFor remedy whereof. Be it enacted, by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Loras Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every

Class I.] Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates.

person or persons, being the King’s natural-born subject or subjects within any of the King’s realms or dominions, shall and may hereatter lawfully inherit and be inheritable as heir or heirs to any honours manors lands tenements or hereditaments, and make their pedigrees and titles by descent from any of their ancestors lineal or collateral, although the father 8nd mother, or fathers or mothers, or other ancestor of such person or persons, by from through or under whom he she or they shall or may make or derive their title or pedigree, were or was, or is or are, or shall be bom out of the King’s allegiance, and out of his Majesty’s realms and dominions, as freely fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if such hither or mother, or fathers or mothers, or other ancestor or ancestors, by from through or under whom he she or they shall or may make or derive their title or pedigree, had been naturalized or natural born subject or subjects within the King’s dominions; any law or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

King’s natural-born subjects shall inherit as heirs,

though their P*.

out of the King’s.

[No. XXI.] 25 Geo. II. c. 39.—An Act to obviates Doubts that may arise upoii an Act made and passed in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled An Jet to enable his Majesty's natural-born Subjects to inherit the Estate of their Ancestors, either lineal or collateral, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens.

9 TKWHEREAS hi and by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the 25 Geo. VL 9 eleventh and twelfth years of the Reign of his late Majesty King c. 39.

* William the Third, intituled An Act to enable hit Majesty s natural-born 11 & 12 W.IIL' 4 Subjects to Mer it the estate of their ancestors, either lineal or collateral, c. 6.

9 notwithstanding their father or mother were aliens; It is enacted, lliat

* all and every person or persons, heing the fling’s natural-born subject

* or subjects, within any of the King’s realms or dominions, should and might thereafter lawfully inherit and be inheritable, as heir or heirs, to any honours manors lands tenements or hereditaments, and make their pedigrees and titles by descent from any of their ancestors, lineal or collateral, although the father and mother, or fathers or mothers, or other/

9 ancestor of such person or persons by from through or under whom he

* she or they should or might make or derive their title or pedigree, were or was or should be born out of the King’s allegiance, and out of his Majesty’s realms and dominions, as freely fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if such father or mother or fathers or mothers or other ancestor or ancestors by from through or under whom he she or they 9 should or might make or derive their title or pedigree, had been natu* ralized or natural-born subjects: And whereas many doubts and incon* veniences may arise upon the said recited Act, in case of persons gaining 9 capacities to inherit aitd derive their pedigrees by virtue of the said recited Act, after the deaths of their ancestors to whom they claim to be

* heirs, whereby estates well vested by descent mortgages purchases and settlements duly made may be defeated:’ For remedy whereof be it enacted and declared by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

That the said statute shall not extend, or be deemed taken or construed None to inherit to extend, to give any right or title to any person or persons to inherit as hut such as heir or heirs, or coheir or coheirs, to any person dying seised of any shall bs in manors lands tenements or hereditaments, in possession reversion or being at the remainder, by enabling any such person or persons to claim or derive death of the his her or their jiedigree through any alien ancestor or ancestors, unless Ancestor who the person or persons so claiming or deriving his her or their title as heir ahall die seised, or heirs, coheir or coheirs, was or were or snail be in being, and capable to take the same estate as heir or heirs, coheir or coheirs, by virtue of the said statute, at the death of the person who shall so last die seised of such

1C

9S MmeOtomn*Sktimtmeammmmg Ami Estate*. [B&rtrEt

No. XXI.

2S Gin. II. c. 3ft

lf#n mm dtaHhkcat

vpn-s

hive a Son, the Daughter to be divested, dec.

manor* bods tenement* or homtiteraenta, and- to* whom he she oc thw shall sO'Ctaim tabeheir or heirs, coheir or coheirs* by force of the still statute.

II. Providetl^alwayS) and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid*.Hut; in cue the person.or persons who shall be in beingr&nd capable:to taka at the death of the ancestor so dying seised of any such* honours manses lands tenements or. hereditaments*.and upon whom: the descent: shall, be east by virtue of thi* Act; oc of the said recited. Act, shall happen* tobe; * daughter or daughters of an alien* and that the alien father or mother* through whom such descent shall be derived by such daughter or dsad^ tew, shall afterwards have a. son bom within.any of his Majesty’s realms or dominions* the descant; soca&t upon* such dauglUer or daughters shall be divested in favour of such son; and such sonsnall inhenfrand tafaeth* estate in like manner as is allowed by the common law of this malm hr cases of the birth of a nearer heir; or in case such father* or mother shall* have no son or sons, but shall have one or more daughter or daughters afterwards bom within any of his Majesty*! realtns or dominions, the daughter or daughters so born afterwards shall inherit and takerin coper* cenary with the daughter or daughters upon whom the descent shall be cast at the death of the ancestor last seised; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

[No. XXU.] 10 a II WillianL lift c. 10.—An Act to

enable posthumous Children totaKe Estates as if 'born in their Fathers Lifetime.

10 & 11 W.Ul. WHERKAS it often happens, that by marriage and other settlements c% rv* estates are limited in remainder to the use of the sons and daugfa- *

• tors the issue of lucti marriage, with remainders over, without limiting*! *

estate to trustees to preserve the contingent reiouinders limited to suchi sons and daughters, by which means such sons and daughters, if. their happen to be bom after the decease of their father, are* in dangpnto be? defeated of their remainder by the next in remainder after them* and ‘left unprovided for by such settlements, contrary, to the intent, of the

parties that made those settlements; ’ Be it enacted by the Ring's most, excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords, * Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this Parliament assembled* a«L

Via. V. 18*408. by the authority of the same, That where any estate already is< or shall. Estates limited hereafter* by any marri jge or other settlement*. (1) be limited in remain?* ia remainder to der to or to the use of the first or other son or sons of the body of any the lawfal issue person lawfully begotten*with*any-remainderor remainders over to or to-of the body of the use of any other person or persons* or in remainder to or to the use 5U, yPr*°11 80, 1 of a daughter or daughters lawfully begotten, with any remainder or «*In* ft "h remainders to any- other person or persons* that any son or sons or daugh* ter or dauzhters'of such person or persons lawfully begotten or to he Father mar # bet$otten9 that shall be bom after the decease of his her or their father, take such mute shall may» by virtue of such settlement* take such estate so limited as if bom in his to the first and other sons, or to the daughter or daughters, in the same lifetime, &c. although there be no lhmution to Trustees* Ac. c.

(1) In Reeve v. Long* Salk. 227, .3 Lev. 408, Skin. 430, Pasc. 6 W. & M. it was ruled, that a contingent remainder, limited by tmtf, became void by the-dcsth of a tenant for life before the birth dvhie-son imhled to the remainder; but the judgmeotwas revetted by the House of Lonfa; <XMitnvy to tbo opinion of all the judges. In the Report inSalk. a Doubt is expressed, whether this, mtnta extends to a devise, and I am not awjnw chat there is any express decision that* the statute extends to wills; but in Ros e. Quartley, T. R. 634, the const seems totakeit for granted hat it does. Mr. Butler, in a note to Go. Lit,

pa. 298, says, " There is a tradition, that: asthsi case of Reeve v. Long arose upon a will, the lads considered the question to be settled by their determination in that case, and- were unwilling, to make any eiprew mention of limitations, or. devises made in wills, lest it should appear to call in question the authority or propriety of theirde* termination. Besides (he observes) the word! of the Act mqy be construed* without much vio*» lcnee, to comprise settlements of estates enadehy wiH, as well as settlements of estate* made, by deed/' In Bull. N* P. pa. 105, it a dis:ni4* thatches* uknogaeund for the distinction *

VjVJOv Lv/

Class I.] Miscelianeom»Statutes concerning ReaT Estates. 23t

manner as if bom in the lifetime of his her or*their father, although No. XXII. there shall happen noestate to be limited to trustees after the decease .ft&n of the father, to preserve the contingent remainder to such afierbom son 11

or sons daughter or daughters, untir he she or they come in esse, or are "• "f‘c‘ *"4 Bom to take the same; any law or usuage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IL Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to.divest any estate in remainder, that by virtue of any marriage or other settlement i* already come to the possession of any -person-or persons, or to whom any right is accrued, though not in actual possession, by reason or means of any aflerborn son or sons or daughter or daughters not happening to he born in the lifetime of his her- or their father;

[No. XXIIL I 4* Atine, c. MSv—An Aotfbr the Amendment of the Law, and the better Advancement of Justice.f

POE the amendment of the law in* several 'particulars, and for the easier 4XXAnne, c. 16. speedier and better advaneement of justice^ Be it enacted by the gy 9 Anae, c. Queen’s most excellent Majesty, -by and and with the advice and consent 20, sect. 7. of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in-this present Par- This Statute is liasnentassembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and excendfctftfr after the first day*of Trinity Term which, shall be in the year of our Lord Wrireef Mao* eee thousand seven.hundred and six, where any demurrer shall he joined daimis aerf fin-and-entered in* any aotiun or suit in* any* Court of Record within this formation* »a malm, the Judges shall proceed and give judgment according as the very nature of eight of the cause and matter in law shall appear unto. them, without warranto, regarding any imperfection omission or defect in*auy writ return plaint Judges shall declaration or other pleading process or course of proceeding whatsoever, give judgment except those only which the party demurring shall specially and partial- on demurrer *, burly set down and express, together with his demurrer, as causes of the ftc. without resume, . notwithstanding, that stub imperfection omission or defect might grndiag any de-have heretofore been Jaken to be matter of substance, and not aided by f«*t in Wnt, . the Statute made in the twenty-seventh year of Queen £ljzabrtu, in- &c* titulcd An Ad. far the Furtherance of Justice in case of Demurrer and B/eadmgs+z& n* sufficient matter appear in the said pleadings upon whiah the Court may give judgment according to the very right of the cause,

{?) and therefore and after the said first day of Trinity Term no*ad- Exception *

triage or exception shall be taken of or for an immaterial traverse; or 2T Elis; «. 5»

* Called ft 5 Anne, c. 16, in VoL If. p. 930, soft hr Bird on Wills, ftc. pt 2#.

t The fallowing account of this Act it taken from Barnet’s History of his own Times:—" The Lord* Somers made a motion ih the House of Lords to correct some of the proceedings in the Common Law and in Chancery, that were bock -dilatory and very changeable. He began the morion with some instances that were more conspicuous and grots, and he managed* the matter so, that both the Lord Keeper and Judges concurred with him, though it pastes generally for a maxim, that Jhdjges ooghrratberto enlarge than contract their jumdictioci. A Bill passed the House that began a reformation of proceedings at law, which, as things now stand, are certainly amongst the greatest grievances of the nation. Whetr it went through that House of Commons, it was risible that the interest of Under-Officers Clerks and Attorneys, whose gams were to be lessened by this Bill, was more considered than the interest of the sterion itself. Several clauses, how beneficial soeverto the subject, which touche# on thtir profits, were left* out by the Commons; But what fault soever the Lords might have found with these alterations, yet, to avoid all dbputerwith tfits Commons, they agreed to their amendments^ *

A principal motive to the engaging in the present work was the removal of any prejudice against the alteration of the law, in consequence of the inconvenient magnitude which the statutes have already attained. In various parts of the worifr such alterations are suggested'ar appeared to be of a beneficial nature, and, as the title of the present numbermust be repeated in Part III, I propose to avail myself of that opportunity of introducing such observations as may appear to be material^ with respect to any alterations in the proceeding? of Courts of Law.

As the Act, of which the contents are very miscellaneous, contains some important provnaona respecting real estates, it is inserted in this plica in conformity with the general prindpth stated in the introductory note to the Statute of Frauds;

(1) See this Statute sud'Notep, peer Pact IV;

Clam Pfo ^TC

£32

No. XXIII.

Statutes of Jeofails mended to judgments on Nihil didt, ftc.

When warrants of Attorney shall be filed.

Defendant, &e. may plead several matters. Not extend to qui tam Actions.

Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates. [Part IL

of or for the default of entering pledges upon any bill or declaration; or of or for the default of alledging the bringing into Court any bond bill indenture or other deed whatsoever mentioned in the declaration or other pleading; or of or for the default of alledging of the bringing into Court letters testamentary or letters of administration; or of or for tire omission of Vi ct qrmis et contra paean, or either of them; or of or for the want of averment of Hoc paratus tit verijicart or Hoc paratus est verificare per recordum; or of or for not alledging prout patet per recordum; but the Court shall give judgment according to the very right of the cause as aforesaid, without regarding any such imperfections omissions and defects, or any other matter of like nature, except the same shall be spe-dally and particularly set down and shewn for cause of demurrer.

if. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of Trinity Term all the Statutes of Jeofai& shall be extended to judgments which shall at any time afterwards be entered upon confession, NiMU dicit or Non gum informatus, in any Court of Record; and no such judgment shall be reversed, nor any judgment upon anyr writ of enquiry of damages executed thereon be staid or reversed, for or by reason of any imperfection omission defect matter or tiling whatsoever, which would have been aided and cured by any of the said Statutes of Jeofails (2) in case a verdict of twelve men bad been given in the said action or suit, so as there be an original writ or bill and warrants of attorney duly filed according to the law as is now used.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the attorney for the plaintiff or demandant in any action or suit, shall file his warrant of attorney with the proper officer of the Court where the cause is depending the same Term he declares; and the attorney for the defendant or tenant shall file his warrant of attorney as aforesaid, the same term he appears, under the penalties inflicted upon attornies by any former law for default of filing their warrants of attorney.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of Trinity Term it shall and may be lawful for any defendant or tenant in any action or suit, or for any plaintiff in replevin in any Court of Record, with the leave of the same Court (3) to 2 Will. 21.

(2) Defects which are cured by verdict at common law axe not aided by the .statute. The presumption from the verdict in such case is, that the fact which was omitted, or imperfectly alleged, must have been proved in order to have obtained the verdict.—See the cases founded on this distinction in Williams' Note to Stennel r. Hogg, 1 Saund. 228.—See also Note to Crowther v. Oldfield, 1 Salk. 364, 6th Edit.

(3) The omitting to state that the second and subsequent pleas are pleaded by order of the court, although informal, is no cause of demurrer.—Andr. 108—1 Wils. 219—Coup. 500. If leave has not been regularly obtained, the proper course is either to sign judgment or to ajiply to the court to strike out one of the pleas.—Tidd’s Prac. 4th Edit. GOo— 1 Bos. and Pul. 415—1 Chitt. Plead. 452. The courts will not allow twn assumpsit or non est factum to be pleaded with a plea of tender, which necessarily admits a right of action. The Court of C. B. refused to admit pleas of general issue and the Stock-jobbing Act, as the defence under that Act might have been given in evidence under the general issue.—1 Bos. & PuL 222—or non assumpsit and alien enemy.—Id. & 2 B. & P. 72. This last decision was manifestly founded upon very correct principles—the one plea amounting to an absolute bar, the other only to a temporary disability. A plea to be tried by a jury cannot be

joined with ns vnques accouple, which is to be tried by the Bishop.—Harding v. Handing, Comp. Rep. 148. A defendant cannot plead double at the suit of the crown without leave of the Attorney-General.—Willes, 533—Forrest's Each. 57. It is the prerogative of the crown to give two answers to a plea, replication, or any subsequent proceeding, of which see an instance, Rex v. Parry, 14 East. 549.

The supposed inconsistency of two pleas, as not guilty and a justification, is not unfrequendy the topic of a little common-place eloquence at Nisi Prius; but, translating the legal phraseology into common language, is no more than saying. Prove I did it, and then I'll prove that 1 had a right to doit £ and certainly the defence of non feci, si feci, recta feci, does not owe its origin to the Act for the amendment of the law. The necessity of applying for the leave of the court does put some little restraint upon an abuse of the privilege in the Court of Common Pleas, where an application must be made by‘a motion for a rule to shew cause, but even there the restraint is very limited, and is only exercised in such instances as have been specified—and the real practical effect of the requisition to apply for such relief is only an addition to the expence. If the apparent object of the statute bad been attended to, a very salutary use might have* been made of this restraint, by L0

Claw I.] Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates.

Cead as many several matters thereto as he shall think necessary for is defence.

V. Provided nevertheless, That if any such matter shall upon a demurrer joined be judged insufficient, costs shall be given at the discre-. tion of the Court; (4) or if a verdict shall be found upon any issue in the said cause for the plaintiff or demandant, costs (5) shall be also given in like manner, unless the Judge who tried the said issue shall certify, (6) that the said defendant or tenant or plaintiff in replevin, had a probable cause to plead such matter which upon the said issue shall be found against him. (7)

* VI. And whereas great delays do frequently happen in trials by reason of challenges to the arrays of panels of jurors, and to the polls for

233

No. XXIIL

4XXAnne, c. 16.

Proviso touch* ing Costs.

Sec 2 Bur. 75C

Venire facias how to be awarded.

putting defendants under terms of making proper admaaons, so as to prevent the expence of proring facts which are no part of the matter in dispute. In a former publication, I was induced to make the following observations, which have some relation to this subject—Appendix to Pothier, 226. In the case of Webb v. Fox, 7 T. R. 391, to an action of trover, the defendant pleaded the general imue, and also that the plaintiff was a bankrupt. Upon a demurrer to the latter plea. Lord Kenyon said, he could not commend the mode in which the question was brought before the court, since the whole of the case might be gone into upon the general issue; whereas the defendants, in addition to the plea of not guilty, pleaded a special plea, [which, he said, would have been bad upon special demurrer, as amounting to the general issue, ] and which would be attended with additional expence to the parties.—Now it is clear, that in case the court had decided in favour of the plea, much expence would have beeen saved, because the allegations of the parties in the first instance would have brought the peint before the court in as perfect a state as it could have been brought by the great additional expence of a trial and a special case. 1 remember his lordship expresung his disapprobation of the two pleas, with more severity cif manner than appears by the report. The question which I recollect his having asked, —Why, if the special plea was preferred, was the general ianie added ? might have received the very easy answer, that although the defendant might expect by the special plea to obtain a cheap and early detiaaon of the cause, it would not have been judicious to have therefore abandoned every other ground of defence.' *

Notwithstanding the advantage which in many respects arises from the opportunity of going into the whole case on the general issue, there is a great inconvenience in subjecting parties, whose only difference is *ith respect to the legal effect of certain undisputed facts, to go through the expence of a trial, in order to state those facts judicially to the court—but upon this subject, I shall take an opportunity of submitting some observations in another place.

f4) It is only the quantum of the costs which is m the discretion of the court, and not the question whether any costs shall be allowed.—Dubcrly i'. Page, 2 T. R. 391.

(5) An avowant is a plaintiff within this section.—Dodd v. Joddrell, 2 T. R. 235. A defendant in replevin is subject to carts upon avowries

net supported.—Stone cr. Forsyth, ’ Doug. 799, Note.—See Vallum v. Simpson, 2 B. & P. 368, infra Note 7.

(6) The certificate need not be made in court, and may be granted after the plaintiff's application for costs.—Creraer v. Dent, Barnes, 141. In Duberley v. Page, mentioned No. 4, supra. Butler, J. said, he had never known any instance of e Judge, at Nisi Prius, certifying in favour of the party pleading double, when the femes were found against him.

(7) 1 he effect of this clause is only to give the costs of the particular pleadings, when the general judgment is in favour of the defendant. If all the issues are found for the plaintiff, and the Judge certifies under the statute 43 Elis, the plaintiff is entitled to no more costa than damages. If after judgment for the plaintiff upon demurrer as to one plea, the defendant obtains a verdict upon the other, the plaintiff is entitled to the corts of the demurrer.--—Duberley v. Page, supra Note 5* Where upon not guilty, and, not guilty ttitkm & yen s, the defendant had judgment on demurrer at to the second, and the plaintiff afterwards proceeded to trial and had a verdict on the first, the defendant had costa on the demurrer, and no costs of the trial were allowed on either side.—Cooke v. Sayer, Bur. 753.

In Vivian v. Blake, 11 East, 263, the defendant to an action of trespass on the plaintiff’s fishery, pleaded the general issue, and that the locus in quo was a public harbour, where all the king’s subjects had a right to fish, the replication prescribed for a free fishery, which was negatived by the rejoinder. The verdict being found for the plaintiff on the general issue, and for the defendant upon the special pleading, it was ruled that as the issue on the prescription, which had been entered for the defendants, went to the whole trespass, the finding on the whole record being in favour of the defendant, the plaintiff could not be entitled to the costs of the general issue.

It was formerly held, that the plaintiff or defendant in replevin, in whose favour any parti-culer issues were found, (the general result of the suit being in favour of the other party,) was only entitled to the coats of the pleadings—but it is now settled, that he is entitled to the coats of the trial.—Brooke v. Willet, 2 H. BL 435—1Valium v. Simpson, 2 B. & P. 368* The courts allow the particular costs, to which a party is entitled under this Section, to be deducted out of the general costs awarded to the opposite party. i DigitizIdb7vL.

Niot to to Writooi Appeal at Felony orMurderv &c.

Where Jurors.

Court may order fecial Writs or Dis-tringaw at Hainan CVrpfliTi

Sen 1 Bur. 252, . 256rHMLaO.IL fi»2S»

tnbrgob

antofTW

No<fibtoryj|le»

unloai’OB affida *

vie. See-3 Bur. 161fo

Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates. [PhrtlH

* default of hundredors :v for prevention thereof for the ftiturc, be It enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of Trinity Term, every Fetiire facial for the trial of any issue in any action or suit in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, shall be awarded of tnc body of the proper county where* such issue is trisfife.

V1L Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing, in this Act before contained shall extend to any writ declaration or suit of appeal of felony or murder, or to any indictment or presentment of treason felony or murder or other matter, or to any process upon any of them, or to any writ bill action or information upon any Penal (8) Statute.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said-firstdayof 2trinity Term in any amiony brought in any of her Majesty’s. Courts of ReooxtL at Wattmuuicr, wharfcit shall appear to* the Court in which such, actions are depending, that it wall* be proper and necessary that the jurors who are totny the issues iiKany'such nations-should have Hie view of the meswgas lands or place npqaeetMt ht order to their better understanding the evidence that will he given upon the trials-of such issues, in every such case the respective Courts m which such' action* shaltbe depending* may orderspecial writs of Dh-tringru or HJnbeu* Corpora to issue, by which the Sheriff or such other officer to* whom the said'writs shall be directed shall be commanded CD have six out of the first twelve of the jurors named in such writs? or soma mater number of them, at the place in question some convenient time before die trial* who. then and there shall have the matters in question' shewn to them, by two persons in the said writs named, to be appointed by the Court; anil the*said* Sheriff or other offioer who ia> to execute the said writs* shall by a special return upon the same certify diet the view hath been had acconlingto the command of the same writs *

IX. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thatr faro and' afar thwsaid first day of Trinity term, all grants or oonwyastas thereafter to be made by tine or othorwise, of any manors or rents* or of tile reversion or remainder of any messuages or lands, shall be good am? effectual to all intents and purposes, without any attornment of the tenants of any such manors, or of the land out of which such rent shall be issuing, or of the particular tenants upon whose particular estates any such reversions or remainder shall and may be expectant or depending; as if their attominenthnd been had and made. (9)

X. Provided nevertheless, That no such, tenant shall be. prejudiced or damaged by payment of any rent to any . such grantor or conusor, or by breach of any condition for nonpayment of rent, before notice shall be given, to bint: of such giant by the oonusec or grantee.

Xii And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, . That faro and after the said first' day-of Trinity term, no dilatory plea (19) shall be received (IT) in any Court of Record; unless the party offering' such plea do by affidavit prove the truth (12) thereof, or sftev seme probable matter to the Court to induce them to believe that the fact of such dilatory plea is true.

(8) Vide rotate Geo. c. 26, (requiring all proceedings to be in English,) which prorides, Section 4, thtrtU Statutes of JcoCub-sbsil extend to all proceedings in Courts of Justice (except criminal cases,) where the proceedings are in English, and which, in Middleton v. Wynne, WUles, 597, it was ruled to have the effect of extenefing all Statutes of Jeofails to penal actions.

(9) Sob Note to Statute 27 Henry 8* c. 16, fir enrriment of bargains and sales, peat class No. Title Uses.

(Iff) Tbit extends to criminal proceedings— Bn. v. Grainger, 3 Bur. 1617; to plea by Tern Tenants in Scire Facias, that there are others not mu il WjHiro* Note to Foxtrot* r. TVemaine,

2 ^und. 210; (e); to aid prayerimrreal action— Onslow v. Smith, 2 IT. & P. 384 not to matt ere apparent on the proceedings, as want of addition— Hughes v. Alvares, 2 Lead' Raym. 1409—Sherman v. Alvares, Str. 639; or that that the petty is an attorney of the fame court; —M*Doqgal r. Claridge, 1 Ctiitt. Plead. 453, No.

(11) if there be no affidavit, or it be defective; the plaintiff may treat the plea as a nullity and sign judgment, or move the court to ter it aside: —Fbxwist p. Tremaine, 2 Williams, Sound. 219; 1 Str. 638.

(12) It is not necessary that the affidavit ahmsld be made by the party txamself.—Lumlej v, Foster, fanes, 344.

0. !«.

GlanL] MueeUatwamt StaMBtamaenurnff JhaiJEriaO*.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* That from Nfo. X3HHL and after the said first day of rl*rinity.tcrmy whereaiy notion of debt shall ha brought uponany single bill *, or where action of debt* or scirrjfacio#, shall be brought upon any judgment* if the defendant hath paid the money due upon such bill or judgment^ such payment shall and may be nlbaded in bar of such-action or suit* and where an action of debt is Action of Me Drought upon any bond which hath; a condition or defeazance to make hmegtima aftr void the same upon payment o€ m lesser sum at m day of place oer- gU Bitter Judg-tain* (13) if the obliger* his heirs executors or administrator? hare, be- meat* after ibro the action brought* paid to the obligee* hi* executor* oradministra- money prid; ton *, the principal and interest due by the defeasanceor condition of such wwh payment: bond *, though such payment was not made atrietiy according to die eon- br pWW dite or defeasance* yet it shailand may.mwithdew br pcaded in- bar of suchactkm^and shall bn aa efiastuala bar thereuf* aa if the money had bean paid at tiieday and* place aoooording to the condition-or defeat Bond* °° zance* and bad been sa pleaded.

XU I. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* That if at principal and any time pending an action upon any such bond with a penalty* the de- interest on fendant shall bring- into the' Court where the action shall be-depending Bends paid in all the principal money and interest due on such bond* and alSe^ali. such Coarry«c. costs aa have- been expended in any suit or'suite in law or equity* upon See 3 Bbn such* bond, the said* money so brought in shall be deemed* and taken to 1370 to 1370. be in full satisfaction and.discharge of the said bead*-and the Court shall and may give judgment to*discharge every- such defendant of and from the same accordingly.

4 XIV. And whorea*. by an Art of Parliament made- in the twenty- Nuncupative uinth year of King Cirenuts the Second* intituled An Act for Prtv&rtwn wills.

* of Fraudt and Perjune^ it is enacted. That no nuncupative will shall 29 Csf. IT.

4 be good f where the estate thereby bequeathed shall exceed the value c.3.

4 of thirty pounds *, that it is not proved by the oaths ofthree witnesses at the least* that were (irescntat the-matting thereofit is hereby- de*. dared* That all such witnesses.as amend ought to be-allowed' to be good *

witnesses- upon, trials at law* by the laws and customs of this realms shall be deemed good witnesses to prove any nuncupative will) or any thing relating thereunto;

XV. Aod> whereas it hath been doubted, , whether since the making Declarations of the said last mentioned Act of Parliament* the declarations or crea- of Uses* Three* 4 tions of uses trusts or confidences of any fines or common recoveries manifested by deed made after the levying or suffering of such fines ^clies.

4 or recoveries* are goodandicffectual in lawit is hereby- declared, That

all declarations or creations of uses trusts or confidences of any fines or

common recoveries of any landstenements or hereditaments manifested

and-proved, on whichhereafter shallbe manifesied and proved by any deed

already made.-or hereafter to be made by the party who is by law enabled '

to-declarc such uses or trusts*.after the levying' or suffering of any such 29 Car. IT. c - 3r

fines or recoveries*.are.and sftiUI lie as goodan'i effectual in the law as if

the-said last mentioned Act had not been made. (14)

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from No claim or and after the said first day ofTVuiify term* no claim-or entry to be made entry to avoid of or upon any'lands tenements or hereditaments shall be ot any force or Fine unless effect to avoid any fine levied with proclamations*. aeoovding to the form action be com-of the Statute in that case made and provided1* in the Queen’s Court of menced in one Cosmos Pitta at, Ititxtmimter, or in the Courts of Sessions in any of the Counties Palatine, ot in Courtvof Grand Sesskm»-m* Waks, of any lands tenements or hereditaments* or shall be a sufficient entry or churn within the Statute made in the twenty-first year of King Janas the First* intiyear after entry made.

21 Jac.1. c.l&.

(13) The peuriaieuo of the section extended to wife»fisur yearrafter a fine was levied* liektgood*—

a casewhweahucoodiriondid net specify any day the jury having found* tint the fine was levied of paymeao-suchband ia due raunediasely* and to* the urn to declared^—Bnbell e. Boriaad* tumm inosrut»ahhough not-eapreatiy rewired:— 11 Mod 196^—Holt* R. 733. Ante tfaewecesdty

Etrqnhar w Monica* 7T. ft, 124; of the dedantion of ueea being by deed* see ffug(14) A dedantion of uass? by husbatt* awL denfr.Noso to> tfibk Vans eadTrusss*4 W. (fid):

No. XXIII.

4XXAnne, c. 16.

Wages.

NcMgt Feme Coven or Non

Action against persons gone beyond the Seas, may be brought after their return.

hsvina

Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Beal Estates. [Part II.

tuled, An Act for Limitation of Actions, and far avoiding of Suits in Lawt uuless upon such entry or claim, an action shall be commenced within one year nett after the making of such entry or claim, and prosecuted with effect.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all suits and actions in the Court of Admiralty for seamen’s wages, which shall become due after the said first day of Trinity term, shall be commenced and sued within six years next after the cause of such suits or actions shall accrue, and not after.

XVIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if any person or persons who is or shall be intitled to any such suit or action for

seamen’s wages, be or shall be at the time of any such cause of suit or

Compos Meads, action accrued, fallen or come within the age of twenty-one years, feme *€» coveit, non <vmpo\ mentis, imprisoned, or beyond the seas, that then

such person or persons shall be at liberty to bring the same actions, so as they take the same within six years next after their coming to, or being of full age, discovert, of sane memory, at large, and returned from beyond the seas.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons against whom there is or shall be any such cause of suit or action for seamen’s waives, or against whom there shall be any cause of action or trespass, detinue, actions sur trover, or replevin for taking away goods or cattle, or of action of account, or upon the case, or of debt grounded'upon any lending or contract without specialty of debt for arrearages of rent, or assaults menace battery wounding and imprisonment, or any of them, be or shall be at the time of any such cause or suit or action given or accrued, fallen or come beyond the seas; that then such person or persons who is or shall be intitled to any such suit or action snail be at liberty to bring the said actions against such persona and persons after their return from beyond the seas, so as they take the same after their return from beyond the seas within such times as are

• respectively limited for the bringing of the said actions before by this Act *

21 Jac. I. c. 16. ana by the said other Act made in the one and twentieth year of the reign of King James the First.

BaiTBond taken XX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person by 8herifF, dec. or persons shall be arrested from and after the said first day of iWmfy may be assigned Term by any writ bill or process issuing out of any of her Majesty's to the Plaintiff. Courts of Record at Westminster, (15) at the suit of any common person, and the sheriff or other officer taketh bail from such person, against whom such writ bill or process is taken out, the sheriff or other officer, at the request and costs of the plaintiff in such action or suit, or his lawful attorney, shall assign to the plaintiff in such action the bail bond, or other security taken from such bail, by endorsing the same, and attesting it under his hand and seal in the presence of two or more credible w itnesses, which may be done without any stamp; provided the assignment so endorsed be duly stampt before any action be brought thereupon, and if the said bail bond or assignment or other security taken for bail be forfeited, the plaintiff in such action, after such assignment made, may bring an action and suit thereupon in his own name, and the court where the action is brought may, by rule or rules of the same court, give such relief to the plaintiff and defendant in the original action, and to the bail upon the said bond or other security taken from such bail, as is agreeable to justice and reason, and that such rule or rules of the said court shall have the nature and effect of a defeazance to such bail bond or other security for bail. (16)

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all warranties which shall be made after the said first day of Trinity Term, by

Provnow

Warranty by Tenant for Life void.

(15) The aame provisions extended in certain cases to bail bonds on process, from the counties palatine of Lancaster and Chester.—Stat. 22 G. II. c. 36. sec. 35.

(16) The action on tha assignment of the bail

bond must be brought in the same court as the original action - —1 Bur. 642—3 Bur. 1923—-3 Wils. 348—2 Bl. 838.—So an action by the Sheriff on the bail bond, in B. R. 8 T. R. 152* contra in C. B. 1. H. Bl. 631.

c. 16.

Class I.] Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates. 23/

any tenant for life of any lands tenements or hereditaments, the same do- No. XXIII. scending or coming to any person in reversion or remainder, shall be void . Anne

and of none effect: and likewise all collateral warranties which shall be Anne, made after the said first day of Trinity Term of any lands tenements or hereditaments, by any ancestor who has no estate of inheritance in possession in the same, shall be void against the heir. (1?).

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no No Subpoena to n&p&na, or any other process for appearance, do issue out of any court of issue till after equity till after the bill is filed with th£ proper officer in the respective Bill Hied, courts of equity, except in cases for bills for injunctions to stay wastes, or Exception, stay suits at law commenced, and a certificate thereof brought to the Subpoena office, or to him who usually makes out subpetnas or other process m the several courts of equity, under the hand of the six clerk, or other clerk or officer who usually files bills in equity, for which certificate he shall receive no fee.

XXIII. And for the better preventing vexatious suits in courts of equity, Qq dSsmheug be it further enacted, That upon the plaintiff's dismissing his own bill, or b31s in Equity, the defendant's dismissing the same for want of prosecution, the plaintiff Plaintiff or Dein such suit shall pay to the defendant or defendants his or their full fendant to pay costs, to be taxed by a master: And that no copy abstract or tenor of any full Costa, bill in equity do go with the dcdimiu or commission for taking the defendant’s answer, but in lieu and recompense thereof the sworn clerks of the

Court of Chancery shall take to their own use, in all causes, the whole Term fee of three shillings and four pence, and also the whole fee or fees of and for all small writs made by the said sworn clerks.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from Act to extend and after the said first day of Trinity term, this Act and all the Statutes to all suits foe of Jeofails shall extend to all suits in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record the King's 8t Westminster, for recovery of any debt immediately owing, or any re- Debts, See. venue belonging to her Majesty her heirs or successors; and shall also v PhSn*« extend to all Courts of Record in the counties palatine of Lancaster Chester in &acc. HiL and Durham, and the principality of Wales, and to all other Courts of Record 1745 within this kingdom.

XXV. And for the preventing great vexation from suing out defective On qtuahing writs of error; lie it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon the Writ of Enot quashing any writ of error to be sued out after me said first day of Trinity Defendant to Term, for variance from the original record or other defect, (18) the de- have costs, fendants in such error shall recover against the plaintiff or plaintiffs,

issuing out such writ, his costs, as he should have had if the Judgment had been affirmed, and to be recovered in the same manner.

1 XXVI. And whereas great trouble and expence is frequently occa- Probates of sioned to the widows and orphans of persons dying intestate to monies Wills and Ad-4 or wages due for work done in her Majesty's yards and docks, by dis- ministrations.

4 putes happening about the authority of granting probate of the wills and letters of administration of the goods and chattels of such persons,

4 and for preventing Such unnecessary trouble and expence* Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the power of granting probates of the wills and letters of administration of the goods and chattels of such person and persons respectively, is, and is hereby declared to be, in the Ordinary of me diocese, or such other person to whom the ordinary power of probate of wills or granting letters of administration do belong, where such person and persons shall respectively die; and that the salary wages or pay due to such person or persons from the Queen's Majesty her heirs or successors, for work done in any of the yards or docks, shall Bona notabiluu not be taken or deemed to be bona notabilia, whereby to found the jurisdiction of the Prerogative Court

XXVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and Action* of Account may be brought against Executors of Guardian, Bailiff, &c«

(17) The effect of warranty, by tenant in tail In possession is not restrained by this Act.—See Cruise on Conveyancing, tit. <32, c. 4, sec. 8.

(18) The Statute extends to all Writs of Error

Cooper v. Ginger, 1 Str. 606—2 Lord Raym. 1403. To s Writ of Error, quashed because brought by a feme covert, without her husband.—M*Na-raaza v. fisher, 8 T. R. 302,



9flfr

No. xxiii.

4XXAnne,

c. 16.

Auditon ts examiae the ptr-tiee»oo<oeth.

jl&M&tacaBtf A$fca tutor concerning Steal EetoAee. [Pact JEL

after the said first day of Trinity term, actions Af account shall andrmagr be brought and maintained against the executors and adminktratawaf every guardian bailiff and receiver; and abo by one jorat-tenantsnd tenant in common his executors and administrators, against the other, as bailiff, for receiving more than comes to his just share* or iproportran, and against the executor mud administrator of such joint-tenant or tenant iin common; and the auditors appointed by thenourt where such actkm Shall be depending, filiall be and are hereby impowered to administer an oath and ^examine >ftic parties touching 'the matters in question, and for their pains and trouble m auditing ana taking such account .have such allow, ance as the court shall .adjudge to .he reasonable, to he pakhby .the-party on whose side the balance of the account shall appear to be. (19)

(19) The last reported ease in an action of aeaount, is Godfrey ^.'Saunders, 3 Wills. 94. It appears that the action had at that time fallen into>diaisae, end 'Lord Ch. J. Wilmot expressed a aatidaefion at eaeing it retired. The advantage ofeatning isto an examination of disputed items of account before auditors, rather than before a judge and jury fit nisi prius, kvery evident; but the particular cases in which the proper action Of account can be property brought are comparatively few, and throe-cases are now move generally submitted tarouxte of .equity* The examination of croas accounts in courts of law, in oidi-naay ones, did notfiBust at coranum Jaw, and waa onjy .introduced by the Statutes of Set off. Such cases are constantly brought .on -at nisi prius, when the impessihiltty of disposing of them by that mode of proceeding is fully recognized .by dfo aauxtfind (counsel, and the case k almost ntoemartly referred to arbitration, vary .often contrary to the wishes of the parties, who.aaa.anxcaus that the matter should be .brought to-a dose, and are mutually averse to the further expence and delay they are thereby subjected to, end which they often regard as a sacrifice of their clauns to the convenience of other persons. By this count, ill the ex pence and inconvenience xt a trial kin-eurred—hm tnuth good might be done, andtnurii loss and even ruin avoided, if the -courts were invested withe summary power, upon due appliesbun from either party, -to submit the examination fif matters of disputed account to auditors appointed for’that piapam, acting wafer tihe contrail, and superintendence of the court* with sufficient .powers tokirect the trial of garal kroaaton any disputable .facta which .would be > the proper.oi^ect of.a.trial by jury.

[Vo.XX'IV. "]*6 Anne, c. 18.—An Act for the more effectual Discover of the Death of Perron* pretended to be aline, do the Prejudice of dlioee who ahum EstatfO after their Death*.

6 Anne, c» 18. 19 CnJlf«c.i4 *

Person claiming Estate in remainder, Ac. c. after death of minor, married woman, Ac. c. on affidavit. Ice. that he hath cause to believe

k dead. Lord Chancellor to cfiutexuch mi-M&fec* to be

produced, Ac. c. Guardian, Ac. c. befiiiiqg to pro. dupe such infant, Ac. c.

4 TflTliEREAS divers persons, os guardians and -trustees for infants, and

* TT hubhandsiin right of their wives, and other pmaonaJiaving'est&tes or interest detemiiuable .upon a .life or lives, have-continued to receiver their rents and (profits of such lands after the determination of their said particular estates or interests:and whereas the .proof of the death

* vof the persons on whose lives «uch particular -estates or .intereats ide» 4, pended, is very difficult, and saverai .persons have heen and may he

* thereby defrauded:’ J\orremedy whcreafaml fortpreventing snob ifraudtt-tent .practices, lte.it'enacted by the Queen’s most excellent Majesty, -by and-with the advice And consent of the JLardsSpiritual and Temporal ana Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by-the authority *of the same, ThaUmy person or persons who hath or shall have .any claim or demand in or to any remainder reversion or’expectancy-in or to any estate after the death of any person within age mamed woman < or any other person whatsoever, upon affidavit (nuule in the.High'.Court-of &Aa*-eery by the persons eo claiming ouch-estate -of his or her title, And-that be or she hath cause to believe that such minor .urarried woman or other person is dead, and that histor her death is concealed by such guardian trustee husband or any other person, shall and may once a year, ifthe person aggrieved shall think fit, move the Lord Chancellor Keeper or Com* missioned for.thetciistndy of the great seal of Great Britain ibr; the time being, to order, and they are hereby authorised andxequived to order-such guardian trustee husband or other person concealing orsuspected h><oan~ ceal .auchperson, at such rixncaiul phroeas thefiaidxCoitttfihoiLdkrecst, <an

* \^\ZJOxiVL

6 Ann

c. 18.

Class Li) Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Meal Estates.

personal-or other due service of such order, to produce and shew to such No. XXIV. person and persons (not exceeding two) as statu in such order be named by the party or parties prosecuting such order, such minor married woman or other persons aforesaid; and if such guardian trustee husband or such other person as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to produce or shew such infant married woman or such other person on whose life any such estate doth defend, according to the directions of the said order, that then the

trustee hu&band^or other person to produc^lnich minor marrielw^maa or other person concealed, in the said Court of Chancery, or otherwise before commissioners to be appointed by the said court, .at such time and jflace as the Court shall direct, two of which commissioners shall be no* mutated by the party or parties prosecuting such order at his her or their costs and charges; and in case such guardian trustee husband or other person shall refuse or neglect to produce surih infant married woman.or other person so .concealed, in the Court of Chancery, or before such commissioners, whereof return shall be made by such commissioners, and that return filed in the Petty Bag office, in either or any of the said cases the said Party to cat-minor married woman or such other person so concealed shall be taken to ceded to be be dead, and it shall be lawful for any person claiming any right title .or "ken tobe interest in remainder or reversion or otherwise, after the death of such de»d, eaaihiro-infant married woman or such other person so concealed as aforesaid, to enter upon -such lands tenements ana hereditament ^, as if such infant married woman or other person so concealed were actually dead.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if it On affidavit that shall appear to the said Court by affidavit, that such minor married wo* minor, &c.is man or other person for whose life such estate is holden, is or lately was beyond *, at some certain place beyond the.ecas, in the said affidavit to be man* claimant may tinned, it shall and may; be lawful for the party or parties prosecuting wen^ ovw[P1* such order as aforesaid, at his her or their costs and charges, to send over '

one or both the said persons appointed by the said order to view such *uch lp>no^>Ac* minor married .woman or other person for whose life any .such estate is holden; and in case such guardian trustee husband or other person concealing or suspected to conceal such person as aforesaid, ahall refuse or neglect to produce or procure to he .produced to such person or persons a personal view of sudh infant married woman or other person Tor whose life any such estate is holden, that then and in such case such person or persons are hereby acquired to make a true return of .such refusal or neglect to the Court of Chancery, which return shall be filed in the Petty Sag Office, and thereupon such minor married woman or other person for whose life any such estate is holden shall be taken to be dead; and it shall be lawful for any parson -Claiming wy right title or interest in remainder reversion or otherwise, after the death of such infant married woman or other person for whose life any such estate is holden, to enter upon such lands tenements and hereditaments, as if such infant married woman or other person for whose life any such estate is holden were actually dead.

JIL Provided always, That if it shall afterwards appear upon proof in any action to he brought, .that such infantinarried woman orother person 7^ for whose life any such estate is holden mere alive at the time of such order made, that then it shall be lawful for ouch infant married woman y

guardian or-trustee or other parson having any estate or interest determinable upon such life, to re-enter upon the said lands tenements or hereditaments, and for such infant married woman or other person having any estate or interest determinable upon such life, their executors awirasUaturs or assigns, to maintain an action against those who since foe said order received the profits of such lands tenements or hereditaments, or their executors or administrators, and therein to recover full damages for the profits of the same received from the rime that such in-foot married woman or other .person having any estate or interest determinable upon such life were ousted of the possession of such lands tenements or hereditaments.

340

No. XXIV.

6 Anne, c. 18.

IfGqvdiiiiyftr. movie that he, oath used his

C to appear, and that he was then firing. Ax.

Gtianfian to

continue in posGuanfian, Ac. c. holding Eatttes after determi-narion of life of minor, ftc. adjudged trea-pnnt

Hein Are. may recover damages.

9 Geo. L c. 29.

Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates. [Part II.

IV. Provided always, That if any such guardian trustee husband or other person or persons holding or having any estate or interest determinable upon the life or lives ot any other person or persons, shall by any affidavit or otherwise to the satisfaction of the said Court of Ckmt-cery make appear that he she or they have used his her or their utmost endeavours to procure such infant married woman or other person or persons on whose life or lives such estate or interest doth depend, to appear in the said Court of Chancery or elsewhere, according to the order of the said Court in that behalf made, and that he she or they cannot procure or compel such infant married woman or other person or persons so to appear, and that such infant married woman or other person or persons on whose life or lives such estate or interest doth depend, is are or were living at the time of such return made and filed as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for such person or persons to continue in the possession of such estate, and receive the rents and profits thereof for and during the infancy of such infant, and the life or lives of such 'married woman or other person or persons on whose life or lives such estate or interest doth or shall depend, as fully as he she or they might have done if this Act had not been made.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person who as guardian or trustee for any infant, and every husband seized in right ofnis wife only, and every other person having any estate determinable upon any life or lives, wher after the determination of such particular estates or interests-, without the express consent of him her or them who arc or shall be next and immediately entitled upon and after the determination of such particular estates or interests, shall hold over and continue in possession of any manors messuages lands tenements or.hereditaments, shall be and are hereby adjudged to be trespassers; and that every person and persons his her and their executors and administrators, who are or shall be entitled to any such manors messuages lands tenements and hereditaments upon or after the determination of such particular estates or interests, shall and may recover in damages against every such person or persons so holding over as aforesaid, and against his her or their executors or administrators, the full value of the profits received during such wrongful possession as aforesaid.

[No. XXV.] 7 Anne, c. 18.—An Act to preserve the Rights of Patrons to Advowsons.

[Inserted Part I. Class II. No. XVII.]

[No. XXVI.] 9 George 1. c. 29.*—An Act to enable Lords oi Manors more easily to recover their Fines, and to exempt Infants and Femes Covert from Forfeitures of their Copyhold Estates in particular Cases.

1 TEWHEREAS seme doubts have arisen in the law concerning the power

* of Lords of Manors in that part of Great Britain called England and the dominion of Wales, to seize die copyhold lands tenements and

* hereditaments, parcel of their manors, on ttie neglect or refusal of persons to come in and be admitted tenants of the same f Therefore for ascertaining the law and providing a reasonable and proper remedy for the Lords of Manors to compel the admission of their tenants; Be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That where any person or persons, being under the age of ene and twenty years or feme or femes covert, shall from and after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, be entitled by descent or surrender to the use of a last will to oe admitted tenant

• Vide Evelyn r. Chichester, 3 Burr. 1717. D *

Class I.] Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates.

or tenants of any copyhold messuages lands tenements or hereditaments within that part of Great Britain called England or the dominion of Wales, they the said infants or femes covert not having been admitted thereto, and not having paid their tines, every such infant or feme covert in their proper persons, or such feme covert by her attorney, or such infant by his or ner guardian or guardians, if he or she shall have any such; and in case he or she shall have no guardian or guardians then by his or her attorney or attorneys (for which purpose such infants and femes covert shall be and are hereby empowered by writing uhder his or her hand and seal respectively, to appoint an attorney or attorneys on his or her behalf,) shall come to and appear at one of the three next Courts which shall be kept (for the keeping whereof the usual notice shall be given) for such manor or manors, whereof such messuages lands tenements or hereditaments shall be parcel, and shall there tender and offer themselves to the l^ord or his Steward of such Courts, to be admitted tenants to all and every the said messuages lands tenements and hereditaments so surrendered descended or come to or to the use of every such infant or feme covert, to make which appearance, and to take such admittance in behalf of such infant or feme covert, such guardian and attorney shall be and they are hereby respectively authorized and required:And in default of the appearance of such infants or femes covert in their own persons, nr by their guardians or attorneys in that behalf, and of acceptance of such admittance as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and tor the Lord or Lords of every such manor and manors or his and their Steward and Stewards of the Courts thereof, after §uch three several Courts have been duly holden for such manor or manors, and proclamations in such several Courts been regularly made, to nominate and appoint at any subsequent Court or Courts to be holden for such manor or manors any fit person to be guardian or attorney for every such infant or feme covert for that purpose only, and by such guardian or attorney to admit every such infant or feme covert to all and every the said messuages lands tenements and hereditaments, according to such estates as such infants or femes covert shall be legally entitled to therein; and upon every such admittance to impose and set such fine and fines as might have been legally imposed ana set, if such infant so admitted had been of full age, or if such feme covert had been sole and unmarried.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon every such admittance or admittances of any infant or feme covert as aforesaid, the fine or fines imposed and set thereupon shall and may be demanded by the bailiff or agent of the Lord or Lords of such manors, by a note in writing signed by the Lord of such manor or by his Steward, to be left with such infant or feme covert or with the guardian of such infant or husband of such feme covert, or with the tenaut or occupier of the messuages lands or tenements to which such infant or feme covert was admitted; and that if in such case the said fine or fines so imposed and set be not paid or tendered to such Lord or Lords, or to his or their Steward or Stewards, within three months after such demand made, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord or Lords of such manor or manors where such admittance or admittances are had to enter into and upon all and every the copyhold messuages lands tenements and hereditaments to which any such infant or feme covert shall be so admitted, and to hold and enjoy die same, and to receive the rents issues and profits thereof, but without liberty to fell any timber standing thereon for so long time only and until by such rents issues and profits such Lord or Lords shall be fully paid and satisfied such fine and fines, together with all reasonable and necessary costs and charges which such Lord or Lords shall have been put unto inlevying and raising the same, and in obtaining the possession of such copyhold messuages lands tenements and here* ditaments, although such infant or feme covert shall happen to die be* fore such fine and fines, and the costs and charges aforesaid, shall be raised and collected:of all which rents issues and profits so to be received by such Lord or Lords of such manor or manors, or his or their Stewards Bailiffs or servants upon the occasion aforesaid, such Lord or Vol, I. R

Feme coverts end infanta may be admitted to Copyhold Estates by their Attorney or Guardian.

In default of their appearance the Lord may appoint a Guardian, Ac *

Fines of feme coverts, Ac. c. in what i

If not paid, Ac. c. the Lord may enter and receive the profits of the Copy-hold till he is satisfied, Ac. c.

The Lori Co account yisriy,

249

No. XXVI. 9 Geo. I. e. 29.

And shall deliver up possession on satisfaction of the fines *

Guardians or husbands paying fines, may reimburse themselves out of the teats of the Copyhold.

Nofbrfekore to he incurred by feme coverts, &c. fir not appearing or refusing to pay fines.

Fines not warranted by custom, Ac. c. may be contrary.

Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates. [Part II.

Lords of such manor or manors shall yearly and every year, upon demand to be made by such person or persons who shall be entitled to the surplus of the rents ana profits over and above what will pay and satisfy such fine and costs and charges so received as aforesaid, or by such person or persons as shall be then entitled to such copyhold estate, give and render a just and true account, and shall nay the said surplus rents issues and profits, if any, to such person ana persons as shaft be res|>ectively entitled to the sa; t e.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as soon as such fine or fines and the costs charges and expences aforesaid shall be fully paid and satisfied, or if after such seizure of and entry upon such copvhokl lands tenements or hereditaments fur the purposes aforesaid, such fine or fines and the costs and charges aforesaid, shall be lawfuflv tendered and off ered to he paid and satisfied to the Lord or Lords of such manor or manors, that then in any of the said cases it shall and may be lawful to and fur such infant ot feme covert, or other person intitled thereto, to enter upon and take possession of and hold tfte said copyhold premises, according to such estate or interest as he or she shall be lawfully intitled to therein; and the Lord and Lords of such manor or manors shall, and is and are hereby required, in any of the said cases, to deliver possession thereof accordingly; and if such Lord or Lords of such manor, after such fine or fines and the costs and charges aforesaid, shall be fully paid and satisfied, or after the same shall have been tendered or offered to be paid as aforesaid, shall refuse to deliver the possession of the said copyhok! premises as aforesaid, he or they shall be liable to and shall make satisfaction to the person or persons so kept out of possession for all the damages that he or she shall thereby sustain, and all the costs and charges that he or she shall be put unto for recovery thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any infant or feme cover^shall be admitted to any copyhold messuages lands tenements or hereditaments, if the guardian of suen infant, or husband of such feme covert/shall pay to the Lord or Lords of any manor or manors the fine or tines legally imposed and set upon such admittance or admittances, and the costs and charges which such lord of such manors shall have been put unto as aforesaid; that then it shall and maybe lawful to and for every guardian of such infant or husband of such feme covert, their executors and administrators, to enter into and to hold and enjoy ail and every the said copyhok! messuages lands tenements and hereditaments to which such infant or feme covert shall be so admitted, and the rents issues and profits thereof to receive and take to his and their own use, until thereby such guardian of suen infant, or hu*band of such feme covert, their executors and administrators, shall be frilly satisfied and paid all and every such sura and sums of money as they shall respectively pay and disburse upon the account aforesaid, notwithstanding the death or deaths of such infants or femes covert shall happen before such sum or sums of money so expended shall or may be so raised and reimbursed.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the aforesaid twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, no infant or feme covert shall forfeit any copyhold messuages lands tenements or hereditaments, within that part of Great Britain called England and the dominion of Wales, for their neglect or refusal to come to any Court or Courts to be kept for any mauor or manors, whereof such messuages lands tenements or hereditaments are parcel, and to be admitted thereto, m»r for the omission denial or refusal of any such infant or feme covert, to pay any fine or fines imposed or set upon their or any of their admittances to any such copyhold messuageslands tenements*or hereditaments; any law usage or custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VI. Provided nevertheless, That if the said fine or fines, imposed in any of the cases before mentioned, shall not be warranted by the custom of the manor, or shall be unlawful, that' then such infant or feme covert shall be at liberty to controvert the legality of such fine or

Class L] Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates. 243

fines, in such manner as he or she might have done if this Act had No. XXVI. never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith- g q€Q j

8taB<fing- - qq

[No. XXVII.] 4 George II. c. 28.—An Act for the

more effectual preventing Frauds committed by Te- nants, and for the more easy Recovery of Rents, and RENEWAL of LEASES.

[See this Act, Landlord and Tenant, Part IV. d. 19. No. 99. Vol. 3. p. 793. It provides, that persons holding over land *, Sec. alter expiration of leases, shall pay double the yearly value.—That on half a year’s rent being in anrear, landlord may re-enter, serving a declaration in ejectment—^And also as to whose lessor in ejectment may recover judgment, &c.—It saves from its operation the right of mortgagees—And provides that lessees filing hill in equity, shall not have an injunction against proceedings at law, &c.—That" tenant paying all rent with costs, proceedings shall cease.—It provides a method of recovering rents sock, &c. —Ana enacts that chief leases may he renewed without surrendering all tlte under leases.—It does noV extend to Scotland]

[No. XXVIII.] 7 Geo. H. c. 20.—An Act for the more easy Redemption and Foreclosure of Mortgages.

4 UWHEREAS mortgagees frequently bring actions of ejectment for the recovery of lands and estates to them mortgaged, and bring actions on bonds given by mortgagors to pay the money secured by such mortgage *, and for performing the covenants therein contained, and likewise commence suits in his Majesty’s Courts of Equity to foreclose their mortgagors from redeeming their estates; and the Courts of Law, where such ejectments are brought, have not powe/to compel such mortgagees to accept the principal monies and interests due on Mich mortgages and costs, or to stay such mortgagees from proceeding to judgment and execution in such actions; but such mortgagors must have recourse to a Court of equity for that purpose; in which case likewise the Courts of equity do not give relief until the hearing of the cause:’ For remedy thereof, and to obviate all objections relating to the same; Bb it enacted by the King's most ExcellcntMajesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal awl Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of Eanter Term one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, where any action shall be brought on any bond for payment of the money secured by such mortgage, or performance of the covenants therein contained, or where any action of ejectment shall be brought in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Ure$tmin$(cr, or in the Court of Great Sessions in Wales, or in any of the superior Courts in the counties Pafa-tine of Chester J^meastar or Durham, by any mortgagee or mortgagees, his her or their heirs executors administrators or assigns, for the recovery of the possession of any mortgaged lands tenements or hereditaments, and no suit shall be then depending in any of his Majesty's Courts of

Sin that part of Great Britain called England, for or touching the >sing or redeeming of such mortgaged Kinds tenements or hereditaments; if the person or persons having right to redeem such mortgaged lands tenements or hereditaments, and who shall appear and become defendant or defendants in such action, shall at any time, pending inch action, pay unto such mortgagee or mortgagees, or m case of his her or their refusal, shall bring into Court where such action shall be depending all the principal monies and interest due on such, mortgage, and also all such costs as have been expended in any suit or suits at law or in equity upon such mortgage (such money for principal interest and costs to be ascertained and computed by the Court where such action i$(


7 Geo. II. e. 20. 4&5 W. & M. c. 16.

In actions concerning Mortgagee or Ejecfr> menu.

No Suit being then depending to foreclose such Mortgage,

the Mortgagor’s rendering the principal, interest, and costs in court shall be deemed ft Mil

244

No.

XXVIII.

7 Geo. II. c. 20.

and the Court may compel the Mortgagee to surrender the premises.

On Bills to foreclose,

the Court, on Defendant's request, may proceed to a decree before a tegular hearing, and all parties shall be bound thereby, as if the cause iiad been regularly heard.

This Act not to extend to cases where the right of redemption is controverted, or the money due not adjusted.

Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates. [Part II.

or shall be depending, or by the proper officer by such Court to be appointed for that purpose, )* the monies so paid to such mortgagee or mortgagees, or brought into such Court, shall be deemed and taken to be in full satisfaction and discharge of such mortgage, and the Court shall and may discharge every such mortgagor ’or defendant of aod from the same accordingly; and small and may, by rule or rules of the same Court, compel such mortgagee or mortgagees, at the costs and charges of such mortgagor or mortgagors, to assign surrender or reconvey such mortgaged lands tenements and hereditaments, and such estate and interest as such mortgagee or mortgagees have or hath therein, and deliver up all deeds evidences and writings in his her or their custody relating to the title of such mortgaged lands tenements and hereditaments, unto such mortgagor or mortgagors who shall have paid or brought such monies into the Court, his her or their heirs executors or administrators, or to such other person or persons as he she or they shall for that purpose nominate or appoint.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of Easter Term one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, where any bill or bills suit or suits shall be filed commenced or brought in any of his Majesty’s Courts of equity in that part of Great Britain called England, by any person or persons having or claiming any estate right or interest in any lands tenements or hereditaments, under or by virtue of any mortgage or mortgages thereof, to compel the defendant or defendants m such suit or suits (having or claiming a right to redeem the same) to pay the plaintiff or plaintiffs m such suit or suits, the principal money and interest due on any such mortgage, or the principal money and interest due on such mortgage together with any sum or sums of money due on any incumbrance or specialty, charged or chargeable on the equity of redemption thereof, and in default of payment thereof to foreclose such defendant or defendants of his her or their right or equity of redeeming such mortgaged lands tenements or hereditaments; such Court and Courts of equity where such suit or suits shall be depending, upon application made to such Court by the defendant or defendants m such suit, having a right to redeem such mortgaged lands tenements or hereditaments, and upon his or their admitting the right and title of the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such suit, may and snail at any time or times before such suit or cause shall be brought to hearing, make such order or decree therein, as such Court or Courts might or could have made therein, in case such suit or cause had then been regularly brought to hearing before such Court or Courts; and all parties to such suit or suits shall be bound by such order or decree so made, to all intents and purposes, as if such order or decree had been made by such Court at or subsequent to the hearing of such cause or suit; any usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That this Act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to any case where the person or persons against whom the redemption is or shall be prayed, snail (by writing under his her or their hands, or the band of his her or their attorney agent or solicitor, to be delivered before the money shall be brought into such court at law to the attorney or solicitor for the other side) insist, either that the party praying a redemption has not a right to redeem, or that the premises are chargeable with other or different principal sums than what appear on the face of the mortgage, or shall be admitted on the other side; nor to any case where the nght of redemption to the mortgaged lands and premises in question in any cause or suit shall be controverted or questioned by or between different defendants in the same cause or suit; nor shall he any prejudice to any subsequent mortgagee or mortgagees, or subseSuent incumbrancer; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary lereof in any wise notwithstanding. (1)

(1) This order can only be made upon ad- ter cannot examine evidence.—Ibenon v. Iberaoo, turnon of the sum claimed ai due, and the mas- 4 Vesey, 105. An order cannot be made under

iC

Class I.] Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates. 245

the act, where there is any thing in the suit beyond the mere foreclosure.^* SemMe, Bastard v. Clarke, 7 Vesey, 419. A defendant, in contempt for not answering, cannot apply under the Statute.—Hewitt v. M‘Cartney, 13 Vesey, 560. ' It was said in Perry v. Barker, 13 Vesey, 205, on the information of Lord Redeadale, that the course in Ireland is to decree a sale instead of a foreclosure, and if the sale produce more than the debt, the surplus goes to the mortgagor; If leas, the mortgagee has his remedy for the difference.

The advantage of that course seems very manifest, as it makes the pledge available for its real value, and preserves the rights of the creditor lor the difference. The claims of a mortgagee, upon a suit of foreclosure, are often very much embarrassed by the variety and complication of the interests involved in the right of redemption, snd with which he has no concern. It would much add to the advantage of this security, without

prejudicing any other interest, to authorise the Courts of equity, upon petition, to direct s sale after a definite period, upon giving such notices as to the Court might seem proper—and for the surplus, after satisfying the mortgagee, to be pud into Court subject to be disposed of upon the application of thoae concerned: the sale under the authority of the Court to be a complete title against all claims subsequent to the mortgage, and the purchaser to be no further concerned in the regularity of the proceedings than by having a confirmation of the sale.

By Statute 11 & 12 Geo. Ilf. c. 10, Ir. a power is given to Courts of Equity in Ireland, in case of the interest upon mortgages being in arrears for a year and a half, to appoint a receiver upon petition and affidavit—and by 7 Geo. II. c. 14, Ir. provisions are made for proceedings on bills of foreclosure, when defendants are out of the kingdom.—See 2 Gabbctt, 339.

[No. XXIX.] 39 & 40 George III. c. 98.—An Act to restrain all Trusts and Directions in Deeds or Wills whereby the Profits or Produce of Real or Personal Estate shall be accumulated, and the beneficial Enjoyment thereof postponed beyond the Time therein limited. — [28th July, 1800.]

4 TKWHEREAS it is expedient that all dispositions of real or personal

* T estates, whereby the profits and produce thereof are directed to be 1 c *

* accumulated and the beneficial enjoyment thereof is postponed, should No person by

* be made subject to the restrictions herein after contained v May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the &c. shall settle Kinrs most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the 01 ° *

lioras Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in Parliament assembled, |^aiC and by the authority of the same, That no person or persons shall after in wchmZ2er the passing of this Act, by any deed or deeds surrender or surrenders will lhe rent8 codicil or otherwise soever, settle or dispose of any ical or personal or produce shall property so and in such manner that the rents issues profits or produce be accumulated thereof shall be wholly or partially accumulated, for any longer term thau for a longer the life or lives of any such grantor or grantors, settler or settlers; or the term than the term of twenty-one years from the death of any such grantur settler de- life of the Set-vjsor or testator; or during the minority or respective minorities of any tier; or 21 person or persons who shall be living, or in ventre sa mire, at the time of y*«» hie the death of such grantor devisor or testator; or during ihc minority or deceese; or respective minorities only of any person or persons who under the uses or during the mi-trusts of the deed surrender will or other assurances directing such accu- *onty of any mutations would for the time being, if of full age, be entitled unto the c

rents issues and profits, or the interest dividends or annual produce, so the minorities directed to be accumulated:and in every case where any accumulation of persons be-shall be directed otherwise than as aforesaid, such direction shall be null n»£; aiiy en, and void, and the rents issues profits and produce of such property so di- titled, rected to be accumulated shall, so long as the same shall be directed to .

be accumulated contrary to the provisions of this Act, go to and be re- j1 *

ceived by such person or persons as would have been entitled thereto if e

such accumulation had not Wn directed. (I), nti, &c. g010 the penou entitled thereto

(1) This Act was occasioned by the will of Mr. Thelluson, the validity of which, directing an accumulation during the lives of his children, was established in the case of Thelluson v. Woodford, 4 Vesey, 227, and on appeal in Dom. Proc. 11 Vesey, 112, 1 B. A P. N. R. 357. A disposition for an accumulation for a longer P*~ riod than the act allows, is valid for the time allowed, and only void for the excess.—See Griffiths v. Vere, 9 Vesey, 127.—Longden r. Sim-•on, 12 Vesey*295.

Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates. [Part II.

II. Provided always and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act coo* tained shall extend to any provision for payment of debts of any grantor settler or devisor or other*person or persons, or to any provision for raising portions for any child or children ot any grantor settler or devisor, or any child or children of any person taking any interest under any such conveyance settlement or devise, or to any direction touching the produce of timber or wood upon any lauds or tenements; but that all such provisions anti directions shall and may be made and given as if this Act had aot passed.

payment of debts, or for raising portions for children, or touching the produce of timber; nor to any die- III. Provided also and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act can-position of be- tained fchall extend to any disposition respecting herctable properly within retable property that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

in Scotland. IV. Provided also and be it enacted, That the restrictions in this Act - . . contained shall take effect and be in force, with respect to wills and testaments made and executed before the passing of ihis Act, in such eases with respect to only w^iere the devisor or te«*tator shall be living and of sound and d»-Wtlls made be- p0b*n§ niind, after the expiration of twelve calendar months from the pass-fore the passing lnS this Act.

of this Act, only where the Testator shall live, &c. 12 months after passing this Act.

246

No. XXIX.

39 & 40 Geo. m. c. 98.

Nothing herein to extend to any provision for

[No. XXX.] 39 & 40 Geo. III. c. 56.—An Act for Relief of Persons entitled to Entailed Estates to be purchased with Trust Monies.—\20th June 1800.]

39 & 40 4 'II/'IlF.ItEAS by the practice of Courts of equity in cases in which mo Geo. III. c. 56. ney under the contFcul of such Courts is subject to be laid out in the purchase of lands, to be limited to uses capable of being barred by

* fine, the said Courts direct such money to be }>aid to the party or parties who could by fine bur the uses to which such lairds, in case the same had been purchased, would have been limited, and do not require or compel the actual investment of such monies in the purchase of lauds,

4 notwithstanding other persons might take estates or interests therein if the same tvere purchased, and be entitled to hold such estates or interests until such fine was actually levied:And whereas nevertheless, 4 where money under the controul of the said Courts is subject to be invested in the purchase of lands tg be limited to uses not capable of being barred by fine but capable of being barred by recovery, the said Courts, 4 according to the practice thereof, refuse to direct the same to be paid to the parly or parties who, in case sn. h lands had been purchased, could by recovery have barred all th uses to which the same would have been liu.ited, and require and compel the actual investment of such monies in a purchase or purchases ot some lands; and such last mentioned practice is attended with great inconvenience and expence to the party or parties who by a recovery could bar the uses to which such lands arc to be limited when purchased, and the interest and benefit of others who might take estates barrable by such recovery when sufiered, 4 is not according to such last mentioned practice materially promoted or

* secured, and it may therefore be expedient to alter such practice: And whereas it may also he expedient to provide some satisfactory and suru- mary proceeding, whereby trustees possessed of money subject to be laid out in lands may be rcauired in proper cases to pay such money to the parties entitled, and under this Act to become entitled, to receive

Where money the same:’ be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Maunder the controul of a court of Equity, &c. shall be subject to be invested in the purchase of freehold or copyhold premises, to be settled in such manner that it would be competent to the first tenant in tail to bar estates tail and remainders, it shall not be necessary to have such money so actually invested; but the Court, on petition of the first tenant in tail, nod the party having any antecedent estates, (being adults, or if femes covert, separately examined,) may order such money to be paid to them, or applied as they shall appoint.

Class I. Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Seal Estates.

jesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act in all cases where money under the controul of any Court of equity, or of or to which any individuals as trustees are possessed or entitled, shall be subject to be invested in the purchase of freehold or copyhold hereditaments or both, to be settled upon any person or |»ersons in such manner that it would be competent, in case such money had been invested in the purchase of real estates, for the person or persons who would be the tenant or tenants of the first estate or estates tail therein, either alone or together with the person or persons who would be the owner or owners of the particular preceding estate or estates therein, if any, by deed fine or ooimnon recovery or any of them, or other lawful act in the case of freehold hereditaments, or by surrender and recovery or either of them, or other lawful act in the case of copyhold hereditaments, to bar the first estate or estates tail, and the rights and interests of all persons in remainder, it shall not be necessary to have such money actually invested in lands or hereditaments in order that such estates tail and remainders over may be so barred; blit that it shall and may be lawful to and for the High Court of Chancery, or such Court of equity under the controul of winch such money shall be, and in the case of trustees to and for the said High Court of Chancery in a summary way, upon petition of the person or persons who would be tenant or tenants of the first estate or first estates tail, and of the person or persons who would be the owner or owners of the antecedent particular estate or estates, if any, in the lands and hereditaments in case the same were purchased, such petitioners being adults, and in case where any of the parties are or is femes covert or a feme covert, they she or they being first separately examined in court or upon a commission, and consenting to order the monies subjected to such trusts to be paid to the petitioners or any of them, or to be paid and applied in stion manner and for such purposes as the petitioners shall appoint and the court shall approve of. (1)

II. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where monies subjected to be laid out in the purchase of hereditaments to be settled as aforesaid, shall happen to be invested in government or real or oihcr securities, all such securities shall for the purposes of this Act be considered as money, and shall and may accordingly be transferred assigned and disposed of, under an order of the respective Courts aforesaid, made in a summary way, upon the petition of such persons and with such examination and consent, where necessary as aforesaid, in such and the same manner as monies subjected to be laid out in the purchase of hereditaments, to be settled as aforesaid, are herein before authorized to be paid applied and disposed of.

No. XXX.

30 & 40. Geo. III. c. 56.

Securities for such money may be transferred under an order of the Court of Chancery, &c.

(1) The order under this Act to be only made in vacation, to take effect in case the party shall be living on the second day of the ensuing term. —Lowton v, Lewton, 5 Vesey, 12—vi. ex parte Bennett, 6 Vesey, 116. Not to be made in term

unless there would be sufficient time to suffer a recovery—ex parte Frith, '8 Vesey, 609—-nor in any case without inquiry if the party has incumbered.-—Ex parte Hodges, 6 Vesey, 576.

[No. XXXI.] 58 Geo. III. c. 46.—An Act for Relief of

Persons entitled to Entailed Estates, to be purchased with Trust Monies in that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland. — [30(/t May 1818.]

WHEREAS by the practice of Courts of equity in that part of the 7 United Kingdom called Ireland, in cases in which money under the controul of such Courts is subject to be laid out in the purchase of lands to be limited to uses capable ot being barred by fine, the said Courts direct such money to be paid to the party or parties who could by fine bar the uses to which such lands, in case the same had been purchased, would have been limited* and do not require or compel the actual investment of such monies in the purchase dt lands, notwithstanding other persons

* V^iO

58 Geo. 1IL c. 46.

248

No. XXXI.

58 Geo. III. c. 46.

Trust monies m*y be invested in Estates in manner herein mentioned.

Government Securities to be considered as money, and may be transferred under an order of the respective Courts.

Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates. [Part II.

might take estates or interest therein if the same were purchased, and be entitled to hold such estates or interests until such fine was actually levied: And whereas nevertheless, where money under the controul of the said Courts is subject to be invested in the purchase of lands to be limited to uses not capable of being barred by fine, but capable of being barred by recovery, the said Courts, according to the practice thereof, refuse to direct the same to be paid to the party or parties who, in case such lands hail been purchased, could by recovery have barred all the uses to which the same would have been limited, and require and compel the actual investment of such monies in a purchase or purchases of some lands; and such last-mentioned practice is attended with great inconvenience and expence to the party or parties who by a recovery could bar the uses to which such lands are to be limited when purchased, and the interest and benefit of others who might take estates barrabie by such recovery when suffered, is not according to such last-mentioned practice materially promoted or secured, and it may therefore be expedient to alter such practice: And whereas it may also be expedient to provide home satisfactory and summary proceeding whereby trustees possessed of money subject to be laid out in lands may be required in proper cases to pay such money to the parties entitled, and under this Act to become entitled to receive the same: Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, in all cases where money under the controul of any Court of equity, or of or to which any individuals as trustees are possessed or entitled, in that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, shall be subject to be invested in the purchase of freehold or copyhold hereditaments, or both, to be settled upon any person or persons in such manner that it would be competent, in case such fnoney nad been invested in the purchase of real estates, for the person or persons who w'ould be the tenant or tenants of the first estate or estates tail therein, either alone or together with the person or persons who would be the owner or owners of the particular preceding estate or estates therein, if any, by deed fine or common recovery, or any of them, 6r other lawful act in the case of freehold hereditaments, or by surrender and recovery, or either of them, or other lawful act in the case of copyhold hereditaments, to bar the first estate or estates tail and the rights and interests of all persons in remainder, it shall not be necessary to have such money actually invested in lands or hereditaments in order that such estates tail and remainders over may be so barred; but that it shall and may be lawful to and for the High Court of Chancery, or such Court of equity under the controul of which such money shall be, in that part of the UiUlcd Kingdom called Ireland, and in the case of trustees, to and for the said High Court of Chancery, in a summary way, upon petition of the person or persons who would be tenant or tenants of the first estate or first estates tail, and of the person or persons who would he the owner or owners of the antecedent particular estate or estates (if any) in the lands and hereditaments, incase the same were purchased, such petitioners being adults, and in case where any of the parties are or is femes covert or a feme covert, they or she being first separately examined in court or upon a commission, and consenting, to order the monies subjected to such trusts to be paid to the petitioners, or any of them, or to he paid and applied in such manner and for such purposes as the petitioners shall appoint and the Court shall approve of.

II. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where money subjected to be laid out in the purchase of hereditaments to be settled as aforesaid, shall happen to he invested in government or real or other securities, all such securities shall for the purposes of this Act be considered as money, and shall and may accordingly be transferred assigned and disposed of under an order of the respective couits aforesaid, made in a summary way upon the petition of such persons, and with such examination and consent where necessary as aforesaid, in such and the same manner as monies subjected to be laid out in the purchase of hereditaments tn lie settled as aforesaid are hereinbefore authorized to be paid applied and disposed of.

Class I.] Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates* 249

[No. XXXII.] 1 & 2 Geo. IV. c. 93.—An Act for vest- No. XXXII.

ing all Estates and Property, occupied by or for the 1 & 2 Naval Service of this Kingdom, in the principal Officers IV.

and Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy, and for grant- c* ing certain Powers to the said principal Officers and Commissioners. — [10th July 1821.]

TMTIEItEAS divers manors messuages lands tenements and heredita- 1 a 2 Geo. IV.

ments have been at various times purchased for the use of the seve- 93. ral departments of or belonging to the naval service of this kingdom, and conveyed to several different persons in tmst for his Majesty and his royal predecessors, and his and their heirs and successors, and the same have been placed under the eharge of the said several departments respectively:And whereas it may be expedient that such parts of the said manors messuages lands tenements and hereditaments, as may not be wanted for the use of the said set vice, should f rom time to time be sold and disposed of: And whereas for effectuating such sales it is necessary that all and every the said manors messuages lands tenements and hereditaments, so already purchased or used and occupied by or for the said service, and all other messuages lands tenements and hereditaments that may be hereafter purchased or in any manner used and occupied by or for the said service, should be vested in the principal officers and commissioners of his Majesty’s navy for the time being; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That immediately from and pup. after the passing of this Act, all manors messuages lands tenements and ^ased or taken hereditaments, which have been heretofore purchased or taken by or in for purm She name of any person or persons, in trust for his Majesty or his royal prof of the predecessors and his or their heirs and successors, for the use of all or j^yy vested in any of the several departments of or belonging to the naval service of Commiutanen this kingdom, by whatever inode of conveyance the same shall have been of the Navy, so purchased or taken, either in fee or for any life or lives, or any term or terms of years, or any other or lesser interest, and all erections and buildings which now are or which shall or may be hereafter erected and built thereon, together with the rights members easements and appurtenances to the same respectively belonging (other than except such messuages lands tenements and hereditaments as may be of copyhold tenure, } shall be and become and remain and continue vested in the principal officers and commissioners of his Majesty’s navy for the time being, and their successors in the said office, according to the respective nature and quality of the said manors messuages lands tenements and hereditaments, ' and the several estates and interests of and in the same hereditaments respectively, in trust for his Majesty his heirs and successors, for the service of the said several departments of the said naval service, or for such other public service or services as his said Majesty his heirs or successors shall Irom time to time by any Order in Council be pleased to direct.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the purchase and Lands to be conveyance grant or demise thereof, all other manors messuages lands hereafter pur-tenements and hereditaments (other than and except as aforesaid,) which chaaed also shall at any time or times hereafter be purchased by the Lord High Ad- vested in Commiral, or the commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral i*on«n of of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, the Navy, or the principal officers and commissioners of his Majesty’s navy for the time being, or the commissioners for victualling his Majesty’s navy for the time being, or by any other person or persons by their respective order for the service of the said several departments of the said naval service, or any of them, and all erections and buildings which shall then Or which may thereafter be erected and built thereon, with the rights members easements and appurtenances to the same respectively belonging, shall in like manner be and become, and remain and continue, vested in the jtenOC cipal officers and commissioners of his Majesty’s navy for the time being,

Lands to continue so vested.

Commissioners of Navy may sell, exchange, &c. such premises.

250 Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates. [Part II.

No. XXXII. and their successors in the said office, according to the respective nature and quality of the said manors messuages lands tenements and hereditaments, and the several estates and interests of and ki the same respectively, in trust as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That upon the death resignation or removal of the present principal officers and commissioners ot his Majesty’s navy, or of any of them, or of any future such principal officers and commissioners, all such manors messuages lands tenements and hereditaments respectively (other than and except as aforesaid,) shall become vested in ana be held by the succeeding principal officers and commissioners of the navy, and so m perpetual succession, according to the respective nature and quality of the said manors messuages lands tenements and hereditaments, and the several estates and interests of and in the same respectively, in trust as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said principal officers and commissioners of "his Majesty’s navy for the time being, or any three or more of them, by and under the authority of tlte said iSrd High Admiral, or commissioners for executing the said office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, or any three or more of them, to sell exchange or in any manner dispose of, or to let or demise, as well any of the freehold and leasehold manors messuages lands tenements or hereditaments respectively, which shall be vested in them, under and by virtue of this present Act, with their respective appurtenances, as also any of the copyhold messuages lands tenements and hereditaments, which shall have been surrendered to and vested in any person or persons and his her or their heirs and assigns, in trust for his said Majesty or any of his predecessors, his or their heirs and successors, for the use of the said several departments of the said naval service, or any of them cither by public auction or private contract; and as to the said freehold and leasehold manors messuages lands tenements and hereditaments, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said principal officers and commissioners or any three or more of them, a; .d as to the said copyhold messuages lands tenements and hereditaments, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said person or persons in whom the same shaft be so vested as aforesaid, in due form of law to convey surrender assign or make over, or to grant or demise the same respectively as the case may require to any person or persons who shall he willing to purchase or take the same respectively; and also to do any other act matter or thing in relation to any such manors messuages lands tenements and hereditaments which shall by the said Lord High Admiral, or the commissioners for executing the office of Lord llii>h Admiral, or by the said principal officers and commissioners of his Majesty’s na\w, be deemed beneficial for the public service in relation thereto, or for the better management thereof, which might be done by any person or ersons having a like interest in any such like manors messuages lands tenements or hereditaments.

V. And be it further enacted, That the monies to arise and be produced by the sale or exchange of any of the said ipanors messuages lands tenements or hereditaments which shall be sold or exchanged under the provisions of this present Act, shall be paid by the respective purchaser or purchasers thereof, or the person or persons making such exchange, unto the treasurer of his Majesty’s navy for the time being, or to such other person or persons as the said principal officers and commissioners of his Majesty’s navy for the time being, or any three or more of them, shall direct or appoint to receive the same for the use of his Majesty his heirs and successors; and that the receipt of the said principal officers and commissioners, or of any three or more of them, or of the said treasurer for such monies (such receipt to be indorsed on every such conveyance surrender or assignment as aforesaid) shall effectually discharge the purchaser or purchasers, or person or persons by whom or oil whose account the same shall be so paid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That immediately from and after the

Purchase monies to be paid to Treasurer of the Navy.

Purchaser to be eeised of landa on payment of the

s

fe»

ic v.

‘"'r- 'C

; r~': V.

' i

-‘-•H

n-> *

Class I.] Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real . 251

payment of such purchase money, and the execution of every such con- No. XXXIL veyance surrender and assignment as aforesaid, the purchaser or purchasers therein named shall be deemed and adjudged to stand seised and possessed of the manors messuages lands tenements and hereditaments which shall be so purchased by and conveyed surrendered assigned or made over to him her or them respectively, freed and absolutely discharged of and from all and all manner of prior estates leases rights tides interests charges incumbrances and demands whatsoever, which can or may be had made or set up in to out of, or upon or in res|>ect of the same manors messuages lands tenements or hereditaments, by any person or persons whomsoever on any account whatsoever, (save and except such estates leases rights titles interests charges incumbrances claims and demands, as in any such conveyance surrender or assignment shall be excepted.)

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Persons having person or persons shall have any just and legal or equitable right to any of rights to lands the manors messuages lands tenements and hereditaments which shall be so sold, notto so sold and conveyed as aforesaid, or to any part or parts thereof, or to any be barred, charge incumbrance or demaud affecting the same, and (not being under

any of the disabilities hereinafter mentioned,) shall within five years next after every such right or claim shall by law or equity accrue to or become vested in him her or them respectively, or being femes covert (except femes covert whose estates have been or may be sold under the authority of this or any other Act of Parliament for that purpose,) persons within the age of twenty-one years, in prison, or out of this kingdom, or not of whole mind at the time of such sale and conveyance, as aforesaid, shall within five years next after they shall respectively come and be discovert, at their full age of twenty-one years, out of prison, within this land, or of whole mind, make out and establish such right or claim to the satisfaction of the principal officers and commissioners of his Majesty’s navy for the time being, tnen and in such case the said principal officers and commissioners shall make or cause to he made a fair and reasonable compensation or satisfaction for every such right and claim so made out ana established as aforesaid; but such compensation or satisfaction shall not in any case exceed the amount of the purchase money or purchase monies which shall have been paid to and received by the said principal officers and commissioners or tnc said treasurer, for the manors messuages lands tenements and hereditaments in respect whereof such right or claim shall be so made out as aforesaid, or a proportional part thereof, exclusive of the value of any buildings or improvements which shall have been erected or made thereon for the use of any of the departments of the said naval service.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That until any such Terms of year *

sale and conveyance of any of the said manors messuages lands tene- P01 to merge ments and hereditaments, or any part thereof, shall be made and executed fre<"

under the powers and authorities of this Act, ami as to all such the said hoW» &c# manors messuages lands tenements and hereditaments, and parts of the

said manors messuages lands tenements and hereditaments, whereof no such sale or conveyance shall be made and executed as aforesaid, no term Or terms of years of or in the same, or any part thereof, which shall or may have been, or which shall or may be assigned to any person or persons, his hers or their executors administrators or assigns, in trust to attend the inheritance of the same premises, and to protect the same from mesne incumbrances (if any) shall by reason of any thin" herein contained, merge or sink into the freehold and inheritance of the same premises; but that until such sale and conveyance as aforesaid, and as to all such the said manors messuages lands tenements and hereditaments, and parts of the said manors messuages lands tenements and hereditaments, w hereof no such sale and conveyance as aforesaid shall be made and executed as aforesaid, all and every such term and terms of years shall remain continue-and be vested in the person and persons, his her and their executors administrators and assigns, in whom the same now are or shall at any time hereafter he vested, in trust to attend the inheritance of the said premises respectively, and to protect the same from mesne

V

252

No. XXXIt 1 &2

Geo. IV. c. 93.

Commissioners of the Nsrjr may bring actions of ejectment.

JfaaMipg incapacitated persons to sell or exchange lands.

Application of purchase money amounting to or exceeding 200/,

Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates. ([Part II.

incumbrances (if any); any law custom or usage, or any clause matter or thing he rein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said principal officers and commissioners of his Majesty's Navy fur the time oeing, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring, prosecute and maintain any action or actions of ejectment, or other proceeding at law or in equity, for recovering possession of any manors, messuages lands tenements or hereditaments by this Act vested in them as aforesaid, and to restrain or sue for any arrears of rent which shall have become or shall become due for or in respect thereof, under any parol or other demise from the said principal officers and commissioners, or any three or more of them* or from any person or persons on their behalf, or on behalf of his Majesty, and also to bring prosecute and maintain, or to defend any other action or suit in respect of or in relation to the said manors messuages lands tenements or hereditaments, or of any trespass or encroachment coinmited thereon, or damage or injury done thereto; and that in every such action or suit the said principal officers and commissioners for the time being shall be called u The Principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, " without naming them or any of them; and that no such action or suit shall abate by the death resignation or removal of such principal officers and commissioners* or any of them; any law custom or usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all bodies politic or corporate, ecclesiastical or civil, and all feoffees or. trustees for charitable or other public purposes, and for all tenants for life and ten-nants in tail, and for the husbands guardians trustees committees curators or attornies of such of the owners or proprietors of, or persons interested in any manors messuages lands tenements or hereditaments which hare been or may be hereafter agreed to be taken or purchased for the use of the several departments of the said naval service, or any of them, as shall be femes covert infants lunatics idiots or persons beyond the seas, or otherwise incapable of acting for themselves, to contract or agree with the said principal officers and commissioners of his Majesty’s navy for the time being, either for the absolute sale or exchange of any such freehold or copyhold manors messuages lands tenements or hereditament *, or for the enfranchisement of any copyhold messuages lands or hereditaments, or sale of any reversion after any estate or estates for lives or years, or for the grant of any lease either tor life or lives, or for any term of years certain herein, or for such period as the exigency of the public service shall require, and to convey surrender demise or grant the same accordingly; and all contracts sales conveyances enfranchisements surrenders leases and agreements which shall be made in pursuance hereof, shall be valid and effectual in law to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and shall be a complete bar to all dower and claims of dower estates tail and other estates rights titles trusts and interests whatsover.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in every such case of purchase of any lands or hereditaments, or of any reversion as aforesaid, or the enfranchisement of any copyhold, or purchase of any other interest belonging to any such body politic corporate or collegiate feme covert infant lunatic, or other person or persons under any disability or incapacity, or not having the absolute interest therein, the purchase-money, if the same shall amount to or exceed the sum of two hundred pounds, shall be paid to one of the cashiers of the Bank of England, the Bank of Scot- ~ land, or the Dank of Ireland, with the privity and -to the account of the accountant-general or the King’s remembrancer, or other proper officer for the time being, of his Majesty's Courts of Exchequer at Westminster Edinburgh or Dublin, as the case may require, to the credit and for the use and benefit of the owners and proprietors of and persons interested in such lands and hereditaments; and such cashier is hereby authorized and required to receive or accept, and to give a receipt pi^ discharge for the same, mentioning and specifying the amount and for whose use the

If las than 2001.

Class I.] Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates.

same is received, and upon the production of such receipt or discharge, the accountant-general. King’s remembrancer, or other proper officer of the said Courts of Exchequer respectively for the time being, is hereby authorized and required to sign a certificate to the barons or judges of the said Courts of Exchequer respectively, under his hand, purporting and signifying that such money or other consideration was paid into the bank of England, the Bank of Gotland, or Bank of Ireland (as the case may be, )in pursuance of this Act to the credit and for the use and benefit of such owners or proprietors or other persons interested, as shall be named in such certificate, and the said certificate shall be filed or deposited in the said Court of Exchequer at Westminster Edinburgh or Dublin respectively; and anbffice-copy thereof, signed by the proper officer of the said courts for the'time being, shall and may be read ana allowed as evidence for the purposes herein-after mentioned; and immediately upon the filing or depositing of such certificate, the said lands or hereditaments snail be and become vested in the said principal officers and commissioners of His Majesty’s navy for the time oeing, for the public service, in trust for His Majesty his heirs and successors.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case such purchase-money as is lastly herein-before mentioned shall be less than the sum of two hundred pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the sum of twenty-pounds, then in all such cases the same shall, at the option of the person or persons for the time being entitled to the rents and profits of the lands and hereditaments so purchased, or of his her or their guardian or guardians, committee or committees, in case of infancy or lunacy, to be signified in writing under their respective hands, be paid into the hands of one of the cashiers of the Bank of England, the Bank of Scotland, or the Bank of Ireland, with the privity ana to the account of the said accountant-general King’s remembrancer or other proper officer or officers of the said Courts of Exchequer at Westminster Edinburgh or Dublin for the time being as aforesaid, in order to be applied in the manner hereinbefore directed with respect to sums exceeding two hundred pounds; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like option to two trustees, to be nominated by the person or persons making such option, and approved of by the said principal officers and commissioners ot His Majesty’s navy, or any three or more of them (such nomination and approbation to be signified in writing under the hands of the nominating and approving parties,) in order that such principal money may be invested in the purchase of stock in the public funds, and that such stock when purchased, and the dividends arising.therefrom, may be applied in the manner herein-before directed, so far as the case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the order direction or approbation of either of the said Courts of Exchequer.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the barons or judges of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at Westminster Edinburgh or Dublin for the time being, or any one or more of them, shall and may, and they or he are or is hereby authorized and empowered, in a summary way, upon motion or petition for and on behalf of any body or bodies politic corporate or collegiate, or any person or persons interested in or entitled to the benefit of any money that shall or may be paid into the Bank of England, the Bank of Scotland, or the Bank of Ireland, under the provisions of this Act, or the interest or produce thereof, and upon reading an office-copy of the certificate, directed to be signed by the said accountant-general King’s remembrancer or other proper officer of the said courts respectively for the time being, concerning the same as aforesaid, and receiving such further satisfaction as they or he think necessary, to make and pronounce such orders and directions for paying the said money, or any part of the same, or for placing out such part thereof as shall be principal in the public funds, or upon government or ical securities, and for payment of the dividends or interest thereof, or any part thereof, to the respective body or bodies politic or corporate or collegiate, or person or persons entitled to receive the same, or for laying out the ot^q(cipai or any part thereof in the purchase of other lands or heredity

VOL. I, *R

Barons ofEx-chequer may direct Payment of Purchase money.

254 Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates. [Part II.

NoXXXIH. meats, to be conveyed and settled to for and upon the same uses, trusts, 3 Geo IV tatents, or purposes, as the said lands or hereditaments so taken or, purchased stood settled at the time of the payment of such money as aforesaid, or as near as the same can be done, or otherwise, for the disposition of the said money, or any part thereof, and the interest or produce of the same, or any part thereof, for the benefit of the body or bodies politic corporate or coUegi&te, or the person and persons entitled to and interested in the same respectively; or for appointing any person or persons to be a trustee or trustess for all or any of such purposes as the said res|»ective Courts shall think just and reasonable; and also for raising and paying the costs of any such motion or petition, and the proceedings to be had thereupon, nr any part of such costs, out of the principal money paid into the Bank of England, the Bank of Scotland, or the Bank of Ireland, under the provisions of this Act. or only of the interest or proceeds thereof, in such manner and proportion as the said Court in its discretion shall think fit under the circumstances of the case.

If Purchase- XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case such money ltss than purchase-money shall‘be less than twenty pounds, then and in all 201. te ha paid such cases the same shall be applied to the use of the person or persons to Propriftsn. who would for the time being have been entitled to the rents ana profits of the lands and hereditaments so purchased, in such manner as the said principal officers and commissioners of his Majesty’s navy or any three or more of them shall think fit; or in case of infancy or lunacy then to his her or their guardian or guardians, committee or committees, for the use and benefit of such person or persons so entitled respectively.

On death of aV. And be it further enacted, That upon the death or removal of any Accountant' such accountant-general Xing’s remembrancer or other proper officer General, Ac. c. of the said Courts at Westminster Edinburgh and Dublin respectively for Stock vetted in the time being, all stocks and securities vested in him by virtue of this the Successor. Act shall vest in the succeeding accountant-general King’s remembrancer or oilier proper officer of the said courts respectively, for the purpose herein-before mentioned, without any assignment nr transfer; and all monies paid into the said banks respectively, in pursuance of this Act and remaining there at the tim«; of the death or removal of any accountant-general King's remembrancer or other proper officer of the said court respectively for the time being, shall vest in the succeeding accountant-general King’s remembrancer or other proper officer of the said courts respectively for the time being.

How Deeds executed in Great Brit jin shall ha registered in Ireland.

[No. XXXI1L] 3 Geo. IV. c. 116.—An Act for the more convenient and effectual registering In Ireland Deeds executed in Great Britain. — [5th August 1822, ]

DOR facilitating the registry of deeds conveyances and wills executed in Great Britain, which it may be necessary to register in Ireland, and fur the more effectual registry thereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all deeds conveyances or wills required to be registered in Ireland in and by an Act passed by the Parliament of Ireland in the sixth year of the rr&gn of Iirr Majesty Queen Anne, inuitiltd An Act for the public registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills that shall be wade of' any Humors, . Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any other Act now in force, the memorial whereof shall be proved in England, shall be registered in the manner following; that is to say, the memorial of the deed conveyance or will so to be registered in Ireland, being prepared, signed, sealed, and attested, by such person and persons, and in such manner and form as by the Act so made in the sixth year of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne h8th or have been in that behalf prescribed and directed, one of the witne*ses to said memorial, being also a witness to the deed ihstnhnent <nn writing

Class I.] Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates, 254 a

therein mentioned, shall prove the execution of said memorial upon N0.XXXIII

oath, to be made before one of the Extraordinary Commissioners ap- qm jy

pointed by the Court of Chancery in Ireland for taking affidavits in 1*16 *

Great Britain, and who are respectively hereby empowered and required _ *

to administer such oath, and shall at the same time produce unto the

said Extraordinary Commissioner the deed instrument or writing in the

said memorial mentioned, together with a true copy of said memorial,

such copy to be at the same time verified in like manner upon oath, to

be made by such witness before said Extraordinary Commissioner, who

is hereby empowered and required to administer the same, which copy

and oath respectively are not to be charged or chargeable with any stamp

duty; and which oaths shall respectively be in the words and form

following:

OATH of the EXECUTION of the MEMORIAL, and to be subscribed or annexed to said Memorial.

4 TMiE above-named A. B. of in Oath of the

4 maketh oath, that he is a subscribing witness to the deed of which Execution of

* the above [within or annexed] writing b a memorial, and saw the the Memorial

same duly executed by, and that he this de1 ponent is also a subscribing witness to the above [within or annexed!

4 memorial, and saw the same duly executed by the above-named

*; and saith the name A. B., subscribed as a wit4 ness to the execution of the said deed and memorial respectively, is the proper name, and of the handwriting of this deponent; and this deponent saith, that at or immediately before the time of his deposing hereto, he this deponent delivered the said deed and memorial, together 1 with a true copy of the said memorial, to ,

* one of the Extraordinary Commissioners of the Court of Chancery in

* Ireland for taking affidavits in Great Britain, in the office of the said

* in upon this day

the d^y of

4 one thousand eight hundred and

4 A. B.

4 Sworn before me in my office in thb *

4 day of one thousand

4 eight hundred and

4 C. D, One of the Extraordinary Commissioners of the

* Court of Chancery of Ireland for taking affidavits in

* Great BrjfaiA.

OATH to be made by the Witness to verify the Copy of the Memorial, and to be subscribed or annexed Jo the said Copy.

* T A. B. of in make oath. Oath of the

4 K that the foregoing [or the within or annexed] writing b a true Verification

4 copy of a certain memorial which was duly executed by of a Copy.

4 to which memorial this deponent is a subscribing witness, and which said memorial this deponent at the time of his deposing hereto delivered, together with the deed instrument or writing wnereoT 4 the same is a memorial, to one or the Ex4 traurdinary Commissioners of the Court of Chancery in Ireland for taking affidavits in Great Britain, in the office of the said in and this deponent at the same time,

4 and therewith, delivered to the said the *

4 foregoing [or within or annexed] copy of the said memorial.

4 Sworn before me in my office in this

4 day ot one thousand

4 eight hundred and

4 C. D. One of the Extraordinary Commissioners of the Court of Chancery in Ireland for taking affidavits Jp

* Gnat Britain. '

254 b Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Heat Estates. [Part II.

N0.XXXIII. II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon the 3 Geo. IV. ""d deed instrument or writing, together with the memorial and copy 1*13 thereof, being as herein-be fore required produced to the said Ex-’ ' traordinary Commissioner, and proof being made thereof as before

mentioned, such Extraordinary Commissioner shall immediately mark said deed instrument or writing with the initials of his name and day noral ft Coot month and year when so produced to him? and thereupon return the iha ExtnonU- 8ame to party, and by certificate to be signed by him, and endorsed

aary Commitor wr*tten upon the said memorial and copy respectively, certify the same donor to cor- in the form or to the effect following; that is to say,

tify the

FORM of Certificate to be endorsed upon the original Memorial.

form of Car- T DO hereby certify, That the deed, of which the within writing is a

t*0Btt* 4 x memorial, was delivered to me in my office in

4 by a subscribing witness thereto, upon this day day

the day of one thousand eight hundred

4 and; and that the execution of the said deed and

4 memorial was then proved by the said, as required by

the statute in that case made and provided; and I do hereby further certify, that the said at the same time, and therewith,

4 delivered to me a copy of the within memorial, which he then verified upon oath, as by said statute is required; and that I have endorsed a 4 certificate upon said copy, corresponding in purport herewith.

4 C. D. One of the Extraordinary Commissioners of the Court of Chancery in Ireland for taking affidavits in Great Britain/

Form of Certificate to be endorsed on

* »»• cowform of Certificate to be endorsed upon the Copy of the Memorial.

4 T DO hereby certify, That the deed, of the ‘memorial of which deed 4 A the within writing is a copy, was delivered to me in my office in in by a subscribing witness thereto,

4 upon day the day of one iheusand

4 eight hundred and; and that the execution of said deed

4 and memorial was then proved by the said

4 as required by the statute in that case made and provided; and I do hereby further certify, that the said at the same time,

4 and therewith, delivered to me the within copy of the said memorial, 4 which he then verified upon oath, as by said statute is required; and I 4 have certified the same upon the said memorial.

4 C. D. One of the Extraordinary Commissioners of the Court of Chancery in Ireland for taking affidavits in Great Britain. ’

Memorial and III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Copy with Cer- said Extraordinary Commissioner shall thereupon deliver the said me-tificate, to be morial and copy, with said respective certificates, to the person or transmitted to persons concerned, to be by such person or persons transmitted to the the Registrar of Registrar of deeds in Ireland; and that the Registrar of deeds in Ireland Deeds in Ire- shall, upon receiving the same, register the said memorial, and enter the

Und, who MU same in the alphabetical calendars kept by him, in the manner in which

enter the Mme, all other memorials are registered and entered by him, without the deed "j *he or instrument in such memorial mentioned being produced unto the said

h 11 kTlfiCate Registrar or Deputy Registrar, or the stamps therein examined by him;

J* re‘ any thing whatsoever in an Act passed in the fifty-sixih year of the reign Tonfin X *ate Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal the

Comniniomr several Stamp Duties in Ireland, and algo general Acts for the Collection and

in Great Management of the gaid Duties, and to grant new Stamp Duties in Iku

Britain. thereof \and to make more effectual Regulations for collecting and managing

56 G. 3. c. 56. said Duties, in anywise to the contrary thereof notwithstanding^ and the void Registrar or Deputy Registrar shall certify the registry thereof

Class I.] Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates•

in writing upon the copy of said memorial in thd form or to the effect herein-after mentioned; and thereupon deliver the said copy and such certificate thereon, signed by him, to the party or parties concerned, to be by him her or them returned to the Extraordinary Commissioner in Great Britain before whom the said memorial had been proved; and said Extraordinary Commissioner shall, upon receipt thereof, endorse upon the deed or instrument, the memorial of which deed or instrument has been so registered, a certificate under his hand of the registry thereof, in the form or to the effect herein-after mentioned, and shall, upon payment of his fees, return said deed instrument or writing to the person or persons concerned, together with the certified copy ot said memorial, first endorsing upon said copy a memorandum or note of his having endorsed upon said deed a certificate corresponding with the Irish Register’s said certificate of the registry thereof; for which several duties the Extraordinary Commissioners aforesaid are hereby respectively authorized to demand and receive the fees following; that is to say,

For administering the oath to the witness of the £ s. d.

execution of the deed and memorial - 0 2 6

For administering the oath to the witness upon his verifying the copy of the memorial - - 0 2 G

For the certificate upon the memorial - 0 6

For the certificate upon the verified copy thereof - 0 3 6

For the certificate upon the deed of the registry thereof in Ireland - - -036

254 c

No. XXXIII, 3 Geo. IV. c. 116.

0 15 6

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the certificate to be given by the Registrar of Deeds in Ireland, upon the jpy of the memorial so to be registered, shall be in the form or to the feet following:

* A MEMORIAL of the within-mentioned deed was entered in the Form of Cer•4 Register’s Office in the City of Dublin, in that part of the United tifctte to be Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, upon by the

4 day the day of in the year of our Lord *8*?*00.

* at or the Cow*•

4 near the hour of o’clock in the noon, in book Memorial.

4 page and number; and the execution ot said .

4 deed and memorial was duly proved in that part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, before one of the Extraordinary Commissioners of the Court of Chancery of Ireland for taking affidavits in Great Britain, as appears by said me- roorial and the certificate of said thereon.

4 — - Register.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the certificate to be. given by the Extraordinary Commissioner as before mentioned, upon the deed instrument or writing, the execution whereof shall have been so proved before said Extraordinary Commissioner in manner aforesaid, whereof a memorial also proved before said Extraordinary Commissioner shall have been so registered in Ireland, shall be in the form or to the effect following:

4 A MEMORIAL of the within deed was entered in the Register’s Form of Car-4 Office in the City of Dublin ’upon day the day tificate to be

• of in the year of our Lord given by the

4 at or near the hour of o’clock in the noon, in Extraordinary

4 book, page, and number; Commiiaionar.

the execution of said (iced and memorial having been first duly proved before me, pursuant to the statute in that case made and provided, and such registry appearing by ^he certificate of the register in Ireland upon the copy of saul pienioml, and by my attestation thereof upon

254 d No-XXXIV. 7 Geo. IV. c. 45.

On Production of any Deed, Registrar in Ireland shall register Memorial and cn-done Certificate of Registry. Deeds reI according to the Regulations herein prescribed, deemed effectual.

Penalty on forging Memorials and Certificates,

and liar

swearing

fWaely.

Public Act.

Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates« [Part II.

1 Register's certificate. Dated this day of ooe

* thousand eight hundred and

• C. D. One of the Extraordinary Commissioners of the

* Court of Chancery in Ireland for taking affidavits in

* Great Britain *

And the said certificate, so signed by such Extraordinary Commissioner, shall be taken and allowed as evidence of the registry of the memorial therein mentioned in all Courts of Record whatsoever in Gnaf Britain and Ireland respectively: Provided always, that the Registrar or Deputy Registrar of Deeds in Ireland shall, upon the production of any deed instrument or writing, a memorial whereof shall have been proved upon oath before one of the Extraordinary Commissioners aforesaid, register such memorial, and shall endorse a certificate of the registry thereof upon the said produced deed or instrument in the usual manner; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every deed conveyance or other instrument in writing, a memorial whereof shall be duly registered according to the regulations in this Act prescribed, shall be deemed and taken as good and effectual in law and equity, according to the-priority of time of registering such memorial ot for and concerning the honors, manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in such deed conveyance or other instrument in writing mentioned or contained, according to the right title and interest of the person or persons so conveying such honors, manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, against all and every other deed conveyance or disposition of the honors, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any part thereof, comprised or contained in any such memorial as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time forge or counterfeit any such memorial or certificate as are herein-before mentioned, and be thereof lawfully convicted, such person or persons shall incur and be liable to such pains and penalties as in and by an Act of Parliament made In Ireland in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act a gamut J’orging Evidence, are imposed upon such tike, offenders as therein mentioned; and if any person or jiersons shall at any time wilfully sv.ear falsely before any such Extraordinary Commissioner in any of the cases aforesaid, and be thereof lawfully convicted, such person or jiersons shall incur and be liable to the same pains and penalties as if such oath had been made in any of the Courts of Record m Great Britain or Ireland.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this present Act shall be taken and allowed, in all courts within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, as. a public Act; and all judges justices and other persons therein concerned, are hereby required as such to take notice thereoF, without specially pleading the same.

[No. XXXIV.] 7 Geo. IV. c. 45.- An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth years of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Thin!, intituled An Act for Relief of Persons entitled to Entailed Estates to be purchased with Trust Monte#, and for making further Provisions in lieu thereof. — [26th May 1826.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years uf the reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled 39 & 40 G. 3. tin Act far Relief of Persons entitled to Enlailtd Estates to be purchased c. 56. *>ith Trust Monies; and such Act has been of great public benefit, but

it has been found that the provisions thereof do not apply to all cases to

Class I.] MiscellaneousStatutes concerning Real Estates.

which relief to such persons may reasonably be extended, and it is therefore expedient that the said Act should be repealed, except as herein-after mentioned, and that other provisions should be made in lieu of those therein contained; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said Act shall be and the same is hereby repealed, except as to such proceedings under the said Act as shall have been commenced before the passing of this Act, and which may be continued under the authority and according to the provisions of the said Act or of this Act, as shall bc*most expedient.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing; of this Act, in all cases where money under the controul of any Court of Equity, or of or to which any individuals as trustees are possessed or entitled, shall be subject to be invested in the purchase of freehold or oopyhold hereditaments, or both, to be settled upon any person or persons in such manner that it would be competent, in case such money had been invested in the purchase of real estates, for the person or persons who would be the tenant or tenants of any estate or estates tail therein, either alone or together with the person or persons who would be the owner or owners of any particular preceding estate^or estates therein, by deed fine or common recovery, or any of them, or other lawful Act, in the case of freehold hereditaments, or by surrender and recovery, or either of them, or other lawful Act, in the case of copyhold hereditaments, to bar such estate or estates tail, and the rights and interests of all persons in remainder after such estate or estates tail, it shall not be necessary to have such money actually invested in lands or hereditaments, in order that such estates tail and remainders over may be so barred; but that it shall be lawful for the High Court of Chancery, or such Court of Equity under the controu! of which such money shall be, and in the case of trustees . for the said High Court of Chancery, or the Court of Exchequer, in a summary way, upon petition of the person or persons who would be tenant or tenants of such estate or estates tail, and of the person or persons, if any, whose concurrence would be necessary and sufficient in order to enable the Person or persons who would be tenant or tenants of such estate or estates tail to bar the same, and the rights and interests of all persons in remainder after such estate or estates tail, such petitioners being adults, and where any of the parties are or is femes covert or a feme covert, they or she being first separately examined in court, or upon a commission, and consenting (except only in cases where the fund in which she or they shall be interested shall be less than two hundred pounds, in which case such consent shall not be required) to make such orders and declarations as are herein-after mentioned; that is to say, in case such petition shall be presented by the person or persons who would at the time of presenting the same be tenant or tenants in tail in possession of the hereditaments to be purchased free from incumbrances, or shall be presented by the person or persons who would at the time of presenting such petition be tenant or tenants of the first estate or first estates tau, together wiih or with the consent of the person or persons, if any, who would be owner or owners of the antecedent particular estate or estates, or who would be entitled to auy charge or incumbrance antecedent to the estate or estates of such tenant or tenants in tail, as the case may be, to order the money subject to such trusts to be paid to the petitioner or |>elitioDers, or any of them, or to be .paid and applied in such manner and for such purposes as the petitioners shall appoint and the court shall approve of; and in case such petition shall be presented by the person or persons who would at the time of presenting the same he tenant or tenants in tail in possession of the hereditaments to be purchased, but such petition shall be presented without the concurrence of all the persons (if any) who would be entitled to any charge or incumbrance affecting the hereditaments to be purchased antecedently to the estate of such tenant or tenants in tail, or shall be presented bytihe person or persons who would at the time of presenting such petition be

254 e NoXXXIV. 7 Geo. IV. e. 45.

Recited Act repealed, except as herein mentioned.

For granting Relief where Money, under the Controul of a Court of Equity, shall be subject to be invested in the Purchase of Freehold or Copyhold Premises under certsin Settlements.

254/

NO.XXXIV.

7 Geo. IV. Ce 45.

Securities for such Money nay be transferred under an order of Court.

Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Seal Estates. [Part II.

tenant or tenants of some estate or estates tail in the hereditaments so to be purchased, together with or with the consent of the person or persons (if any) whose concurrence would be necessary and sufficient, in order to enable the person or persons who would be tenant or tenants of such estate or estates tail, in case the said hereditaments were purchased, to bar the said estate or estates tail, and the rights and interests of all persons in remainder after such estate or estates tail, but without the concurrence of all the persons who would be entitled to particular estates in, or to charges or incumbrances upon, the said hereditaments, antecedently to such estate or estates tail, to declare that such estate or estates tail, and all remainders and reversions expectant thereon, is and are absolutely barred, and to order that the hereditaments to be purchased with the money subjected to the said trusts shall, when purchased, be settled (subject to the uses, trusts, estates, and interests antecedent to such estate or estates tail) to the use of the person or persons who would have been entitled to such estate or estates tail, his her and their heirs and assigns; and every such declaration and order shall be binding and conclusive, not only the person or persons who would have been entitled to such estate or estates tail, but also upon all persons who could have claimed through or under such person or persons by force only of such entail, or in remainder or reversion after such estate or estates tail.

III. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where monies subjected to be laid out in the purchase of hereditaments, to be settled as aforesaid, shall happen to be invested in government or real or other securities, all such securities shall for the purposes of this Act be considered as money, and shall and may accordingly be transferred assigned and disposed of under an order of the respective courts aforesaid, made in a summary way upon the petition of such persons, and with such examination and conseut where necessary as aforesaid, in such and the same manner as monies subjected to be laid out in the purchase of hereditaments, to be settled as aforesaid, are herein-before authorized to be paid applied and disposed of; and all declarations and orders to be made as to any such securities shall be of equal force and validity with the declarations and orders herein-before authorized to be made, as to money subjected to be laid out in the purchase of hereditaments, to be settled as aforesaid.

PART II.

CLASS II;

255

Class II.]

Tithes.

[In the Note prefixed to the Statutes respecting the Clergy, it was mentioned, that the Statutes relating to Tithes xyoukl form a Class under Part IV. with the exception of those relating to the power of rocoveuog Tithes before Justices of Peace, which were intended to be placed in Part VI.—but upon further consideration, it has been thought more convenient to introduce the subject at this place. For the Notes upon the subject of Tithes, 1 am chiefly indebted to the assistance of the neat and compendious Treatise of Mr. Toiler.]

[No. I.] 9 Edward II. Stat. 1; c. 5, —No Prohibition

where Tithe is demanded of a new Mill.

4 an7 eroct *n Vs ground a mill of new, " and after the par- 9 Edward IL

4 son of the same place demandeth tithe for the same, the King's 1»««5.

M prohibition doth issue in this form: Quia de taii molcndino hactenus 2 Inst. 621.

4< decimal non fuerunt solutae, prohibetnus, &c. & sententiam excotnmu- 1 &olL 405 *

nicationis, si quanv hac occaskine promplgavcritis, revocetis omnino. 2 Roll. 84.

" The Answer." In such case the King’s prohibition was never granted by the King's assent, nor never shall, which hath decreed that it shall not hereafter lie in such cates. '

BSaSBBBaSSBSSEaBSSSSSSS

[No. Ia.] 45 Edward HI. c. 3.—»A Prohibition shall be granted where a Suit shall be commenced in a Spiritual Court for Sylva ceedua.

t€ ITEM, at the complaint of the said Great Men and Commons, shew- 45 M* UL 44 ing by their petition, That whereas they sell their great wood of the c* *• a age ot twenty years, or of forty years, or of greater age, to merchants 11 Co. 49.

to their own profit, or in aid of the King in his wars, Parsons awl Vicars 50 Ed. 3, f. 10. 44 of holy Church do implead and draw the said merchants in the Spiritual H. 6, _56.

Court lor the tithes of the said wood, in the name of this werd called £ 1 i ay *

Sylvtt cstdua, whereby they cannot fell their woods to the very value, to ?, * 77# 44 the great damage of them and of the realm;" 4 it is ordained and esta- 2 jnat 648;

4 blished. That a prohibition in this case shall be granted, and upon the Cro> jjc> Jqq same an attachment, as it hath been used before this time.* (1) 133. ' ’

Regiitr 44. Fitx.N.B. 54. b. Ra&t. 489.

(1) The most important exposition of the tected by the statute, being of the above growth, above statute is contained in the judgment of Lord and the age and dustom concurring, no inquiry is Hardwicke, in the case of Walker v. Tyrcr, Gwill, allowed to the quality of the particular trees,

818. Tithes of wood are due of common right, Aubrey v. Fisher, 10 East/ 446; and with rein cases not protected by the statute. By the sped to trees which are clearly- of a species to be statute, oak ash and elm, which are regarded as denominated timber, the court have declared they timber by the common law, are exempt from would presume the trees to be above twenty tithes if of twenty years’ growth, without re- years’ growth, unless the plaintiff demanding

gard to the use to which they may be applied; tithes prove the contrary.—2 P. Wms. 606, other trees, which are not timber generally, may Gwill. 357.—Wright v. Powel, Hob. 219, Gwill. be so by the customs of particular counties, at 358, note.—GafTy v. Pindar, 2 Rol. Rep. 88.

batch in' Buckinghamshire; and when this c«sWhen the trees are exempt no tithe is payable tom prevails, such trees are in like manner pro- for the bark tops or lope, except in particular case *

256 Tithes. [Part IT.

open to frauds, as when loppings of timber standing in a copse wood are intermixed with the fall of the copse wood.—Walton v. Tyrer. ub. sup. In Daws v. Moilins, 2 Lees, 79, it had been laid down, that if woods, consisting chiefly of timber trees with underwood intermixed, are cut down and made into faggots promiscuously, it not being worth while to separate them, the timber shall privilege the whole j but if the woods are mostly underwood, with here and there an oak, and all are cut and made into faggots indiscriminately, the whole shall pay. limber-trees haring attained the requisite growth are exempted, although being unfit for timber and only fit for fuel; and though after attaining such growth they may be looped every seven years.—See Withington w. Harris, GwilL 584.—See also Gwill. 836, and

authorities cited. Toller, 102. But if a tree it lopped before it is of twenty years' growth, and afterwards periodically, the loppings are tithexble. —Broke w. Rogers, Mo. 908, Gwill. 833. If it ceases to be lopped for twenty years successively, it is said to become timberand to be privileged—

1 R. A. 640—Digge, p. 11, c. 4—but see Gwill. 165. Tithe is payable for the germs or branche growing out of the root of felled timber trees of* what age aover.—Per Lord Hardwicks in Walton v. Tyer, contradicting the opposite position, in

2 Inst. 643.—And in the case of Ford v. Racster, 4 M. & . 130, it was held that such germs or branches are not privileged, notwithstanding the cutting may only take place after a period of twenty years.

27 Hen, VHL c.20.

This statute is confirmed and enlarged by 2 & 3 Edw. 6. c. 13.

18 Edw. 3. st. 3, c. 7.

45 Edw. 3. c.3. 5 Hen. 4, c. 11.

Tithes shall be paid according to tha custom of the parish where they be due.

The offender in subtracting of tithes shall be convented before the Or-inary.

The offender shall be bound by two Justices of Peace, &c. to obey the Ordinary* s«nSae Bur. 2095.

[No. II.] 27 Henry VIII. c. 20.—For Tithes to be paid throughout this Realm.

FORASMUCH as divers numbers of evil-disposed persons inhabited x in sundry counties cities towns and places of this realm, having no respect to their duties to Almighty God, but against right and good conscience have attempted to subtract and withhold, in some places the whole, and in some places great parts of their tithes and oblations, as well personal as predial, due unto God and Holy Church; and, pursuing such their detestable enormities and injuries, have attempted in late time past to disobey contemn and despise the process laws and decrees of the ecclesiastical courts of this realm, in more temerous and large

* manner than before this time hath been seen:* For reformation of which said injuries, and for unity and peace to be preserved amongst the King’s subjects of this realm, our Sovereign Lord the King being supreme head on earth (under God) of the Church of England, willing the spiritual rights and duties of that Church to be preserved continued ana mam-tamed, hath ordained and enacted by authority of this present Parliament, That every of his subjects of this realm of England Ireland Wales and Calais, ana marches of the same, according to the ecclesiastical laws and ordinances of his Church of England, and after the laudable usages and customs of the parish or other place where he dwelleth or occupied), shall yield and pay his tithes offerings and other duties of holy Church; and that for such subtractions of any of the said tithes offerings or other duties, the Parson Vicar Curate or other party in that behalf grieved, may, by due process of the King’s ecclesiastical laws of the Church of England, convent the person or persons so offending before his Ordinary or other competent judge of this realm, having authority to hear and determine the right of tithes, as also to compel the same person or persons offending to do and yield their said duties in that behalf. And in case the Ordinary of the diocese or his Commissary, or the Archdeacon or his Official, or any other competent judge aforesaid, for any contempt contumacy disobedience or other misdemeanor of the party*defendant, make information and request to any of the King’s most honourable Council, or to the Justices of the Peace of the shire where such offender dwelleth, to assist and aid the same Ordinary Commissary Archdeacon Official or Judge, to order or reform any .such person in any cause before rehearsed; that then he of the King’s said honourable Council, or such two Justices of the Peace, whereof the one to be of the quomm, to whom such information or request shall be made, shall have full power and authority, by virtue of this Act, to attach or cause to be attached the person or persons against whom such information or request shall be made, and to commit the same person or persons to ward, there to remain without bail and mainprize, till that he or they shall have found sufficient surety, to be bound by recognizance or otherwise before the King’s said Councellor, or Justice of

Class II.] Tithes.

Peace, or any other like Councellor or Justice of Peace, to the use of our said Sovereign Lord the King to give due obedience to the processes proceedings, decrees and sentences of the Ecclesiastical Court of this realm, wherein such suit or matter for the premises shall depend or be. And that every of the King’s said Councellors, or two Justices of the Peace, whereof the one to be of the quorum, as is aforesaid, shall have full power and authority, by virtue of this Act, to take receive and record recognizances and obligations in any of the causes above written.

II. Provided alway, That this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to any inhabitant of the city of London for or concerning any manner of tithe offering or other ecclesiastical duty, grown and due, to be paid or yielden within the same city, because .there is another order made for the payment of tithes and other duties within the same city.

III. Provided also, That every person and persons, being party or parties to any such suit, shall ana may make and have his and their lawful action demand or prosecution appeals prohibitions and all other their lawful defences and remedies in every such suit, according to the said ecclesiastical laws and laws and statutes of this realm, in as ample and liberal manner and form as they or any of them might have had if this Act had never been made; any thing in this Act above written not withstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by authority aforesaid, That this Act for recovering of tithes, ne any thing therein contained, shall take force and effect but only until such time as the King’s Highness, and such other thirty-two persons which his Highness shall name and appoint for the making and establishing of such laws as his Highness shall affirm and ratify, to be called the Ecclesiastical Laws of the Church of England; and after the said laws so ratified and confirmed as is aforesaifl, that then the said tithes to be paid to every ecclesiastical person according to such laws, and none otherwise.

This Actitotto extend to London.

Every Person shall have his demand and defence accord* ing to the laws ecclesiastical.

25H.8.C. 19, §7.

13 Car. 2, it* Is c* 12, $ 5 *

[No* III.] 31 Henry VIII. c. 13.—An Act for Dissolu- 3P. tion of Monasteries and Abbies.

XXI. And where divers and sundry abbots priors abbesses prioresses and other ecclesiastical governors and goverp esses of the said late monasteries abbathies priories nunneries colleges hospitals houses of friars, and other religious and ecclesiastical houses and places, have had - Q 4 possessed and enjoyed divers and sundry parsonages, appropriated tithes g .j 3%

4 pensions and portions, and also were acquitted and discharged of and for the payment or payments of tithes, to be paid out or for their said 252 *

31 Hen. VHL c. 13. sec. 20 *

Hatley, 145.

* The monasteries dissolved by this act, and intitled to exemption from tithes, are those of the yearly value of £200 and upwards, there being no exemption in respect of the lesser monasteries dissolved by 27 Hen. VIII. c. 28. A catalogue of the greater monasteries, in respect of which exemption may be claimed, is contained in Turner’s Notitia, and from thence extracted in Burns’ Ecclesiastical Law, Title Tithes, and the appendix to Toller on Tithes.

The following view of the law respecting such exemption is abridged from the Treatise of Mr. Toller, Ch. VII.—

The exemption may be in respect, I. Of unity of possession by the monastery of the parsonage and the land titheable—and this exemption takes place as well when they are in the hands of a tenant as when they are in the hands of the owner. The requisites to such exemption are, that the union must have been, 1st, founded upon legal title; 2d, equal with respect to the quantity of estate; 3d, free from the payment of any tithes in any manner; 4th, immemorial, and such im-VOL. I.

memorial possesion must be proved, and is not to be presumed.—Cluvill v. Oram, GwiU. 1354— but see ingram v. Thackstone, infra. II. In respect of order.—Religious orders were, by Pope Pascal II. exempted generally from tithes of land* dum propriis manibus excoluntur. This exemption was confined by Pope Adrian IV. to the orders of Cistercians Templars and Hospitallers, and was afterwards endeavoured by Innocent the Third to be extended to the Premonstratenses, but the extension has not been allowed in this country. By the Council of Lateran, in 1215, received as law in England, the exemption of religious houses was restrained to the lands of which they were at that time m possession. The Cistercians afterward* obtained bulls for the exemption of lands in the hands of tenants. Such exemptions were prevented for the future by Statute 2 Hemy IV, c. 4—but are valid as to privileges then existing. Lands, in respect of which the monasteries were entitled to exemption, ration* ordinis, are exempted, although at the tim* of the dissohitioil they were in die hands of tenants, and as IW1

368

Tithe*.

[Part HL

No. HI.

31 H. VIII. c. 13.

Such Abbey lands as before the dissolution of them were discharged of Tithes, shall so continue.

Cro. £1. 206. Cro. Jac. 607. Cro. Car. 265, 422.

Moor, 219, pL 356.

Dyer, f. 227, pi. 00, 349, ph 16.

2 Co. 46.

11 Co. 8, 16. Co. pi. f. 451, 454#

4 monasteries abbathies priories nunneries colleges hospitals houses of friars and other religious and ecclesiastical houses and places, manors messuages lands tenements and hereditaments* Be it therefore enacted by the authority abovesaid, That as well the King our Sovereign Lord his heirs'and successors, as all and every such person and persons their heirs and assigns, which have or hereafter shall have any monasteries abbathies priories nunneries colleges hospitals houses of friars or other ecclesiastical houses or places, sites circuits precincts of the same, or of any of them, or any manors messuages parsonages appropriate tithes pensions portions or other hereditaments, whatsoever they be, which belonged or appertained, or which now belong or appertain unto the said monasteries abbathies priories nunneries colleges hospitals houses of friars or other religious and ecclesiastical houses or places, or unto any of them, shall have hold retain keep and enjoy as well the said parsonages appropriate tithes pensions and portions of the said monasteries abbathies priories nunneries colleges hospitals houses of friars and other religious and ecclesiastical houses and places, sites circuits precincts manors meases lauds tenements and other hereditaments whatsoever they be, and every of them, according to their estates and titles, discharged and acquitted of payment of tidies, as freely and in as large and ample manner as the said late abbots priors abbesses prioresses and olher ecclesiastical governors and governesses, or any of them, had held occupied possessed used retained or enjoyed the same, or any parcel thereof, at the days of their dissolution suppression renouncing relinquishing forfeiting giving up or coining to the King's Highness, of such monasteries abbathies priories nunneries colleges hospitals houses of friars or other religious or ecclesiastical houses or places, or at die day of the dissolution suppression renouncing relinquishing giving up or coming to the King’s Highness of any of diem; this Act or any thing dierein contained to &e contrary notwithstanding.

titheabls—Cowley v. Keys, Gwill. 1308—but it is otherwise with respect to lands which, previous to the dissolution, had been granted in tail.— Hmnsr •>. Shereman, Hob. 248. Gwill. 431. The exemption extends in other cases only to lands in the bands of the owners. It may be claimed by a tetant in tail—er by a tenant for life, under the limitations of a settlement—Hett v. Meeds, Gwill. 1515—but not by a lessee for life.— Adm. Ibid. An absolute, and not a qualified discharge was presumed in favour of lands that had never paid tithes, although belonging to a Cistercian Abbey, and never in lease, and although tithes had been paid for other pert of the same him, when in the hands of teneots.—Ingram

v. Thackstone, Gwill. 819.

Lands exempted by the Statute are not chargeable, although they have paid tithes ever since it passed.—EarlofClericourt v. Lady Denton, GwilL 363. Lands exempt under this Statute are not rendered liable by the general provision of an Enclosure Act, that tithes should be paid from the new Inclosure, notwithstanding any modus or exemption in other parts of the parish.—Pratt v. Hopkins, 3 Bro. P. C. 512, Gwill. 704.

Lands of the order of St. John of Jerusalem, Which came to the crown by Stat. 32 Hen. VIII. c. 24, are exempt under the authority of tM» Act.—See the several cases cited. Toller, 175.

32 H. VIII. c.7.

This Act Is confirmed and enlarged by 2 A 3 Edw. 6, c. 13. 16 Bdw. 3.st. 3, c. 7.

46 Bd. 3, c. 3. 5«.4, c. II.

[No. IV.] 32 Henry VIII. c. 7 •—For the true Payment of Tithes and Offerings.

4 TyilEIiE diners and many persons inhabiting in sundry counties and places of this realm and other the King’s dominions, not regarding their duties to Almighty God and to the King our Sovereign Lord, but in few years past more contemptuously and commonly presuming to offend and in fringe the good and wholesome laws of this realm and gracious commandments of our said Sovereign Lord than in times past hath been seen or known, have not letted to subtract and withdraw the lawful and accustomed tithes of corn hay pasturages and other sort of tithes and oblations commonly due to the owners proprietaries and possessors of the parsonages vicarages and other ecclesiastical places of and within the said realm and dominions, being the more encouraged thereunto, for that divers of the King's subjects being I persons

Class II.]

Tithe*.

260

* having parsonages vicarages ami tithes to them and to their heirs, or to No. IV.

them and to their heirs of their bodies lawfully begotten, or for term of life or years, cannot by the order and course of the ecclesiastical laws of ti-vkiu this realm sue in any ecclesiastical court for the wrongful withholding c *

4 and detaining of the said tithes or other duties, nor cannot by the order of the common laws of this realm have any due remedy against any person or persons their heirs or assigns, that wrongfully dctaineth or withholdeth the same; by occasion whereof much controversy suit 2 Inst. 612.

4 variance and discord is like to insurge and ensue among the King’s 4 subjects, to the great detriment damage and decay of many of them, if convenient and speedy remedy therefore be not had and provided. ’

II. Wherefore it is ordained and enacted by our 6&id Sovereign Lord *h*Jl k the King, with the assent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the paid according Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by authority of the t*Je cu, t<*a

same. That all and singular persons of this his said realm or other his ot/he fj . dominions, of what estate degree or condition soever he or they be, shall ey

fully truly and effectually divide set out yield or pay all and singular Q tithes and offerings aforesaid, according to the lawful customs and usages of the parishes and places where such tithes or duties shall grow arise come or be due; and in case that it shall happen any person or persons, of his or their ungodly or perverse will and mind, to detain and withhold any of the said tithes or offerings, or any part or parcel thereof, then the person or party, being ecclesiastical or lay person, having cro. £1.607. cause to demand or have the said tithes *or offerings, being thereby The offender wronged or grieved, shall and may convent the person or persons so convented be-offending before the ordinary his commissary or other competent minister fore the Ordi-or lawful judge of the place where such wrong shall be done, according nary, to the ecclesiastical laws; and in every such came or matter of suit, the same ordinary commissary or other competent minister or lawful judge, having the parties or their lawful procurators before him or them, shall and may by virtue of this Act proceed to the examination hearing and determination of every such cause or matter, ordinarily or summarily, according to the course and process of the said ecclesiastical laws, and thereupon may give •sentence accordingly.

UL And in case that any of the parties, for any cause or matter con- The Appellant cerning that suit, do appeal from the sentence order and definitive judg- ahaUpay costa nient of the said ordinary or other competent judge as is aforesaid, then °vu, t to lhe the same judge, by virtue of this Act forthwith upon such appellations °thcrJl*TjL made, shall adjudge to the other party the reasonable costs of his suit . 1/ls therein before expended; and shall compel the same party appellant to satisfy and pay the same costs so adjudged by compulsory process and censures of the said laws ecclesiastical, taking surety of the other party to whom such costs shall be adjudged and paid, to restore the same costs to the party appellant, if after the principal catpc of* that suit of appeal shall he adjudged against the same party to whom the same costs shall be yielden; ana so every ordinary or other competent judge ecclesiastical, by virtue of this Act, shall adjudge costs to the other party upon every appeal to be made in any suit or cause of subtraction or detention of any tithes or offerings, or in auy other suit to be.made for or concerning the duty of such tithes or offerings.

IV. And further be it enacted Dy the authority aforesaid, That if any The offender person or persons, after such sentence definitive given against them, shall be bound obstinately and wilfully refuse for to pay their tithes or duties, or such by two Justices sums of money so adjudged, wherein they be condemned for the same, of Peace to that then two justices of the peace for the same shire, whereof one to be obey the Ordi-of the quorum, shall have authority by this Act, upon information certifi- nary’s sentence, cate or compliant to them made in writing by the skid ecclesiastical St»4Bur.20D5. judge that gave the same sentence, to cause the same party so refusing to be attached and committed to the next gaol, and thereto remain without bail or mainprise till he or they shall have found sufficient sureties to be bouud by recognizance or otherwise, before the same justices, to the use of our said Sovereign Lord the King, to perform the said definitive sentence and judgment.

2

* Lands discharged of Tithes.

Co. pi. f. 454.

2 & 3 Ed. 6, c. 13, § 4. fThe Inhabitants of London, 2 Co. 44. Recoveries may he had, and Conveyances made in Temporal Courts, ct Tithes, as of lands

Dyer 83, pL 77. Cro. EL 607, 844.

Co. lit. 152, 2.

11 Co. 25.

Judgments given, and fines levied in the King's Courts, of Tithes, shall be of like force as of lands.

Remedy shall be had for Tithes and Offerings in the SpiritualCourts, and not in the Temporal,

Dyer, 84, pL 82. 27 H.8. c. 20. 2 Co. 43.

Tithes. [Part II.

• V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons shall be sued, or otherwise compelled to yield give or pay any manner of tithes for any manors lands tenements or other hereditaments, which by the laws or statutes of this realm are discharged, or not chargeable with the payment of any such tithes.

t VI. Provided also, and be it enacted by authority aforesaid, That this Act nor any thing therein contained shall in any Wise bind the inhabitants of the City of London and suburbs of the same, for to pay their tithes and offerings within the same city and suburbs otherwise man they ought or should have done before the making of this Act; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where any person or persons which now fiave or which hereafter shall have any estate of inheritance freehold term right or interest ofln or to any parsonage vicarage portion pension’ tiihes oblations, or other ecclesiastical or spiritual profit which now be or hereafter shall be made temporal, or admitted to be abide and go to or in temporal hands and lay uses and profits by the law or statutes of this realm, shall hereafter fortune to be disseised deforced wronged or otherwise kept or put from their lawful inheritance estate seisin possession occupation term right or interest of in or to the same, or of in or to any parcel thereof, by any other person or persons claiming or pretending to nave interest or title in or to the same; that then in all and every such case or cases, the person or persons so disseisee! deforced or wrongfully kept or put from his or their right or possession as is afore rehearsed, their neirs wives and such other to whom such injury and wrong shall be done or committed, shall and may have their remedy in the King's temporal Courts, or other temporal Courts as the case shall require, for the recovery getting or obtaining of such inheritance estate freehold seisin possession term right or interest, by writs original of Prac’ quod reddat, assize of Novel disseisin, Mart-dance\ Quod ei deforciat, writs of Dower, or other writs original, as the case shall require, to be devised and granted in the King's Court of Chancery, of every such parsonage vicarage portion pension or other profit called ecclesiastical or spiritual, so to be demanded according to the nature and cause of the suit thereof, in like manner and form as they should or migh£ have had of or for lands tenements or other hereditaments in such manner to be demanded: And that writs of covenant and other writs for fines to be levied, and all other assurances to be had made or conveyed of any such parsonage vicarage portion pension or other profit called ecclesiastical or spiritual as is aforesaid, shall be hereafter devised and granted in the said Chancery according as bath been used for fines to be levied, and assurance to be had made or conveyed of lands tenements or other hereditaments: And that all judgments to be given upon any of the said writs original, so to be devised or granted of or for any the premises, or any of them, and all fines to be levied and knowledged in any of the King's said Courts thereof, shall be of like force and effect in the law, to all intents and purposes, as judgments given and fines levied of lands tenements and hereditaments in the same Courts upon writs original therefore duly pursued and prosecuted, albeit no such form of writs original out of the said Court of Chancery have heretofore proceeded or been awarded.

VIII. Provided always, That this last Act shall not extend nor be expounded to give any remedy cause of action or suit in the courts temporal against any person or persons which shall refuse or deny to set out his or their tithes, or which shall detain withhold or refuse to pay his tithes or offerings, or any parcel thereof; but that in all such cases the person or party being ecclesiastical or lay person, having cause to demand or have the said tithes or offerings, ana thereby wronged or grieved, shall take and have their remedy for their said tithes or offerings in every such case in the spiritual courts, according to the ordinance in the first part of this Act mentioned, and not otherwise; any thing herein expressed to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VjrOOQ 1C

I

261

Class n.]

Tithes.

[No. V.] 37 Henry VIII. c. 12.—An Act for Tithes in London.

4 VflTIERE of late time contention strife and variance hath risen and grown within the City of London, and the liberties of the same,

4 between the parsons vicars and curates of the said city, and the citizens and inhabitants of the same, for and concerning the payment of tithes oblations and other duties within the said city and liberties: For ap* peasing whereof, a certain order and decree was made thereof by the most Reverend Father in God Thomas Archbishop of Canter busy, Me* tropolitane, Chief Primate of all England, Thomas A udley, Knight, Lord Audley of IValden, and then Lord Chancellor of England, now deceased, 4 and other of the King’s Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, and

* also the King's letters patents and proclamation was made thereof, and directed to the said citizens concerning the same, whereupon it was after enacted in the Parliament holden at Westminster by prorogation the fourth day of February in the twenty seventh year of the King’s Majesty’s most noble reign, by authority of the same Parliament, that the citizens and inhabitants of the same city should at Easter then nexft coming pay unto the curates of the said city and suburbs, all such and like* ' sums of money for tithes oblations and other duties as the said citizens -4 and inhabitants, by the order of the said late Lord Chancellor and other the King's most honourable Council, and the King’s said Proclamation, paid or ought to have paid by force and virtue of the said order at Easter which was in the year of our Lord God MDXXXV. (2) And the same payments so to continue from time to time, until such time as any other order or law should be made published ratitied and confirmed by the King's Highness, and the two and thirty persons by his Grace to be named, as well for the full establishment concerning the payment of all tidies oblations and other duties of the inhabitants within the said city suburbs and liberties of the same, as for the making of other ecclesiastical laws of this realm of England, () and that every person denying to pay as is aforesaid, should, by the commandment of the Mayor of London for the time being, be committed to prison, there to remain until such time as he or they should have agreed with the curate. 4 or curates for their said tithes oblations and odier duties as is aforesaid,

4 as in the said Act more plainly appeareth; (1) Sithen which Act divers variances contentions and strifes are newly risen and grown between the said parsons vicars and curates, and the said citizens and inhabitants, 4 touching the payments of the tithes oblations and other duties, by reason of certain words and terms specified in the said order, which dre not so plainly and fully set forth as is thought convenient and meet to be; 4 for appeasing whereof, as well the said parsons vicars and curates as the saiu citizens and inhabitants have compromitted and put themselves to stand to such order and decree, touching the premisses, as shall be made by the said Right Reverend Father m God Thomas Archbishop of Canterbury, Metropolitane and Primate of England, the Right Ho-4 nourable Sir Thomas Wryothcsly Knight, Lord Wryothcsley, and Lord Chancellor of England, the Right Honourable Thomas Duke of Norfolk,

4 Lord Treasurer of Englaml, the Right Honourable Sir William faulet Knight, lx>rd St, John, Lord President of the Council, and Lord Great Master of the King's most Honourable Household, the Right Honour- able Sir John Russel Knight, Lord Russel and Lord Privy Seal, the Right Honourable Edward Earl of Hertford, Lord Great Chamberlain of England, the Right Honourable John Viscount Lisle, High Ad-4 xniral of England, Sir Richard Lister Knight, Chief Justice of England,

4 Sir Edward Montague Knight, Chief Justice of the Common Bench at Westminster, and Sir Roger Cholmely Knight, Chief Baron of the Bx-4 chequer, for a final end and conclusion to be had and made touching the premisses for ever. (3) And to the intent to have a full peace and perfect end between the said parties, their heirs and successors, touching the said tithes oblations and other duties for ever/ Be itenacted by

No. V.

37 H. VIII. c. IS.

A rehearsal of the Statute of 27 H. VIII. c. 21. concerning the payment of Tithe *

Arbitrators chosen between the Parsons Vicars and Curates of London, and tho Citizens and Inhabitants of the same, touching the payment of Tithes *

302 Take* [Ptart II.

No. V. the authority of this present Parliament, that such end order and direction u viIT niade decreed and concluded by the forenamed Archbishop

3J n. V1U. Lords and Knights, or any six of them, before the first day of March next ensuing, of for and concerning the payments of the tithes oblations and other duties within the said city and the liberties of the same, and inrolled in the King's High Court of Chancery of Record, shall stand remain and be as an Act of Parliament, and shall bind as well all citizens and inhabitants of the said city and liberties for the time being, as the said parsons vicars curates and their successors for ever, according to the effect purport and intent of the said ordter and decree so to be made The peaaity of and inrolled; (0) and that every person denying to pay any of his or them whkh their tithes oblations or other duties contrary to the said decree so to be refute to p«y made, shall, by the commandment of the Mayor of London for the time their Tithe* being, and in his default or negligence, by the Lord Chancellor of Eng-according to the for the time being, be committedf to prison, there to remain till

Arbitrator s^Je- such tjme as he or they have agreed with the curate and curates for his cree* or their said tithes oblations and other duties, as is aforesaid.

THE DECREE.

Cro. El 276. As touching the payment of tithes in the city of London and the

1 Cro. 596. liberties of the same, It is fully ordered and decreed by the most Reverend Father in God Thomas Archbishop of Canterbury, Primate and Metropolitan? of England, Thomas Lord Wryothesly, Lord Chancellor of England, Wit turn Lord Si. John, President of the King's Majesty's Council, and Lord Great Master of his Highness’s Household, John Lord Russel, Lord Privy Seal, Eduard Earl of Hertford, Lord Great Chamberlain of England, John Viscount Lisle, High Admiral of England, Richard Lister Knight, Chief Justice of England, and Roger Cholmely Knight, Chief Baron of his Grace’s Exchequer, this present twenty-fourth day of February Anno domini secundum cursum et computationem Ecclesi* Anglican* millesimo quingentesimo quadragesimo quinto, according to the Statute in such case lately provided, (2) That the citizens and inhabitants of the said city of Iu>ndon and liberties of the same for the time being, shall yearly, without fraud or covin, for ever pay their tithes to the . parsons vicars and enrates of the said city, and their successors for the i arsons, vicars, tjme beings after the rate hereafter following, that is to wit, Of every uses, *• rent by the year of all and every house and houses shops warehouses cellars stables and every of them, within the said city and liberty of the same, 16d. ob. (3) Ana of every 20*. rent by the year of all and every such house and houses shops warehouses cellars and stables and every of them, within the said city and liberties, 2s. 9d. and so above the rent of 20#. by the year, ascending from 10s. to 10s. according to the rate aforesaid. Co. Inst. 2 par. III. Item, That where any lease is or shall be made of any dwelling 659. house or houses shops warehouses cellars or stables, or any of them, by

fraud or covin, reserving less rent than hath been accustomed, or is, or that any such lease shall be made without any rent reserved upon the same, by reason of any fine or income paid beforehand, or by any other fraud or covin; that then in every such case the tenant or former, tenants and formers thereof* shall pay for his or their tithes of the same after the rate aforesaid, according to the qualify of such rent or rents as the same house or houses shoos warehouses cellars or stables or any of them were last tetten for, without fraud or covin, before the making of streh lease.

IV. Item, That every owner or owners, inheritor or inheritors of any dwelling house or homes shops warehouses cellars nr stables, or any of them, within the said city and liberties, inhabiting or occupying the same himself or themselves, shall pay after such rate or tithes as is abovesaid, after the quantity of such yearly rent as the same was last letten for, without fraud or covin.

Iaxku v- Item, If any person or persons have taken, or hereafter shall take

any lease or mansion-place by lease, and the taker or takers thereof, his or their executors or assigns, doth or shall inhabit in any part thereof, fnd have or hath within eight years last past before this orae& Itr hereI

I

I

I

Class I!.]

Tithes.

after will or shall let out the residue of the same; that then in stich case the principal fanner or farmers or first taker or takers thereof, his or their executors or assigns, shall pay his or their tithes after the rate aforesaid, according to his or their quantity therein, and that his or their •executors assignee or assignees shall pay his or their tithes after the rate abovesaid, according to the quantity of their rent by year.

VI. And that if any person or persons have or shall take divers mansion-houses shops warehouses cellars or stables in one lease, and letteth or shall let out one or more of the said houses, and keepeih or shall keep one or more in his or their own hands, and inhabiteth or inhabit in the same; that then the said taker or takers, and his and their executors or assigns, shall pay his or their tithes after the rate abovesaid, according to the quantity of the yearly rent of such mansion-house or houses retained in his or their hands; and that his assignee or assignees of the residue of the said mansion-house or houses shall pay his or their tithes after the rate abovesaid, according to the quantity of their yearly rents.

VII. Item, If such burner or tarmera, or his or their assigns, of any mansion-house or houses warehouses shoos cellars or stables, hath at any time within eight years last past, or shall hereafter, let over all the said mansion-house or houses contained in his or their lease to one person, or to divers persons; that then the inhabitants lessees or occupiers of them and every of them, shall pay their tithes after the rate of such rents as the inhabitants lessees or occupiers, and their assignee or assignees, have been or shall be charged withal, without fraud or covin.

VIII. Item, If any dwelling-house within eight years last past was or hereafter shall be converted into a warehouse storehouse or such like, or if a warehouse storehouse or such like within the said eight years was ov hereafter shall be converted into a dwelling-house; that then the occupiers thereof shall pay tidies for the same, after the rate above declared of mansion-house rents.

IX. Item, That where any person shall demise any dye-house or brew-house with* implements convenient and necessary tor dying or brewing, reserving a rent upon the same, as well in respect of such implements as in respect of such dyehoust or brewhouse; that then the tenant shall pay his tithes after such rate as is abovesaid, the third penny abated: Qi) And that every* principal house or houses with key or wharf, having any crane or gibbet belonging to the same, shall pay after the like rate of their rents as is aforesaid, the third penny abated;

(») and that other wharfs belonging to houses having no crane or gibbet, shall pay for his dthes as shall be paid for mansion-houses in form aforesaid.

X. Item, That where any mansion-house with a shop stable warehouse wharf with crane timber-yard teinter-yard or garden belonging to the same, or as parcel of the same, is or shall be occupied together, that if the same bo hereafter severed or divided, or at any time within eight years last past were severed or divided; that Then the fanner or fanners, occupier or occupiers thereof, shall pay such tithes as is abovesaid for such shops stable warehouses wharf with crane timber-yard teinter-yard or garden aforesaid, so severed or divided, after the rate of their several rents thereupon reserved.

XI. Item, That the said citizens and inhabitants shall pay their tidies quarterly, that is to say, at the feast of Easter, the nativity of Sf. John baptist, the feast of St. MkJtaet the Archangel, and the nativity of our Lord, by even portions.

XII. Item, That every houshoMer paying ten shillings rent or above, shall for him or herself be discharged of their four offering-days; bat his wife children servant or others of their family, taking the rights of the church at Easier, shall pa)’ two pence for their four offering-days yearly.

XIII. Provided always, and it is decreed. That if any house or houses which hath been or hereafter shall be letten for ten shillings rent by year, or more, be, or hath at any time within eight years last passed, or hereafter shall be divided and leased into small parcels or members yielding I leu yearly rent than ten shillings by the year; that then the owner or

No*V.

3TH.Vltf; c. 13.

264

No. V.

37 H. VIII. c. 12.

Tithes.

[Part II.

owners, if he or they dwell in any part of such house, or else the principal lessee and lessees, if the owner or owners do not dwell in some part of the same, shall from henceforth pay for his or their tithes after such rate of rent as the same house was accustomed to be letten for before such division or dividing into parts or members: (2) And the under farmer and farmers lessee and lessees to be discharged of all tithes for such small parcels parts or members, rented at less yearly rent than ten shillings by year without fraud or covin, paying twopence yearly for four offering-days.

XIV. Provided alway, and it is decreed. That for such gardens as appertain not to any mansion-house, and which any person or persons holdeth or shall hold in his or their hands for pleasure or to his own use, that the then person so holding the same shall pay no tithes for the same; but if any person or persons which holdeth or shall hold any such garden containing half an acre or more, doth or shall make any yearly profit thereof by way of sale, that then he or they shall pay tithes for the same after such rate of his rent as is herein first above specified.

XV. Provided also, That if any such gardens now being of the quantity of half an acre or more be hereafter by fraud or covin divided into less quantity or quantities, then to pay tithe according to the rate abovesaid.

XVI. Provided alway, That this decree shall not extend to the houses of great men or noblemen or qoble-women kept in their own bands and not letten for any rent, which in times past hath paid no tithes, so long as they shall so continue unletten; (2) nor.to any lialls of crafts or companies, so long as they be kept unletten, so that the same halls in times past have not used to pay any tithes.

XVII. Provided always, ana it is decreed, That this present order and decree shall not in any wise extend to bind or charge any sheds stables cellars timber-yards ne tcinter-yards which were never parcel of any dwelling house, ne appertaining or belonging to any dwelling house, ne have been accustomed to pay any tithes; but that the said citizens and inhabitants shall thereof be quit of payment of any tithes, as it hath been used and accustomed.

XVIII. Provided also, and it is decreed, That where less sum than after sixteen pence half-penny in the ten shillings rent, or less sum than two shillings nine pence in the twenty shillings rent, hath been accustomed to be paid for tithes; that then and in such places the said citizens and inhabitants shall pay but only after such rate as hath been accustomed.

XIX. Item, It is also decreed, That if any variance controversy or strife do or shall hereafter arise in the said city for non-payment of any tithes, or if any variance or doubt arise upon the true knowledge or division of any rent or tithes, within the liberties of the said city, or of any extent or assessment thereof, or if any doubt arise upon any other thing contained within this decree; that then upon complaint made by the party grieved to the Mayor of the city of London for the time being, the said Mayor by the advice of councel snail call the said parties before him, and make a final end in the same, with costs to be awarded by the discretion of the said Mayor and his assistants, according to the intent and purport of this present decree.

Xa. And if the said Mayor make not an end thereof within two months after complaint to him made, or if any of the said parties find themselves aggrieved, that then the Lord Chancellor of England for the time being, upon complaint to him made within three months then next following, shall make an end in the same, with such costs to lie awarded ms shall lie thought convenient, according to the intent and purport of the said decree.

XXI. Provided always, That if any person or persons take any tenement for a less rent than it was accustomed to be letten for, by reason of great ruine or decay brenning or such like occasions or misfortunes; that then such person or persons, his executors or assigns, shall pay tithes only after the rate of the rent reserved in his or, their lease) cwl none otherwise, as loj)g as the same lease shall enduws.

Class II.] Tithes. 265

No. VI.

[No. VI.] 2 & 3 Edward VJ. c. 13.—An Act for Pay- 2 & s ment of Tithes.* Edw. VI.

* Ilf HERE in the Parliament holden at Westminster the iv. clay of c. 13.

* February in the xxvij. year of the reign of the late King of most

4 famous memory King Henry the viij. there was an Act made concern- 2 & 3 Edw. VI.

4 ing payment of tithes predial and personal: And also in another c. 13.

4 Parliament holden at Westminster the xxiv. day of July in the xxxii. In what maimer

* year of the reign of the said late King Henry the viij. another Act was Tithes ought to made concerning the true payment of tithes and offerings; in which b« P*kL

4 several acts many and divers things be omitted and left out, which were 27 H. 8, c. 20.

4 convenient and very neccssaiy to lie added to the same:’ In considera- 15*?

tion whereof, and to the intent the said tithes may be hereafter truly paid accordingfto the mind of the makers of the said acts, Be it ordained qq m and enacted by the King our Sovereign Lord, with the assent of the Lords gavi^ jgjy Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this present Parliament as- Godbolt, 211. sembled, and by the authority of the same, That not only the said Actf pi. 30. made in the said xxvij. and xxxii. years of the reign of the said late King 18 Ed. 3, n. 3, Henry the viij. concerning the true payment of tithes, and every article ana c. 7. branch therein contained, shall abide and stand in their full strength and 45 Ed. 3, c. 3. virtue; but also be it further enacted by the authority of this present Par- 5 H. 4. c. 11. liament, that every of the King’s subjects shall from henceforth truly and 2 Inst. 648. justly, without fraud or guile, divide set out yield and pay all manner of 2L their predial tithes (l) in their proper kind, as they rise and happen, in such 2BuUt.85, 183. manner and form as hath been of right yielded and payed within forty years L ul, L (2) next before the making of this Act, or of right or custom ought to have been paid: And that no person shall from henceforth take or carry any such *" *?rtn

or like tithes which have been yielded or paid within the said forty years, Tithe^ or of right ought to have been paid, in the place or places titheable of the \ Inst. 611. same, before he hath justly divided or set forth for the tithe thereof the 3 204.

tenth part of the same, or otherwise agreed for the same tithes with the \ Mod. 50. parson vicar or other owner proprietory or fermor of the same tithes; Raymond, 14. under the pain of forfeiture of treble value of the tithes so taken or Hardress, 315. carried away. (3) 1 Vent. 126. Carth. 361. Cro. EL 608, 621, 766. Cro. 513.

II. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at all times The penalty for whensoever and as often as the said predial tithes shall be due and at the carrying of corn tithing time of the same, it to be lawful to every party to whom any of or hay before the said tithes ought to be paid, or his deputy or servant, to view and see Tithe be set their said tithes to be justly and truly set forth and severed from the nine forth, or for parts, and the same quietly to take and carry away; and if any person kthng the Par-carry away his corn or hay or his other predial tithes before the tithe J?" thereof be set forth, or willingly withdraw his tithes of the same or of v such other things whereof predial tithes ought to be paid, or do stop or Bulltr

let the parson vicar proprietor owner or other their deputies or farmers, Godbolt to view take and carry away (4) their tithes as is abevesaid, by reason 245 pl 342. whereof the said tithe or tenth is lost impaired or hurt, that then upon Moor 528.

Hob. 218. Cro. Jac. 57, 68, 70, 318. 2 Roll. 54. Hetley, 123. March 57.

* This Statute is a remedial Act, and in an action thereon, the court will grant a new trial far the mistake of the Jury. 6 Taunt. 297.

(1) This provision relates only to predial tithes, and therefore where the declaration was for not selling out predial and other tithes, as wool, Ac. c. and a general verdict was given, judgment was arrested. Selw. N.P. 1074. But the Statute extends to small tithes as well as great. Hay, v. Parkwell, Moor 915.

(2) It is not necessary that tithes should appear to have been actually paid, the presumption being in favour of the general liability, and the plakuiff will recover in such case upon a declaration that the tithes wore yielded wfpayable within forty years before the Statute. Mitchell r. Walker, 5 T. R. 260. Bet if it is alledged that tithes were paid within the forty yean, evidence must be given thereof.—Lord Mansfield v. Clarke, cited ibid, and see Hallewell v. Trapps, 2 N, R. 173.

(3) As to whether the action can be brought for non-payment of a customary tithe of an eleventh instead of a tenth, or if it can, whether such customary tithe should not be expressly stated in the declaration, see Blundell v. Mawdcaler, 15 E. 641.

(4) As to the way which the parson has a right to use for carrying 08 the tithe, see Cobb r. Selby, 2 N. B. 466.

No. VL 2 hS

Edw. VI. c. 13.

Tithe of cattle Mag hi a watte where

TUheg. [Part If.

due proof thereof made before the spiritual judge, or any other judge to whocn heretofore he might have made complaint, the party 90 carrying away withdrawing letting or stopning shall pay the double value of the tenth or tithe so taken lost withdrawn or carried away, over and the costs charges and essences of the suit in the same; the same to be recovered before the ecclesiastical judge according to the King’s ecclesiastical laws.

HI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person which hath or shall have any beasts or other cattle titbeable going feeding or depasturing in any waste or common ground, whereof die parish is not certainly known, shall pay their tithes for the increase of

* nowiu the said cattle so going m the said waste or common, to the parson vicar

Kiprietor portionary owner or other their farmers or deputies of the parish mlet town or other place where the owner of the said cattle inhabited! or dwelleth.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be sued or otherwise compelled to yield give or pay any ed of nthe by ntaniier of tiihes for any manors lands tenements or hereditaments, which comMmtion.01 by the laws and statutes of this realm, or by any privilege or prescrip-2 tion, (5) are not chargeable with the payment Of any such tithes, or that

13 Co. 42. be discharged by any composition real. 34 H. 8, c. 7. § 5.

Co. pL 452, 454, 457. 2 Roil. 479.

The Tithe of V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That faanren heath or all such barren heath or waste ground, other than such as be discharged watte ground. fi)r the payment of tiihes by Act of Parliament, which before this time have lain barren and paid no tythes by reason of the said barrenness, and now be or hereafter shall be improved and converted into arable ground or meadow, shall from henceforth, after the end and term of seven yeaesnext after such improvement fully ended and determined, pay tithe for the com and hay grow ing upon the same; any thing m this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. (0)

Dyer 170. Cra» EL 475. Moor, 909. Crab Cat. 206.

(5) A prescription, exempting from the penalties of this Act, must be good in law; and the validity of the custom is proper to be tried in an action on- the Statute.—Phillips v. Davies, 6 East, 176.

(6) It is agreed that the Statute gives an exemption with respect to the land here described for the term of seven years. For the exposition of this danse, see 2 Inst. 656. Stockwell v. Terry, 1 Vesey, H5, and the late case of Warwick v. Collins, 2 M. and . 340. It is settled that land, is not entitled to the privilege as barren, on account of the expence of clearing from wood draining inclosing or recovery from the sea, and that the exemption mast be founded upon the natural inaptitude of the toil for the production of a crop without an extraordinary expence in manuring. The proper test of barrenness is, whether the Land requires extraordinary expense either in manure or labour, to bring it into a proper state of culture. Lord Selsea v. Powell, 6 Taunt. 297. In. Hutchins v. Maughan, eked by Eyre, C. B. in Jones r. Le David, 4 Gwll). 1594. Land which from its exposed situation would not grow corn without the expence of erecting stone .walls to protect it from the severity of the climate, was held to be exempt.

The following extrans from Lord EUenborough’s judgment in Warwick v. Collins, seem to comprise the substance of the law upon the subject:— w There are two causes of unproductiveness in land, one arising from the mere neglect of cultivation; the other, because the land is inks nature unfit for and indisposed to receive and return the

benefits of .cultivation. The latter only 9 protected; all land which has not been already cultivated by the plow is, to use Lord Coke’s words, (2 Inst 656) se far not apt far tillage. Something mutt necessarily be done; some labour bestowed; some expence incurred in all cases to conquer this inaptitude. Then comes the question on the limitation in the Statute, whether " it has paid no tithes by reason of barrenness, '* (an which the comments made on the Statute and the cases have principally turned) in other words, whether it be tudpte Naturd iterilis,; , * and this all agree must be shewn to entitle it to exemption. It seeas neither reasonable nor analogous to the common course of husbandry, to confine the inaptitude for tillage to such causes only as hinder the mere use and passage of the plow over it, such as the incumbrance of wood, of water, or furze and whin; there is an ulterior inaptkude to these in all cases of new land, arising from the rankness and foulness of the soil; and if L may use the ei{session, from its unsubdued condkoan. If the and only require the manure and enkivation ee> dinarfly necessary to bring k into an apt state of tillage, it is not sudpts Naturd iterilis. Sterility «r vi termini, imports an ungrateful soil: a sett of natural and constitutional infecuadity, resisting the ordinary means properly applied to render k otherwise.

The proper enquiry seems to be. Whether the land was of such a nature as to require extraordinary expence either in maiurie* or labour to bring it into a proper i^te of cultivation. oLV"

Gian IL] Tithes.

867

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any such barren waste or heath ground hath before this time been charged with the payment of any tithes, and that the same be hereafter improved oreconverted into arable ground or meadow, that then the owner or owners thereof shall, during seven years next following from and after the same improvement, pay such kind of tithe as was paid for the same before the said improvement; any thing in this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it also further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person exercising merchandises bargaining and selling clothing handicraft or other art or faculty, being such kind of persons and in* such places as heretofore within these forty years have accustoraably used to pay such personal tithes, or of right ought to pay, (other than such as been common aay-labourers) shall yearly at or before the feast of Easter pay for his personal tithes the tenth part of his clear gains, his charges and expences, according to his estate condition or degree, to be therein abated allowed and deducted.

No. VI.

2 & 3 Edw. VL c. 13.

Who shall pay their personal Tithes.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all such places where Handicraftshandicrafts-men have used to pay their tythes within these forty years, men haring the same custom of payment of tythes to be observed and to continue, used to pay any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding. Tithes.

IX. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any per- The Ordinary son refuse to pay his personal tithes in form aforesaid, that then it shall may examine be lawful to the ordinary of the same diocese where the party that so him that re-ought to pay the said tithes is dwelling, to call the same party before him, fuses to pay and by his discretion to examine him by all lawful and reasonable means, his Tithe, other than by the parties own corporal oath, concerning the true payment

of the said personal tithes.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Payment of all and every person had persons which by the laws or customs of this Offerings, realm ought to make or pay their offerings, shall yearly from henceforth

well and truly content and |»ay bis or their offerings to the parson vicar proprietor, or their deputies or farmers, of the parish or parisnes where it shall fortune or happen him or them to dwell or abide; and that at such four offering-days as at any time heretofore within the space of four yean last past hath been used and accustomed for the payment of the same, and in default thereof to pay for their said offerings at Easter then next following.

XI. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Tithe of Fish, this Act or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to any parish

which stands upon and towards the sea-coasts, the commodities and occupying whereof consisteth chiefly in fishing, and have by reason thereof uised to satisfy their tithes by fob y but that all and every such parish and parishes shall hereafter pay their tithes according to the laudable customs, as they have heretofore of ancient time within these forty years used and accustomed* and shall pay their offerings as is af oresaid.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Payment of That this Act or may thing therein contained, shall not extend in any wise Time by to the inhabitants of the eily of London and Cank rbury, and the suburbs houses.

of the same, ne to aay other town or place that hath used to pay their tithes Latch. 8Jk by their houses, otherw ise than they ought or should have (tone before the making of this Act; any thing contained in this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. And be k further enacted by authority aforesaid, That if any Suits for with-person do subtract or withdraw any manner of tithes obventions profits holding «f commodities or other duties beforementioned, or any part of them, contrary Tabes shall be to the true meaning of this Act, or of any other Act heretofore made, that > J tl]e Eccfe-thea the parly so subtracting or withdrawing the same, may or shall be sh&tical Court. GODvensea and sued in the King's ecclesiastical court, by the party from £

whom the same shall be subtracted or withdrawn, to the intentthe King's Bur *

judge ecclesiastical shall and may then and there hear ami determine the sam, according to the King’s ecclesiastical laws; and that it shall not be q< htwftri unto the poison vicar proprietor owner or other, their formers or

Excommunication of the

Tithes. [Part II.

deputies, contrary to this Act, to convent or sue such withholderof tythes obventions and other duties aforesaid, before any other judge than ecclesiastical; and if any Archbishop Bishop Chancellor or other judge ecclesiastical, give any sentence in the aforesaid causes of tithes obventions profits emoluments and other duties aforesaid, or in any of them, (and no appeal ne prohibition hanging,) and the party condemned do not obey the said sentence, that then it shall be lawful to every such judge ecclesiastical to excommunicate the said party so as afore condemned and dis-peity condemn- obeying; in the which sentence of excommunication, if the said party excommunicate wilfully stand and endure still excommunicate by the space of forty days next after, upon denunciation and publication thereof in the parish church, or the place or parish where the party so excommunicate is dwelling or most abiding, the said judge ecclesiastical may then at his pleasure signify to the King in his Court of Chancery, of the state and condition of the said |>arty so excommunicate, and thereupon to require process de excommunicato capiendo to be awarded against every such person as hath been so excommunicate.

XIV. Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any party at any time hereafter, for any matter or cause before rehearsed limited or appointed by this Act to be sued or determined in the King’s ecclesiastical court, (1) or before the ecclesiastical judge, do sue for any prohibition in any of the King's courts where prohibitions before this time nave been used to be granted, that then in every such case the same party, before any prohibition shall be granted to him or them, shall bring and deliver to the hands of some of the justices or judges of the same court where such party demandeth the prohibition, the very true copy of the libel depending in the ecclesiastical court, concerning the matter wherefore the party demandeth the prohibition, subscribed or marked with the hand of the same party, and under the copy of the said libel shall be written the suggestion wherefore the party so demandeth the said prohibition; and in case the said suggestion, by two honest and sufficient (2) witnesses at the least, be not proved true (3) in the court (4) where the said prohibition shall be so granted, (5) within six months (6) next following

A copy of the Libel shall be delivered to the Judges before a prohibition granted.

1 Leon. 286.

2 Leon. 212.

Dyer 242.

Cro. El. 736. Cro. Car. 208. A consultation granted for default of proving

a suggestion. Carthew, 463. Hetley, 147. 1 Roll. 55. 2 Roll. 125. Moor, 573, pi. 788.

(1) All manner of Tithes and Offerings.—The Act extends to small tithes; Foy v. Lister, 2 Salk. 554; 2 Ld. Raym. 1172.

(2) Persons convicted of Felony are not sufficient; Brown v. Crashaw, 2 Bulstr. 154. Secus, as to parishioners or interested witnesses; Sharp v. Hobart, .4 Bac. Abr. 246. In Robson's case, 1 Ventr. 107, it is said to be sufficient, where the suggestion consists of two parts, to produce one witness to each.

(3) The proof must be made in all cases where matter suggested is mere matter of fact, as a modus; Gippe's case, Godb. 245; Pool v. Gardner, Carth. 463; of the place being exempted as barren ground; Stroud v. Hoskins, Cro. Car. 208; Thomas v. Gifford, 2 Str. 92; that the Lord had from time immemorial received tithes within the manor, for which he had maintained a chaplain; and the proof did not shew the maintaining a chaplain; Boocher v. Rogers, 1 Rol. Rep. 2; a discharge by arbitrament; Reynolls v. Hayes, 1 Ro. Rep. 55; a discharge under 3i H. 8. c. 38; Congley v. Hale, 2 Ro. Rep. 125. Proof may be as to belief; Bennett v. Snell, Palm. 377; Noy, 44; LittL 155. It is sufficient if the suggestion is proved true in substance, although not proved strictly aa laid; or where the suggestion was, that the parson had 20 acres of pasture and 20 acres of wood in lieu of tithes, and it was proved as to the 'wstuxe and not is to the wood; Andrew v. Pigot,

Cro. Eliz. 736, Mo. 911. So if the modus is laid on the inhabitants of D. and proved to be paid by the plaintiff; Anon. Noy. 28. So where there is a proof of a modus differing in amount; Moore 911. Dyer 171, in Marg. HetL 100.

No proof is necessary where the suggestion is in the negative; as, that the parsonage is not appropriate—that the Lands are not in the parish; or where the suggestion is of matter of law; 2 Inst. 662; nor of a composition or agreement with the parson; Woodward v. Bugg, 2 Leon, 29; 3 Leon. 257; Anon. Lit.297; Tanner v. Small, Yelv. 102: nor of a cause of suggestion arising upon a subse quent statute; Wiggon r. Arscott, 2 Leon. 213; nor where two matters are suggested, one of which requires costs, the other not; as a modus and an agreement; semble Cobb v. Hunt, Yelv. 119; Brownlow 98; in which it was held, that die party in such case is not entitled to double costs.

(4) The proof may be made before one of the Judges in Vacation, and recorded in Term; Skinner's case, Latch. 80. And see 15 East, 576.

(5) Where the patty is put to declare in prohibition and is nonsuited, the defendant is not entitled to double costs under this Act, but only to single costs under 8 and 9 W. III. c. 11; Trask v. French, 15 E. 574.

(6) Calendar months—being a matter of ecclesiastical law; lit. 19* Hob, 179; 2 Mod, 58.

Claes II.] Tithe*.

after the said prohibition shall be so granted and awarded, that then the party that is letted or hindred of lus or their suit in the ecclesiastical court by such prohibition, shall upon his or their request and suit, without delay have a consultation granted (7) in the same case in the court where the said prohibition was granted; and shall also recover double costs (8) and damages against the party that so pursued the said prohibition, the said costs and damages to be assigned or assessed by the court where the said consultation shall be so granted; (9) for which costs and damages the party to whom they shall be awarded may have an action of debt, (10) by till plaint or information, in any of the King's courts of record, wherein the defendant shall not wage his or their law, nor have any essoign or protection allowed or admitted.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Of what things That this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to give Judge Ecde-any minister or judge ecclesiastical any jurisdiction to hold plea of any sUstical shall matter cause or thing, being contrary or repugnant to or against the Plea* effect intent or meaning of the statute of Westminster second, the fifth *•

chapter, the statutes of Articuli cleri, drcumspecte a gat is Silva cadua, the o i

treatise De Regia prohibit ione, ne against the statute of Anno primo Ed- 9 7\ wardi tertii, tfye tenth chapter, or any of them, ne yet hold plea in any 3 2

matter whereof the King’s court of right ought to have jurisdiction; any c. n, thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. {g 3. st. 5,

c. 7. 45 Ed. 3. c. 3. 2 Inst! 6*3.

XVI. Provided nevertheless, where heretofore such a custom hath been in many parts of Wales, that of such chattel and other goods as hath been given with the marriage of any person, their tithes have been exacted and levied by the parsons and curates in those parts; which custom being dissonant from any part of this realm, as it seemed when the said country of Wales was through civil dissention unculted, for want of other sufficient

Iirofits that might otherwise grow to the curates and ministers there, to lave been for that time tolerable: so now the country being well manured and husbanded, and the tithe is duly paid there of corn hay wool and cheese, and of other increase of all manner of cattle, as it is commonly in all other parts of this realm, the same custom seems to be grievous and unreasonable, especially where the benefices are else sufficient for the finding of the said ministers and curates: That it be therefore enacted No Tithes of by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of May Marriage Goods next coming no such tithes of marriage goods be exacted or required shall be paid of any person within the said dominion of Wales or marches of the same; in Wales, &c. any thing in this Act contained, or any other Act custom or prescription had or made to the contrary hereof notwithstanding. [Cok.Lit. 159. a.]

It was held Mo. 573, that the six months must be in Term time; but this has been since overruled, and the time runs from the teste of the writ of prohibition; Foy v. Lister, 2 Salk. 554; 2 Ld. Raym. 1171. When the declaration was by rule of Court amended, to make it conformable to the proceedings in the Spiritual Court, it was ruled that the time should be computed from the amendment; Mahon v. Acklam, Barnes 428. If the proof be defective it may be amended within the six months, but not after; Stiddar r. Tilar, Lit. 155.

(7) A consultation for not proving the suggestion is not, like a consultation on the merita, a bar to a second prohibition. See Carth. 463; Cro. Car. 208; Trask v. French, 15 East, 574.

(8) Double costs are only given for not proving the suggestion, not for variance between the suggestion and the libel; Hulton v. Barnes, Yelv. 79:and to obtain such costs a consultation must be awarded; Watkinson r. Pacy, Latch. 140; Hey 81. Whether the Act applies to prohibition by an administrated in a suit for tithes, due by the intestate; Dubit, Creake v. Pitcaime, Barnes 129; Cas. Prac. C. B. 157; Prac. Reg. 118.

(9) The Court do not make the payment of double costs, &c. part of the rule: they follow of course from the consultation being awarded; Foy v. Lister, 2 Ld. Raym. 1172.

(10) In such action the Plaintiff is entitled to costs; 1 RoL Abr. 516. L 37.

[No. VII.] 7 &8 William III. c. 6.—An Act for the more easy Recovery of small Tithes.

tK)It the more easy and effectual recovery of small tithes, and the value 7 & 8 W, IIL *" of them, where the same shall be unduly substrarted and detained)' i, i£ o1'"

270

No. VII.

7 & 8 William III. c. 6.

Continued further for 7 years by 10 & 11 W. III. c. 15. and perpetuated by 3 & 4XXAnne, c. 18. sec. 1.

Vrn. V. 8, 564. Bum.V.2, 498. Small Tithes not paid in 20 days after demand, lawful to complain to two Justices not interested,

18 Ed. 3. st. 3, c. 7.

45 Ed. 3. c. 3. 5 H. 4. c. 11.

who may summon the Person complained of, and on default of appearance determine the Complaint, &c.

On refusal to pay in 10 days after notice, the Constables, &c. may distrain.

Justices to administer an Oath.

Not to extend to London, &c.

Tithes, [Part 1L

where the same do not amount to above the yearly value of forty shillings from any one person; Be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every person and persons shall henceforth well and truly set out and pay all and singular the tithes commonly called Small Tithes, and compositions ana agreements for the same, with all offerings oblations and inventions, to the several rectors vicars and other persons to whom they are or shall be due, in their several parishes withm this kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Traced, according to the rights customs and prescriptions commonly used within the said parishes respectively; and if any person or persons shall hereafter subtract or withdraw, or any ways fail in the true payment of such small tithes offerings oblations obveo-tions or compositions as aforesaid, by the space of twenty days at most after demon; ) thereof, then it shall and may be lawful fur the person or persons to whom the same shall be due, to make his or their complaint in writing unto two or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace within that county riding city town corporate place or division where the same shall grow due; neither of which justices of peace is to be patron of the church or chapel whence the said tithes do or shall arise, nor any ways interested in such tythes offerings oblations obventions or compositions aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if hereafter any suit or complaint shall be brought to two or more justices of the peace as aforesaid, concerning small times offerings oblations obventions or compositions as aforesaid, the said justices are hereby authorised and required to summon, in writing under their hands and seals, by reasonable warning, every such person or persons against whom any complaint shall be made as aforesaid; and after his or their appearance, or upon default of their appearance, the said warning or summons being proved before them upon oath, the said justices of peace, or any two or more of them, shall proceed to hear and determine the said complaint, and upon the proofs evidences and testimonies produced before them, shall, in writing under their hands and seals, adjudge the case and give such reasonable allowance and compensation for such tithes oblations and compositions so subtracted or withheld, as they shall judge to be just and reasonable, and also such costs and charges, not exceeding ten shillings as upon the merits of the cause shall appear just.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall refuse or neglect, by the space of ten days after notice given, to pay or satisfy any such sum of money, as upon such complaint and proceeding shall by two or more justices of the peace be adjudged as aforesaid, in every such case the constables and churchwardens of the said parish, or, one of them, shall, by warrant under the hands and seals of the said justices to them directed, distrain the goods and chattels of the party so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, and after detaining them by the space of three days, in case the said sum so adjudged to be paid, together with reasonable charges for making and detaining the said distress, be not tendered or paid by the said party in the mean time, shall and may make publick sale of the same, and pay to the party complaining, so much of the money arising by such sale as may satisfy the said sum so adjudged, retaining to themselves such reasonable charges for making and keeping the said distress, as the said justice shall think fit, and shall render the overplus (if any be) to the owner.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all justices of peace, in the examination of all matters offered to them by this Act, to administer an oath or oaths to any witness nr witnesses* where the same shall be necessary for their information and for the belter discovery of the truth.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this Act. or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to any tithes oblations payments or obventions within the city of London or liberties thereof, nor to any othertgity or

Class II.] Tiihx. 2J1

town corporate where the same are settled by any Act of Parliament in No. VII. that case particularly made and provided. 7 & 8

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no complaint for or con- rtt

cerning any small tithes offerings oblations obventions or compositions WIUla UL hereafter due, shall be heard and determined by any justices of the peace, c *

by virtue of this Act, unless the complaint shall be made within the space v^pv^, /

of two years next after the times that the same tithes oblations obventions No Complaint and compositions did become due or payable; any thing in this Act con- to be heard tained to the contrary notwithstanding. unleas made within two years.

VII. Provided also, and be it. enacted. That any person finding him her Persons ag-or themselves aggrieved by any judgment to be given by any two justices grieved may of the peace, shall and may appeal to the next general quarter sessions to appeal to the be held for that county riding city town corporate or division, and the Sessions, justices of the peace there present, or the major part of them, shall proceed

finally to hear and determine the matter, and to reverse the said judgment if they shall see cause; and if the justices then present, or the If Judgement nuyor part of them, shall find cause to confirm the judgment given by confirmed, Jus-the first two justices of the peace, they shall then decree the same by tices to give order of sessions, and shall also proceed to give such costs against the Costs, &c. appellant, to be levied by distress and sale of me goods and chattels of the said appellant, as to them shall seem just and reasonable; and no proceedings or judgment had or to be had by virtue of -this Act shall be removed or superseded by virtue of any writ of certiorari or other writ out of his Majesty's courts at Westmintcr, or any other court whatsoever, unless the title of such tithes oblations or obventions shall be in question; any law statute custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any person or Persons compersons complained ot for subtracting or withholding any small tithes, plained of m-or other duties aforesaid, shall, before the justices of the peace to whom mating on any such complaint is made, insist upon any prescription composition or Competition, modus decimandi agreement or title, whereby he or she *13 or ought to be &c- giving freed from payment of the said tithes or other dues in question, and de- Security to pay liver the same in writing to the said justices of the peace, subscribed by Coats, Jiauce* him or her, and shall then give to the party complaining reasonable and to ^*re

sufficient security, to the satisfaction of the said justices, to pay oil such JudSmcnt* costs and damages as upon a trial at law to be had for that purpose in

any of his Majesty’s courts having cognizance of that matter snail he given against him her or them, in case the said prescription composition or modus decimandi shall not upon the said trial be allowed; that in f that case the said jus tices of the peace shall forbear to give any judgment in the matter, and that then and in such case the person or persons so complaining shall and may be at liberty to prosecute such person or persons for their said subtraction, in any other court or courts whatsoever, where he she or they might have.sued before the making of this Act; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every Judgment to be person and persons who shall by virtue of this Act obtain any judg- inrolled at the ment, or against whom any judgment shall l>c obtained, before any jus- next Sessions tices of the peace out of sessions, for small tithes oblations obventions or by the Cleric of compositions, shall cause or procure the said judgment to be inrolled at the Peace, &c. the next general quarter sessions to be holden lor the said county city

riding or division; and the clerk of the peace for the said county city riding or division is hereby required, upon tender thereof, to inrol the same, and that he shall not ask or receive for the inrol ment of any one judgment any fee or reward exceeding one shilling; and that the judgment so inrolled, and satisfaction made by paying" the same sum so adjudged, shall be a good bar to conclude the said rectors vicars and other persons from any other remedy for the said small tithes oblations obventions or compositions for which the said judgment was obtained.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Persona remor-person or persons against whom any such judgment or judgments shall ing, Justices oe had as aforesaid, shall remove out of the county riding city or corpora- may certify the tion after judgment had as aforesaid, and before the levying he sum or judgment, Ac *

272

No. VII.

7& 8 William III.

c. 6.

Justices may give Casts not exceeding 10*.';

Double Costs.

Suits for Tithes not exceeding 40*. to have no benefit by this Act.

Act to continue three years.

7 A 8 W. 111. c. 34. 13 & 14 Car. 3, c. 1.

1 W. M. c. 18.

Quakers to make the following Affirms* tion,

Carthew, 448.

8 Geo. 1} c. 6.

which is to be of the same force in law as Oath.

Tithes. [Part II.

sums thereby adjudged to be levied, the justices of the peace who made the said judgment, or one of them, shall certify the same, under his or their haiids and seals, to any justice of peace of such other county city or place wherein the said person or persons shall be inhabitants; which said justice is hereby authorized and required, by warrant under his hand and seal to be directed to the constables or churchwardens of the place or one of them, to levy the sum -or sums so adjudged to be levied as aforesaid, upon the goods and chattels of such person or persons as fully as the said other justices might have done if he she or they had not removed as aforesaid; which shall be paid according to the said judgment.

XL Provided always, and be it enacted, That no vicar or other person shall have remedy to recover small tithes or other dues aforesaid, which became or were due before the making of this Act, unless complaint be made to the justices of the peace in form aforesaid before the first day of October which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety-six.

£ll. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That the said justices of the peace who shall hear and determine any of the matters aforesaid shall have power to give costs not exceeding ten shillings to the party prosecuted, if they shall find the complaint to be false and vexatious, which costs shall be levied in manner and form aforesaid.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall be sued for any thing done in execution of this Act, and the plaintiff in such suit shall discontinue his action, or be nonsuit, or a verdict pass against him, that then in any of the said cases such person or persons shall recover double costs.

XIV. Provided always, That any clerk or other person or persons who shall begin any suit for recovery of small tithes oblations or obventions not exceeding the value of forty shillings, in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, or in any of the Ecclesiastical Courts, shall have no benefit by this Act or any clause in it for the same matter for which he or they have so sued.

XV. Provided always and be it further enacted, That this Act shall

continue for the space of three years, and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer. [Made perpetual 3 Ann. c. 18.

[No. VIII.] 7 & 8 William III. c. 34.—An Act that the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers, shall be accepted instead of an Oath in the usual Form.

* WHEREAS divers dissenters commonly called Quakers, refusing to take an oath in courts of justice and other places, are frequently imprisoned and their estates sequestred by process of contempt issuing out of such courts, to the ruin of themselves and familiesFor remedy *

* thereof be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the fourth day of May which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousandsix hundred ninety-six, every Quaker within this kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick- upon-Fwecd, who shall be required upon any lawful occasion to take an oath in any case where by law an oatn is required, shall, instead of the usual form, be permitted to make his or her solemn affirmation or deda^ ration in these words following, viz.

41 A. B. do declare, in the presence of Almighty God, the witness of the truth of what I say. ’

II. Which said solemn affirmation or declaration shall be adjudged and taken, and is hereby enacted and declared to be of the same force and effect to all intents and purposes, in all Courts of justice and other

373

No. VIIL 7 & 8 William III. c. 34.

Class II.] Tithes.

5laces where by law an oath is required within this kingdom of England ominion of frales or town of Bertoick~upo?i~ Tu:redf as if such Quaker had taken an oath in the usual form.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Quaker making such solemn affirmation or declaration shall be lawfully convicted wilfully falsely and corruptly to have affirmed or declared any matter or thing, which if the same Had been in the usual form would Penalty on false have amounted to wilful and corrupt perjury; every such Quaker so Affirmation, offending shall incur the same penalties and forfeitures as by the laws and statutes of this realm are enacted against persons convicted of wilful and corrupt IV. Ant

by reason of a pretended scruple of conscience If Quakers reQuakers do refuse to pay tithes and church ratesbe it enacted by the fuse to pay authority aforesaid, That where any Quaker shall refuse to pay or com- Tithea, dec. pound for his great or small tithes or to pay any church rates, it shall and Justices, on^ may be lawful to and for the two next justices of peace of the same *diig what is county (other than such justice of the peace as is patron of the church due, may oom-or chapel, whence the said tithes do or snail arise, or any ways interested P*1 ~}e" in the said tithes) upon the complaint of any parson vicar farmer or 5°’ "j" proprietor of tithes churchwarden or churchwardens, who ought to have g* receive or collect the same, by warrant under their hands and seals to convene before them such Quaker or Quakers neglecting or refusing to pay or compound for the same, and to examine upon oath (which oath the said justices are hereby empowered to administer) or in such manner as by this Act is provided the truth and justice of the said complaint, and to ascertain and state what is due and payable by such Quaker or Quakers to the party or parties complaining, and by order under their hands and seals to direct and appoint the payment thereof, so as the sum ordered as aforesaid do not exceed ten pounds; and upon refusal by such Quaker or Quakers to pay according to such order, it shall and may be lawful to and for any one of the said justices by warrant under his hand and seal to levy the money thereby ordered to be paid by distress and sale of the goods of such offender his executors or administrators, rendering only the overplus to him her or them, necessary charges of distraining being thereout first deducted and allowed by the said justice; and any person finding him her or themselves aggrieved by any judgment Persons ag-given by such two justices of the peace, shall and may appeal to the grieved may next General Quarter Sessions to be held for the county riding city liberty appeal to the, or town corporate; and the justices of the peace there present or the Quarter Sea-major part of them shall proceed finally to hear and determine the matter, doos, who are ana to reverse the said judgment if they shall see cause; and if the jus- ""v deter-tices then present or the major part of them shall find cause to continue nua*T the judgment given by the first two justices of the peace Ihey shall then decree the same by order of Seissons, and shall also proceed to give such costs against the appellant, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the said appellant, as to them shall seem just and reasonable; and no proceedings or judgment had or to be had by virtue No Judgment of this Act shall be removed or superseded by any. writ of Certiorari or toboiupemdtd other writ out of His Majesty Courts at Westminster or any other Court ky Certiorari, whatsoever, unless the title of such tithes shall be in question.

V. Provided always, That in case any such appeal be made as aforesaid, no warrant of distress shall be granted until after such appeal be determined.

VI. Provided and be it enacted, That no Quaker or reputed Quaker Quaken not to shall by virtue of this Act be qualified or permitted to give evidence in give Evidence in any criminal causes, or serve on any juries, or bear any office or place of criminal Causey profit in the Government; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary &c.

in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. Provided, That this Act shall continue in fpree for the space of Thi* Act was

seven years, and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parlia- perpetual ment, and no longer. by i oTlVat. 2,

c. 6. but is altered by I Geo. I. st. 2, c. 15, sec. 4, and 8 Geo#L c. 6.

Vol. I. T

Tithes.

[Part XL

* T4

No. IX. 11 & 12 William III. e. 10.

iifti2W.ur.

c. 16.

27 H. 8, c. 20. 3 W.ft M. c.3.

Ground town with Flax or Hemp, co pay 3#. per Acre.

Not to alter payment of Tithes for Giound sown t with Hemp or Flax between 2d Feb. 1684, end 2d Feb. 1691.

Aec feor amthiue •even years.

[No. IX.] 11 & 12 William III. c. 16.—An Act for the

better ascertaining the Tithes of Hemp and Flair.

* TXjWHEREAS an Act made in the third year of the reign of his MaT jesty and the late Queen, intituled An Act for the belter ascertuin- ing the Tithes of Hemp and Flax, was made to continue hut for seven

* years, and to the end of the next Session of Parliament after such term ended, and is now expired?’ and whereas the said Act hath by experience been found very usefin and necessary; Be it therefore enacted by the Kind’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after die live and twentieth day of March which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred, all and evety person or persons who shall sow or cause to be sown any hemp or flax in any parish or place in the kingdom of England dominion of Wales and town of Berwick-ripon-Taxed, shall pay or cause to be paid to every parson vicar orim proprietor of any such )tarish or place yearly and every year the sum of five shillings and no more for each acre of hemp and flax so sewn, before the same be carried off the ground, and so proportionably for more or less ground so sown; for the recovery of which sum or sums of money, the parson vicar or impropriator shall have the common and usual remedy allowed of by the laws of the land.

II. Provided, That this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend to charge any lands discharged by any Modus Dccimtmdi, ancient composition, or otherwise discharged of tithes by law.

Ill Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or . be construed to extend to make any alteration in the right or manner, of payment of tithes of flax and hemp to any ecclesiastical person, incumbent of any parsonage vicarage or curacy, or to any impropriator or body corporate having or holding any impropriation for suen ground, as ham at any time since the second day of February one thousand six hundred eighty-four, and before the second day of February one thousand six hundred ninety-one, been sown with flax or hemp and paid tithe in kmd to such incumbent impropriator or body corporate respectively, but that the same shall continue and be payable and paid as foil and m such manner as formerly; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided, That this law shall continue, in force for seven years to be accounted horn the said five and twentieth day of Marchy and from thence to the end of the next Sessions of Parliament* and no longer. [Made perpetual by 1 Geo. I. stat. 2, cap. 26; sect. 2.]

J). £ No. X.] 1 Georgo I. stat. 2, c. 6.—An Act for making

perpetual an Act of the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Wimjajx the Third* intituled An Act that the solemn Affirmation and De-dotation of the people called Quaker *, shall be accepted instead of an Oath in the usual form; and for explaining and enforcing the said Act in relation to the Payment of Tithes and Church-Rates; and for appointing the Form of an Affirmation to be taken by the said people called Quakers> instead of the Oath of Abjuration.

I Geo. l st. 2* € I. And whereas by the said Act made in the seventh year of the reign

c g wc< 2. 1 of King Willi AM the Third, a remedy is provided for the recovery of

Cfausefbrthe tithes and church-rates, where any Quaker should refuse to pay the Becovey of same Be lt enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such remedy Thh«, fee. ftom Quakers. 7 & 8 W. Iir. c. 34. See 1 Bur. 485.

Ctafr IL] Tithes.

shall be and i*hereby extended, and the like remedy shall and' maybe had and used against any Quaker or Quakers for the recovering of any tithes or rates, or any customary or other rights dues or payments belonging to any church or chapel, which of right by law and custom ought to be paid for the stipend or maintenance of any minister or curate officiating in any church or chapel; and any two or more justices of the peace of the same county or place, other than such justice of the peace as is patron of any such church or chapel or any ways interested m the said tithes, upon complaint of any parson vicar curate farmer or proprietor of such tithes, or any churchrwarden or chapel-warden or other person who ought to have receive or collect any such tithes rates dues or payments as aforesaid, are hereby authorised and required to summon in writing under their hands*and seals, by reasonable warning, such Quaker or Quakers against whom such complaint shall be made, and after his or their appearance, or upon default ot appearance, the said warning or summons being proved before them upon oath, to proceed to bear and determine the said complaint, and to make such order therein as in the said Act is limited or directed; and also to order such costs and charges as they shall think reasonable, not exceeding ten shillings, as upon the merits of the cause shall appear just; which order shall and may be so executed, and on such appeal may be reversed or affirmed by the General Quarter Sessions of the county or. place, with such costs and remedy for the same, and shall not be removed into any other Court, unless the titles of such tithes dues or payments shall be in question, in like manner as in and by the same Act is limited and provided.

IIT. And whereas several disputes have arisen concerning the effect of the abjuration to be taken by the people called Quakers, upon their solemn affirmation, as directed by an Act of Parliament made in the sixth year of her late Majesty's reign:now for preventing the like inconveniences fur the future, tie it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases wherever the effect of the said abjuration oath may be legally tended, or required of the said people called Quakers, or any of them, he or they shall take the effect thereof in the following words (that is to say),

I A.B. do truly and sincerely acknowledge profess testify and declare A in the presence of Almighty God, the witness of the truth of what I say, That King George is lawful and rightful King of this realm, and of all other his dominions and countries thereunto belonging. And I do solemnly and sincerely declare, That I do believe the person pretended to be the Prince of Wales during the life of the late King James, and since his decease pretending to be, and taking Upon himself me stile and title of the King ofEngland, by the name of fumes the Third, or of Scotland, by the name of James the Eighth, or the stile an&title of King of Great Britain, hath not any right or title whatsuver to the crown of this realm, nor any other the dominions thereunto belonging; and I do renounce and refuse any allegiance or obedience to him. And I do solemly promise, That I will be true and faithful, and bear true allegiance to King George, and to him will be faithful against all traiterous conspiracies and attempts what-sover, which shall be made against his person crown or dignity. And I will do my best endeavour to disclose and make known to King George and his successors all treasons and traiterous conspiracies which I shall know to be made against him, or any of them. And 1 will he true and feithfid to the succession of the crown against him tl>e said James, and all other persons whatsover, as the same is and stands settled by an Act, intituled An Act declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subjecty and settling the Succession of the Crown to the Tate Queen Anne and the heirs of her body, being Protestants; and as the same, by one other Act, intituled An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties tf the Subject, is and stands settled and entailed after the decease of the said late Queen, and for default of issue of the said late Queen, to the late Princess Sophia, Electoress and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, and the heirs of her body being Protestants. And all these things 1 do plainly and sincerely acknowledge promise and declare, ac*(

27«

No. X.

1 Geo. I. stat. 2, c. 6.

Concerning the Solemn Afar- j mation to be 1 taken by Quakers instead of the Abjuration Oath.

6 Annae, c. 23.

The Affirmation.

1 W.hK Soaa.2.

» *13

c. 2»

Tithei. [Part II.

cording to these express words by me spoken, and according to the plain and common sense and understanding of the same words, without any equivocation mental evasion or secret reservation whatsover. And I do make this recognition acknowledgment renunciation and promise heartily willingly and truly.

IV. Provided always, That so much of this Act as relates to the affirrna-tions to be made by the people called Quakers, shall be extended to that part of Great Britain called Scotland for ever, and to the plantations be-•ve/^toSw longing to the crown of Great Britain for five years, and to the end of Plantation!for *be next sess*on of Parliament after the said five years, and no longer, five yean, and thence to the end of the next Session of Parliament.

This Act, ai to the Affirmation, to extend to Scotland for

[No. XL] 53 George III. c. 127.—An Act for the better Regulation, of Ecclesiastical .Courts in England; and for the more easy Recovery of . Church Rates and Tithes.

Inserted post Part IV. Title Ecclesiastical Courts.]

[No. XII.] 1 Geo. IV. c. 40.—An Act to amend and

explain an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, to enable certain Persons to recover a just Compensation for the Tithes withheld from them in the Years One thousand seven* hundred and ninety-seven, and One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight. — [8tfi July 1820.]

' ItfWHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the ? thirty-ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the 39 GftO.3. (1.) Third, intituled An Act to enable all Ecclesiastical Persons and Bodies, Rectors Vicars and Curates and Impropriators, and those deriving by from or under them, to recover a just compensation for the Tithes withheld from them in the years one thousand seven hundred and nin'ety-stven and one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, against such persons as were liable to the same, it was amongst other things enacted, That all leases or demises of tithes which should be made or executed at any time after the passing of the said Act, by any person or persons who was or were himself or themselves entitled to such tithes solely by virtue of a- lease or leases executed to him or them by ecclesiastical persons or bodies rectors vicars and curates, or impropriators, other than leases or demises of the tithes to the actual occupiers of the lands, subject and liable to the payment of the tithe demised, should be utterly null and void And whereas doubts have arisen and are entertained, whether, under the said provision of the said Act, persons are not incapacitated to m.ake such leases, though bound so to do under and by virtue of covenants made and entered into previous to the passing of the said Act, to the great injury and oppression of the persons entitled to the benefit of the said covenants: Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. Lefties cove-. That nothing in the said Act shall extend or be taken to extend to make flinted for pre- null and void any lease of tithes made, or executed, or hereafter to be vioos to recited made and executed, under and by virtue of any covenant which was Act nude ralid. fondfide made and eutered into previous to the passing of the said Act;

nor to incapacitate any person or persons from making and executing any lease or leases in pursuance of such covenant as aforesaid.

Tithe*.

Class II.}

276a

[No. XIII.] 4 Geo. IV. c. 99.—An Act to provide for the No. XIII. establishing of Compositions for Tithes in Ireland for a 4 Geo. IV. limited Time. — [19th July 1823.] c. 99.]

TyWHEREAS various circumstances relating to the agriculture and popu- *

T lation of Ireland, and which do not apply to Great Britain, render it peculiarly expedient, that for the purpose of further encouraging the industry and enterprise of owners farmers and occupiers of land, and rendering the incomes arising from tithes there more certain in amount and more easy of collection, and of avoiding controversies respecting the same, provision should be made for the authorizing compositions to be made for tithes in Ireland only, to endure for a time to be limited: Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That at any time after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for Lord Lieote-the Lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, nant, on appli. upon the application of the Rector Vicar or other Ecclesiastical Incum- cation of Inbent, or if any Impropriator or other person or persons entitled to any cumbent or Im-tithes or portion of tithes, or of any five or more of the owners or occu- prtpriator, or piers of land, each holding or possessing lands of the yearly value (if °ve l^lwlderi owners) or at the yearly rent (if occupiers) of not less than twenty OCCUP7U, 620I. pounds, in any parish in Ireland, to give orders and directions from time 1 to time, when and as such Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or §"^cjajm governors shall think proper, to the churchwardens of any such parish, Veatriea be aa-such orders and directions to be signified to such churchwardens by the Mmbled \n p*. chief 'secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or mhei for carry-governors of Ireland, or in his absence by the under secretary, that a iag this Act in-Spedal Vestry shall be assembled in such parish, to proceed in carrying to execution, into execution the purposes of this Act, and that such vestry shall be composed of such persons occupying lands, not being tithe-free, within such parish, who shall, during the last preceding year, have paid or yielded the highest or greatest amount of county-cess charges or grand jury rates in respect of such lands, to be ascertained in manner hereinafter mentioned; and a copy of such orders and directions, with the Kotice of inch names and residences of the parties signing the application for the same, orders bo shall be inserted under the direction ot such chief secretary in the given to the Dublin Gazette; and notice or information of such orders and directions Bishop of the shall also be given at the same time, by the chief secretary of the Lord Diocese and the Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of IrcUuid, (or in his Incumbent, absence by the under secretary,) to the Bishop of the Djocese in which any and every such parish shall’be situate, and to the ecclesiastical Incumbent of the parish, if such Incumbent shall be within the united kingdom.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if it shall jiappen that at In cate of abthe time when any such orders and directions shall be given by the Lord acnce of In-Lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, the Eccle- cumbent, his siastical Incumbent who shall be entitled to or in the receipt of any recto- Agent or some rial or vicarial tithes within any such parish shall not be resident within penon

Ireland, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the Bishop "7

of the Diocese in which such parish shall be situate to nominate and appoint some agent of such Incumbent, or some other fit and proper °P t" person, to act for and on behalf of such Incumbent, and in such case all J^ lncum* matters required to be done and performed by such Ecclesiastical Incumbent, for carrying into effect the several provisions of this Act, shall and may be done and performed by such agent or other person so appointed by the said Bishop for and on behalf of such Incumbent.

III. And be it further enacted, That the High Constable or other col- Hi*hConstable lector of the county-cess charges and grant jury rates, or rates and ac.lh»Utwithin assessments levied under and by virtue of the presentments^grand 21D; y« after

being required, deliver to the churchwardens a list of the names and residences of yersons p* county rates in respect of lands not beta? lithe free, to an amount exceeding 20*., d c.

Vol. 1. T11

V76b No. XIII. 4 Geo. IV. c .99.

Tubes.

[Part 11.

Listttobe made out according to farm A, and the name* shall he arranged according to the Amount of the Soma actual!/ paid by such Wraons.

Lots t» he re-tided on Oath.

Churchwardens shall elk Co//

of such List of Rate*payers (or of the first 25 names therein) on door of the the church, &c. for two succes-aire Sundays.

59 O. 3. c. 31.

On appeal by persona charged

juries, within any parish in which such application shall have been made for carrying tbit Act into execution, shall within twenty-one days after such High Constable or collector shall be Uiercumo required by the Incumbent of such parish or by the Impropriator or by any other person or persons, or any two of them by whom such application snail have been made, prepare and deliver to the churchwardens or churchwarden of such parish a list containing the names and residences of all and every persons and person within such parish, who shall have been charged with and shall have paid any such county-cess charges or grand jury rates, for and in respect of any lands within any such parish, not being Tithe-free, to an amount exceeding twenty shillings in the whole within the year next preceding, together with the amount of the several and respective sums charged on and paid by every person whose name shall be contained in such list; and every such list shall be made out according to the form m the Schedule marked A. to this Act annexed, and the names contained in such list shall be arranged according to the amount of the sums actually paid in such year by the persons whose names shall be contained in such list, so that the names of the persons having paid the highest amounts of such rates shall appear at the head of such list, and the names of all other persons shall be placed in such list according to the amount of the sums paid by them respectively; and when several persons shall have paid the same amount, the names of such persons shall be placed alphabetically according to the letters of their respective surnames; and such list shall be signed by the High Constable or other collector by whom the same shall be made, and shall be verified on the oath of such High Constable or other collector before any one Justice of the Peace of the county, county of a city or county of a town or place in which such parish shall be situate; and which oath any such Justice is hereby authorized and empowered and required to administer.

IV. And be it further enacted, That after the receipt by the churchwardens of any parish, of any such list as aforesaid, containing the names of such persons charged with and having paid such county«cess charges and grand jury rates a« aforesaid, Mich churchwardens shall, upon the Burning next after the receipt of such list, affix or cause to be affixed on the principal outer door of the church and of any Homan Catholic chapel and Presbyterian meeting*house within such parish, a copy of the whole of every such list, in case such list shall not contain more than twenty-five names, and in case any such list shall contain more than tweuiy-five names, then a copy of all such part of the said list as shall relate to the first twenty-five names inserted in such list, there to remain so affixed for two successive Sundays next after the receipt of every such list, by such churchwardens; and in case it shall happen that in any parish there shall not be any church or any Human Catholic chapel nr Presbyterian meeting-house, then and in such case a copy of such list, or of such part thereof as aforesaid, shall be affixed on or at the pi ice appointed for posting notices of applications to Special Sessions, with respect to gram! jury presentment *, under an Act made in the fifty-ninth year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend the lams fur making repairing and improving the roads and other public trorks in Ireland, by Grand Jury Presentment *, and for a more effectual investigation if such Presentments; and Jbr further s*curing a true full and faithful account of all mouun levied under the same; and if any such copy of any such list, or of such part thereof as aforesaid, shall be removed from the door of such church, chapel, or meeting house, or other place, or shat) be destroyed or defaced at any lime before the expiration of the last of the said two successive Sundays, such churchwardens shall from time to time affix, or cause to be affixed, a new copy of such list, or such part thereof, on the door of such church chapel or meeting-house, or «»n or at such other place as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any person who shall during any preceding year have paid any county-cess charges or grand jury rates

with Ratos, and whose names are omitted, Sec., in such Luts or returns, two Msgistates may, on iication within lb dsys after the second Sunday, add their n.uncs &c., to such U’tx.

Class II.] Tithes.

within any such parish shall think himself or herself aggrieved by the omission of his or her name from any such list or copy oTsuch list or of such part thereof as aforesaid, or by any error or mistake in the amount of the sums stated in any such list or copy to have been charged on or paid by such person, it shall and may be lawful for any such person, within the space of ten days next after the second Sunday on which any such copy of such list, or of any such part thereof as aforesaid, shall have been affixed on the door of such church or other place of worship, or at such other place as aforesaid, to apply to any two Justices of the Peace in and for the county or place in which such parish shall be situate, to have his or her name added to such list or copy, or to have his or her name substituted in any such list or copy for the name of any person who shall have paid a lesser sum, or to have the error or mistake in the amount payable by such person rectified; and on producing \o such Justices a receipt or receipts from the High Constable or other collector, given to such person so complaining, for any amount of county-cess charges or grand jury rates exceeding the amount paid by any person or persons whose name or names shall be contained in such list (or equal to such amount in cases where the amount stated to be paid by all the persons whose names shall be contained in such list shall be equal), it shall be lawful for such justices to direct, by order under their hands to the churchwardens of the said par ish, that the name of some one of the persons having paid such lesser or equal sum be removed from such list or copy, and that the name of such complainant, and the sum payable by such complainant shall be added to any such list or copy, or that the amount payable by such person so complaining shall be correctly and truly stated in any such list or copy, as the case may require; ana the u&me of some person shall be removed from such list, and the name of such complainant, or the amount paid by such complainant, as the case may require, shall be added to or inserted in such list or copy accordingly.

VI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any such list shall be made under this Act, and any copy thereof qr of any part thereof shall be made and affixed as requited by this Act, no person shall be admitted or entitled to attend or to vote at any Special Vestry to be held for carrying into execution the purposes of this Act, other than such pessons whose names shall appear in or be added to such copy so affixed under the provisions of this Act, and who shall have actually paid and satisfied, or bona fide tendered, the several sums specified in such copy of such list so affixed or amended as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any High Constable or collector by this Act required to make out and deliver any such lUt as aforesaid, shall refuse of neglect or omit to make or deliver such list, or if the churchwardens of any parish shall neglect or refu*e to affix or cause to be affixed copies of any such list on the door of any church or other placeof public worship, or at any other place, according to the provisions of this Act, or shall neglect or refuse to add to or insert in any such list the name of any person, or the amount of county-cess charges or grand jury rates payable by any person, in compliance with the order ot any two Justices, made pursuant to this Act, every person so offending shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied in manner herein-after mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That after such lists or returns respectively shall have been transmitted as aforesaid, to the churchwardens of any such parish, public notice shall be given by such churchwardens in the usual manner of notices given for holding vestries in such parish, that a Special Vestry, to consist only of persons whose names shall appear in or be added to such lists, under the provisions of this Act, will be bedell in and for such parish, pursuant to this Act, on some day to he named in such notice, not being less than three weeks nor more than six weeks distant from the Sunday on which any such list shall have been first affixed to the door of the church, or other place or plates of public worship in such parish, or at such other place as aforesaid, pursuant to this Act; and such Special Vestry, consisting of such persons

• T 2

276 c

No. XIII. 4 Geo. IV. c. 99.

No Peraoooo to attend or vote at Vaatry, bat

tocb Lists, and who have paid or tendered their Ratoa.

Penalty enHigh Constable, Ac. c. neglecting to deliver such Lifts, and on Churchwardens neglecting to affix copies on Church Door, or omitting names of Persons, &c. 101.

On some day not sooner than three weeks nor kter than Six Weeks after affixing list of Persons chargeable to Rates, a Special Vestry shall be held for carrying this Act into execution

276 d No. XIII. 4 Geo. IV. c. 99.

Seven Vestrymen may proceed in execution of this Act. Chairman.

Votes; Vypersons charged to Rates* oot exceeding 10/. one lOt to 20/. two votes; and one for every succeeding 10/. rate* not exceeding six in the whole.

One casting

If Parishioners and Incumbent at Vestry agree in not proceeding, or disagree as to proceeding tinder this Act, Vestry shall be adjourned sine die, Ac. c. subject to being resummoned at any time, Ac. c.

Penalty on not certifying adjournment, 5/.

If aerenVeatry-men do not attend, Vestry shall adjourn lint die, Ac. c.

Tithe*. [Part 11.

only as aforesaid, shall be holden, and shall meet accordingly on the day mentioned in such nonce.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any seven persons or more, qualified as by this Act is directed, and duly assembled at any Special Vestry (July called in pursuance of this Act (and at which Special Vestry it shall be lawful for the Incumbent or other person or persons entitled to tithes, and churchwardens, if any, of such pariah to De present) to proceed from time to time in the execution of the purposes of this Act; and in the first place, to elect a chairman to preside at such vestry; and all questions to be proposed at such vestry snail be decided by the majority of the votes of the persons present at such vestry in manner following; that is to say, all persons attending at such vestry, who shall in any such list as aforesaid be charged with and shall have actually paid or band fide tendered such county-cess charge or grand iury rate, to an amount not exceeding ten pounds in the whole, shall be entitled to one vote; and all persons so changed or having paid or tendered to an amount exceeding ten pounds, ana not exceeding twenty pounds in the whole, shall be entitled to two votes; and so in progression of one vote for every complete sum of ten pounds with which any voter shall be so charged, and shall have paid or tendered, not exceeding six votes in the whole by any one person, to whatever amount, above sixty pounds, any such person may be so charged; and in case the number of votes given according to the proportions aforesaid, including the vote or votes of the chairman, shall be equal upon any question, such chairman shall have one casting vote for the decision of suen question; and it shall be lawful for such vestry to adjourn from day to day, or from time to time, as may be necessary for carrying into execution the purposes of this Act.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if at any meeting of any such Special Vestry, in which seven persons or more, duly qualified according to this Act to vote at such vestry, together with the ecclesiastical Incumbent of such parish, or other person or persons entitled to tithes as aforesaid, or their agents respectively, shall be present, it shall be agreed between such parishioners, and such.Incumbent or other person or persons as aforesaid, that no proceedings shall be had under this Act, suclf vestry shall forthwith adjourn sine die9 and no further proceedings shall be had under this Act, without further orders and directions from the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors o(Ireland for that purpose, pursuant to this Act; and if at any meeting of such Special Vestry as aforesaid, such parishioners and such Incumbent or other person or persons as aforesaid, shall disagree as to whether proceedings shall or shall nbt be had under this Act, the vestry shall be adjourned from time to time, or sine die, as may be agreed upon at such vestry, subject to being re-assembled at any time, on application of the Incumbent, or of any person entitled to tithe9, or any five or more occupiers of land, or owners of land occupying the same, within such parish, pursuant to the provisions of this Act; and the ecclesiastical Incumbent or other person or persons as aforesaid, or the churchwardens of such parish, if any, shall certify such result of the meeting of such Special vestry, in writing under their hands, and signed with their names, to the office of the chief secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, for the information of such Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors; and if any person or persons, hereby required to certify such result, shall omit or neglect so to do, every person so offending shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied in manner herein-after mentioned.

XL Provided also, and be it enacted, That if at the first meeting of any Special Vestry to be held in any parish, in pursuance of this Act, there shall not be present seven persons at least entitled to attend and vole at such vestry, for the purposes of this Act, all proceedings under this Act shall and may be adjourned by the Incumbent or Lay Impropriator, or other person entitled to tithes as aforesaid, or by the churchwardens, or by one of the persons by whom the notice for calling such

Tithes.

276 e

No. XIII.

4 Geo. IV. c. 99.

Peniltj on not certifying ad. joumment, 51,

Vestry duly assembled, and agreeing nidi Incumbent to proceed under this Act, shall elect a ComClass IL]

Special Vestry shall have been signed, for any number of days not more than seven; and such Incumbent or Impropriator, or churchwardens or other person, shall cause a written notice of every such adjournment to be given in such manner as is herein-before required with respect to the holding of such Special Vestfy; and if after two such adjournments an attendance of seven persons so entitled to attend and vote at such vestry shall not be procured, such Special Vestry shall be adjourned sine die, and the Incumbent or Impropriator or the churchwardens of such parish, or such other person as aforesaid, shall certify such adjournment to the office of the chief secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other chief

governor or governors of Ireland, and such vestry shall not be assera-led until further directions shall have been issued from the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, for that purpose, pursuant to this Act; and if any such person shall omit or neglect to certify such adjournment accordingly, every person so offending snail forfeit the sum ot five pounds, to be recovered and applied in manner hereinafter mentioned.

XII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Special Vestry consisting of seven or more in number shall be duly assembled for the’purposes of this Act, and it shall be agreed between the parishioners and the ecclesiastical Incumbent of such parish, or other person or persons entitled to tithes as aforesaid, to carry into execution the purposes of this Act, a memorandum of such agreement, or some minute or entry of the same, shall be reduced into writing, and shall be signed by the said Incumbent, or other person or persons entitled to tithes as aforesaid, or their agents respectively, and by four or more of the persons present at such Special Vestry; and at the same or some subsequent meeting such vestry shall proceed to elect nominate and appoint a fit and proper person, qualified as herein-after mentioned, to be a Commissioner for carrying into execution the purposes of this Act, on behalf of all the owners and occupiers of land within such parish, and to treat with a Commissioner to be named and appointed in manner hereafter mentioned by the ecclesiastical Incumbent of such parish, or other person or persons entitled to tithes as aforesaid, for the making and ascertaining a composition for all the tithes, rectorial, vicarial, predial, personal, or mixed, or of any nature or kind soever, growing, renewing, arising, payable, or yielded within such parish, whether such tithes shall be payable wholly to the Rector Vicar or other ecclesiastical Incumbent, or to any body politic or corporate or collegiate, or to any corporation aggregate or sole, or to any other person or persons whomsoever, lay or ecclesiastacal; and notice of the election nomination and appointment of such Commissioner, on behalf of the owners and occupiers of land in the said parish, and the name and place of abode of such Commissioner shall be transmitted by the churchwardens of such parish, or by the chairman of such vestry (as shall be directed by such vestry), to the Bishop of the diocese in which such parish shall be situate, and to the chief secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, in writing under the hand, and subscribed with the names or name of such churchwardens, or of such chairman of such vestry, within seven days next after such election nomination and appointment shall have taken place, in pursuance of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever such agreement as aforesaid shall he made in writing, and entered into and signed as aforesaid, for carrying into execution the purposes of this Act in any parish, and a Special Vestry shall have appointed a Commissioner on behalf uf the owners and occupiers of land within such parish, according to the provisions of this Act, then and in such case, within seven days next after the appointment of such Commissioner by such vestry, the Rector Vicar or other ecclesiastical Incumbent of such parish entitled to the receipt of

Churchwardens; the Bishop may approve or disapprove of such Commissioner; if not disapproved within six weeks to be held approved; if one disapproved of, a second may be appoint by the Incumbent within seven days, and if he be disapproved of, a Commissioner shall be appointed by the Archbishop.

behalf of the Owners and Occupiers of Land, to treat with s Commissioner to be named by the Incumbent, &c.

Notification of such Election to the Bishop' of the Diocese, and the Chief Secretary, within seven Days.

Incumbent, Ac. c. shall also within seven days appoint a Commissioner, and give notice, within seven days after, to the Bishop and

276/

No. XIII.

4 Geo. IV. c. 99.

When Impropriator, ftc., If •olflr entitled to Tithe *, Bishop shall not dUaem.

Tithes. [Part il.

tithes, or any portion of tithes, in such parish; or in ease there shall not be any ecclesiastical Incumbent so entitled, then any other persoo, or the majority in value of any other persons entitled to the tithes in such parish, shall, by writing under the hand and seal of such Ecclesiastical Incumbent, or other person or persons as aforesaid, appoint a fit and proper person, qualified in manner directed by this Act, to be a Commissioner on the part as well of such Incumbent, or other person or persons as aforesaid, as of any and every person or body politic or corporate or collegiate, or corporation, being the owner of any tithes arising, growing, yielded, or payable within such parish, to treat with the Commissioner appointed by such vestry, for the making a composition for all tithes arising* growings yielded, or payable within ouch parish; and such Incumbent, or other person or persons as aforesaid, shall give and transmit notice in writing to the churchwardens of such parish, and to the Bishop of the diocese, and to the chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, of the name and place of abode of such Commissioner so appointed, within seven days next after such appointment shall be made; and in all cases where any person, or body politic or corporate or collegiate, or corporation, other than the ecclesiastical Incumbent of such parish, or other person or persons appointing such Commissioner, shall be entitled to the receipt of an/ rectorial vicarial or other tithes, arising, growing, yielded, or payable within such parish, such Incumbent, or other person or persons a9 aforesaid, shall also give notice in writing, within the like space of seven days, of the name and place of abode of such Commissioner, to any and every person, or body politic or corporate or collegiate, or corporation, entitled to such rectorial or vicarial or other tithes; and i{ shall be lawful for any and every such person, or body politic of corporate or collegiate, or corpora^ tion, so entitled to such rectorial or vicarial or other tithes, to submit to the Bishop of the dfocese any objection to the person so appointed by such Incumbent or Impropriator, or other person as aforesaid, to be such Commissioner; and it shall be lawful tor such Bishop at any time, not less than two weeks, and not more than six weeks after the notice of such appointment, to signify to such Incumlien *, or other person or persons as aforesaid, the approbation or disapprobation of such Bishop, of the person so appointed to be such Commissioner: Provided, that incase no disapprobation of such Commissioner by such Bishop shall be made and signified by such Bishop, by writing under his hand, on some day within six weeks after the notice of the appointment of such Commissioner, such appointment shall be deemed ana taken to be approved by such Bishop, and such Commissioner shall thereupon be authorized and empowered to proceed in the execution of this Act: And provided, that in f*$e no person other than the Impropriator or person or persons appointing such Commissioner shall be entitled to or interested in any portion of such tithes, it shall not be lawful for such Bishop to signify any disapprobation of such Commissioner; and if such Bishop, within six weeks after the notice of the appointment of such Commissioner, shall by any writing under his hand signify his disapprobation of such Commissioner (except in the case aforesaid), the Incumbent, or other person or persons as aforesaid, by whom such Commissioner shall have been named and apCointed, shall, within seven days next after the receipt of such disappro-ation nominate and appoint another person to be Commissioner, in like manner as is here-before directed, ana shall give like notices of such appointment to such Bishop and chief secretary, and to any and every person or body politic or corporate or collegiate, or corporation, who may be interested in any rectorial or vicarial or other tithes, as are herein*before required in case of the first appointment of such Commissioner; and it shall be lawful for such Bishop to signify his approbation or disapprobation of such secondly-named Commissioner, in like manner and under the like regulations as are here-before contained respecting such first-named Commissioner; and if it shall happen that such Bishop shall signify his disapprobation of such second person, so named to be such Commissioner by such Incumbent, or other person or persons as aforeClues 11.] TUhet. $7$ g

said, then and in such case, upon notice given and application made by No. XTU. such Incumbent, or other person or persons as aforesaid, to the Archbishop 4 «y of the province in which the diocese of such Bishop shall besituate, of suen *

disapprobation of such Bishop, of the two persons so successively named t c* _ M by such Incumbent or other person or persons as aforesaid, to be such Commissioner, it shall be lawful for such Archbishop to nominate and appoint a fit and proper person to be a Commissioner to act in the execution of the purposes of this Act, on behalf of suoh Incumbent, or other person or persons as aforesaid, and of any and every other person, or body politic or corporate or collegiate, or corporation, entitled to any rectorial or vicarial or other tithes arising and payable within such parish; and it shall and may be lawful for such Incumbent, or other person or persons as aforesaid* or body politic or corporate or collegiate, or corporation, or for the owners and occupiers of land in any parish, to make application to such Archbishop for that purpose; and in case of refusal by such Arch* Appimdonsai bishop, it shall be lawful for the Court of King’s Bench in Ireland to direct Mandamus te a writ of mendmmm to such Archbishop* to enforce the puking such no* Archbishop to mi nation end appointment of such Commissioner by such Archbishop* appoaot. pursuant to this Act.

XIV. And be it further emoted, That no person shall be capable of Oek of Cum acting as a Commissioner for the purposes of this Act, until he shall have miminimti taken and subscribed an oxth, in the words or to the effect following; that ie to say,

I A.B. do swear, That I will faith folly impartially and honestly, ae- cording to the best of my skill and ability, execute and perform the powers and authorities vested and reposed in me as a Commissioner, in the parish of, * by virtueof an Act]>a4sed ill the fourth

4 year of the reign of King George the Fourth, intituled [here $et forth 4 the title of tki» Att], according to the directions of the said Act, and according to equity and good conscience, and without favour or affee- tion, prejudice or malice, to any person or persons whomsoever. 80 4 help me God/

And no person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner for the pur* poses or this Act, unless such person shall be seised of a freehold estate or estates ifi fee simple or fee tail, or for life, of the annual value of one hundred pounds at the least, situate iu any part of the united kingdom, or shall be heir apparent to some person so seised, or shall lie seised or possessed of a leasehold estate or estates for life, or for a term of years, whdreof not less than fourteen years shall be unexpired, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds at the least, situate in any part of the united kingdom, or being seised of a freehold estate, or possessed of a leasehold estate for life, not being of such value, shall be also possessed of a leasehold estate or estates for a term of years as aforesaid, which, together with such estate for life, shall amodut to the clear yearly value of two hundred pounds at the least in any part of the united kingdom, or who shall be possessed of personal property to the value of one thousand pounds, over and above all his just debts; and that no person shall be capable of acting as such Commissioner, until he shall nave also taken and subtcril>ed an oath in the words or to /tie effect following; that is to say.

Qualification of Commbnooafs, 100/. a year, Ac. c., or pareooal Estate of 1000L

4 T A. B. of do swear, That I am seised of a free- QtfiU

4 hold estate [or estates] in fee simple [or, in fee tail, or, as tenant for life], in possession, of the annual value of pounds [or, thatT

4 I am heir apparent of C. D. who is seised of an estate [or estates] in fee simple, or fee tail, of the annual value of pounds] (or, that

4 am seised of a leasehold estate [or estates] for life, [or, for a term of years whereof not less than years are unexpired], of the annual

4 value of pounds, ] or, [that i am seised of a freeltotrl estate,

4 or possessed of a leasehold estate [or estates] for life, and am also pos- sewed of leasehold estate or estates for a term of years, whereof not less than years are unexpired, which are together of the anuufehO

4 value of pounds]; and that such estate [or estates] is [or,

276 h Tithes. [Part II.

No. XIII. are] situate in [storing in all cases in what part of ike united kingdom any Geo IV. # every estate is or are situate, and specifying the name of the estate or c 99 estates, or other descriptions of the property]; and that such estate [or

c. yy* (estates] is [or are] bom fide iny property, [or, in case of freehold estate, the property of to whom l am heir apparent; ] [or, that I

' estate and property of over

1 am possessed of a clear i ,

* and above all my just dents and incumbrances.] So help me God/ Which several oaths any Justice of the Peace of any county in which the parish shall be situate in which such Commissioner shall be appointed to act, is hereby empowered to administer; and every such oatn when so taken and subscribed shall be lodged by such Commissioner in the registry of the Bishop of the diocese in which such parish shall be situate; and if any person shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the execution of this Act, without having taken and subscribed the oath or oaths required by this Act, every such person shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds to any person or persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered by action of debt or on the case, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Dublin.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioner appointed in pursuance of this Act shall die, or shall neglect or refuse to act, or shall become incapable of acting in the execution of this Act, then and in every such case a new Commissioner shall be appointed for the execution of this Act, by the owners or occupiers of land, or by the Incumbent, or any other person or persons entitled to tithes as aforesaid, or his or their successors or heirs respectively, by whom or on whose behalf the Commissioner so dying, or neglecting or refusing to act, was originally appointed; and the appointment of such new Commissioner .on Dehalf of the owners or occupiers of land, shall be made at a Special Vestry, to consist of seven persons at the least, qualified for electing a Commissioner, pursuant to the regulations of this Act, to be holden in pursuance of a notice to be given as herein-before directed in the case of bolding a Special Vestry, at least fourteen days before the day appointed for the nomination of such Commissioner; and the appointment, as well of such new Commissioner on behalf of the owners and occupiers of land as of such new Commissioner on behalf of the Incumbent or other person or persons as aforesaid, shall be subject to the like rules and regulations, ana the appointment of such new Commissioner on behalf of the Incumbent or other person or persons as aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to the same approbation or disapprobation of the Bishop of the diocese, and finally to the interference and nomination of the Archbishop of the province, as are herein-before required with respect to the appointment of the Commissioners originally appointed; and every such new Commissioner shall be qualified and shall take the oath and oaths by this Act required to be taken respectively, and shall have the like powers and authorities in all respects as the Commissioner in whose room he shall be appointed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said two Commissioners so respectively appointed on behalf of the said several parties, and such Commissioners are hereby authorized, and empowered to agree upon and to ascertain and fix the amount of the yearly sum of money to be paid to the Incumbent, or any other person or persons, or body politic or corporate or collegiate, or corporation, entitled to any tithes, rectorial or vicarial, predial, personal, or mixed, in the parish where such Commissioners shall be so appointed, as a composition for and in satisfaction of all such tithes; and that such amount shall be calculated upon an average of all the sums paid, or agreed for, or adjudged to be paid, in such parish on account of tithes during the seven successive years preceding the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and twenty-one; and if it snail appear to the said Commissioners that the sums which have been paid or agreed for during such! seven years have not been an adequate compensation for the tithes of the

judged to be paid during seven years preceding 1st Nov. 1821; such Composition not to be lower than ^uch Avenge, nor to exceed it more than one fifth. O

Penalty for acting without taking Oaths ML

Appointment at

In case of Death, &c.

by the Pariah, at Special Yes. try of seven Persona, on 14 days’ notice.

Commissioners empowered to agree in fixing Amount of Sum to be paid as a Composition for all Tithm, after due inquiry from the Incumbent of the parish and the Occupiers of Land, ou the average annual amount paid or agreed, or ad

Class 1L] Tithes.

several articles on account of which such suns have been paid or agreed for, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners in such case to add to the amouht of such average any sum, not in any case exceeding in the whole one-fifth part of the amount of such average: Provided always, that if it shall happen that any land subject to tithes in any such parish shall during such period of years have been held and possessed by any person entitled to the tithes, or to the receipt of the tithes of such land, or m any manner so that the tithes of such land shall not have been actually paid, nor agreed for, nor adjudged to be paid during such period, then and in every such case the annual value or the tithes of such land shall be estimated by the said Commissioners according to the best information which they can obtain; and in any other case where it shall happen that the tithes of any land shall not have been paid, nor agreed for, nor adjudged during such period, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to nx and ascertain the value of the tithes of such land in each year of the said period, according to the payments made for tithes of the like kind in the same or any adjoining parish: And for all the said purposes, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to meet together from time to time, and to require from the Incumbent and Impropriator, and every other person or body politic or corporate or collegiate, or corporation, entitled or claiming to be entitled to or interested in the receipt of any such tithes, & full and particular statement in writing, under the hand of such Incumbent Impropriator and other person, or of any steward or agent of any body politic or corporate or collegiate, or corporation aggregate or sole, or any person or persons whomsoever, or his or their claim or claims respectively, and to what particulars such claims apply, and out of or upon what land within such parish, and by what persons such tithes are claimed, or have been agreed for, or adjudged to be issuing, yielded, chargeable, payable or paid, and the nature amount and value of all tithes claimed, or payable, or receivable, or yielded, or paid, and received or agreed for, or adjudged to be paid, in kind or otherwise, for and during such seven years; and it shall be lawful for such Commissioners to summon and call before them, as well as the Incumbent or Impropriator or any steward or agent of any body politic or corporate or collegiate, or co-poration aggregate or sole, or any person or persons entitled or claiming to be entitled to such tithes or any of them, as also any owner or occupier of auy lands, or any other person or persons charged or chargeable with the payment of such tithes, and to examine any such Incumbent or Impropriator, or steward or agent, or owner or occupier of land, and any other person or persons whomsoever upon oath (which oath the said Commissioners, or either of them, are and is hereby authorized and empowered to administer), as to the Xruth of any fact of which such Commissioners may require to be satisfied, for the purpose of obtaining the information requisite for the making of any agreement for such composition; and all such persons so summoned or called before such Commissioners are hereby required to give evidence and information accordingly.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if the Commissioners so appointed as aforesaid, acting in the execution of this Act, shall not agree in settling and ascertaining the amount of the composition for tithes to be paid and made in any parish, pursuant to the previsions of this Act, it snail be lawful for such Commissioners to refer the settling and ascertaining of the amount of such composition in such parish to the decision of some third person, not interested in the question, as an Umpire; and such Umpire shall be nominated and appointed by such Commissioners, by writing under their hands; and notice of the appointment of such Umpire by such Commissioners shall he given by siicn Commissioners in writing under their hands, and shall be transmitted by such Commissioners to the office of the chief secretary, for the information of the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, and to the Bishop of the diocese, and to the Incumbent or Impropriator, or other person or persons having appointed any Commissioner as aforesaid, and to the Churchwardens of the parish, and to every person, or l>ody politic

276 i No. XIII.

4 Geo. IV. c. 99.

empowered to examine Persons on Oath.

If Commissioners cannot agree, they shall appoint an Umpire, and give notice to the Chief Secretary, Bishop, Incumbehf, Tithe Owners, and three of the Vestry.

97# *

No. XIII. 4 Geo. IV. c. 99.

Powers of Umpire in ascertaining the Amount of the Composition.

If Commissioners do not

agree, or appoint an Umpire within four months, they shall certify to Lord Lieutenant; and Lord Lieutenant in Csaaril may refer the case la

ers, and oO failure of their then agreeing or appointing an Umpire within one month, Lord Lieutenant shall appoint Umpire.

Oath of Umpire.

Itike*. [Part 11.

or corporate or collegiate, or corporation, entitled to any tithes in such parish, and to three or more of the persons who shall have attended at the special vestry at which either of the said Commissioners was appointed; and the decision of the Umpire so to be nominated or appointed as aforesaid shall be final and conclusive.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be. lawful for any Umpire so to be appointed as aforesaid, and such Umpire* is hereby authorised and required to ascertain and fix the amount of t ne yearly sum of money to be paid as a composition for and in satisfaction of all tithes payable in such parish, in like manner and upon the same principles as the two Commissioners by whom such Umpire shall be appointed are by this Act authorized to ascertain and fix such composition; and it shall be lawful for such'Umpire to proceed in ascertaining and fixing such composition, either upon such information as shall nave been obtained by such two Commissioners, or it shall be lawful for such Umpire to make such further inquiries, and to proceed in such manner in all respects as such Commissioners might have proceeded under this Act in obtaining the information requisite fur the ascertaining and fixing of such composition; and such Umpire shall for i hat purpose have ana exercise all such powers and authorities as are by this Act given to such two Commissioners, and as such two Commissioners, or either of them, might have used and exercised for the purposes of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in any case where it shall happen that any Commissioners acting in the execution of this Act shall not agree in settling and ascertaining me amount of such composition, within four calendar months next after their first meeting, and on failure of so agreeing, in case such Commissioners do not appoint such Umpire within such space of four calendar months, such Commissioners shall transmit to the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, a certificate under their hands stating the grounds and causes of the difference between them, and shall from time to time give any information or explanation of their proceedings under this Act which shall be required by the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, as signified by his ar their chief Secretary; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Jre-Utndy by and with the advice and consent of His Majesty’s Privy Council in Ireland, to refer the case for the reconsideration of such Commissioners; and in case such Commissioners shall not, within one calendar month next after such reference, agree either in settling and ascertaining the amount of such composition, or in naming an Umpire for that purpose, it shall than be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, to nominate a person to be such Umpire, and such Umpire shall have all such and the same powers and authorities as if he had been originally appointed by such Commissioners in pursuance of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no person shall be capable of acting as an Umpire in the execution of this Act, whether appointed by Commissioners for the execution of this Act, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, until he shall have taken and subscribedan oath in the following form; (that is to say),

* T A. B. do swear, That 1 will faithfully honestly and impartially, ac-< 1 cording to the best of my skill and ability, execute and perform the

* powers and authorities reposed in me as Umpire by virtue of an Act

* passed in the fourth year of the reign of King George the Fourth, inti‘ tuied [here insert the title of this Act j, in the parish of ac4 cording to the directions of the said Act, and according to equity and good conscience, and without partiality, favour, or.affection, prejudice or malice, to any person or persons whomsoever; and that 1 am not owner or proprietor of any tithes, nor owner nor occupier of any lands subject to the payment of any tithes, or composition for tithes, in the said parish of nor agent or steward of any person so in‘ *?*tod‘' So help me God.

Which oath it shall be lawful for either of the Commissioners by whom

Class II.] Tithes.

such Umpire shall be appointed, or for any Justice of the Peace for the county in which the parish shall be situate, relating to which such Umpire shall be appointed, to administer, and they or any one of them are and is hereby authorized to administer the same; and such oath, when so taken and subscribed by such Umpire, shall be anoexed to the certificate or return of the amount of such composition to be made by such Umpire pursuant to this Act, in mauner herein-after mentioned.

aXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall lie lawful for any Commissioners or Umpire acting under this Act, in case they or he shall think fit so to do, to cause a survey and admeasurement to be made of all the lands and grounds in any such parish, and an estimate of the annual value of all such lands and grounds as shall not be tithe-free, and of the amount of comfiosition for tithes to be made payable in and for such pap mh: and when and as such survey admeasurement and estimate or valuation shall be made and completed, such survey and ail measurement, and estimate or valuation, or a duplicate thereof, shall be deposited by such Commissioners or Umpire with some person at some convenient place in such parish, for the inspection of all persons interested in such lands or tithes; and such Commissioners or Umpire, within seven days next after such survey and admeasurement, ana estimate or valuation shall be deposited, shall give and deliver a notice in writing to the churchwardens of such parish, and to the Incumbent or Impropriator, and other person or persons entitled to any tithes, in such parish, or to the composition or any part of the composition for such tithes, or to the agent of any such person or persons, that such survey and admeasurement, and estimate or valuation have been deposited, and the name of the person with whom the same shall have been deposited, and where the same may be inspected; and shall also in such notice appoint some convenient place within such parish, and a time (not earlier tnao twenty-one days from such notice) when and where such Commissioners or Umpire will attend to hear objections from the Incumbent or Impropriator, or other person or persons entitled to such tithes, or to the composition for the same, or any part thereof or from the owners or occupiers of lands within such parish; who may be dis-satisfied with such survey or estimate or valuation, or either of them, and such Commissioners or Umpire shall attend at the place and time to be appointed; and it shall be lawful for such Commissioners or Umpire to hear and determine any objections, which may be then and there made to such survey or estimate or valuation, or to adjourn the further hearing of such objections, if such Commissioners or Umpire shall think proper, to a future time; and it shall be lawful for such Commissioners or Umpire to examine any person orpersons on oath (or in the case of a Quaker or Quakers on solemn affirmation), touching any such objections (which oath or affirmation any such Commissioner or Umpire is hereby authorized and empowered to administer); and when such Commissioners or Umpire shall bave heard and determined all such objections, if any, as may be so made, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners or Umpire to cause such survey or estimate or valuation to be altered; and if any alteration or alterations shall he made therein, such altered survey or estimate and valuation shall be left and deposited at the same place as the first survey or estimate or valuation was deposited at, for the inspection of all persons interested in the lands or tithes in such parish; and notice in writing shall forthwith be given by such Commissioners or Umpire to the churchwardens of such parish, and to the Incumbent and other person or persons entitled to such tithes or comjHwition for tithes, or any part thereof, of the depositing of such altered or amended survey or estimate or valuation.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any plan, survey, estimate, or valuation, made of all or any part of the lands or tithes in any such parish, shall be produced and laid before such Commissioners or Umpire, of the authenticity and accuracy of which they or he shall be satisfied, it shall and may be lawful to and for them or him to make use of such plan, survey, estimate, or valuation, to assist in the survey and

2761 No. XIII.

4 Geo. IV. ^c. 99.

Commissioners may cause a Survey and Valuation to be made of Lands and Hikes in the Pariah,

and within seven dap rive notice of us be-tag deporited* and may after twenty-one days hear Objections thereto, and the

Old Surveys may be u«ed if the Commissioners, Ac. c., think proper.

276m No. XIII. 4 Geo. IV. c. 99.

Power to enter loads.

When General 8urvey of Ireland made, no particular Survey shall be made of any Pariah.

Two Comrais-sio&ers, or Umpire, shall make and sign Certificate of amount of Composition, subjoining the then price of Wheat or Oats (according to the prevalent growth of the county) on average of seven years, and transmit such Certificate to the Bishop, &c., to be recorded in the Registry of the Diocese, and also send copies to the Incumbent and Tithe Owners.

Where Composition exceeds the seven years’ average, Com* missioners shall state their re *, sons for such increase on their Certificate of Composition

Tithes. [Part II.

estimator valuation directed by this Act to be made, without causing any

new survey or estimate to be made of such land or tithes.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Commissioners or Umpire for carrying this Act into execution, and for the surveyor to be employed as aforesaid, and for any person or persons employed as clerk assistant or servant to such Commissioners or Umpire, or Surveyor respectively, and he and they is and are hereby empowered and authorized, for the purposes of this Act, to enter into and upon all and every or any of the lands and grounds in any such parish, without being subject to any action or molestation for so doing.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever and as soon as any general survey of Ireland shall be made and completed under the authority of any Act or Acts to be made for that purpose, or whenever and as soon as any survey of any parish in Ireland shall be made and completed as part of such general survey, such general survey or such survey of such parish shall be applied to the purposes of this Act, in any parish which shall be contained in or shall form part of such general survey.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That when any two Commissioners appointed under this Act, or any Umpire named by such Commissioners, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, in pursuance of this Act, shall have finally agreed upon, or shall have ascertained and fixed the amount of composition to be paid for tithes in any parish under the provisions of this Act, such Commissioners or Umpire, as the case may be, shall make and sign a certificate, according to the form in Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed, or in such other form as the nature of the case may require, stating the amount of the true and just composition which shall thenceforth be paid in satisfaction of all tithes in such parish, and in what proportions such composition shall be paid or divided to or amongst the party or parties entitled to such tithes, or any particular share or proportion of such tithes; and such Commissioners or Umpire shall subjoin to such certificate or statement of the average price of wheat or oats (whichever of the two they shall consider as the corn principally grown in such county) for the period of seven years next preceding the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and twenty-one, calculated upon the returns advertised in the Dublin Gazette during such seven years; and such Commissioners or Umpire shall transmit such certificate to the Bishop of the diocese in which such parish shall be situate, and shall also transmit a duplicate of such certificate, made and signed in like manner, to the Registrar of such Bishop, to be entered and recorded in the registry of such diocese, and such certificate shall be entered and recorded accordingly; and such Commissioners or Umpire shall also transmit or deliver one copy of such certificate to the churchwardens of such parish, and one other copy to the Incumbent of such parish, and one copy thereof to any and every person, or body politic, corporate, or collegiate, or corporation, entitled to any part or proportion of such composition for tithes; and every such copy shall be signed with the names or name, in the proper handwriting of such Commissioners or Umpire by-whorq such certificate shall be made.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in any case where it ' shall happen that any Commissioners or Umpire acting in the execution

of this Act shall, in the ascertaining and fixing the amount of any composition to be paid for tithes in any parish, have increased the amount of such composition beyond the average amount of such tithes during seven years preceding the first day of November one thousand eight hundred -and twenty-one, by adding any sum or sums of money to such average amount, the said Commissioners or Umpire shall subjoin to the certificate of the amount of such composition a statement of the average amount of such tithes for such seven years, and also the amount of the sum or sums added to such average amount, and by which such composition shall be so increased beyond such average amount^ together with the

Class II.] Tithes.

grounds and reasons upon which sum or sums was or were so added to such average amount as aforesaid.

XXV£I. Provided always, and be it enacted, that if the Incumbent of any parish entitled to any tithes or portion of tithes in such parish, and' the Impropriator of any tithes or portion of tithes in any parish, or other person or persons, or body politic or corporate or collegiate, or corporation aggregate or sole, entitled to any tithes or any portion of tithes in any pansh, shall agree to receive any fixed annual sum or sums as the amount of the composition to be paid for all tithes in any parish payable to him or them, and shall signify such agreement in writing, stating the amount of the sum or of the several sums so agreed to, ami shall have obtained die assent of the Bishop of the diocese and of the patron of the benefice to such agreement, to be signified in writing, and signed by such Bishop and Patron respectively; and if such agreement shad be assented to, and accepted at some vestry, or adjourned vestry, to be holden in pursuance of this Act, at which not less than seven persons entitled to vote therein shall be present, and such assent and acceptance shall be certified by the chairman of such vestry to the Commissioners or Umpire who may be appointed under this Act; then and in such case upon the production of such certificate to such Commissioners or Umpire, by or on behalf of the Incumbent or other person or persons by whom such agreement was made or entered into, such agreement shall be binding and conclusive upon such Commissioners or Umpire; and the sum or sums-so agreed upon shall be inserted by such Commissioners or Umpire in the certificate of the amount of such composition to be made by such Commissioners or Umpire as aforesaid, as if the same had been ascertained by such Commissioners or Umpire in manner required by this Act: Provided nevertheless, that if it shall appear to suen Commissioners or Umpire that the amount of the composition specified in such agreement

gfmade payable to any Incumbent or other person having an estate less an fee simple in such tithes, or any portion thereof,) shall be below the average amount of the sums actually paid during such seven years as aforesaid, in respect of the tithes for which such composition shall be so agreed to be received, such Commissioners or Umpire shall state' and certify their opinion to that effect; and in such case such Commissioners or Umpire shall insert in their certificate of the amount of such composition a sum equal to such average amount of the sums paid during such seven years{ and such sum shall be stated as and for the amount of the composition ascertained and certified by such Commissioners or Umpire.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That within three days after the copy of such certificate of any Commissioners of the amount of any such composition shall have been received by the churchwardens of any parish, such churchwardens shall cause public notice to be given, in the usual manner of giving notices for holding vestries in such parish, that a Special Vestry of. persons qualified according to this Act^will be holden on some day to be named in such notice, being not less than seven days nor more than fourteen days distant from the publishing of such notice, for the purpose of taking into consideration such certificate of such Commissioners; and such vestry so assembled may proceed to take such certificate into consideration, and may adjourn from time to time to any day not more than ten days distant from the first day of meeting; and if at such first day of meeting, or at any adjourned meeting of such vestry, which shall be held on any day not more than ten days distant from such first day of meeting, it shall be determined that an appeal shall be made against such certificate on account of any thing therein contained or omitted therefrom, to the prejudice of such parish, it shall be lawful for such vestry to direct that such appeal shall be made to the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, in council, in the name of such vestry, on behalf of the said parish; and the

Sounds of such appeal shall be stated in writing, and shall be signed by e chairman of such vestry, and shall be transmitted by him, within twV days after such meeting, to the clerk of the Privy Council; and in like

276 u No. XIII.

4 Geo. IV. c. 99.

Where Incumbent, Impropriator, Sec. shall agree to receive a fixed aura (not less than the avenge of the Mount paid for •even preceding years), as a composition for all Tithes^ndsuch Agreementahall be assented to by the Veatry, such Agreement shall bind the Commissioner *, and such sum shall be inserted in Certificate of

Vestry or Incumbent may appeal to Lord Lieutenant in Council against the Certificate.

276 o

No. XIII.

4 Geo. IV. 99.

c.

Lord Ueuten-ant tod Council

3

Urtw. [Part II.

manner ft shall be lawful for any Incumbent or Impropriator, or body politic or corporate or collegiate, or any person or persons entitled to any tithes or portion of tithes in any parish, or tbd Patron of the benefice (or where the King shall be Patron, the Attorney General in Ireland), who shall think themselves aggrieved by any thing contained in or omitted from such certificate, to appeal to the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, in council, at any time within one calendar month next after the time when the duplicate ofsuch certificate shall have been deposited with the Registrar of the diocese as aforesaid; and such appeal, together with the grounds and reasons thereof iu writing, shall be lodged with the clerk of the Privy Council within such calendar month; and in all cases of appeal, whether on behalf of the pariah or of the Incumbent or other party entitled to tithes, notice of such appeal shall be inserted, by or on behalf of the party appellant, in the iSabtin Gazette, once in two successive weeks after such appeal shall have been lodged with the clerk of the council as aforesaid.

aXIX. And be it farther enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors, by and with the advice ap. and consent of His Majesty’s Privy Council in Iceland, to bear and demand modify termme such appeal, and to make such order for the confirming, or lor the decreasing, or increasing, or modifying the amount of the composition stated in such certificate, as to such Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors, and council, shall seem consonant to the true intent and meaining of this Act; and such certificate, and the amount of the composition as ascertained thereby, and the entry of such certificate in the registry of the diocese, shall be altered and amended in such manner as shall be directed by the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors, and Privy Council.

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever any such appeal shall be brought liefore the Lord Lieutenant or other chief go- " vernor or governors of Ireland, in council, it shall be lawful for the lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors, by and with the advice of His Majesty’s Privy Council, to refer the matter of such appeal to the next going Judge of Assize in the county in which the parish snail be situate, to which such appeal shall relate; and it shall be lawful for such Judge at the next ensuing Assizes to be holden for such county, to hear and determine the merits ofsuch appeal, and to make such order for the confirming, or annulling, or abating, or modifying the amount of such composition, as the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, ill council, might have done under this Act; and such certificate, and the amount of the composition ascertained thereby, and the entry thereof in the registry of the diocese, shall be altered and amended accordingly.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the certificate of such Commissi-'ners or Umpire as aforesaid shall be conclusive evidence of the amount of such composition, and that such composition was duly fixed and ascertained pursuant to the directions of this Act; and such certificate, and the amount of the composition thereby fixed and ascertained, shall be valid and effectual to ail intents and purposes whatsoever, from and after the registry of such certificate, unless in case of such appeal against the same in manner herein-before mentioned; and in case ofsuch appeal, then from and after the determination of such appeal; and such certificate sliatl not tie otherwise disputed or called in question, or invalidated to any manner whatever, on account of or under pretext of sny informality or irregularity with respect to any proceedings had under this Act at any time previous to the making of such certificate; and the com•k?/" P°*l*‘ P°ritkm specified in such certificate shall take effect from the first day of tton snail com- tfwintirer j, ext ensuing the date of such certificate, and shall continue to enT bsvied lor the term of twenty-one years from such first day of AWwtor, and •hal^con- sw*, jcct 011 ty suc^ variation as may be made in the amount thereof, tinue for 21 according to the price of Wheat or oats in any period of three wwrs, ac-years from such 1st Nov. and shall suspend the ri^ht of taking Tithes, iiif arty payment for Tithes, other than such Composition, for such 21 yens, subject to variation in price of Wheat or Oats every three years.

Lord Lieutenant end Council may refer appeal to the next going Judge of Assize.

Certificate shall be conclusive evidence of Composition, and shall not be invalidated by informality in any previous proceedings.

Clm II.] Tithes.

cording to the provisions herein-after oqptained; and from and after the registry of such certificate, or after the determination of such appeal, as the case may be, the composition mentioned in such certificate, or to be ascertained upon such ametl as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be, ami to amount in law and in fact to a suspension of the right of claiming or taking the tithes for which such composition shall be made, or of any payment in respect of such tithes, other than the amount of such composition, for and during such term of twenty-one years; and all and every the owners and occupiers of any land in such parish shall, during the said term of twenty-one years, hold such land free and discharged of and from all tithes, and of and from all payments in respect of tithes, other than the amount of such composition: and no such tithes, nor any payment in lieu or satisfaction of such tithes, other than such composition, shall at any time during’ such term of twenty-one years be claimed or taken by any incumbent, or any other person or persons whomsoever, either at owner or lessee of such tithes or any portion of tithes within such parish, any law, statute, custom, or usage, or any lease covenant or agreement to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and such composition shall be subjeotamf liable to aU such charges as die tithes in respect of which such composition shall have been made were by law subject and liable to; Provided always, that when any owner or occupier of any land out of which any such tithes shall have been issuing shall be liable, by or under any covenant, to the payment of any sum or sums of money to the party emitted to such tithes, as and for the rent of such tithes, such owner or occupier shall, during the continuance of such covenant, pay such rent or sum to the person or persons entitled to the same, - and such rent shall be received by such person or persons in lieu of such portion of such composition as shall be assessed and appiotted upon such occupier in respect of such laud.

XXXII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That no proceedings under this Act for effecting any composition for tithes shall take away or affect any right or claim to tithes which shall Itave accrued due before the Hime at which the composition specified in any such certificate is hereby directed to take effect, but all such tithes, and any coraposi'tioos or sum or sums of money payable in lieu thereof, shall and may be recovered and recoverable in like manner, and by the same forms of proceeding, as if this Act hoi not passed.

XXXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein oon-tained shall extend or be construed to extend to or in anywise to affect or alter the powers or provisions of an Act passed in the third year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable Ecclesiastical PtTMMt and oifnrt, in Ireland, to grant Leases af Tithes so os to hind their Succt tsors.

' XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That before the expiration of four calendar months after the first day of November next after the making and signing of such certificate, the Commissioners or Umpire by whom sut h certificate shall be so niede and signed shall, and they or he are and is hereby reciuire'd to assess and applot the full amount ol such composition up«»n all laud within such parish, not being tithe*free, equally in proportion, and according to the true annual value of the several lands; and the sums so assessed and appJoib'd shall be paid from time to time* by the occupiers of such land for the time being, or by the owners of such land occupying the same; and such assessment am) applot merit shall state the whole number of acres of land in such parish to be charged with the payment of such composition, ll*e several sorts and qualities of such land in such parish, and the several districts or pai ts of the parish in which such land shall be situate respectively, and the rate or sum to be charged by the acre, ox less quantity, on each of the several sorts and qualities of land, so that the whole amount of such coni|>oshion may be raised as equally as possible on all the lands in the parish not being tithe-free; and such assessment and applotment shall also state and set forth die proportion in which the rates or sums imposed on any land inDifopecf of

276P

No. XIII.

4 Geo. IV. c. 99.

Composition liable to moot

Tithes.

Rent of Tithes shell he paid in lieu of Composition.

Pmiao tor Tithes *n before composition made.

Not to affect 3 G. 4. c. 125. for leasing Tithes.

Amount of Coni posit ion shall be assessed sod appiotted by Com mis-sionen pa all land not Tithe-free, payable by the Occupiers,

mq

No. XIII.

4 Geo. IV. c. 99.

Such Amem-nmt to be entered in a book, and ligned by

No land dull be exempted from Amca£ ment solely in respect of barren cattle agisted, nor in respect of any depending cUam of exemption from Tithe.

Where lands assessed to Composition shall be afterwards declared exempted, theOc-copier charged therewith shall be repaid, Ac. c.

Copies of Assessment shell be delirered by Commissioners to the Incumbent and other persons entitled . to th©Composition, to be levied by half-yearly payments after 1st May and 1st Nov. in each year.

Tithes. [Part II.

such composition shall be parable by the occupier of such land, or by the owner occupying such land from time to time for the time being, to and among the several persons entitled to such composition, or any part thereof according to the certificate herein-before mentioned; and every such assessmment or applotment shall be signed by the Commissioners or Umpire by whom the same shall be made; and every such assessment and applotment so made shall be entered in a book to be delivered by such Commissioners or Umpire to, and to be carefully kept in the custody of the resident ecclesiastical Incumbent or Minister of such parish, or if there shall not be any such resident ecclesiastical Incumbent or Minister, then in the custody of the churchwardens of such parish, or in subh other place and in the custody of such person as shall be ordered and directed by such Commissioners or Umpire as aforesaid; and such book shall be open for the inspection of every occupier of land in the said parish, at all reasonable times, without fee or reward; and it shall be lawful for any such owner or occupier, at his own expense, to take any extract or copy of such assessment or applotment, or any part thereof.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no land, nor the occupier of any land, nor any owner of land occupying the same, shall be exempted from any assessment or applotment to be made under this Act, nor from the payment of any part of any sum assessed or applotted under this Act, solely upon the ground that dry or barren cattle have been fed or agisted on such land, or any part thereof; and that any claim of exemption, or the pendency of any action or suit in law or equity, respecting any alleged exemption of any lands from the payment of tithe, snail not prevent or delay the applotment or assessment of any part or portion ot such composition upon such lands, nor the payment of such part or portion when ascertained and fixed according to the regulations of this Act; and in case it shall happen that after any such applotment and assessment of any such composition shall have been maae in any parish, any land in such parish made subject to the payment of any part of such composition shall, by virtue of any decision 10 law or equity, be declared to be exempted from the payment of tithes, it shalf be lawful for any two or more Justices of the Peace assembled in Petty Session, to assess and applot the sum formerly assessed on such' lands so exempted? in proportion upon the occupiers ot all other lands within such parish, not being tithe-free, according to the nature and auality of the several lands holden by such occupiers respectively; ana also to assess and applot upon the occupiers of such other lands any such sum and sums of money as shall be sufficient to repay to the occupier of the lands so .exempted all such sums as shall have been paid in respect of any former composition made by virtue of this Act, at any time after the claim shall have been made on which such exemption shall have been decided; and such last-mentioned sum and sums of money shall be collected by the person or persons appointed to collect such composition, and shall by such person or persons be paid over to the occupier of such land so exempted, in such manner and under such regulations as. shall be made by suen Justices for that purpose.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, that copies of every assessment and applotment made by any Commissioners or Umpire under this Act shall De made and attested by the Commissioners or Umpire, by whom such assessment or applotment shall be made, and shall be by them or him delivered to the Ecclesiastical Incumbent of such parish, and to all and- every person and persons, or body politic or corporate or collegiate, or corporation, entitled to any portion of such composition, or to his or their agent, or to any person or persons appointed to collect such composition, or any portion thereof respectively, by or on behalf of such Incumbent or other person or persons, or body politic or corporate or collegiate, or corporation; and it shall be lawful fur any person or persons appointed for that purpose by such Incumbent or other person or persons, or body politic or corporate or collegiate, or corporation, and such person or persons so appointed are hereby authorized to collect anfr^vy such

Class II.J Tithes. 276 r

compositions, or such part thereof as such Incumbent or other person or No. XIII. persons, or body politic or corporate or collegiate, or corporation, shall be Geo IV entitled to, by two equal half-yearly payments in each year, the one’ *

whereof shall be and become due on the first day of May, and the other . c\ _ m on the first day of November, in each and every year, during the continuance of such composition.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That upon the death, Apportionment cession, resignation, or removal of the Incumbent of any parish, or of any of Half-yearly other person or persons entitled to any such composition lor tithes, or any Composition on part snare or proportion thereof, at any time in the half-year between the death of Incum-first day of November and the first day of May, or in the half year between bent between the first day of May and the first day of November respectively, every such Incumbent, or his executors administrators or assigns, and every v

such other person or persons, shall be entitled to and shall receive so much and such part of the composition payable to such Incumbent or other person or persons, as shall be in proportion, to the number of days elapsed between the first day of November or the first day of May next preceding the death, cession, resignation, or removal of such Incumbent or other person or persons, and the day of the death, cession, resignation, or removal of such Incumbent, or other person or persons.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the original assessment OrigioalAsMii* and applotment made signed and entered in such book as aforesaid, ment shill be shall be conclusive evidence of the amount of the sums payable in re- Evidence of spect of such composition for tithes in any such parish, and of the pro- Sums payable, portion in which such sums shall be payable to the Incumbent, and other person or persons, or body politic or corporate or collegiate, or corporation, entitled to the whole or any part of such composition; and that the Composition amount of such composition, and of the several portions thereof payable ^2\\bea preaccording to such assessment and applotment, and all arrears thereof ferable charge from time to time, not exceeding the amount of one whole year of such ontbeLand(noc composition, shall be a charge on the lands specified in such assessment exceeding one and applotment during the continuance of such composition, and shall Year'aAmount), be payable by die occupier or occupiers of such lands, or by the owner of and leviable by suen lands occupying the same tor the time being, according to the Collectors quantity of such lands which each such occupier shall from time to time °fthc lucum-hold and occupy; and that it shall be lawful for the Incumbent, and for bent.» every or any other person or persons, or body politic or corporate or *"?ie* *nmled, collegiate, or corporation, entitled to such composition, or any part share *'^rccovciamc or portion thereof, to receive the amount of such composition or or such part M lum* share or portion thereof, or to cause the same to be levied upon the several lands specified in such assessment and applotment, and ou the several occupiers of such lands for the time being, in preference to any other charge upon such lands, whether for rent, or for any taxes or assessments, parliamentary or other, and in preference to any other charge whatever upon such lands, by all the ways and means allowed by law for the recovery of rent; and it shall and may be lawful for any collector or person appointed to collect and levy such composition, or any part thereof, by the Incumbent, or other person or persons, or body politic or corporate or collegiate, or corporation, entitled to such composition, or any part thereof, to collect ana levy the amount of such composition from time to time as the same shall become due; and every such collector so appointed shall collect and levy, and is hereby authorized empowered and required to collect and levy all and every sum and sums of money which shall become due from time to time, in respect of such composition, to the Incumbent, or other person, or body politic or corporate or collegiate, or corporation, in whose behalf such collector shall be appointed to levy the xecut, <?"°J same; and every such Incumbent Impropriator or other person or per- gub*r^°cw!* sons entitled to such composition, shall, in case of any execution levied, position °one or any distress made upon any land, or upon any cattle goods or chattels y^r'e Arream upon any land, or in any house situate on any land, liable to the payment thereof shall be of such composition, or any part thereof, be entitled in the first place fxr paid in prefer-receive out of the produce of such distress all arrears (not exceeding one whole year’s amount) of any composition for tithes payable in respect of other demux* such land, or in respect of any laud of which such lauu shall form a part,

Vn» I T

276 *

No. Xltf.

4 tieo. IV. c. 99.

Parties aggriev-td by Assess* meat or Applet* ment may appeal to Quarter Sessions, who may amend the

On failure of Assessment by Commissioners, the Cmn position shall be levied according to the Parish Cess.

Takes. ' [Part II.

In preference to any debt, rent, taxes, or sum or sums whatever, for which such execution shall be levied, or such distress made; any law, statute, usa<re, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any person shall feel himself or herself aggrieved by or dis-satisfied with the rate or sum at which any land shall be assessed in such assessment or applotment, as compared with the rale or amount payable in respect of any other land in the same parish under such assessment or applotment, it shall be lawful for such person so feeling himself or herself so aggrieved, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or any adjournment thereof, for the county or place in which such parish shall be situate, giving such notice and entering into such recoguuance as is herein-after provided; and it shall be lawful for such Justices to order any such alteration or amendment to be made in such assessment or applotment as shall appear to them to be requisite and necessary according to the justice of the case, as well in the amount of the assessment made on the land of the party appealing, as in the amount of the assessment on the land of any other party or parties mentioned in such appeal; and the determination of such Justices in Session shall be binding final and conclusive on all parties, to all intents and purposes, and the assessment or applotment snail be amended accordingly in the book in which the same shall have Iteen originally entered, pursuant to this Act, and a re-assessment or re-applotvnent, between such parties and persons only, shall be made pursuant to the directions of such Justices, as the case may require, and such amendment shall be signed in such book by the chairman present at such Session; and such book so amended, and such reassessment or re»applotment, shall be thenceforth conclusive evidence of the sum due in respect of such land: Provided always, that no diminution or alteration shall be made in the total amount of such composition, or of the whole sum to be raised in such parish, by any such amendment of any such assessment or applotment, but that the effect of such amendment shall be the equal assessment on the lands of the parties appealing and appealed against, of their several shares and proportions of the whole of suen composition and assessment.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, that in case such assessment and applotment of such comoosition shall not be made within four calendar months next after such first day of November, then ami in such case, and until such assessment and applotment shall be so made, it shall be lawful for any person or persons appointed to collect such composition, or any portion thereof, respectively to collect and levy the same according to the last applotment or assessment made in such parish for the levying of any parish cess raised in such parish; and every collector of such parish cess shall, whenever thereto required by or on behalf of the Incumbent or other person or persons entitled to suen composition or any portion thereof, deliver to or for the use of such Incumbent or other person or persons a true copy of the last applotment or assessment made and in force in such parish in respect of the parish cess payable therein; and the-sereral persons liable to the payment of any such applotment nr assessment shall be liable to die payment of the full amount of the half-yearly payments of such composition under this Act, and the full amount of every such half-yearly payment shall be levied on all such persons respectively, in proportion to die amount of the several assessments made on them in respect of such parish cess; and it shall lie lawful for every collector of such composition, or any portion thereof, and every such collector is hereby res| ectively authorised and required to collect and levy such composition, and the several parts snd proportions thereof payable by any such persons liable to the payment of such parish ccss, with the like powers and, authorities, and in like manner to all intents and purposes, as if such assessment had been duly made by such Commissioners or Umpire as aforesaid.

Owners of Land XLl. And be it further enacted, That whenever, tinder the provisions

; u any Parish of this Act, any composition shall be made for the tithes pijfiQinn any for the Thbts of which Composition is made under this Act, shall let such Land Tithe-free, and the Occupier paying the Compc si lion may deduct it out of his Kent.

Class II.] Tithes.

parish, every person who shall afterwards let set or demise any land lying within such parish, at a rack-rent, shall make such lease or demise free from the payment of tithes during the continuance of such composition; and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the lessee or occupier of such land, and every such lessee or occupier is hereby authorized and required to pay the amount of such composition as shall be due from time to»time, in respect of the lands demised by such lease, to the Incumbent and other person, or body politic or corporate or collegiate, or corporation, entitled to such composition, or any part thereof, or to the person or persons employed to collect such composition; and it shall be lawful for such lessee or oceupier of such land to deduct the amount of all such payments from time to time out of the amount of rent payable by such lessee or occupier of such land to his immediate landlord; and the receipt or acquittance of the Incumbent or Impropriator, or other person, or body politic or corporate or collegiate, or corporation, entitled to such composition, or any part thereof, or of his or their collector, or the receipt of any such collector, having levied any such composition, or any. part thereof, under the authority of this Act, and which receipt such collector is hereby required to give whenever the same shall be demanded, shall be a good and sufficient discharge to the lessee or occupier of such land, for so much of the rent payable by such lessee or.occupier to such landlord, as the sum specified in such receipt to be the proportion of such composition paid by such lessee or occupier shall amount unto; and every such landlord shall accept such receipt in payment of so much of the rent payable by such lessee or occupier to nim:Provided always, that in cases where either the landlord or the occupier of any such land shall be one of the persuasion of the people called Quakers, the receipt of any collector having collected or levied any such composition, or any part thereof, and which receipt such collector is hereby required to give in such case, whether the same shall be demanded or not, shall express the whole sum paid or satisfied by such lessee or occupier, including, in the case of levy, the expences of such levy; and such receipt being produced to such landlord, such landlord shall accept the same in payment (or shall suffer the amount thereof to be deducted as in payment) of so much of the rent payable to him by such lessee or occupier, as shall be equal to the whole of such sum: Provided also that the receipt of such landlord for the sum which shall remain due for such rent, after deducting the amount of the composition specified in the receipt of such collector, shall be taken and received by such tenant (the said tenant retaining the receipt of such collector) as a full discharge for the whole amount of rent due: Provided also, that every such lease shall contain a proviso, that in case such composition shall cease and determine at any time during the continuance of such lease, the rent reserved in such lease shall be reduced in amount by a sum equal to the amount of such composition:Provided also, that no deduction on account of composition of tithes under this Act shall be held to be a discharge of any portion of any gale, or quarterly or other payment of rent, due by such lessee or occupier of such land, so as to prejudice the right of such landlord to recover the possession of such land by ejectment for non-payment of the rent thereof, in any case where the remaining portion of such gale shall be unpaid; but that it shall and may be lawful for such landlord to proceed for the recovery of such land by ejectment, as effectually as if the entire gale, or quarterly or other payment of rent, out of which such deduction is hereby allowed, had remained wholly due and unpaid to such landlord.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That so much and such parts of an Act made in the Parliament of Iieland in the first year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more easy recovery of Tithes, and other Ecclesiastical Dues of small Value; and of an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the seventh year of the reign of His late-> Majesty King George the Third, for continuing and amending an Actofj the third year of His said late Majesty’s reign, made for amending and 6., shall be applied for Recovery from Quakers of Composition for Tithes’•Ttt

276 t No.xm.

4 Geo. IV. c. 99.

Quakers being Landlords or Tenants.

Bedactions on account of Tithe* shall not be a Discharge to prevent Ejectments for Non-payment, if any part remains unpaid, (0 the Landlord.

Provisions of Irish Act 1 G. 2, c. 12. and of 7G.3. c. 21. s. 11 ., for Reco very of Tithes, as attended by 54 G. 3. c. 68. i under this Act

276

No. xm. 4 Geo. IV. c. 99.

Between lit May and 1st

Oct. in the Third Year after 1st Not. from which Composition shall hare commenced (and so in every subsequent Third Year), the Incumbent, or Tithe Owners, or Three Landholders charged with 3/. a-year to Composition Money (on notice given on two Sundays, the last being eight days previous to Sessions), may apply to Quarter Sessions to alter amount of Composition for ensuing Three Years, in proportion to Average Price of Wheat or Oats for Three Years preceding.

Tithes. [Part II.

explaining an Act of the thirty-thinl year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, For Tithes, as relates to proceedings against the people called Quakers, refusing to set out or pay or compound for tithes, for the recovery of such tithes, not exceeding the sum of ten pounds, and also so much of an Act made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom in the fifty-fourth year of the reign of His said late Majesty, intitule An Act for the better Regulation of Ecclesiastical Courts m Ireland, and for the more easy Recovery of Church Rates and Tithes, as extend? the said provisions of the said Act of the seventh year of His said late Majesty’s reign to any value not exceeding fifty pounds, shall extend and be construed to extend, and shall be applied and put in execution for the recovery of any composition for tithes, or any part thereof, which. shall lie payable under this Act in respect of any land in the occupation of any of the people called Quakers, or whereof any Quaker shall be owner or proprietor, in all cases, where the occupier of such land, or the owner occupying such land shall refuse to pay such composition, or any part thereof, to all intents and purposes as if such composition had been in force at the 'time of the making of the said recited Acts.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That at any time between the first day of May and the first day of October in the third year next after the first day of November on which any composition for tithes under this Act shall commence in any parish under the provisions of this Act, and in like manner at any time between the first day of May and the first day of October in every subsequent third year during the continuance of suen composition, but in no other or intermediate year, it shall and may be lawful for the ecclesiastical Incumbent of such parish, or for any other person or persons, or body corporate or collegiate, or corporation sole or aggregate, entitled to suen composition, or any part thereof, or for any three or more owners or occupiers of land in such parish charged with the payment of the sum of three pounds or upwards each, in respect of any such composition, to cause a notice in writing, signed by such Incumbent or other person or persons, or by the steward or agent of any such body corporate or collegiate or corporation, or by such owners or occupiers of land, to be affixed on the principal outer door of the church of such parish, or if there shall not be any church in such parish, then upon the principal outer door of every known place of religious worship in such parish, on two successive Sundays, the last of such Sundays not being less than eight days previous to the day of holding the then ensuing Quarter Sessions for the peace in the county in which such parish shall be situate, signifying that it is the intent of such Incumbent or other person or persons, or body corporate, or corporation, or owners or occupiers of land, to make application to the Justices of the Peace at such Quarter Sessions to have the average price of wheat or oats for the three years preceding inquired of and ascertained, in order that such composition may be varied and increased or diminished for the ensuing three years, in proportion to such average price; and it shall be lawful for the persons or parties by or on whose behalf such notice shall have been so given, to make such application to such Justices at such Quarter Sessions, in writing, for such purpose accordingly; and thereupon it shall be lawful for such Justices, and they are hereby required, at such sessions, or any adjournment thereof, to ascertain the average pi ice of good marketable wheat or oats within the said county, for the term of three years next preceding such application; and for that purpose it shall be lawful for the said Justices at such Quarter Sessions (if they shall think fit so to do) to nominate and appoint a person to be an arbitrator for ascertaining the average price of the barrel of good marketable wheat or oats within such county for the term of three years then last past; and such arbitrator is hereby authorized and required, from the Dublin Gazette, to ascertain the price of a barrel of good marketable wheat or oats, upon the average of such term of three years preceding, and to state and set forth such average price by his report in writing, under his hand, to be delivered to the Justices at such session, or some adjournment thereof, or at such time

Class II.] Tithes.

as such Justices shall direct; and if it shall appear that the average price of wheat, where wheat shall have been taken as the measure of composition for tithes in such county, or that the average price of oats, where oats shall have been taken as the measure of composition for tithes in such county, for such three years preceding, is more or less by one tenth than the average price thereof set forth in the original certificate of such composition, then and in such case the amount of such composition shall be increased or diminished, by order of such Justices at such session, in such manner and to such extent that the amount of such composition payable for and during the next ensuing three years shall bear the like proportion to the amount of the composition set forth in such original certificate, as the average price of wheat or oats so ascertained at the time of such application shall bear to the price thereof set forth in such original certificate; and such revised or new composition shall be divided among the several parties entitled to receive the same, in such shares and proportions as shall be stated in the certificate made of the original composition; and the assessment and applotment of such composition shall be increased or diminished by the order of such Justices, so as to bear the*like proportions to the amount of the composition payable for and during such three years, as the original assessment ana applotment did bear to such original composition; and such revised and new composition shall be in full.force for three years from the first day of November then next ensuing, and until such composition shall afterwards, upon a like application, be again varied and ascertained, according to the average price of wheat during the term of three years then last past; and the several parties are hereby respectively authorized to make such further applications from time to time, alter the expiration of every term of three years during the continuance of such composition, in such or the like manner and form as herein-before mentioned and directed with respect to the first application; and the costs charges and expences of every such application to the Court of Quarter Sessions, and of varying and re-ascertaining the amount of such composition and the applotment thereof as aforesaid, shall be defrayed by the person or persons who shall give such notice and make such application as aforesaid, or in such other .manner as such Justices at such Quarter Sessions shall order and direct. '

XLIV. And be it declared and enacted, That from and immediately after the expiration of the term of twenty-one years for which any composition for tithes in any parish shall be made under the authority of this Act, all right and claim to such tithes, and all remedies for the recovery of the same, shall revive and be renewed, and such tithes shall be yielded and paid and payable, and recovered and recoverable in all respects, .and to all intents and purposes as if this Act had not been made, and as if no such composition had been made or paid under this Act \ any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the several provisions therein contained, shall extend, and be deemed and construed to extend, to all ecclesiastical persons, and bodies corporate or collegiate, and to all corporations sole or aggregate, and to all Incumbents of parishes, whether rectors vicars or curates, and to all Impropriators and appropriators, and to all and every person and persons whomsoever, ecclesiastical or lay, being the owner or owners of, or entitled to any tithes or portions of tithes in Ireland, as fully and effectually as if all such persons, or bodies corporate or collegiate, or corporations sole or aggregate, were named specified or referred to in the several clauses of this Act, and Jo the known agehts or stewards of all such persons, or bodies corporate, or collegiate, or corporations, duly authorized respectively; ana that all notices by this Act remiired to be given to, and all matters by this Act required to be done by any such person, or body corporate or collegiate, shall and may, in the absence of any such persons, and on behalf of any such body politic or corporate or collegiate, or corporation, be given to and done by any such known agent ot steward duly

276* No. xnr.

4 Geo. IV. c. 99.

If price of Wheat or Oats (according to prevalent growth in the County) in preceding Three Yean varies by one-tenth from Price stated in Certificate of Composition, Composition shill be increased or diminished by thn Sessions for the next Three Years from 1ft Nov.

and so from Three Yean to Three Yean.

After Twenty-one Years, when the Com* position shall cease, all Right to Tithes shall revive.

This Act tor extend to all Persons and Corporations entitled to Tithes, and their Agents

276 y

No. XIII. 4 Geo. IV. c. 99.

Church ward-ant or Persons appointed to act as rock.

Proceedings under this Act

in united Benefices shall be carried on in the several Parishes of such Union.

How proceedings may be had lor executing this Act in Extra-parochial Places.

Tithes, [Part 1L

authorized thereto respectively; gnd all such matters and things which shall be done in the due execution of this Act by any such known agent or steward, duly authorized on behalf of any such person, or body corporate or collegiate, or corporation, shall be as valid and effectual as if the same had been done by such person, or body corporate or collegiate, or corporation, to all intents and purposes whatsoever; and that alt matters by this Act required to be done by or with, relation to the churchwardens of any parish, shall and may he done by or with relation to any one churchwarden where there shall be only one churchwarden in any parish; and in cases where it shall tiappen that there shall not be any churchwarden in any parish, then all matters hv this required to be done by or with relation to the churchwardens of any such parish, shall and may he lawfully done by or with relation to any one or more person or persons to be for that purpose nominated and appointed as ana in lieu and instead of churchwardens or a churchwarden of and for such parish, by order of the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, in case such Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors shall think fit so to do, on the application of the ecclesiastical Incumbent of such parish for such purpose; and all Acts matters and things done am! performed under this Act by or with relation to any such persorf so to be nominated and appointed as and in lieu and instead of a churchwarden, shall be as good and effectual, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if the same were done and performed by the churchwardens or churchwarden of any parish duly appointed according to law.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any two or more parishes shall have" been or shall be united into one benefice under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, such union shall not be considered as one parish for the purposes of this Act, hut the provisions of this Act shall be carried into effect in the several parishes of any such union or united benifices, or any of them; and the ecclesiastical Incumbent and the churchwardens entitled by law to act in or for any such parish as part of such union or united benefice, shall act in and for any such parish in the execution of this Act, as if such parish were and remained a distinct and separate benefice; any such union, or any thing contained in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to such unions, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XLVil. And be it further enacted, That in any one or more place or places being extra-parochial, or where the parish in which any place or places is or are situate is not known, or where the tithes payable are wholly appropriate or impropriate, and the owners or occupiers of the land situate in such place or places are liable to any tithes payable to the same person or persons, ana the number of such owfiers or occupiers shall be too small to furnish a sufficient number of vestrymen, but shall be sufficient in the aggregate so to do, it shall and may be lawful for the person or persons entitled to such tithes, or for any five or more of the owners or occupiers of land qualified as herein-l>efore mentioned, or where there shall not be five such owners or occupiers, then for the persons or a majority of the persons entitled to the lands subject to such tithes as are wholly payable to the same person or persons, to apply to the I/>rd Lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, to give orders and directions that a vestry or meeting shall be held for the carrying into effect the purposes of this Act wim respect to any such place or aggregate places; and in such case it shall be lawful tor the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors, if he or they shall think fit so to do, to direct that a vestry shall be holden for the purposes of this Act, in the church of some parish, which shall be for that purpose appointed by the Bishop of the diocese in which such extraparochial place or places shall be situate; and the Bishop of such, diocese shall, on notice of any such orders or directions of the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors, appoint and nominate some church accord-dingly; and some person or persons shall in such case be nominated by

Class II.]

Tithe*.

276 a No. XIII. 4 Geo. IV. c. 99.

Where Bent fic+ »lequnlmd, the Incumbent shall net set without consent of the Sequestrator.

such Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors to act as churchwarden or churchwardens, for ine carrying this Act into effect with respect to such tithes; and it shall be lawful Tor the persons liable to the payment of county-cess charges in such extra-parochial place or aggregate places, and for the person or persons entitled to such tithes, to meet and appoint Commissioners for ascertaining the composition to be paid for suen tithes, and to do all Acts matters and things respecting the making and carrying into effect of such composition as are required or authorized by this Act to be done by the parishioners and Incumbent of any parish in vestry assembled, or otherwise for the purposes of this Act; and all questions relating to any matter or thing to be done by or at any such vestry shall be determined by the votes of the persons liable to the payment of such county-cess charges, in like manner as is directed in other cases by this Act; and aoy composition made and certified by any Commissioners or Umpire to be for that purpose appointed, with respect to such tithes, shall oe as good valid and effectual, to all intents ana purposes, as any other composition directed or authorized to be made under the provisions of this Act.

XLV111. Provided also, and be it enacted, That whenever any seauest-ration of the profits of any benefice in Ireland shall be made and in force, it shall not be lawful for the Incumbent of such benefice to do any matter or thing whatever in the execution of this Act, for or towards or relating to the making any composition for any tithes or portion of tithes payable to such Incumbent, or for the collectidh or receipt of such composition, without the consent in writing under the hand or hands of the person or persons by whom or on whose behalf such sequestration shall nave been made, or shall have taken place, 90 long as such seauestration shall remain in force; and that all matters and things which shall be done with relation to this Act by any such Incumbent, without the consent of such person or persons in writing as aforesaid, shall be null and void; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any benefice or parish During Vacan-in Ireland shall be vacant of an Ecclesiastical 1 ncumtent, it shall ana may ciea of Bene-be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of fices, Lord Ireland, upon the application or with the consent of the Patron of such Lieutenant, living (or with the consent of the King’s Attorney General in Ireland, in w, th con"1nt cases where the King shall be the Patron), and also with the consent of "

the Bishop of the diocese in which such parish shall be situate, to gi\e ""f t

orders ana directions for the assembling of a Special Vestry in such parish, at any time during such vacancy, for the carrying into eifect the an<|injy appoint purposes ut this Act, to be held according to the directions of this Act, aperaonioact by persons qualified in manner herein-before directed; and in such case forlncumbeot it shall be lawful for such Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or in Execution of governors of Irelaml, to nominate and appoint some person, to be ap- this Act. proved of by the Patron of such benefice and the Bishop of the diocese, to do and perform all Acts matters and things whatsoever which, under the regulations of this Act, are required or authorized to be done by any Incumbent entitled to any tithes or portion of tithes in such parish, for the making a composition for tithes, and for carrying into eifect the purposes of this Act; and in such case all Acts matters and things whatever, which shall be done and performed by such persons so appointed, shall be as good valid and effectual to all intents and purposes, as if such Acts, matters, and things were done and performed by any ecclesiastical Incumbent of such parish, entitled to any tithes or portion of tithes in such parish.

L. And be it further enacted, That the possession and enjoyment of the lands on or out of which any composition shall be charged and payable under this Act, by the occupier of such lands, discharged from the payment of such tithes during the continuance of such composition, and the receipt of such composition by the Incumbent, or other person or

Payment and Receipt of the Composition by the Incumbent, &c. shall be deemed the P<

Payment of the Tithea.

The Pomeasioo of the Land by Occupier discharged of Htbea, and the and

276 a a

No. XIII. 4 Geo. IV. c. 99.

LordUeuU&ant may order advance of Money for carrying this Act into £xecniion in any Pariah, art exceeding 300/. to be repaid by Aaseaunent in addition to Tithe Compo-aition, by Instalments of One-fifth in Five auccesaive Yean.

Krmuneration to Commission-era and Umpire.

Tithes. [Part II.

persons, or body politic or corporate or collegiate, or corporation, entitled to the same, or any proportion thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be in law and in fact tantamount to, and to be the actual possession and enjoyment of such tithes by such Incumbent or other person or persons, or body politic or corporate or collegiate, or corporation, and of his or their successor or successors; and that the payment of any composition, or any part thereof, under this Act, shall be deemed and taken to be the payment of the tithes in satisfaction of which such composition, or any part thereof, shall be payable; and shall and may be scf alleged and insisted upon, in all and every or any proceedings in law and equity in all cases whatsoever.

LI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, to order and direct that any such sum or sums of money as he or they shall think proper shall from time to time be advanced out of the produce of the Consolidated Fund arising in Ireland, for the defraying of any expences to be incurred in the carrying this Act into execution in any parish in Ireland, not exceeding the sum of three hundred pounds with relation to any one parish; and that all such advances shall be made to such persons, at such times, in such manner, and under such rules and regulations, as shall from time to time be ordered and directed by such Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, and as shall signified in the usual manner by the chief secretary of such Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors, or in his absence by the under secretary; and that a certificate of the amount of any money so advanced under the hand of such chief secretary or under secretaty, snail be sent to the treasurer of the county, who shall forthwith direct his warrant to any collector or collectors of the assessments made in such parish under presentments of the grand juiy for the year next after the receipt of such certificate, and it shall be lawful for such collector or collectors, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to collect and levy one-fifth part of the amount of the money contained in such certificate, on and among the owners and occupiers of land in such parish liable to the payment of any composition niaoe under this Act, in exact proportion to the amount of the assessment and applot-ment of the composition or part of the composition payable by such owners or occupiers; and in like manner one other fifth part of such amount in each of the four years next ensuing; and such amount shall be collected and levied by such person authorized to collect and levy the assessments made in such parish under presentments of the grand jury, at such time, and with such powers, and in like manner in all respects, as such assessments may be collected and levied; and all money so collected in respect of such advance shall be paid over, by the person receiving the same, to the collector of excise for the district in which such parish shall be situate, to be accounted for by him as any other public money in his hands; and the receipt of such collector of excise shall be a sufficient acquittance to the collector of such assessment, and shall be allowed accordingly in his account with the treasurer of the county.

LII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no person employed as a Commissioner or Umpire in the execution of this Act shall receive any higher or greater sum or payment or remuneration for the performance of his duty under this Act, than after the rate of one pound and ten shillings for every day during which he shall of necessity be employed in the execution of the duties required to be performed by him under this Act, over and above the necessary expences of travelling, and other expences necessarily and actually incurred in the discharge of such duties; and that an account of the attendance of every such Commissioner or Umpire, and of such his expences of travelling, and other his necessary expences, shall be stated under the hands of the Commissioners or Umpire acting in execution of this Act; and that the charges and accounts of any surveyor to be employed under this Act shall be examined certified and approved by the Commissioners or Umpire under whom such surveyor shall be employed; and that all and every such accounts and charges of

Class II.] Tithes.

such Commissioners Umpire and Surveyor, shall be submitted to and examined and approved by some competent person or persons, to be for that purpose appointed by the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, before payment of the same shall be made under

276 h b

No. XIII.

4 Geo. IV.

c. 99.

Payment of Advances to

far Incumbent.

Recovery of PenakMsbffcm One Justice of Peace,

lieutenant, or other chict governor or governors of Ireland, for the payment of any Commissioner appointed by or on behalf of the Incumbent Impropriator or other person or persons entitled to the composition of tithes in such parish, or any portion of such composition, shall be paid out of the amount of such composition payable to such Incumbent Impropriator or other person or persons, at such time and in such manner as shall from time to time be directed by such Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all penalties and forfeitures inflicted or imposed by this Act (the recovery and application whereof are not before provided for), may, in case of non-payment thereof, be recovered in a summary way by the order and adjudication of any one Justice of the Peace for the county or place in which such penalty shall be incurred, on complaint to him for that purpose exhibited, and shall afterwards be levied, as well as the costs of such proceedings, in case of non-payment, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender or offenders, or person or persons liable to pay the same, by warrant under the band and seal of such Justice; and such Justice is hereby authorized and required to summon before him any witness or witnesses, and to examine such witness or witnesses upon qpth (or affirmation) of and con* ceraing such offences matters or tilings, ana to hear and determine the same; and the overplus (if any) of the money so levied or recovered, after discharging the fine penalty or forfeiture, for which such warrant shall be issued, and the costs and expences of recovering and levying the same, shall be returned upon demand to the owner or owners of the goods or chattels so seized or distrained; and in case such penalties or forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid upon conviction, then it shall be lawful for such Justice to order the offender or offenders so convicted to be detained and kept in safe custody until return can be conveniently made to such warrant of distress, unless the offender or offenders shall give sufficient security, to the satisfaction of such Justice, for his or their appearance before such Justice on such day or days as shall be appointed for the return of such warrant of distress, such day or days not being more than seven days from the time of taking any such security, and which security the said Justice is hereby empowered to take, by way of recognizance or otherwise; but if upon the return of such warrant it shall appear that no sufficient distress can be had thereupon, then it shall be lawful for such Justice, or any other Justice of the Peace for such county or place as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause such offender or offenders to be committed to the gaol of such county or place, there to remain without bail or mainprize lor any term not exceeding two calendar months, unless such penalties or forfeitures respectively, and all reasonable charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied; ana one moiety of such penalties or forfeitures, when so levied, shall be paid to the person who shall sue or prosecute for the same, and the other moiety shall be paid and applied to the use of the poor of the parish in which such offence shall be committed, in such manner as such Justice shall direct and appoint.

LIV. And for the more easy and speedy conviction of the offenders Form of Con-against this Act, be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace, vietioo. before whom any person or persons shall be convicted of any offence gainst this Act, shall and may cause the conviction to be drawn up in the following form of words (as the case shall happen), or in any oilier form of words to the same effect; (that is to say,)

' 'baton the n, {ed

Application Half to Inlwmat and Half to the Poor.

; u> wu. }BED"y~nbeied>Tha

in the year of our Lord A. B. is cunvieted before me, one

276 c c

Tithe*. [Part II.

No. XIII. 4 Geo. IV. c. 99.

Parsons

aggrieved by Conviction or Assessment under this Act may appeal to Quarter Sessions; firing Ten Days’ notice and Security with Two Sureties within Seven Days.

Costs of Appeal recoverable by Distress.

Penalty,

Tiro Months* Imprisonment.

Commissioners and Umpire authorized to examine witnesses on Oath or Affirmation.

Quakers1

Affirmation.

Penalty of Perjury on False Oath.

Proceedings not be quashed for n of Form.

* of His M&iesty’s Justices of the Peace of the said county [or city, or town, at'ihc cute mat/ be, ] by virtue of an Act passed in the fourth year

• of the reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act [Acre set forth the title of this Act, <i"d specify the offence, nnd when and where committed.]

Given under my hand and seal, the day and year aWe written.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any person, who shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any such conviction, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the county or place; and every person appealing against any such conviction, or against any assessment or anplottuent of any composition under this Act, as herein* before mentioned, shall (if there be sufficient time after the cause of complaint shall have arisen) first give, or cause to be given, t*en days’ notice at least, in writing, of his or her intention of bringing such appeal, and of the matter thereof, to the Justice or other person or persons whose conviction or act or determination shall be so appealed against, and within seven days next after the date of such notice, shall enter into a recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the county or place, with two sufficient sureties, conditioned to try such appeal, and to-abide by or to submit to the order thereon, and to pay such costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions or any adjournment thereof; and for want of sufficient time for giving such notice previous to the Quarter Sessions next after the cause of any such complaint shall have happened, then such appeal, after such notice, and under such recognizance, may be made at the second General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for such county or place; and the Justices, at such first or second Sessions, or any adjournment thereof, upon due proof of such notice having been given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such recognizance, snail hear and finally determine the cause and matter of such appeal in a summary way, and shall award such costs to the parties appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices shall think

groper; and the determination of such Justices at such Sessions shall be nal, binding, and conclusive to all intents and purposes; and it shall be lawful for the said Justices at such Sessions, by their order or warrant, to levy such costs so awarded, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person or persons who shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, and for want of sufficient distress to commit such nersou or persons to llie common gaol or house of correction for the said county, there to remain for any time not exceeding two calendar months, or until payment of such costs.

LVI. And he U further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Commissioner or Commissioners, acting in the execution of this Act, in any parish in Ireland, or for any Umpire appointed by any such Commissioners, or by die Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, and every such Commissioner and Umpire is hereby authorized and empowered, to call before them, and to examine any person or persons upon oath or solemn affirmation, as well in any case specially provided tor by this Act, as in any other case in which it shall be requisite and necessary for any such Commissioner or Umpire so to do in the execution of this Act; and which oath or affirmation any such Commissioner or Umpire is hereby authorized and empowered to administer; and that in all cases where any oath is by this Act authorized and empowered to lie taken or administered, the solemn affirmation of any of the people called Quakers shall and may be admitted and taken and administered; and that if in any oalh or affirmation authorized or ic-quired to be taken under this Act, or in any examination upon oalh or affirmation authorized or required by this Act, any person shall wilfully swear or affirm falsely, every such person, being duly convicted of such offence, shall be subject and liable to all such pains, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, as persons guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to by the laws in force in Inland.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That no order or proceeding made or had touching or concerning any of the matters in this Act contained, .

Class ILJ Tithes.

nor any proceedings to be had touching the conviction of any offender or offenders against this Act, shall be quashed for want of form, nor be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Dublin; and where any distress shall be made for any sum or sums of money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making the same be deemed a trespasser or trespassers, on account of any defect or want of form in the summons or conviction, or in the warrant of distress or other proceeding? relating thereto; nor shall the party or parties distraining be deemed a trespasser or trespassers ab initio, on account of any irregularity which shall be »f towards committed by the party or parties distraining; but the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity shall and may recover full satisfaction for the special damage (it any) in an action on the case; but no plaintiff or plaintiffs shall recover in any action for such irregularity as aforesaid, if tender of sufficient amends hath been made by or on behalf of the party distraining, before such action commenced.

LVllI. And be it further enacted, That no action, suit, or proceeding shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Justice of the Peace, or any Commissioner or Umpire, or other person or persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, until thirty days' notice thereof shall be given to such Justice, or Commissioner} or Umpire, or oilier person or persons, nor after a sufficient satisfaction or tender thereof hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved, nor after the expiration of three calendar months next after the fact committed; and every such action or suit or prosecution shall be laid or brought in the county, county of a city, or county of a town, where the cause of action shall have risen, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in every such action suit or prosecution, shall and may, at his or their election, plead specially, or the general issue not guilty, and give this Act and the special nutter In evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance ana by the authority of this Act; and if any replevin shall be brought for any gattle goods or chattels seized or taken fcy virtue or in pursuance of this present Act, it shall and may he lawful and sufficient to and for any person or persons, who shall be defendant or defendants, or avowant or avowants, in any such replevin, to avow plead or make cognizance generally, that he or they took the same cattle, goods, or chattels, as a distress, by force of the statute in that case made and provided, without more particularly setting forth this Act, or the cause of making or detaining the said distress or distresses, or making any other more special plea avowry or cognizance; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and if it shall appear, that the matter on which the cause of action arose was done, or that the distress replevied was made in pursuance and by authority of tills Act, or that such action or suit shall have been brought before thirty, days* notice thereof was given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the time limited for bringing tire same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other county, county of a city or county of a town than as aforesaid, thro the jury shall find f r the defendant or defendants, or avowant or avowants; and upon suqh verdict, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be non-suited, or shall discontinue his her or their action suit or prosecution, after the defendant shall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants or avowant or avowants snail recover double costs, and have such remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases of costs given by law,

LIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

276<*d

No. XIII.

4 Geo. l\\ c. 99.

Limitation of Actions, See. Three Months; Thirty Days' Notice.

Veoue.

General Issue.

GenenlAvowry in Replevin.

Double Costs.

Act may be Amended this Senion.

7\thes<

[Part II

m *

No. xm. 4 Geo. IV. c. 99.

Schedules to which tins Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

T 1ST of persons in the parish of who have been

charged with and have paid county-cess charges or grand jury rates, for any bnd not being tithe-free within the said parish, in the year ending on the day of to the amount of twenty

shillings and upwards.

NAMES. Quantity of Lund chargod. Amount charged. actually paid.

Murphy, Patrick Burke, James Connor, Luke Dempsey, Thomas -Anderson, William O’Connor, Dennis Purcell, Peter 40 Acraa. 40 SO SO 90 15 15 *1111111 - 1 1 1 1 188 £ t. d. 90 15 15 15 10 7 10 — 7 10 —

T E C., High Constable of [or collector of the county *

cess charges or grand jury rates, in the parish of],

do make oath, that the above list contains a true and just account of the names of all persons required to be returned by me, under an Act made in the fourth year of the reign of King George the Fourth, intituled [here set forth the title of this Act.]

Signed, JT. C.

High Constable of ,

Sworn before me, this [or collector of grand jury-cess

day of in the parish of .]

at

J.P.

[Justice of the Peace for .]

SCHEDULE (B.)

TXTB, A. B. and C. D., Commissioners duly appointed and sworn, for 11 I., E. F.y having been duly appointed and sworn an Umpire, ] under and by virtue of an Act made in the fourth year of the reign of King George the Fourth, intituled [here set forth the title of this AcfJ to ascertain and fix a true and just composition for all tithes arising, growing, yielded, or payable within the parish of C. in the county of do hereby certify, that the true and iust amount of composition for all tithes whatever within the said parish is pounds by the year. Of which sum of

poupds, three-fourth parts [or such other proportion as shall be specified] are due and payable to as a composition for the tithe

claimable by him [or them] as Rector of the said palish Tor, as owner of the rectorial tithe, or, as Lay Impropriator, ] one-eighth part [or such other proportion ns shall be specified] is due and payable to the vicar [or, to as owner of the vicarial tithes] of

the said parish; and one-eighth part [or such other proportion as shall he specified] is due and payable to the Bishop of the Diocese of r:[or such other proportions, and payable to such persons as the nature of the case shall require.]

Clan II.] Tithes.

And we [or, I] do further certify, That the average price of wheat, being the com principally grown in such county, forth te period of seven years, ending on the day of is

shillings per barrel, [or. that the average price of oats, being the com principally grown in such county, for the period of seven years, ending on the day of, is shillings per

barrel.]

• € A H 1

(Signed) 1 C* J) } ^omm^8*oners

[or, E. F Umpire.]

276//

No. XIV.

5 Geo. IV. c. 63.

[No. XIV.] 5 Geo. IV. c. 63.—An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for providing for the establishing of Compositions for Tithes in Ireland.— [17th June 1824.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to provide for the establishing of Compositionfor Tithes m Ireland, for a limited time: And whereas, in order to render the operation of the said Act more extensively beneficial, certain amendments are required to be made in the same: Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said recited Act shall be repealed as requires or directs that any list of the names and residences of persons charged with and having paid county-cess charges or grand jury rates, for or in respect of any lands within any parish, which shall be made by any High Constable or collector for the purposes of the said Act, shall be verified on the oath of such High Constable or collector in manner in the said Act specified; and so much of the said recited Act is hereby repealed accordingly; and in the subscription to any such list by any such High Cod-stable or collector, the words " do certify" shall be inserted instead of the words " do make oath, " required by the form of such list set forth in the Schedule (A.) annexed to the said recited Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That in cases where it shall happen that any parish, in respect of which any application shall be made for carrying into execution the said recited Act ana this Act, shall be situate in more than one county or barony, or partly in a county and partly in a county of a city, county of a town or town corporate, every High Constable or other collector of the county-cess charges and grand jury rates for the several parts of such parish shall, whenever thereto required, in such manner as by the said recited Act is directed with respect to any High Constable or collector mentioned in the said recited Act, and every such High Constable or other collector for the several parts of any such parish is hereby authorized and required to prepare and deliver to the churchwardens or churchwarden of such parish a list, containing the names and residences of all and every persons and person who shall have been charged with and shall have paid such cpuntYrcess charges or grand jury rates, for and in respect of any lands (not being tithe-free), to an amount exceeding twenty shillings in the whole within the year next preceding, within any part of such parish, the county-cess charges or grand jury rates whereof such High Constable or collector respectively is required to collect, together with the amount of the several and respective sums charged on and paid by every person whose name shall be contained in any such list; and the churchwardens or churchwarden of such parish shall, by combining together such scvcr&Uists, make out a list in such form ana manner as by the said Act is required to be made out and delivered by the High Constable or collector of any parish under the said recited Act, and as if the names contained in all such several lists had been contained in any one list made out and delivered by such High Constable or collector under the said Act.

4 G. 4. c. 99.

So much of recited Act tt requires Lists to be verified on Osth, Repealed.

Where Parishes sire situate in more then one County or Barony, Ac. c., the several County or Barony Collectors shall deliver Lists of persons charged to County Cess, and such Lists shall be combined by tbs Churchwardens into one such List, as is required by 4 G. 4. c. 99.

276 gg

No. XIV.

6 Geo. IV. c. 63.

Where there are not twenty-five persona paying County cess, exceeding 20*. per annum each, in any Parish, Lists shall be made of

Tithes. [Part II.

lit. And be it further enacted, That if and whenever it shall happen that in the whole of any parish there shall not be twenty-five persons who shall have been charged with and shall have paid any county-cess charges or grand jury rates, to an amount exceeding twenty shillings, for and in respect of any lands (not being tithe-free) within such parish, within the year next preceding the time when any application shall be made for carrying the said recited Act into execution in such parish, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the High Constable or other collector of any county-cess charges or grand jury rates within any such parish, in cases where the whole of such parish shall he situate within the same county or barony, and such High Constable or collector is hereby required to prepare and deliver to the churchwardens or churchwarden ot such parish a list, containing the names and residences of

the twenty-five such twenty-five persons as shall have been charged with and shall have paying the 'paid the highest amount of such rates within such parish; and if any highest amount. *uch parish shall he situate in two or more counties or baronies, or partly in a county and partly in a county of a city, county of a town or town corporate, then and in such case each of the several High Constables or collectors within the several parts of such parish respectively shall prepare and deliver a list of such twenty-five persons as snail have been charged with and paid the highest amount of such rates in such parts of such parish respectively, or if there shall not be twenty-five persons charged with and paying such rates in any such part of any parish, then a list of the names of all persons paying such rates in such parts of any ~ parish; and the churchwarden or churchwardens of such parish shall from such several lists extract the names of the twenty-five persons who shall have been charged with and shall have paid the highest amount of rates within the whole of such parish, and shall make out a list of such twenty-five persons, in such form and manner as by the said Act any list is required to be made out and delivered by the High Constable or collector of any parish under the said recited Act or this Act.

IV. And be it funher enacted. That such lists as are required or permitted by this Act shall be made out, and the names therein shall be arranged in such manner as by the said recited Act is directed with Te-spect to the names contained in any list required by the said recited Act, and the titles of such li>t» shall be varied as the case may require; and copies of such lists, or of the first twenty-five names in any such lists, as the case may require, shall be affixed in manner directed by the said Act; with respect to lists made and delivered under the said Act; and all such lists and conies, and the persons required to make the same, shall, in all respects, anrl to all intents and purposes whatsoever, be subject and liable to all such rules, regulations, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, as are contained in the said recited Act with respect to the lists required by the said recited Act, except only so far as the same are expressly altered by this Act; and any person who shall think himself or herself aggrieved by the omission or insertion of any name, or by the sum annexed to any name, or by any other error in any such list, shall have and be entitled to such appeal or remedy as is granted by the said recited Act with respect to the lists required by the said recited Act; and the persons whose names shall appear in such lists when amended or confirmed on such appeal, or when there shall not he any appeal, shall be admitted and entitled to attend and to vole at any special vestry to be holden for carrying into execution the purposes of the said Act or this Act, in like manner, to all intents anti purposes, as persons admitted or entitled to attend or vote under the regulations of the said recited Act and, this Act.

Churchwardens V. And be it further enacted, That every churchwarden to whom any shall note the list or lists is or are by the said recited Act, or by this present Act re-, Receipt of such quired to be delivered, shall, on receipt of any and every such list, make Lists. and sign a memorandum at the foot of any and every such list respecLists made by ^vely of the lime of the receipt thereof by such churchwnmlenimpL where Churchwardens morc one such list shall lie delivered to any chtircliwarden, the copy from several of the lkt which shall be made tip by such churchwarden from such Lius, shall be affixed on the Sunday next after three days from the Receipt of the last Lilt.

Sbch Lists shall be equivalent to Lists required by 4 G. 4. c. 99. sod the Persons Mined shell to# entitled to vote at Vestries.

Class II.] Tithes.

several lists, according to the directions of this Act, shall he affixed on the church door, or elsewhere, according to the directions of the said recited Act, upon the Sunday next after the expiration of three days from the receipt by such churchwarden of the Ibst of such several lists delivered under the directions of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any High Constable or collector who by the said recited Act or this Act is required to make out and deliver any such list as is required by the said recited Act or this Act, shall wilfully insert in any such list the name of any person which ought not to be inserted in such list, or shall wilfully omit from any ^uch list the name of any person which ought to be inserted in such list, or shall misstate thcamount of county-cess charges or grand jury rates payable by •ny person whose name shall be inserted m any such list, or if such constable or collector, or any other person or persons, shall in any way wilfully make any false return entry or statement in any such list, every person so offending shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered in a summary way before two or more Justices of the Peace, and to be applied in the same manner as any penalty of the like amount may be applied under the said recited Act.

VII. Provided always, tmd be it enacted, That no list returned by any High Constable or collector, or prepared or affixed by any churchwarden, under the directions of the said recited Act or this Act, shall be vitiated or invalidated; nor shall any High Constable or collector or churchwarden, be liable to any penalty under the said recited Act or this Act, by reason that any such list shall not contain an account of the quantity of land or the number of acres held by each or any person specified in any such list, or for which any such person shall be charged; any thing in the said recited Act or in this Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall happen that any person whose name shall be inserted in any list or copy of any list of persons charged with and having paid county-cess charges or grand jury rates, under the provisions and for the purposes of the said recited Act or this Act, shall, at the time of the affixing such list or copy, be ejected from the premises on account of which such person shall be so charged for non-payment of the rent of such premises, it shall be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace in and for the county or place in which the parish shall be situate to which such list shall relate, upon the production of satisfactory evidence on oath of the judgment in ejectment against such person, to direct, by an order under their hands to the churchwardens of such parish, that the name of such person so elected shall be removed from such list or copy, and that the name of such other person as shall he entitled to be inserted in such list next after the name of the last person entered on any such list shall be inserted in the room of the name of the person so ejected, and the name of the person so ejected shall be removed from such list or copy, and the name of such other person shall be added to such list or copy accordingly.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall happen that any person whose name shall be inserted in any such list or copy as aforesaid, shall not, at the time of holding any vestry in any parish for the purposes of the said recited Actor of this Act, be rated to county-cess charges or grand jury rates in such parish, it shall not be lawful for such person to be present or vote at any such vestry.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any and every person who is or shall be a Justice of the Peace, and who is or shall be qualified to act as such out of or in respect of lands situate in any such parish, under an Act made in the fifty-ninth year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for amending the laws for making repairing and improving the roads and other public works in Ireland, by grand jury presentments, and that it shall and may be lawful for any and every person who shall be seised of a freehold estate situate within such parish, of the value of fifty pounds and upwards, not arising from a rent charge, and duly registered as such under any Act or Acts in force relating to the election uf Members of PailiaNo. XIV.

5 Geo. IV. c. 63.

Penalty on High Constable or Collector making false Lists, 20/.

Lists shall not be vitiated, nor High Constables, &c. liable to Penalty for Omission of number ofAcres held or charged.

Persons ejected for Non-payment of Kent nay be struck out of Lists of those rated to Grand Jury

Persons not rated when Vestry k held, shall not attend or vote.

Justices of Peace qualified in the Pariah as required by Grand Jury Act 59 G. 3. c. 84. and Freeholders of 50/. per annum in the Palish, allowed to attend and vote at Vestry,

2761 ft

No. XIV. 5 Geo. IV. c.63.

Penalty onper-aona voting not being qualified, 100/.

Penalty onPer-*om interrupting Proceedings of vestry, 201.

When it is agreed at Vestry to proceed in manner required by 4 G. 4. c. 99.

In case Vestry shall not appoint a Commissioner whh-inThree Weeks; or if Incumbent does not appoint within Seven Days after; or if Appointment of Commissioners, in case of Death or Refusal to act, &c. shall not be made within Three Weeks;

Lord Lieutenant may, in either of such Cases, appoint a Commissioner.

His qualifies-tion.

Oath.

Tithes. [Part II.

ment in Ireland, and of which registry such person shall produce a certificate, signed by the Clerk of the Peace, and each and every such Justice of Peace and freeholder is and are hereby authorized and empowered to attend and vote at any vestry to be holden for carrying into execution the purposes of the said recited Act and this Act in such parish; and all such persons shall have one vote, and no more, at such* vestry; and if any person shall attend and vote, or shall claim or offer to attend and vote at such vestry as such Justice of Peace or freeholder, not being qualified so to do, every such person shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered and applied in such manner as any penalty of the like amount may be recovered and applied under the said recited Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any person, not being authorized or qualified under the provisions of the said recited Act or this Act to attend at any special vestry to be holden in any parish for carrying into execution any of the purposes of the said Act or this Act, shall intrude into or shall disturb or interrupt the proceedings of any such vestry, or shall attempt so to do, or shall insist on or proceed in so doing, every person so offending shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered in a summary way before two or more Justices of the Peace, and to be applied in such and the like manner as any penalty of the like amount may be applied under the directions of the said recited Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That whenever at any meeting of any special vestry, duly assembled in any parish, at any time after the passing of this Act, for the purposes of the said recited Act, it shall have been agreed between the parishioners and the Incumbent, or other person entitled to tithes, that the said Act shall be carried into execution, and a memorandum of such agreement shall have been reduced into writing, and signed in manner required by the said recited Act, and such vestry shall not within three weeks from the date of such agreement have effectually elected nominated and appointed a Commissioner for carrying into execution the purposes of the said Act, on behalf of the owners and occupiers of land in such parish; or whenever it shall happen that the Incumbent, or any other person entitled to tithes in such parish, shall have neglected to appoiut a Commissioner on his or their part, in manner required by the said recited Act, within seven days next after the appointment of a Commissioner on behalf of the owners or occupiers of land in such parish; or whenever it shall happen that any Commissioner, appointed in pursuance of the said recited Act, either on the behalf of any owners or occupiers of land, or on behalf of any Incumbent or other person entitled to tithes, shall have died or refused to act, or shall not have acted in the execution of the said Act, within twenty-one days after his appointment, and no other Commissioner shall have been appointed within three weeks next after the decease, or next after the refusal or neglect of any such Commissioner; then and in every or any such case it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governorsof/re&w/, at any time or times, and from time to time, as to lmu and them may seem fitting and expedient, to appoint some person to be a Commissioner for the purposes of this Act, on behalf of the owners or occupiers of land, or on behalf of the Incumbent or other person or persons entitled to tithes, as the case ruay require: Provided always, that such person so to be appointed shall be qualified in respect of property to such amount and in such manner as by the said Act is directed with respect to any Commissioner to be appointed under the said Act; and that such person shall not be owner or proprietor of any tithes, nor owner or occupier of any lands subject to the payment of any tithes or composition for tithes, in the parish with relation to which such persoit shall be so appointed to be a Commissioner; and every person so appointed to be such Commissioner shall take and subscribe such oath for the performance of his duty as such Commissioner, and aKosuch oath of qualification in respect of property, as are required to be taken and subserioed by any Commissioner appointed under or by virtue of the said recited Act; and every person so

Class II.]

TSthes.

appointed to be Commissioner by the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ircluud, under this Act, shall have all such powers and authorities, and shall proceed in carrying into execution the purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, in like manner to all in276 h k No. XIV.

4 Geo. IV. c. 63.

With like Powers is other Commissioners.

Recital of 4 G. 4. c. 99. requiring Commissioners to make Certificates in pursuance of Agreements for fixed Sums in lieu of Compositions for Tithes.

Proviso in 4 G. 4. c. 99. respecting the A mount of such Composition, repealed.

tents and purposes as any Commissioner appointed under the authority of the said recited Act.

XIII. And whereas it is by the said recited Act among other things enacted, that if the Incumbent and the Impropriator, or other person or persons, or body corporate, entitled to any tithes, or portion of tithes in any parish, shall agree to receive any fixed annual sum or sums as the amount of any composition for tithes, and shall have obtained the consent of the Bishop of the diocese and of the Patron of the benefice to such agreement, to be signified in writing and signed by such Bishop and Patron respectively, anq such agreement shall be signified, made, assented to, and accepted at a vestry of such parish, in manner required by the said recited Act, such agreement shall be biuding and conclusive upon any Commissioners or Umpire appointed under the said recited Act, subject to a proviso in the said recited Act contained; and it is expedient thit such agreement should be binding and conclusive upon such Commissioners or Umpire, without reference to such proviso; be it therefore enacted. That so much of the said recited Act shall be repealed, whereby it is provided, that if it shall appear to such Commissioners or Umpire that the amount of the composition specified in such agreement (if made payable to any Incumbent or other person having an estate less than fee simple in such tithes, or any portion thereon shall be below the average amount of the sums actually paid during such seven years, as in the said Act mentioned, in respect of the tithes lor which such composition shall be so agreed to be received, such Commissioners or Umpire shall state and certify their opinion to that effect; and in such case such Commissioners or Umpire shall insert in their certificate of the amount of such composition, a sum equal to such average amount of the sums paid during such seven years, and such sum shall be stated as and for the amount of the composition ascertained and-certified by such Commissioners or Umpire; and the said proviso in the said recited Act is hereby repealed accordingly, so far as relates to any such agreement which shall be made as aforesaid, and which shall be assented to by the Bishop or Patron at any time after the passing of this Act.

XIV. And be it furthc r enacted. That whenever at any special vestry duly assembled in any parish for the purposes of the said recited Act, it < shall be agreed between the vestry and the Incumbent of such parish (being entitled to the receipt of uthes, or any portion of tithes in such parish) to proceed in carrying into execution the purposes of the said Act, and Commissioners shall be duly appointed on behalf of such Incumbent, and on behalf of the owners and occupiers of land in such parish, pursuant to the directions of the said Act, it shall and may be lawful for such Incumbent entitled to any tithes, or portion of tithes, in any such parish, or to the whole of the tithes arising growing or payable in any separate and distinct portion division or district of such parish, with the assent of the Bishop of the diocese and of the Patron of the benefice, to ba signified in writiugand signed by such Bishop and Patron respectively, to make a separate and disuuct agreement to receive any fixed annual sum or sums as the amount of the composition to he paid for such separate and respective poriion or portion?* of tithes as shall be payable to him in such parish, or for the whole of the tithes payable in auy separate and distinct portion, district, or division of such parish, to such Incumbent, although no like agreement shall be made by all or any other persons or person entitled to any other such portion or portions of titties in such parish; and every such agreement in relation to any portion of tithes, or to the tithes of any portion of such parish, shall he made and carried into effect in like manner to ail intents and pm pose *, and shall be subject to all such and the like regulations, as any agreement for the payment of any fixed annual sum for the amount of the composition for all titheg uC i any parish is by the said recited Act directed to be made and carried into

Vol. I. T

Wb«a Incum-• bent nod Vestry •hoi) agree lo proceed under the Act 4 0.4. c. 99. such Incumbent may agree, with CPU-, sent of Bishop and Patron, to take a fixedSum fora Composition for hi* portion, although no such Agreement be made by other Owner of Tube.

27611 No. XIV. 4 Geo. IV.

c. 63.

Compositions for remaining Portions.

Where Persons are entitled to the whole Tithes arising in any portion of any Parish, the Applocment of the Com* position under 4 G. 4. c. 99. shall be made on the Lands within such Portion of such Parish.

Two or more Persons entitled to several Portions of Tithes, may unite in appointing one Collector of the Composition'for such several Portions

Composition shall take effect from 1st May or 1st November, after signing the Certificate by Commissioners.

Tithes. [Part 11.

effect; and the sum or sums so agreed upon as a com position or compositions to be paid la such Incumbent lor any such portion of tithes, or for the tithes of any portion of any parish, shall be inserted by the Commissioners or Umpire under the said Act in a separate and distinct certificate^pplyingonly to such portion of tithes, or to the tithes of any portion of any parish, the composition for which shall so be agreed for, and such sum or sums shall be assessed and applotted accordingly, as in case of any composition made under the said recited Act; and the composition for any remaining portion or portions of tithes in such parish, or for the tithes of any remaining portion or portions of such parish, shall be ascertained settled and certified by such Commissioners or Umpire, either in pursuance of any agreement or otherwise, in such manner as is directed by the said recited Act or this Act; and such Commissioners or Umpire shall, in each and every such case, frame their certificate or certificates according to the nature of the several and respective cases, in conformity with the schedule annexed to the said recited Act, and to the directions and provisions contained in this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if and when it shall happen that any person or persons, or body or bodies politic or corporate or collegiate, shall be entitled to the whole of the tithes arising growing or payable in any portion division or district, or in separate ana distinct portions divisions or districts of any parish, then and in every such case the Commissioners or Umpire by whom any certificate shall be made or given undey the said recited Act or this Act, shall in such certificate set out and specify out of what portion division or district of the parish any such tithes are payable, ana to whom any such composition shall be due and payable; ana such Commissioners or Umpire shall assess and applot the full amount of such composition payable for any such portion division or district of any parish, separately and distinctly, upon all lands not being tithe-free, within the separate and distinct portion or portions, division or divisions, or district or districts of such parish in respect of which such composition shall be payable, in like manner in all respects, and to aII intents and purposes, as by the said recited Act is directed or required with respect to the assessment and applotment of the whole of any composition upon all the lands within any parish.

XVI. And be it further enacted, that whenever any two or more persons shall be severally entitled to several portions of tithes in any parish, and to any share or proportion of any composition for such tithes, ascertained and certified fey any Commissioners or Umpire, and leviable under the said recited Act, then and in any such case it stall and may be lawful for all such persons, or any two or more of them, to unite in the appointment of one collector of all or any of such portions; and it shall be lawful for any collector so appointed, and he is hereby authorized and empowered to collect and levy all or any of such several portions, in such manner, and with such powers and authorities in all respects as are given by the said recited Act to any collector of any composition for tithes, or any part thereof, and as if any one person only had been entitled to the whole of such several portions of suen tithes, or of the composition in lieu thereof, which such collector shall be so appointed to collect.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any certificate shall have been or shall be made and signed by any Commissioners or Umpire, according to the directions of the said recited Act or this Act, such certificate shall bear date and take effect from the day on which it shall have been or shall be so made and signed; and that in all cases where such certificate shall have been or shall he made and signed onauy day betwebn the first day of Noveutber in any.year, and the first day of May in the subsequent year, the composition specified in such certificate shall take effect from the first day of May next, after the making and signing of such certificate, and the first half-yearly payment of such composition shall become due to the person or persons entitled to such composition upon the first day of November next, ensuing the date of such certificate; and that in all cases where any such certificate shall have been or shall be made and signed on any day between the first day of

Class II.] Tithes.

May and the first day of November in any year, the composition specified in such certificate, snail take effect from the first day of November next ensuing the date of such certificate, and the first half-yearly payment of such composition, shall become due to the person or persons entitled to such composition upon the first day of May next ensuing the date of such certificate; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which it shall have happened or shall happen, that any such certificate shall have been or shall be made and signed at any time, between the first day of November in any year and the first day of May in the succeeding year, the applotment and assessment of the composition specified in such certificate, shall be made before the expiration of four calendar months next after such first day of May, in like manner in all respects, as in and by the said recited Act is required, with respect to any assessment or applotment by the said Act directed to lie made before the expiration of four calendar months, after the first day of November next, after the making and signing of any certificate; and in such case, all other matters ana things relating to any such certificate, and to the assessment and applotment of any composition, shall be done and shall take place with reference to such first day of May, in like manner as in and by the said recited Act all such matters and things are required to be done and to take place with reference to the first day of November next, after the making and signing of any such certificate: Provided always, that any such applotment and assessment as is required by the said recited Act, and this Act may be made at any time after the making and signing such certificate, and before the expiration of the four months next after any such first day of November or first day of May respectively.

XIX. And whereas it is by the said recited Act among other things provided, that in case the assessment and applotment of any composition for tithes made under the said recited Act, shall not be made in any parish within such four calendar months as in the said Act is mentioned, such composition may be collected and levied according to the last applotment or assessment made in such parish, for the levying of any parish cess raised in such parish, be it enacted, That whenever an assessment and applotment of any such composition for tithes shall not be made in such parish within the space of four calendar months required by the said recited Act or this Act, and it shall happen that no parish cess shall have been raised and levied in such parish, in the year next preceding the time when such assessment or applotment ought to have been made, then and in such case, and until such assessment and applotment of such composition for tithes shall be made in such parish, it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons appointed to collect such composition for tithes, or any portion thereof respectively, to collect and levy the same according to the last applotment or assessment made in such parish for the levying of any county-cess charges or grand juiy rates, or rates or assessments made under or by virtue of the presentments of grand juries, and levied within such parish during such year; and every collector of such grand jury rates shall, whenever thereto required by or on behalf of the Incumbent or other person or persons entitled to such composition, or any portion thereof, deliver to or for the use of such Incumbent or other person or persons, a true copy of the last applotment or assessment made and in force in such parish in respect of such rates payable therein; and the several persons liable to the payment of any such applotment or assessment shall be liable to the payment of the full amount of the half-yearly payments of such composition for tithes, and the full amount of every Such half-yearly payment shall be levied on all such persons respectively, in proportion to the amount of the several assessments made on them in respect of such rates; and it shall be lawful for every collector of such composition for tithes, or any portion thereof, and every such collector is hereby respectively authorized and required to collect and levy such composition, ana the several parts and proportions thereof, payable by any such persons liable to the payment or such grand jury rates, with

VOL« I. t X

' 276 mm No. XIV.

4 Geo. IV. c. 63.

When Certificate is signed between lee November and lit May, Ap-plotmeat of Composition shall take plaoe before end of Four Months after 1st May, Ac. c.

no

Applocment is made of Composition for Tidies within Foot Months, and no Pariah Cess has been levied within the preceding Year, such Composition may be levied according to the Grand Jury Hates in such Pariah.

376 nn

No. XIV. . 4 Geo. IV. c. 63.

Penalty < Collector refusing Copy ck

Pvieh Rato er

County Com, vMiin Seven Daya after Demand, 101

Duplicate* of Applet menu of

Compositions shall, within Three Days be lodged in the Registry of the Diocese.

Roads, Canals, or Waste Lends on the sides of them, declared not liable to Assessment for Composition far Tithes.

Instead of Variation every Three Yean under 4 G. 4. c. 99, future Compositions shall be liable to Variation oolv in the Seventh and Fourteenth Years, sod according to Price of Corn in Dublin Gasette during the preceding Seven

Years.

Tithes. IPart II.

the like powers and authorities, and In like manner, to all intents and purposes, as if an assessment of such composition for tithes had been duly made by such Commissioners or Umpire as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That iu case any collector of any parish cess or of any grand jury rates shall, by the space of seven days nest after he shall be thereto required, wilfully neglect, or omit, or refuse to deliver to, or for the use of such Incumbent or other person or persons as aforesaid, a true copy, signed by such collector, of the last applotment or assessment in the possession or power of such collector, made and in force in such parish, or any part of such |iarish, in respect of the parish cess or grand jury cess payable therein, according to the true intent and meaning of the said recited Act and this Act, every such collector so offending, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied in like manner as any penalty of the tike amount may be recovered and applied under the said recited Act.

XXI. And for the security and benefit of persons interested in the assessments and apploimentsof any composition for Tithes; be it enacted, That a duplicate of every such assessment and applotment of such composition shall be made and signed by the Commissioners or Umpire, by whom such assessment and applotment shall be made under the provisions of the said recited Act; and every such duplicate shall, by such Commissioners or Umpire, be lodged in the registry of the diocese in which the parish or place to which such assessment and applotment shall relate shall be situate, within three days next after the making and signing of every such assessment or applotment, there to remain as of record; and true and certified copies of such assessment or applotment, or of so much and such parts thereof as shall be material and necessary to be given or read in evidence, shall be legal and sufficient evidence in all Courts and places of the contents of such assessment and applotment, as fully as the original writing or writings, whereof the same purport to he a copy or copies respectively, could he evidence thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in the assessment and applof-menL of any composition for Tithes under Use powers of the said recited Act or this Act, no public road or highway, nor any canal or inland navigation, nor any waste or uncultivated land on the sides of any such road, highway, canal, or inland navigation, shall be or ought to be assessed or charged to the raising of any part of the sum or sums to be raised by such assessment or applotment; and that if any assessment or applotment hath been made at any time before the passing of this Act, whereby any such road, highway, canal, or navigation, or any such waste or uncultivated land, hath been assessed or charged to any such composition, such assessment and applotment shall, as to such road, highway, canal, or navigation, and waste or uncultivated land, cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; any such assessment or applotment to the Contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIII. And whereas provision is. made in the said recited Act for increasing or diminishing the amount of corapositinps for tithes in the third ye ar, and in every succeeding third year after the commencement of any such composition, according to the average price of corn during the three years next immediately preceding; and it is expedient that the said provision should he amended; be it therefore enacted, That in all cases in which at any time after the passing of this Act, it shall he agreed between the parishioners and the ecclesiastical Incumbent of such parish, or other person or persons eniiiled to tithes, to carry into execution the purposes of the said recited Act, and a memorandum of such agreement, or some minute or entry of the same, shall be reduced into writing, and signed in manner required by the said rec.ted Act, any composition for tithes which shall be made in consequence of such agreement shall not he subject to lie increased or diminished, except in the seventh year and in the fourteenth year next, after the day from which such composition shall commence; and th*t in such case such increase or diminution shall be made only with reference to the average price'of Corn as advertised in jjie Dublin Coze lie during the seven years immediately precedClass II.]

Tithe*.

276 o o

ing; and that such increase or diminution shall be applied for and effected No. XIV. in all respects in the same manner as is prescribed in the said recited Act, 4 Geo. IV. save and except so Car as relates to the year in which such increase or c, 33,

diminution may take place, and to the average price of Com upon which 1 f .

such increase or diminution shall be calculated, according to the directions of this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any composition for Pf*e Caw

tithes in any parish shall be increased or diminished at the end of any aDcasm

third year, under the provisions of the said recited Act, or at the end of j* ^JVJf* any seventh year or any fourteenth year, under the provisions of this Act, *7"" reference shall not be had id the price of Cora within the county in which ftt* such parish Shall be situate, but reference shall be had only to the price

of corn as advertised in the Dublin Quztm; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever any certificate On Certificate

shall ha made and signed at any time after the passing of this Act by any of any Compo-Commiasionera or Umpire under the provisions of the said recited Act sitian nude and this Act, or either of them, for fixing or ascertaining the amount of paring any composition (or any tithes in any parish, and a Special Vestry shall th‘« Act being he boldest according to the directions of the said recited Act, for the pur* feta* the posh of taking sura certificate into consideration, it shall and may be nDd£!

lawful for suoh vestry to signify their assent to the payment of such com* 4’ c" *

position on behalf of the owners and occupiers of land in suoh parish, *^t*7_ mud also to signify their consent on behalf of such owners and occupiers . ~

of land, that suoh composition shall ha invariable for the term of twenty*’xhztit one years from the first day of November or the first day of Afey next , hsll continue ensuing the date of such certificate; and that such composition shall com for Twenty-one tinue to be levied for such term of twenty-one years, and shall not be Yean without sutycct to any variation in the amount thereof during such period of Variation, ac-fwentytone years, under the provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, cording to Price whatever the price of oora may be; and such assent shall be signified by «f Corn.

the signature of the chairman of such vestry, and of three other persons at least entitled to vote, and being present at such Special Vestry, at the foot of the copy of such certificate, which shall have been transmitted to the churchwardens of such parish according to the directions of the said recited Act, by the Commissioners or Umpire by whom such certificate shall have been made and signed; and it shall be* lawful for the chairman if guch Agret-of Such vestry, or for any churchwarden of such parish, to deliver or turns* ment it assented Olit such certificate so signed to the Incumbent of such parish, and to the to by the Impropriator, or other person or persons (if any) entitled to any tithes or Incumbent, portion of tithes in suoh parish; and it shall be lawful for the Incumbent Impropriator, of such parish (being entitled to any tithes or portion of tithes in such &cyf?d parish), and fur the Impropriator of any tithes or portion of tithes in such 10 l*Je

parish, and for every other person or persons, or hotly corporate or col* peglstrT, the Icgiate, or corporation aggregate or sole, entitled to any tithes or portion or tithes in such parish, to assent to and agree with the resolution of unrari#d forlhf such vestry, and to signify such assent upon the copy of such certificate whoje t^e so signed by the chairman and vestrymen of the said parish, when such Twenty-one certificate Shall be produced to them or any of them lor that purpose, by Yew, any of the purlieu interested in the same; and such copy, when so assented and agreed to by the said parties, shall and may lx* delivered by some or one or any of tl\e parties interested therein, to the Commissioner or Umpire by whom such certificate whs original ly made and signed, and shall by such Commissioner or Umpire be transmitted to the Registrar of the Bishop, to be entered and recorded in the registry of the diocese, and shall be so entered and recorded accordingly; ami in every such case, such coni posit ion shall be made and remain in full force and effect for the whole space of twenty-one years, and shall not be subject to any variation in the amount thereof, under the provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, during such period of twenty-one years, whatever the price of corn may be; any tiling in the said recited Act or this Act to the contrary

thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

27 1* I *

No. XIV.

4 Geo. IV. c. tiS.

Competitions mods before the passing of this Act may be varied at the end of Seven Yean or Fourteen Yean, or continued for Twenty-one Yean,

Tithes. [Part IIXXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That mail cases in which a composition for the tithes of any parish shall have been ascertained and fixed, and a certificate thereof made and signed at any time previous to the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful Tor any Incumbent, or other person, or body corporate, entitled to tithes in such parish, or any three of the members of the Special Vestry who shall have signified the approbation of such composition by such vestry, in manner required by the said recited Act, at any time within one year after the date of such certificate, to require the churchwardens of such parish to cause a Special Vestry of persons duly qualified pursuant to the said recited Act and this Act, to be called by public notice in the manner required by the said recited Act or this Act, and to be holden on some day named in such notice, not being less than fourteen days nor more than three weeks distant from the date of such notice, fur the purpose of determining whether such composition shall not be increased or diminished, until after the first day of May in the seventh year and in the fourteenth year from the commencement of such composition, or whether the amount of such composition shall be invariable for the term of twenty-one years from the commencement thereof; and it shall and may be lawful for such vestiy to signify their assent on behalf of the owners and occupiers of land in such parish, that such composition shall not be increased or diminished until after the first day of May in the seventh year and in the fourteenth year from the commencement of such composition, or that the amount of such composition shall be invariable for toe term of twenty-one years from the commencement thereof; and that such composition si tall continue to be levied for such term of twenty-one years, ana shall not be subject to any variation in the amount thereof during such period of twenty-one years, under the provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, whatever the price of corn may be; and such assent shall be signified by a copy of the resolution of such vestry, signed by the chairman of such vestiy, and by three other persons at least, entitled to vote, and being present at such Special Vestry; and it shall be lawful for the chairman of such vestiy, or for any churchwarden of such parish, to deliver or transmit such copy of such resolution, so signed as aforesaid, to the Incumbent of such parish, and to the Impropriator or other person or persons (if any) entitled to any tithes or portion of tithes in such parish; and it shall be lawful for the Incumbent of such parish, (being entitled to any tithes or portion of tithes in such, parish), and for the Impropriator of any tithes or portion of tithes in such parish, and for every other person or persona, or body corporate or collegiate, or corporation aggregate or sole, entitled to any tithes or portion of tithes in such parish, to assent to and agree with the resolution of such vestry, and to signify such assent upon the copy of such resolution so signed by the chairman and vestrymen of the said parish, when such resolution shall be produced to them or any of them for that purpose, by any of the parties interested in the same; and such copy, when so assented and agreed to by the said parties, shall and may, by some one or any of the parties interested therein, be delivered or transmitted to the Registrar of the Bishop, to be entered and recorded in the registry of the diocese, and shall be so entered and recorded accordingly; and in every such case such composition shall be variable only at the end of such term of seven years or fourteen years, or shall remain in full force and effect for the whole space of twenty-one years, as may be agreed on at such vestry; and in such last-mentioned case such composition shall not be subject to any variation in the amount thereof, under the provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, during such period of twenty-one years, whatever the price of corn may be; any thing in the said recited Act or this Act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Notice of XXV it. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where notice of *

Vestries where any vestry or adjournment of any vestry is required to he given in pur-there is not any Church may be given by posting Notices on other places of Public Worship, aptf delivering Copies to a Magistrate, or to Tbtat Householders.

1C

Clan II.] Tithes.

suance of the said recited Act or of this present Act, and it shall happen that there shall not be any church in the parish wherein such vestry is to be held, or that there shall not be any church in such parish fit for the celebration of divine service, the notice of holding or adjourning every such vestTy shall and may be given by posting up such notice on some other place of public worship, and by delivering three true copies of such notice to one resident magistrate within the said parish, or to any three principal householders of the said parish paying grand jury cess within such parish; and that every notice so given shall be good and sufficient notice of the holding every such vestry, to all intents and purposes in law, as if such notice had been given in the parish church.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That notices required by the said Act of the last Session of Parliament for the establishing of compositions for tithes, to be given by churchwardens for holding Special Vestries in parishes, pursuant to the said recited Act, after the copy of any certificate of composition for tithes shall be received by such churchwardens, may be given at any time within six davs next after the copy of any such certificate shall have been received \>y such churchwardens; and such notice, so given within such six days, shall he sufficient and valid to all intents and purposes as if such notice had been given within three days next after the receipt of any such copy, in manner required and directed by the said recited Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any notice is required to be given, or any objection to be submitted to any Bishop or Archbishop, or auj Act or Instrument is required or authorized to be done or executed by any Bishop or Archbishop, under the provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Archbishop of the province, in case of the vacancy of any Bishoprick, and for the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, in case of the vacancy of any Archbishoprick, to receive such notices and objections, and to do and execute all such Acts and Instruments as should or could have been done or executed by any such Bishop or Archbishop, in case such Bishoprick or Archbishoprick were not then vacant, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if all such matters and things were done or executed by such Bishop or Archbishop authorized or required to do or execute the same.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the establishing of compositions for tithes in Ireland, shall continue in force and effect, except only so far as the same or any part thereof is expressly repealed or altered by this present Act; and that the said recited Act and this Act shall be construed together as one Act, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

27dqq No. XV.

7 Geo. IV. c. 15.

ffisdayetHowed for Notice of Vestry to consider Certificate, instead ofThree Days, under 4 0.4. c. 99.

Proviso for Acts required to be done by Bhhope, Ac. c. while the See is vacant.

4G.4.C. 99. diall remain in force as amended by this Act, Ac. c.

[No. XV.] 7 Geo. IV. c. 15.—An Act to amend an

Act passed in the seventh and eighth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, for the more easy Recovery of Small Tithes. — [11th April 1826.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the seventh and eighth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled An Act for the more easy Recovery of Small Tithes, it is enacted, that all and singular the tithes, commonly called small tithes, with all oblations and obventions due to the several Rectors Vicars and other persons, in England and Wales and Berwick-upon-Tweed, not exceeding the sum of forty shilling *, shall be recovered by complaint to two or more Justices of the Peace within the count}’, riding, city, town corporate, or place, where the same shall grow due; neither of which Justices is to be Patron of the church or chapel where the said tithes shall arise: And whereas by an Act passed in the fifty-third year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled Act Act for the Seller Regulation of Ecclesiastical Courts in Eng7A8W.3. "

c. 6.

°<?le

53 6, 3. e

27«rr

No. XVI. 7&8 Geo IV. c. 60.

In places where the Jiaticesare Patrons of the Church, Tithes tn bo recovered before Justices of say adjoin* inf Cv«aty or

Tithes.

[Part II.

Rcctod AM

not repealed except as herein mentioned.

4 G. 4. c. 99. emended by

5 G. 4. c. 63.

Appeals against Assessments or Applotments •hiul be made to the next Quarter Sessions after the Applotment, if time for Notice; or otherwise to the ieetmd Quarter Ses* sions. '

On Appeal to Privy Council, they may decide on right of Property, so far

land, end/or ike more easy Recovery of Church Rnttt and Tithe *, the sum to be recovered for ail manner of titnes and offerings is extended to an amount not exceeding ten pounds: And whereas it is expedient in oer-tain cases to alter and amend that part of the said recited Act of King William the Third, which relates to the jurisdiction before which the said tithes shall be recovered: Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful, in all cities, towns cor* porate, or other towns or places in England Wale* or Bero*ck*po* Tweed, where the Justices of the Peace in and for the same are Patrons of the mid Church or chapel where any tithes or offeriogs do or shall arise, for two Justices of the peace in and for any adjoining County rid* ing or division, to hear and determine all complaints tor withholding the saw tithes and offerings, not exceeding the amount of ten pounds j such complaint to be made in writing by the said Hector or Vicar or other per* son, his Attorney or Agent.

11. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall be con* strued to repeal or alter any of the clauses or provisions of the said vo» cited Acts, or either of them, Save and except as to such parts thereof as are expressly altered or amended by the same.

[No, XVI.] 7 and 8 Geo. IV. c. 60.—An Act to amend the Acts for the establishing of Compositions for Tithes id Ireland. — [2d July 18270

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the fourth year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide /or the eetablixhing of CompoeitUm* for Tithe* in Ireland for a limited time, and which was amended by an Act passed in the filth year of the reign of His present Majesty; and the said Acts required to be further amended in certain particulars x And whereas by the said first-recited Act it is among other things enacted, that it shall be lawful for any person aggrieved by or dia* satisfied with the rate or sum at which any land shallbe assessed in any assessment or applotment in any parish under the said Act, as compared with the rate or amount payable in respect of any^ther land in the same perish under such assessment or applotment, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace in manner in the said Act mentioned: Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excel* lent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every such appeal shall be made to the Justices of the Peace at their General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the county or place in which such parish shall be situate, or ally adjournment thereof, to be hnlden next after the completion of such ippltitinent, if there be sufficient time to give such notice as is required by the said Act in rases of such appeal $ and for want of sufficient time for giving such notice previous to lhe Quarler Sessions next after the compleiion of such applotment, then such appeal t after such notice and under such recognisance as in and by the said Act are required)may be made at the second General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to he hidden for such county or place next alter the completion of such applotment; and such appeal against such assessment or applotment shall not be made at any other subsequent sessions; any thing m the said recited Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And whereas by the said recited Act of the fourth year of ILs present Majesty’s reign it is among other things provided and enacted, that an appeal may be made to the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Irclund in council, against the certificate of juiy Commissioners or Umpire under the said recited Act; and that it shall be lawful

at ftttttl tt the Tithe Cotapotuion Tor Twenty-one Year *, or direct ap ls«ue for ascertaining the Title.

Claw II.]

Tithe* '

me *

No. XVI,

for such Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, by and with the advice and consent of His Majesty’s Privy Council in y&QGeo IV Ireland, to hear and determine such appeal in the cases and in manner’6q%

in the said Act mentioned: And whcyeas such appeals do often involve ° the rights or title of parties to the possession or occupation of lands and tenements, and doubts have arisen whether the decision of the Lord Lieutenant in council on such appeal is not to all intents and purposes conclusive as to such rights or title; be it therefore enacted, That in every case of appeal in which the rights or title of any party to the nos* session or occupation of any lands or tenements shall be involved, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, by and with the advice of His Majesty’s Privy Council in Jre(und9 to decide and determine upen such appeal, and to ascertain and determine the righto or title uf any such party, so far only as may relate to the payment ot any composition'for tithes for the term of twenty-one years under the said recited Acts, or until such right of property shall he determined by any competent tribunal or court of justice, out not any further, nor to any other purpose; or it shall be lawful for such Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors, by and with the advice of His Majesty's Privy Council, to direct an issue to be tried in any one of 11 is Majesty’s Courts of Record in Dublin, for the ascertainment of the right or title of any such party to any lands or tenements as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That on the hearing and decision of On decision of any appeal against the certificate of any Commis»iouers or Umpire under *7 Appeal the the said recited Act of the fourth year of His present Majesty’s reign, it Privy Council shall be lawful for such Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, with the advice of His Majesty’s Privy Council, to ^*yment °* adjudicate and direct the payment of any costs to or by auy of the parties Lo#u* appealing or appealed against, in such manner and to such amount as snail seem fitting and expedient to such Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors and Privy Council.

IV. And whereas in and by the said recited Act of the fifth year of Roads, Ac. c.

His Majesty’s reign it is among other things enacted, that in the assess- assessed before inent and applotinent of any composition for tithes no public road or *he p*«*ng of highway, nor any canal or inland navigation, nor any waste or uncul- Act shell con-livated land on the sides of any such react, highway, canal, or inland navi- l*nue ao until a gallon, shall be assessed or charged to the raising of any part of the sum or sums to be raised by such assessment or applotinent; and that if any assessment or applotinent had been made at any time before the said Act, whereby any such road, highway, canal, or navigation, or any such waste or uncultivated land, had tieen assessed or charged to any such composition, such assessment and appiotnient should, as to such road, highway, canal, or navigation, and waste or uncultivated land, cease and determine, and be 110 longer paid or payable; and it i9 expedient that further provision should be made relating to such assessments and ap-plotinents; be it enacted, That every such assessment or applotinent, which shall have been made at any time before the passing of the said recited Act of the fifth year aforesaid, shall remain good valid and effectual; and that every road highway or canal, or inland navigation, and all waste or uncultivated land on the sides of any such road, highway, canal, or inland navigation, which shall ha\e been subjected to such assessment or applotment before the passing of the said recited Act of the fifth year aforesaid, shall remain and continue liable to such assessment and applotinent until a new or additional assessment and applotinent shall be made within such parish, pursuant to the directions herein-after contained; any thing in the said recited Act of the said fifth year to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any assessment and applotinent of any composition for tithes shall have been made at &c"1iuve bee’i any time before the passing of the said recited Act of the fifth year afure- at8«sed, pir-said, whereby any such road, highway, canal, or navigationpipany such ties interested may apply to Assistant Banister at Sessions, who may alter the Asks ment,

new Asaenment hall be made under this Act.

Where Roida,

12

$o. XVII.

9 Car. II. •c. 3.

rplained by

Anne, c. 16, 14.

abates of

uncomtive

illc.

aysnond, 334.

Mien and armeis Wills cepced.

le juriadic->n of Courts irtd.

I & 23 Car. 11.

10.

usbands not mpellaUe to ake distribu-m of the partial estates of eir wives. Mod. 231.

Miscellaneous. Statutes concerting Beat Estates. [Part II.

and twentieth day of June, no nuncupative will shall be good, where the estate thereby bequeathed shall exceed the value of thirty pounds, that is not proved by the oaths of three witnesses (at the least) that were present at the making thereof; nor unless it be proved that the testator at the time of pronouncing the same, did bid the persons present, or some of them, bear witness that such was his will, or to that effect; nor unless such nuncupative will were made in the time of the last sickness of the deceased, and in the house of his or her habitation or dwelling, or where he or she hath l»ecn resident for the space of ten days or more next before the making of such will, except where such person was surprized or taken sick being from his own home and died before he returned to the place of his or her dwelling.

XX. And be it further enacted, That after six months passed after the speaking of the pretended testamentary words, no testimony shall be received to prove any will noncupative, except the said testimony or the substance thereof were committed to writing within six days after the making of the said will.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no letters testamentary or probate of any nuncupative will shall pass the seal of any court tilt fourteen days at the least alter the decease of the testator be fully expired; nor shall any nuncupative will be at any time received to be proved, unless process have first issued to call in the w idow or next of kindred to the deceased to the end they may contest the same if they please.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no will in writing concerning any goods or chattels or personal estate shall be repealed, nor shall any clause devise or bequest therein be altered or changed by any words or will by w ord of mouth only, except the same be in toe life of the testator committed to writing, and after the writing thereof read unto the testator and allowed by him and proved to be so done by three witnesses at the least (</)

XXIII. Provided always, That notwithstanding this Act any soldier being in actual military service, cr any mariner or seaman being at sea* may dispose of his moveables wages and personal estate as he or they might have done before the making of this Act.

aXIV. And it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act shall extend to alter or change the jurisdiction or right of probate of wills concerning personal estates, but that the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury and other ecclesiastical courts, and other courts having right to the probate of such wills shall retain the same right and power as they had before in every respect, subject nevertheless to the rules and directions of this Act.

XXV. And for the explaining one Act of this i>resent parliament, intituled An Act for the better settling of Intestate* Estates, be it declared by the authority aforesaid, That neither the said Act nor any thing therein contained shall be construed to extend to the estates of femes coverts that shall die intestate, but that their husbands may demand and have administration of their rights credits and other personal estates, and recover and enjoy the same as they might have done before the making of the said Act.

[Made perpetual by 1 Jac. II. c. IT, § 5.]

(a) Set Notes to Sec. 6. supra.—The following ace relative to this subject was taken by the titer:

" 6th May, 1793. In the Prerogative Court.

" Wright against Nether* ood.

> A. makes a will leaving some legacies and appointing his wife residuary legatee; the died leaving several children. He married again, and bad one child by his second wife. Afterwards A. with his wife and all his children perished by shipwreck. The wifl h not revoked.] M This case arose on a question, Whether the

will of George Netherwood deceased, was or was not revoked ?

4< On the 24th June 1783, the deceased married

Elisabeth Lomax, spinster. On the 8th of October following he made his will, whereby he charged his real estate with the piyment of debt* and legacies* if his personal should be deficient. He gave some pecuniary and specific legacies, and bequeathed the residue of his permud estate to hi* wife by her maiden name, Elisabeth Leras, and devised the real estate to her for life, remainder to one Joseph Netherwood; he appointed Wright, dm party *

Class 1.] Miscellaneous Statutes concerning Real Estates.

223

executor of his effects in England, and another executor for his effects in the West Indies.

' Afterwards Elizabeth died, leaving several children by her husband. The testator married the sister of his former wife, and had issue by her ooesoo.

" The said George Netherwood embarked for England from Jamaica, with his wife her son and all the children by the former marriage. The ship in which they embarked was never afterwards heard of, and was admitted to be lost.

" The will was proved by the executor in England in common form, and he was afterwards cited by the next of kin of the deceased to prove it in solemn form, or shew cause why it should not be declared invalid.

" The facts were admitted on both sides to be ns above stated,

41 By the inventory the property of the deceased appeared to amount to about bOOOO/. The legacies amounted to rather more than 200/.

u Sir William Scott and Dr. Nicholl in support of the wilL—The will in this case was not revoked by the second marriage and the birth of a child; for although it may be admitted as a general principle that these circumstances do revoke a will, on the presumption that upon such a total alteration of circumstances the testator did not continue to have the same intentions; that presumption is liable to be repelled by circumstances. If it appears to be his intention that the will should stand, marriage and the birth of a child will not destroy it.

" AU presumptive revocations are stricii Jurit, and must be wholly inconsistent with the deceased's intention to dispose of his property according to the wilL

u The general principle of these revocations is, that when a person has contracted such new obligations and relations, it cannot be supposed that he meant to adhere to his former disposition. That principle is recognised by all the cases upon the subject, and they all proceed upon the ground of s fatal alteration in the testator's circumstances; but if there is not a total alteration, the implication is repelled.

No case can be stronger against a revocation than this. When he was married he made a will, by which he bequeathed some small legacies, and disposed of the rest of his property to his wife. Thus might be in confidence that she would take enre of any children he should have by her. The wife diet, and the residue becomes lapsed. He marries again, and his fortune will take the same course in point of substance as if he had made no will. The few legacies will belong to the persons to whom they were given, and the residue would be subject to the statute of distribution.

" There are cases in which it has been held, that this alteration of cirtumst&uces did not amount to a revocation; where the alteration was not such as to make the court say, the testator could not In duty adhere to his will. Such was the case of Brown and Thompson, 1 Eq. Ca. Ab. 413, where it was held that the alteration of circumstances was not sufficient to amount to a revocation; for xu> injury was done any person, and those whom

the testator was bound to provide for were taken care of (Vide the observations of Buller, J. upon this opinion, in Doe r. Lancashire; ) the great bulk would go to the wife and children; all the new relations sre fully satisfied; snd there is no probability of the testator’s not intending to adhere to his former disposition. In Brady v. Cubitr, Doug. 31—38, it is said by Lord Mansfield, 4 That upon his recollection there was no case in which marriage and the birth of a child have been held to raise an implied revocation, where there has wot been a diposition of the whole estate.1 And although that may not be essential, it is certainly very material. Presumed revocations may exist where the residue is very small, but it is otherwise where a small part only is disposed of, and the bulk remains. In Thompson and Shepherd, mentioned in a note to Amb. 490, it was held that marrwge and having children did not amount to a revocation of a will made by a widower who had children. It was not that complete alteration of circumstances which implies the revocation of a declared intention. A case of Calder and Calder, lately decided in the Prerogative Court, doea wot apply, h depended on ita own circumstances; and there was no power to presume that the testator adhered to his intention. That was the case of a will made by a widower having no children; he had no view to the relations of husband and father. The great bulk of his property was left away, and there were declarations shewing hit idea that his property would go to his wife and children upon a marriage subsequent to the will; and the will itself was such as would involve the family in endless litigation. Every circumstance in that case raised the implication, that the will should be revoked. No such circumstances exist in this case; but, on the contrary, every circumstance repels the implication.

There would be a very considerable provision for the wife and her child; and it must be presumed that lie knew the operation of the will; that it disposed of the small legacies according to his intention; that the residue would be distributable according to law; and that his property would be managed by the respective persons in whom he had reposed a confidence for the purpose."

The advocates for the plaintiff* hiving here closed their arguments, the Judge intimated a wish that the case might be considered upon another point, viz. Whether the will (provided it was revoked j did not revive, as the son by the second wife did not survive his father ? For which purpose, it stood over till the 13th of May; when the advocates before-mentioned argued an that point.

" In cases where it cannot be actually ascertained whether the parent or the eon survived, and they perished by the same stroke of death, according to the Roman law, it was presumed that if the son had not obtained the age of puberty, the father survived; but if the son had attained that age, that he survived the father. This presumption arises from the degree of strength supposed to belong to the respective parties. It was liable to certain exceptions iu behalf

276 *

Tithes. [Part II.

No. XVI. waste or uncultivated land as aforesaid, shall have been assessed or '"feflGeo IV c*iarKed to any composition for tithes, it shall and may be lawful for any*’person or persons interested in any such Toad, highway, canal, or navi-c. 60. gation, or in any other waste or uncultivated land, or for any Incumbent or other person entitled to such composition, to apply to the assistant Barrister at any sessions to be holden for the county in which the parish shall be situate in which such assessment and applotment shall be made, to revise such assessment and applotment, and to make a re-assessment and applotment of such composition, in manner here in-after mentioned; and thereupon it shall be lawful for such assistant Barrister to call for the book in which such assessment and applotment shall be entered, and such book shall be produced to such assistant Barrister by the person or persons in whose custody the same shall be; and it shall be lawful for such assistant Barrister to alter and amend die assessment and applotment contained in such book, by striking out any assessment and applotment made in respect of any such road, highway, canal, or navigation, or any such waste or uncultivated land as aforesaid, and by adding to the amount of the several assessments and applotments made in respect of the other lands within the said parish, according to their several proportions, so much as shall be sufficient to make such assessment and applotment equal to the full amount of the whole composition for tithe payable within the said parish according to the original certificate of such amount; and such book so altered and amended shall be signed by such assistant Barrister with his name and the date when such alteration shall be made; and such book so altered and amended shall thenceforth be evidence of the just and true amount of composition to be paid for tithe within the said parish by the holders of any portion of land within the same.

Class III.]

277

PART II.

CLASS III.

Approvement and Inclosure of Commons.

[No. I.] 20 Henry III. c. 4, (Statute of Merton.)—

In what Cases' Lords may approve against their Tenants. (1)

4 A1*? because great men of England (which have infeoflfed 20 Hen. III.

4 knights and their freeholders of small tenements in their great c. 4.

4 manors) have complained that they cannot make their profit of the 2 Inst *

4 residue of their manors as- of wastes woods and pastures, whereas the 1 365.

* same feoffees have sufficient pasture, as much as beloogeth ttf their tene- 8 Ed* 3> 39.

4 mcnts; it is provided and granted, That whenever, such feoffees do *

4 bring an assize of novel disseisin for their common of pasture, (2) and

4 it is knowledged before the justieers, that they have as much pasture as sufficeth to their tenements, and that they have free egress and re- *

4 gress from their tenement unto the pasture, then let them be con* tented therewith; and they on whom it was complained shall go quit

* of as much as they have made their profit of their lands wastes woods and pastures; and if I hey alledge that they have not sufficient pasture,

4 or sufficient ingress and egress according to their hold, then let the

* truth be inquired by assize; and if it be found by the assize, that the same deforceors have disturbed them of their ingress and fegress, or that they had not sufficient pasture (as before is said) then snail they recover their seisin by view of the inquest: so that by their discretion and oath the plaintiffs shall have sufficient pasture; and sufficient ingress and egress in form aforesaid; and the disseisors shall be amerced

* and shall yield damages, as they were wont before this provision. And if it be certified by the assise that the plaintiffs Tiave sufficient pasture

* with ingress and egress, as before is said, let the other make their profit of the residue, and go quit of that assize/ (3)

(1) A person seised in fee of the soil may approve, although not lord of a manor.—Glover v. Lane, 3 T. R. 443.

(2) The statute gives no power to inclose

against common of Turbary, Estovers, &c.—2 Inst. 87; nor against a right of tenants to dig gravel—Duberly «>. Page, 2 T. R. 391.—Grant

v. Gunner, 1 Taunt. 435; but the lord may inclose against common of pasture, although the

tenants have also common of Turbary in the same

waste, not injuring the Turbary—Strictland v. Fawcett, Wittes, 57, Comyns, 551; so if commoners have any other right—Shakespear v. Pippin, 6 T'. R. 741. There can be no approver against a grant of common in gross.— Fitsh. Read in stat. Extent, Mar. 1 Taunt. 449, nofe. There can be approver against common sans rxombre, to be ascertained by the greatest number of cattle that has actually been kept.— Anon, 4 Leon, 41.

• (3) As to the Lord’s remedy in Chancery, against disturbance of his right of approver, see. Weekes v. Slate, 2 Vein. 301.

[No. II.] 13 Edward I. stat. 1, c. 46. (II Westminster.) —Lords may approve against their Neighbours. Usurpation of Commons during the Estate of particular Tenants.

WHEREAS in a statute made at Merton it was granted that Lords of wastes woods and pastures, might approve die said wastes if. I*1’ 44 woods and pastures, notwithstanding the contradiction of their tenants, i Roffi* 365.

2 Inst. 473. 20 H. 3, st. 1, c. 4. 11 Co. 74. 4 Co. 38. 13 H. 7, C. 13. Dyer, 47, 216. 339. Cro. Cir. 281, 440, 580.zedLy

278

No. II.

13 Edw. I. stat. 1, c. 46.

Lords may approve against their Neighbours, leaving them sufficient Common. Enforced by 3 & 4 Ed. 6, c. 3.

7 H. 4, f. 38. Skinner, 93.

For what Cause one may approve.

A Ditch or Hedge of Ground approved cast down.

By 6 Geo. I. c. 16, sect. 1, the remedy of the Act is extended to the Destroyers of Trees, &c. by night or day, Ac. c. Usurpation of Common during the Estate of particular Tenan

Approvement and Inclosure of Commons. [Pfcrt 1.

* so that the tenants had sufficient pasture to their tenements, with free egress and regress to the same: And forasmuch as no mention was made between neighbours and neighbours, many lords of wastes woods and pastures liavc been hindered heretofore by the contradiction of

c neighbours having sufficient pasture:and because foreign tenants have

* no more right to common in the wastes woods or pastures of any lord than thelord’s own tenants it is ordained, That the Statute of Merton, provided between the lord and his tenants, from henceforth shall hold placebctwecn lords of wastes woods and pastures and their neighbours, saving sufficient pasture to their tenants and neighbours, so that the lords of such wastes woods and pastures may make approvement of theresidue. And this shall be observed for such as claim pasture as appurtenant to their tenements. But if any do claim common by special feoffment or grant for a certain number of beasts, or otherwise which he ought to nave of common right, whereas covenant barreth the law, die shall have such recovery as he ought to have had by form of the grant made unto him. By occasion of a windmill sheepcote devry enlarging of a court necessary, or couitelage, (!) from henceforth" no man shall be grieved by assize of novel disnidn for common of pasture. And where sometime it chanceih, that one having right ro approve doth then levy a dyke or an hedge, and some by night, oral another season, when they suppose not to be espied, do overthrow the hedge or dyke, and it cannot be known by verdict of the assize cr jury who did overthrow the hedge or dyke, and men of the towns near will not indict such as be guilty of the fact, the towns near adjoining shall be destrained to levy the hedge or dyke at their own cost, and to yield damages*. And where one, having no right to common, usurpedh common what time an heir is within age, ora woman is covert, or while the pasture is in the bands of tenants in dower, by the courtesy or otherwise for term of life or years, or in fee-tail, and have long time used the pasture ', many hold opinion that such pastures ought to be said to belong to the freehold, and that the possessor ought to have action by a writ'of novel disseisin, if he be deforced of such pasture; bat from henceforth this must be holden, that such as have entered w'ithin tlTe time that an assise of mortdtiuncester hath lien, if they had no common before, shall have no recovery by a writ of novel disseisin, if they be deforced/

1 Lutw. 141, 165.

(1) These things arc put by way of instance, IlamnWon, Sid 79. and the Lord may erect a house for a beast- The usual course of proceeding upon this

keeper—2 Inst. 476; but he can only build a statute has been by writ of nocianter. Thornhouse for his own habitation, or that of his shep- hill v. Huddersfield, 11 East. 349. herd, and so it must be slledged.—rNevil v.

[No. III.] 3 &*4 Edward VI. c. 3.—An Act concerning the Improvement of Commons and waste Grounds.

3& 4 Ed. VI. \IfIIERE in the Parliament holden at Mertonjn the twtntieih year*.of c« 3. the reign of King Henry the Third it is contained, That for because

many great men of England which-had enfeoffed knights and other their Every person free tenants of small tenements in their great manors, did complahTthat

bringing an they might not make their profits of the residue of their manors, as of

Assise upon any waste woods and pastures where the same feoffees had sufficient pasture Branch of as much as belonged unto their tenements, it was provided and granted, either of the That whatsoever persons so enfeoffed brought assize of novel disseisin

Statutes touch- of their common of pasture, and before the justices it were recognized ing Approve- that they had as much pasture as did suffice unto their tenements, and tnent of Wastes, < that they had free ingress and egress into and from their tenements &c. shall hsve «unto their pasture, that ihen they should therewith he contented, and urebleDamages. < tha.t they upon whom they had complained should depart quiet with 30 H. 3, «, 4. < that, that they might make their profit of their lands wastes woods and

(pastures; ana if it were said that they had not sufficient pasture or

VjiOOyiL

Class III.] Approvement and Inclosure of 'Commons. 4?#

* sufficient ingress and egress as much as doth belong unto their tene- No. Ill *

4 men Is as is abovesaid, that then the truth thereof should be enquired *SrA.

4 into by assise; and if it were recognized by the assise that their ingress, , *

4 and egress were in any thing letted by the same deforciators, or that V1*c *

4 they had not sufficient posture and sufficient ingress and egress as is above said, that then they should recover their seisin by view of the jurors, so that by the discretion and oath of them the complainants should have sufficient pasture and sufficient ingress and egress in form aforesaid; and that the disseisors should be in amerciament of the King,

4 and should yield damages as they were wont to do before the same provision:And if it were recognized by the assise, that the complainants had sufficient pasture with free ingress and egress as is above-men- tioned, That then the other might lawfully do their profit of the residue,

* and should' go quit from the same assise, as in the said estatute more plainly appeared^:

4II. And where also in the Parliament hidden at Westminster after By the Stat,

4 Easter the thirteenth year of the reign of King Kdward the First, it 13 Gd. I. it. 1, 4 was ordained, That where in the statute made at Merton, it was agreed c. 46, Lords of

* that lords of wastes woods and p^turcs might approve themselves of Manor* may their wastes woods and pastures notwithstanding the gainsaying and a£p.ro!J

4 contradiction of their tenants, whiles the same tenants had sufficient jbeirNeigli- pasture to their tenements, with free ingress and egress into end f rom bourB *

the same; And for that no mention was made between neighbour and neighbour, many lords of wastes woods and pastures unto that time were let by contradiction or gainsaying of neighbours having sufficient pasture; And forasmuch as foreign tenants have no greater right of commoning in the wood waste or pasture of any lord than the proper tenants of the same lord; it was trom thenccfurth Ordained, That the said statute provided at Merton between the lord and his tenants should have place from thenceforth between the lords of wastes woods and pastures and neighbours; saving sufficient pasture to their men and neighbours; so that the lords of the same wastes woods and pastures may approve themselves of the residue; and that the same should be observed of them that claim pasture as pertaining to their tenements:

4 But if any man claim common of pasture by special feoffment or grant to a certain number of beasts, or otherwise inun of common tight he ought to have it, w here covenant doth abrogate the law, he sh ill have suen recovery as he ought to have by form of the grant to him made.

4 And that by occasion of a whldntiirsheephouse dairy, augmentation cr increase of any court necessary or curtilage, from thenceforth no mail should be grieved by assise of novel disseisin of common of pasture:

4 And forasmuch as it hapneth sometime that some man having right to For what Causes approve to himself hath made or levied a ditch or. hedge, and other, by any may ap- night or such other time when they believe their deed should not be prove Common. 4 known, do or will cast down the same ditch or hedge, and that it cannot be known by verdict of assise or jury who did cast down the same ditch a Ditch or or hedge, nor the men of the*next towns will indict them that he guilty Hedge of of the same deeds; then the next townships adjoining about the same Ground ap- shall be distrained to levy or make up the same ditch or hedge at their proved, cast 4.proper costs, and to yield damages; as in the said estatute among other down by per- things more plainly appeared). ons unknown.

4 in And forasmuch as the aforesaid cstatutes been thought beneficial A Confirmation for the commonwealth of this realm of EnglandI3c it enacted by the of the aforesaid King our Sovereign Lord, with the assent of the Lords Spiritual and Statute of 20 Temporal and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and Hen. 3, c. 4, by’the authority of the same, That all and every the said statutes, and and 13 Edw. I. all branches clauses articles sentences matters and points contained and Suit.1, c.46. specified in them, and every of them now' not repealed, shall from hence- Vin* v* forth be good and effectual, and also to stand ana be in their full strength force anu effect.

IV. And because that such persons as shall bring assise of novel Treble Da-disseisin upon the said cstatutes or upon any of them, shall by force of mages in an the aame.estatutes recover but only single damages, which is thought^ As«i*e upon the

280

No. III.

3 & 4 Ed. VI. c.3.

Houses built upon Wastes with 3 Acres of Ground. 31 El. c. 7.

The overplus above three Acres shall be laid open.

29 Geo. II. c. 36.

Statute of Merton.

13 Ed. 3, c. 46.

3&4 Ed. 6, c.3.

35 H.3, c. 17.

Approvement and Jnclosure of Commons. [Part II.

be a small recommence for the same: Therefore be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such person and persons as shall at any time hereafter bring assise upon any branch or article of the said estatutes or any of them, and have judgment to recover, shall have his or their damages trebled by the judgment of the court where such assise and judgment shall he had.

V. And where in divers countries of this realm there hath been builded upon commons or waste grounds certain necessary houses with ground under the quantity of three acres, and not above three acres enclosed to and with the same; and in some place there is enclosed a 4 garden orchard or pond out of or in such wastes or grounds which exceed not the auantity of two acres or thereabouts, which doth no hurt* and yet is uiucn commodity to the owner thereof and to others; * Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said two former Acts nor any of them, nor any thing in them or any of them contained, shall extend to any such house ground or other thing so inclosed as is last hereinbefore-mentioned, ne shall cause any person or persons to lose or forfeit any pain damage or penalty for the same.

VI. Provided always and be it enacted, Th$t if any such house hath been heretofore builded upon any such waste ground as is aforesaid, and that there be above the number of three acres enclosed to the same, that then the said house and three acres parcel of the same enclosure shall still remain stand abide and continue in like and the same form and degree a* it now doth; and that the overplus of the said three acres so enclosed as is aforesaid, shall and may be laid open by the owner or owners of the same wastes; any thing in this Act or in any of the said former Acts ta the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

[No. IV.] 29 George II. c. 36.—An Act for inclosing *

by the mutual Consent of the Lords and Tenants, Part of any Common for the Purpose of planting and preserving Trees fit for Timber or Underwood; and for more effectually preventing the unlawful Destruction of Trees.

4 YLfHEREA^ by the statute made at Merton, it was provided and granted. That lords of wastes woods and pastures in which their tenants liave common of pasture, reserving to their tenants sufficient pasture as much as belongeth to their tenements, with sufficient ingress and egress to the same, may approve the residue of such wastes woods and pastures: And whereas by a statute made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Edward the Third, commonly called The Statute of Westminster the Second, it was ordained, That the said statute of Merton should hold place between lords of wastes woods and pastures, and their neighbours having common appur- tenant therein; and provision is thereby made against casting down dikes and hedges levied by such as have right so to approve: And whereas by an Act made in the third and fourth year of the reign of King Edward the Sixth, intituled An Act concerning the Approvements K 4 of Moors and Waste Ground *, the said statutes and all articles thereof then not repealed were confirmed: And whereas the said provisions for the approvement of wastes woods and pastures have been in many cases rendered ineffectual by the contradiction and dissent of a few persons having right of common in the said wastes woods and pastures; who under pretence that sufficient pasture is not reserved to them, disturb the lords of such wastes woods and pastures or their assigns, in the possession of the ground and soil so approved, and discourage them from asserting their right to make or continue such approvement: And whereas the general provisions made by an Act of the thirty-filth year of the reign of King Hrnry the Eighth, and by several other Acts of Parliament for preserving woods; and the particular provisions made by two several Acts of Parliament of the twentieth

VjCJOVlC

Class III.] Approvement and Inclomre of Commons. 281

4 year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the No. IV.

4 Increase and Preservation of Timber within the Forest of Dean; and the ▼▼

1 other of the ninth and tenth year of the reign of King William the *

1 Third, intituled An Act for the Increase and Preservation rf Timber in c *

the New Forest, in the County of Southampton; whereby part of the 1 v "1M 4

4 waste lands of the said several forests are directed to be inclosed and 20 Car. 2, c. 3.

1 kept in severalty for the growth and preservation of timber, have not 9 & jo W. 3 4 been duly put in execution: And whereas, for want of a proper supply Ci’ *

4 of timber of the growth of this kingdom, a great quanuty of foreign timber is necessarily used for building ships and houses, and for other purposes; and the general price of timber and wood is greatly increased:

4 And whereas many tracts of waste land, unfit for tillage or pasture, but capable of producing different kinds of trees, may conveniently be inclosed for the growth of timber and underwood, to the advantage both of the owners of the ground and soil of such wastes, and also such as (have right of common therein; and such inclosure will also be of public utility y Be it therefore enacted by the King*s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it snail and may be lawful to and for his Majesty his propri^ of heirs and successors, and all other owner's of wastes woods ana pastures Wastes, &c.and in that part of Great Britain called England, wherein any person or per- Persona having sons, or body or bodies politic or corporate, hath or have right of common right of Com-of pasture, by and with the assent of the major part in number and value mon, of the owners and occupiers of tenements to which the said right of common of pasture doth belong, and to and for the major part in number and value of the owners and occupiers of such tenements, by and with the assent of the owner or owners of the said wastes woods and pastures, and to and for any other person or persons or body politic or corporate, by and with the assent and grant of the owner or owners of such wastes woods may inclose for and pastures, and the major part in number and value of the owners and planting and occupiers of such tenements, to inclose and keep in severity for the preservingTim-growth and preservation of timber or undeiwood any part of such wastes woods and pastures, for such time and in such manner and upon such conditions as shall be agreed by them respectively.

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, If any recom-That in case any recompence shall be agreed to be given for such inclo- pence be agreed sure, to or to the benefit of the owners and occupiers of tenements to to be given; in which the right of common in such wastes woods and pastures doth wh*t manner belong, such recompence shall be made either by a grant of a share of "me " be the profit which shall arise from the sale of the timber or underwood growing on the ground or soil so inclosed, or by a grant of other lands P*’ tenements or hereditaments; or by some annuity or rent-charge issuing out of the said ground or soil so inclosed, or out of other lands tenements or hereditaments; or shall be paid in money to be placed out at interest on public securities, or laid out in the purchase of lands tenements or hereditaments, or of some annuity or rent-charge issuing out of lands tenements or hereditaments; and the produce of such lands tenements or hereditaments, or such annuity or rent-charge, or the interest of such money until the same shall be laid out in such purchase as aforesaid, shall be paid from time to time to the overseers or overseer of the poor of the said parish or township, and shall be by them or him applied towards the relief of the poor of the parish or township where such wastes woods or pastures shall lie, and accounted for in such manner as the rates for relief of the poor are by law directed to be accounted for; and in case the owner or owners of any such wastes woods or pastures and the major If Lords «nd part in number and value of the owners and occupiers of the tenements to Tenants join, which such right of common doth belong, shall jointly a°rce to assign &c.howrecom-and grant'their respective right and interest in any part of the said wastes p«h* is to be woods or pastures, tor the purpose of making such inclosures as aforesaid, made to to any other person or persons or body politick or corporate; and the I-01^ owner or owners of such wastes woods and pastures shall not have an estate in fee-simple therein, or shall be disabled or restrained from alie383

No. IV.

39 Geo. LL c. 36.

Parish willing to purchase for Employment of their Poor.

Recompence, &e. to be paid cut of P90TS Rate, Ac. c.

Appeal.

In case no Appeal, Agreement to stand good.

Bodies Politick, Guardians, and Trustees, hn-powered to agree.

If Trees be unlawfully cnt or destroyed,

Approvement and IncJosur eof Comm [ftrt B.

noting the same, the recompence to be paid to any such owner or owners shall be either by a grant of a share of the profit which shall from time to time arise from the sale of the timber or underwood growing on the ground or soil so inclosed, or by a grant of other lands tenements or here- oitaments, or of an annuity or rent-charge issuing out of the said ground or soil so inclosed, or out of other lands tenements or hereditaments; such equivalent to be hold and enjoyed by the owner or owners of such wastes woods and postures, and such as shall be intiiled to the sane in reversion remainder or succession, in like manner as the estate in such wastes woods or pastures is limited to be held and enjoyed; and in case the inhabitants ot any parish or townstiip shall he willing to acquire such right of inclosure for the employment and benefit of the poor of the said parish or township, and any recompence shall be agreed to be given for the same, it shall and may be lawful for the overseer or overseers of the poor of such parish or township (by the consent and direction of the mayor part of the innabitants thereof, assembled at a vestry or publick meeting to be held for Unit purpose, publick notice being first given of such intended vestry or meeting in the church or chapel belonging to such parish or township on three Sunday* at the least before such vestry or meeting shall be held) to pay or purchase such recompence out of any monies arising from the raus raised or to be raised for the relief of the poor; and out of such monies to pay from time to time such charges anil ex-peaces as shall be necessary for inclosing and preserving such grounds so inclosed; and such overseers or overseer shall from time to time apply the profit which shall arise from the sale of the timber or underwood growing thereon towards the relief of the poor of the said parish or township; and shall account for Uie same in like manner an he and they is and are by law obliged to account for the rates collected tbr the relief of the poor.

III. Provided always, That every agreement for any such inclosure shall be in writing and signed by the parties, and the same shall be registered ant! inroHed by the clerk of the peace for the county riding or division where such wastes woods or pastures, or the greater part of them shall lie, within three months next alter the execution of such agreement.

IV. Provided also and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all persons or bodies politic or corporate, who shall think themselves iqjured or aggrieved by such agreement, or for any person* in their behalf, within six months next after any such agreement shall be registered and enrolled in manner aforesaid, to make complaint thereof by appeal to the justices of the peace at any Quarter Sessions to be held for the same county riding or division, who are hereby authorised and reSuired to hear and determine such appeal, and whose determination lerein shall be final; and if no such appeal shall he made, then the said agreement so registered and enrolled as aforesaid shall be for ever binding to all persons whatsoever, without any further or other appeal.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, . That it shall and may be lawful to and for all bodies politick or corporate whether aggregate or sole, and all feoffees in trust executors administrators guardians committees or other trustees whatsoever for and on the behalf of any infants femes covert lunatics ideots or other persons whatsoever, and the husbands of femes covert who shall be seised possessed of or interested in any such waste wood or paslurc, or any right of common in such wastes woods or pastures, to agree to any such in- . closure; and all such agreements so made shall be valid to all intents and purposes; and such bodies politick or corporate feoffees in trust executors administrators guardians committees and other trustees and husbands of femes covert shall be indemnified for what they shall so do by virtue of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person from and after the lime hereby limited for bringing such appeal against any inch agreement for the inclosure of any part of such wastes woods or postures, shall either by day or by night unlawfully cut take destroy break throw down bark pluck up burn deface spoil or carry away

Glass 111.] Approvement and Inclosure of Commons.

any trees growing within any such inclosure without the consent of the owner or owners thereof, such owner or owners shall have such remedy and have and receive such satisfaction and recorn pence of and from the inhabitants of the parishes towns hamlets villages or places adjoining to such inclosures, and recover such damages against the in* habitants of such parishes towns hamlets villages of places adjoining, and in the same manner and form as is directed for dikes and hedges overthrown by the said Act made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Edward the First, unless the offender or offenders shall be convicted of such offence within the space of six months next after the commission thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful to and fur any two justices of the peace of the county riding division city town liberty or place wherein any such offence shall be committed, or for the justices of the peace for such county riding division city town liberty or place, in open Sessions, upon complaint to them made, to cause every such offender to be apprehended for such trespass, and to hear and determine the same, and to inflict the like penalty and punishment on every offender by them convicted as is directed to be inflicted on offenders by an Act made in the sixih year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the first Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled (1) An Act to encourage ttic planting of timber trees fruit trees and other trees for ornament shelter or profit; and for the better preservation of the same; and for the preventing the burning of woods; and for the better preservation of the fences of such woods.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person from and after the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-six shall unlawfully cut take'destroy break throw duWn bark pluck up buru deface spoil or carry away any tree growing in any waste wood or pasture, in which any person or persons or body or bodies politick or corporate hath or have right of common, every such offender shall and may be in like manner convicted of such offence, and shall incur the 1 ke penally.

IX. And whereas by an Act made in the ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty King Geougf. the First, intituled An Act for the more effectual punish tup wicked ami evil-disposed Persons going armed in Di$-4 guise, and doing Injuries atul Violence to the Persons ami Properties of His. Majesty's Subjects, and for the more easy-bringing Offenders to Jut- lice; it is amongst other tilings enacted. That the inhabitants of every hundred within that part of Great Britain called England, shall make full satisfaction and amends to all and every person and persons their executors and administrators lor the damages they shall have sustained or suffered by the cutting down or destroying any trees which shall.be 4 done or committed by any offender or offenders against the said Act, to be recovered in manner as by the Act is directed:And whereas doubts have arisen whether the provision made by the said Act made in die ninth year of the reign of his said late Majesty has not repealed and annulled the remedy given by the said Acts of the first and sixth years of the reign of his said late Majesty:’ For obviating the said doubt; Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-six, it shall and may be lawful lor any person or body politic or corporate to take remedy for the before mentioned damages cither against the parish towu hamlet vill or place where any of the said offences shall be committed, according to the powers given by the said Acts of the first or sixth years of his said late Majesty’s reign, or on the hundred wherein any of’ the said offences shall be committed, os to such person or body politick or corporate shall seem most meet; any thing in the said Act -made in the ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any

No. IV. 29 Geo. U

C.B6.

Diqaageateke

made good by the adjoining Parishes; unless, See.

Offences to be determined by two Justices, or at the Sessions. Penalty on Conviction, the same as by 6 Geo. I. c. 16. See farther 31 Geo. II. c. 41 by which this Act is amended.

Trees on commonable Grounds in like manner, &c.

Doubts arising on 9 Geo. I. c. 22, sec. 7, obviated.

and remedy for Damages mentioned in the said Clause, may be taken according to the Acts of lGeo.l . c. 8, and 6 G. I. c. 1G.

General Issue.

(1) See this Act as referred totin the Chronological Table.

284

No. IV.

99 Geo. II.

c. 36.

Treble Cotta

Approvement and Inclosure of Commons. [Part H.

action shall be brought against any person fur any matter or thing done by virtue or in execution of this Act, the defendant or defendants in every sush action shall and may plead the general issue, and give this Act and the special matter or evidence on any trial to be had in such action; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue such action or become nun* suit, or if judgment shall be given against such plaintiff, then the defendant or defendants in every such action shall recover treble costs of suit.

31 Geo. 11. c. 41.

Preamble reciting several Clauses in Act 29 Geo. II. c.3*.

[No. V.] 31 George II. c. 41.—An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of his presen Majesty’s Reign, intituled An Act for inclosing, by the mutual consent of the Lords and Tenants, Part of any Common, for the Purpose of planting and preserving Trees Jit for Timber or Underwood: and for more effectually preventing the unlawful Destruction of Trees.

ItfliEREAS by an Act made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for inclosing by the mutual Consent of the Lin'd and Tenants part of any Common, for the Purpose of planting and preserving Trees Jit for Timber or Underwood; and for more effectually preventing the unlawful Destruction of Trees; it is among other tnings enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty his heirs and successors, and all other owners of wastes woods and pastures in that part of Great Britain called England, wherein any person or persons or body or bodies politic or corporate hath or have a right of common of pasture, by and with the assent of the major part in number and value of the owners and occupiers of tenements to which the said right of common of pasture doth belong, and to and for the major part in number and value of the owners and occupiers of such tenements, by and with the assent of the owner or owners of the said wastes woods and pastures, and to and for any other person or persons or body politic or corporate, by and with the assent and grant of the owner or owners of such w'astes woods and pastures, and the major part in number and value of the owners and occupiers of such tenements, to inclose and keep in severalty for the growth and preservation of timber or underwood any part of such wastes woods and pastures, for such time and in such manner and upon such conditions as shall he agreed by them respectively: And w hereas it is by the said Act provided, That in case any recompence shall be agreed to be given for such in closure to or for the benefit of the ownere and occupiers of the tenements to which the right of common in such wastes woods and pastures doth belong, such recompence shall be made either by a grant of a shore of the profit w’hich shall arise from the sale of the timber or underwood growing on the ground or soil so inclosed, or by a grant of other lands tenements or herditaroents, or by some annuity or rent charge issuing out of the said ground or soil so inclosed, or out of other lands tenements or hereditaments, or shall be paid in money to be placed out at interest on public securities, or laid out in the purchase of lands tenements or hereditaments, or of some annuity or rent charge issuing out of lands tenements or hereditaments; and the produce of such lands tenements or hereditaments, or such annuity or rent charge, or the interest of such money, until the same shall be laid out in such purchase as aforesaid, shall be paid from time to time to the overseers or overseer of the poor of the said parish or township, and shall be by them or him applied towards the relief of the poor of the parish or township where such wastes woods or pastures shall lie, and accounted for in such manner as the rates for relief of the poor are by law directed to be accounted for: And whereas in many cases the right of common of pasture in the ground or soil inclosed, or intended to be inclosed, may not belong to all the owners and occupiers of tenements

Class III.] Approvement and Inclosure of Commons.

within the parishes or townships wherein such wastes woods or pastures shall lie: And whereas the owners and occupiers of such tenements to which such peculiar right of common doth belong may refuse their assent to an inclosure the recompence for which is applicable to the general relief of the poor of the parish, and not to them in proportion to their particular interests; and yet they may be willing to accept a different recompence from that which is provided by the said Act; Be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of Augutl one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, every recompence to be made by virtue of the said Act shall be made to die person or persons interested in the said right of common, in proportion to their respective interest or interests therein; and not to be paid to the overseer or overseers of the poor, as is directed by the said Act.

* II. And whereas doubts may arise whether tenants for life or for

* terms of years, determinable upon one or more life or lives, be owners

* within the meaning of this Act, and that of the twenty-ninth of his present Majesty’s reign; * Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the powers given to such owners by this Act, and the said Act of the twenty-ninth of his present Majesty’s reign, may be executed by such tenants for life or years during their respective interests.

III. Provided always, That nothing done by such tenants for life or tends of years by virtue of this Act, or by the Act of the twenty-ninth year of his present Majesty’s reign, shall have effect or continuance after the determination of the estate of such tenants for life or terms of years.

[No. VI.] 13 George III. c. 81.—An Act for the better

Cultivation Improvement and Regulation of the Common Arable Fields Wastes and Commons of Pasture in this Kingdom.

13 Geo. III. c. 81.

4 UWHEREAS there are, in several parishes and places in this kingdom,

4 several wastes and commons, and several open and common fields,

* which by reason of the different interests the several land owners and occupiers, or persons having the right of common, have in such wastes commons ana fields, cannot be improved cultivated or enjoyed to such great advantage for the owners and occupiers thereof, and persons having right of common as they might be, and are capable of, if an improved course of husbandry was to be pursued, respecting such open ana common fields, in each parish respectively and such wastes or commons of pasture were to be properly drained, or otherwise amended may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in How mbit every ptfrish or place in this kingdom, where there are open or common lands be field lands, all the tillage or arable lands lying in the said open or com- fenced, xnon fields shall be ordered fenced cultivated and improved in such manner, by the respective occupiers thereof, and shall De kept ordered and continued in such course of husbandry, and be cultivated under such rules regulations and restrictions as three-fourths in number and value of the occupiers of such open or common field lands in each parish or place, cultivating and taking the crops of the same, and having the consent of the owners in manner hereinafter mentioned, and likewise the consent of the rector impropriator or tithe owner, or the lessee of either of them respectively, first haa in writing, shall, at a meeting (in pursuance of notice for that purpose in writing, under the hands of one-third of such occupiers, to be affixed on one of the principal doors of the parish church chapel or place where meetings have been usually held for such parish or place respectively, twenty-one days, at least, before such meeting, specifying the time and place of such meeting,) by writing under their

No* VI.

13 Goo* III. o. 81.

• Roles not to be longer binding than six yean. Field Master how to be appointed.

Expenceshow to be defrayed.

Oceugien of

common Field Lands in every Parish how to assemble and elect Field Reeves.

Approvement and Inclosure of Commons• [Part It

hands, constitute direct and appoint; and which notice any of such occupiers are hereby authorised and impowered to give.

•II. Provided always, That the rules regulations and restrictions so agreed upon shall not he in force or binding upon any of the parties thereto, for any longer terra than six years, or two rounds, according to the ancient and established course of each parish or place respectively.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at every such meeting to be had as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the major part in number and value of the occupiers (then present) of stieh o|»en or common field lands, in each parish or place respectively, to elect and chuse one or mure proper person or persons as field master or field reeve, field masters or field rte\ es, to superintend the ordering fencing cultivating and improving of such open and common fields, and to see that tho same are kept ordered ana continued in such a course of husbandry as shall be constituted directed and appointed at such meeting. in manner aforesaid; and that such field master or field reeve, so to be elected and chosen as aforesaid, shall continue in the said office until the twenty-first day of May then next following, or within three days after, and no longer, unless he or they shall be thereto re-elected and chosen in manner hereinafterdirected.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all costs charges and expences necessary for the carrying on any such plan of ordering fencing cultivating or improving into execution as snail be agreed upon in manner aforesaid\ and which shall, at any meeting to be held aner six days’ notice having been given in manner herein before directed, by the major part in number and value of the occupiers aforesaid then present, be deemed common expenses^ and, for the general benefit of the said occupiers, shall be borne paid and defrayed proportionably by all the occupiers of such open and common field lands, according to the value of the lands and grounds each person or persons shall have m such open and common field lauds; and for the raising the same, one or more assessment or assessments, upon all and every the occupiers of common* field lands in each parish respectively, shall be made levied and collected by such person and persons, and allowed in such manner, as such majority of the occupier? of such open and common field lands, at such meeting to be had as aforesaid, shall direct and appoint in that behalT; and the money thereby raised shall be employed and accounted* for, according to the orders and directions of such majority of the occupiers of such common field lands, for and towards the better cultivation of the said common field lands, from time to time, as need shall require; and the said assessment shall, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and seal of one justice of peace of the county wherein such common field lands shall lie, be leviecl by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of every person so assessed and not paying the same, within ten days after demand; rendering the overplus of the value of the goods so distrained (if any/to the owner or owners of such goods and chattels, after deducting the costs and charges of taking and making such distress and sale.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thai it shall and may he lawful to and for the occupiers of open and common field lands, in any parish or place where any rules orders or regulations shall have been agreed upon, tor the ordering fencing cultivating or inoprovhvg of such lands, in pursuance of this Act, and they are hereby required to meet and assemble at some convenient place, yearly and* every year, on the twenty-first day of May, or within three days after, in pursuance of six days’ notice to be given of the time and place of such mooting by one-third of the occupiers, in manner aforesaid, then and there to elect and chose one or more proper person or persons to be the field master or field reeve, field masters or field reeves, for the year ensuing; and that such person or persons who shall, by the major part of the occupiers of the aid lands present at such meeting, be chosen field master or field reeve, field masters or field reeves, to superintend the ordering fencing citifr-yating and improving of the said common field lands, ana to see* that the nine are cultivated according to the rules orders and re^vd^m^getod

Class III.] Approvement and htdosttre of Com

m

upon at the general meeting for that purpose, and shall contra r/e jQ the So. VI. said office for one whole year, unless he snail die or be removed, by virtue •« rt jjt of the power and authority herein after given in that behalf.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That c* if any field master or field reeve, so to be chosen in pursuance of this Act,

shalL within the year in which he shall be so chosen refuse or neglect to attend the said business, or shall die, or remove to an inconvenient distance, or become bankrupt, or have execution against his body or goods,

.or by sickness or otherwise be rendered incapable of executing his said office; that then, and in either of the said cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the occupiers of the said lands (after six days* notice for that purpose to be given in manner aforesaid,) to elect and chuse, in manner aforesaid, one other fit and proper person to be the field master or field reeve for the remainder of that year, in the place and stead of the former field master or field reeve falling under either of the descriptions aforesaid:

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it Occupiers at shall and may be lawful to and for three-fourths in number and value of Meetings, to the occupiers of open and common field lands, present at any meeting settle the time In be held in pursuance of fourteen days* notice at least, previous to the of opening Corn-usual time of opening such common field lands, to be given for that par- mon F*«ld pose in manner aforesaid, to postpone the opening such common field hands, lands for such reasonable time as at such meeting shall be thought necessary by such majority as aforesaid, and to settle and determine now long

such common fields shall continue open, and to limit and settle the number of cattle each occupier in such jwirish or place shall respectively turn on such common fields, in due proportion to the stint or established usage in such perish cr place.

VUI. Provided always, nevertheless, and be it enacted by the autho- Cottagennct lity aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to tobeexduded extend to exclude any cottager, or other person or persons whomsoever, Right of Com* having right Of common, and having no land in any of the said common mon. fields, from having and enjoying his or their right of common, in as full and ample manner as he could and might have enjoyed the same before the passing of this Act, unless such cottager or other |>erson shall, at any meeting to be held by the occupiers of such common field lands in manner aforesaid, consent or agree, in writing, to a composition forsueh right, by an annual payment, or other annual advantage or compensation, or to a limitation thereof; in which case such consent and agreement shall be binding and conclusive upon every such person so agreeing, his heirs and assigns, tenants and occupiers, until such time as the rules orders and regulations for the ordering fencing cultivating and improving of the said common field lands, existing at the time of giving such consent, shall expire.

IX. Provided always, nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the How Common authority aforesaid, That if the occupiers of the said common field lands Field Landb shall, at times when the said fields have been usually enjoyed m common ', may be enjoyed consent and agree not to depasture the same in common, and shall allot differently by

other persons as aforesaid, to be enjoyed exclusively by them; that then, and in such case, such cottagers and other persons shall not use exercise or enjoy their right of common over such parts of the said common field lkads as are not used in common by the occupiers thereof, but only over soeh part thereof as shall for such lime be allotted them for that purpose, and set apart as aforesaid; any law usage or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That String of Right nothing herein contained shall exclude any person or persons seised or toaepante possessed of a separate sheep walk, or pasture of cattle, in or over aH or Shay WaUa, any of the common field lands in any parish or place, or in or ever any part &«• thereof, from using exercising and enjoying such right in as fun and

Balks, &c. with consent of the Lords of Manors, &c. may be ploughed.

388 Approvement and Inclosure of Commons. [Part ft.

No. VI. ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as he might or could have en-13 Geo III J0^ 881, 116 ^e^orc l^e passini? this Act, unless such person or persons,

o A1* having such right as aforesaid, shall consent or agree in writing, at any

meeting of occupiers to be held as aforesaid, to a composition for the same, or a limitation thereof; in which case every such consent and agreement shall be binding and conclusive upon every person so agreeing, and upon every other person coming to the possession of such sheep walk or pasture for cattle, by descent or otherwise, until such time as the rules orders and regulations for the cultivation of the said common field lands existing at the time of entering into such agreement shall expire.

4 XI. And whereas balks slades or meers, which may be waste, do often lie very inconveniently interspersed amongst the arable lands in common field, ’ be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons whomsoever, having land in any open or common fields adjoining to any such balks slades or meers being wastes, with the consent of the lord or lords lady or ladies of the respective manors wherein such balks slades or meers do lie, and likewise of the person or persons who may have a separate sheep walk in the said fields, and with the consent of three-fourths in number and value of the occupiers of such common field lands, to be signified at any meeting to be held in manner aforesaid, to plough up any of the said balks slades or meers, and convert the same into tillage under the regulations to be settled as aforesaid.

XII. Provided always, nevertheless, and be it enacted, That no balk or meer that has heretofore been used as a publick road, or as a private road, by any person or persons, to or from his or their own house or lands, be so ploughed up.

Regulations to XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority afore-be observed by said, That all and every person and persons, who shall have licence in persons having! manner aforesaid, to plough up and convert into tillage any balk slade " T: or meer, shall, before he or they begin to plough up the same, lay down

in husband-like manner, under the direction of the field master or field reeve for the time being, in a more convenient part, of the said field, as much of his or their own land as shall be equal in value to the land he or they shall so have licence to plough as aforesaid; and that such laud so laid down shall be common land, ' and so continue until the regulations then existing for cultivating such common field lands shall expire.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the person or persons ploughing any such balk slade or meer shall, by proper bound stones, sufficiently mark and distinguish the several lands ploughed and the several lands laid down in lieu thereof, so that the property thereof, and each person’s right therein, may be clearly known and ascertained.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord or lords lady or ladies of any manor, with the consent of three-fourths of the persons having right of common upon the wastes and commons within his her or their manor, at a meeting to be held after fourteen days’ notice, such notice to be given in manner herein before directed by the lord or lords lady or ladies of the manor, or their agent respectively, at any time or times to demise or lease for any term or number of years, not exceeding four years, any part of such wastes and commons not exceeding a twelfth part thereof, for the best and most improved yearly rent that can by publick auction be got for the same; and that the clear net rents reserved to the lord or lords lady or ladies, his her or their heirs executors administrators or assigns, by any lease or leases to be granted as aforesaid, shall be by him her or them, and the major part of his her or their tenants, applied in the draining fencing or otherwise improving of the residue of such wastes and commons.

to XVI. Provided always, nevertheless, and be it enacted by the authority levied for aforesaid, That in every manor where there are stinted commons, in lira improving of Wastes where there are stinted Commons.

m Licence to plough Balks,

Boundary Stqnea may be erected.

Lords of Manors, &c. with consent mav lease s twelfth part, &c.

Class III.] Approvement and Inclosure of Commons.

of demising or leasing part thereof, one or more assessment or assess* ments upon the lord or lords lady or ladies of such manor, and the persons being owners or occupiers of such commons, or their agents or managers, shall or may at their option be made levied and collected by such person and persons, and allowed in such manner as the lord or lords lady or ladies of such manor, and the major part in number and value of the owners or occupiers of such commons, present at a meeting to be held within the said manor, in pursuance of fourteen days’ notice to be given by the lord or lords lady or ladies, or his her or their agent, in manner aforesaid, of the time and place of meeting for that purpose, shall direct and appoint in that behalf; and the money thereby raised shall be employed ana accounted for according to the orders and directions of the said lord or lords lady or ladies, and such majority of the owners or oceu-piers as aforesaid, in the improvement of such commons from time to time as need shall require; and the said assessments shall by virtue of a warrant under the hand and seal of one justice of the peace, be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of every person so assessed, and not paying the same within ten days after being demanded, rendering the overplus of the value of the goods so distrained (if any) to the owner and owners thereof, the necessary charges of making such distress and sale being first deducted.

* XVII. And whereas there are in may parts of this kingdom certain stinted commons of pasture which arc never enjoyed in severalty, but which are at certain times shut up for the better growth of the pasture,

4 and opened on certain fixed days, from which, in particular circumstances and seasons, great inconveniences do and may arise; ’ be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Stinted Corn-major part in number and value of the owners and occupiers of such com- mom to be mun pastures, present at a meeting to be held after six days’ notice at least opened at a given, in manner herein before directed, with the consent of the lord or certain timet fords lady or ladies of the manor, or his her or their steward or agent, to Ac. c. postpone the opening of the s&i J common pastures for a time not exceeding twenty-one days.

4 XVIII. And whereas there are in many places common pastures with stinted or limited rights of common therein which are open the whole year, and it would be attended with great advantages to the commoners to shut up and unstock the same at particular seasonsbe it Two-thirds of enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to commoners, and fur two-thirds in number and value of such commoners, at a meeting with consent, to be holden after fourteen days' notice given in manner herein-before di- Ac. c. may direct reeled, with the consent of the lord or lords -lady or ladies of the manor t}le opening and or manors in which such commons are situated, his her or their steward Glutting oFcom-or stewards agent or agents, to direct order and fix die time when such "on PMtu^ei» common pastures shall tie broke or depastured, and when the same shall &c* be shut up and unstocked; such orders to continue in force forgone whole year and no longer.

XIX. Provided nevertheless, That a portion of such common pastures shall be separated and set apart for the use of such commoners exclusively as snail not consent to such regulation, and the portion so set apart shall be adjudged by a majority of such commoners not consenting as aforesaid, an equivalent for their rights of common.

XX. And whereas many stinted common pastures in this kingdom are frd and depastured by horses beasts or neat cattle, and in many instances it would tend to the improvement of such common pastures,

4 and to the better manuring and cultivation of the arable kinds in com-♦ mon fields or otherwise, to which such common pastures may belong, if the same were fed with sheepbe it therefore enacted by the authority Penons having aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the major partin Right of Corn-number and value of the penons bavins right of common in such common may demon pastures, at any meeting to be nela in pursuance of notice in Pastur Sheep writing under the hauds of a major part of such owners and oecupien of *J*t9*1 of other such common pastures or persons having right of common therein, to be CatUt# affixed on the principal door of the parish church of the parish where


390

No. VI.

13 Geo. III. c 81.

Runt.

Penons formerly under disability, under this Act, may sign Agreements *

Rectors or Tithe Owners, not to receive' Gratuity for letting Tithes, Ac. c.

All Agreements made to be valid.

Consent of Occupiers not valid, without written authority, &c.

Actions may be brought at ’Westminster.

Approvement and Inclosure of [Part II.

such common pastures shall lie, or of the nearest parish church where such lands shall lie in an extra-parochial place, ten days at least previous to such meeting, specifying the time and place and intent of such meeting, by writing under their hands, to alter and change the manner and custom of feeding and depasturing such common pastures, so far as instead of horses cows and other cattle, to allow the same to be fed and depastured with sheep at the option of each person respectively having right of common; and to limit and stint the number of sheep each such person having right of common in such common pastures shall respectively feed and depasture thereon, in due proportion to their respective stints or rights.

* XXI. And whereas the improvement of the breed of sheep is a matter of great national importance, and die turning of rams upon wastes and open common fields at certain times of the year has been found to be very prejudicialbe it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no ram shall be turned upon or be suffered to remain upon any wastes or common fields, between the twenty-fifth day of August and the twenty-fifth day of November in every year.

XXII. And whereas several of the owners and proprietors of wastes commons and common field lands, may, at the time of any meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, be incapable through various impediments of entering into any of the agreements hereby authorised to be made, for the better ordering fencing cultivating and improving of common arable fields wastes and commons of pasture in this kingdom, 4 without the aid and authority of parliament; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the husbands guardians trustees committees or known agent or receiver of any owner and proprietor of wastes commons and common field lands, and of any person having a right or interest therein, being under coverture minors lunatics or beyond the seas, and for every or any of them for the time being; and also to and for all and every or any of the said owners and occupiers, being tenants in tail, tenants by the courtesy of England, or tenants for life only, and to and for every or any of them respectively for the time being, to enter into and sign any agreement to be made in pursuance of this Act.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority afore* said. That no rector or tithe owner in right of his rectory vicarage or curacy, or the lessee of either of them respectively, who shall agree for or let his tithes of the said common field lands during the said term of six years or any part thereof, shall receive any fine foregift gratuity or compensation whatever, other than by equal half-yearly or yearly payments.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every agreement so entered into in pursuance of this Act, shall be good valid and effectual in the law for the purposes thereby intended, notwithstanding the want of legal title in the said owner or owners, or in the said husbands guardians trustees committees agents or receivers, or in the persons acting as such, or in the said tenants in tail, tenants by the courtesy of England, or tenants for life only, any settlement or settlements will or wills to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no consent of any occupier of lands in such common arable fields, or of a separate sheep walk therein, to any such first agreement, for the ordering fencing cultivating and improving of such common fields, to be made by the authority of or in pursuance of this Act, shall be good and valid, unless such occupier shall, at the time of entering into such agreement, produce a written authority for that purpose under the hand of the owner or proprietor guardian or trustee; or in case of such owner not being a minor, and being in parts beyond the seas, of the known agent of such owner.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any owner or occupier of any common field lands or of any part thereof, for the better cultivation whereof any rules and regulations shall have

Class lit.] Approvement and Inclosure of Common». 291

been agreed upon in pursuance of the powers and authorities given by No. VI. this Act, shall not conform to such rules and regulations, or shall wilfully q deviate therefrom in any respect whatsoever, that then and in such case 10 11 *•

it shall and may be lawful to and for any owner or owners or occupier or Cm occupiers of any part of such common field lands, who may have been damnified by a breach of the regulations aforesaid, to bring one or more action or actions of trespass, or upon the case, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster against the person or persons so offending; and if in any such action soto be brought as aforesaid a verdict shall be given for the plaintiff or he shall recover judgment by default? that then and in such case the party or parties so offending shall answer to the party grieved all such damages as shall be recovered in such action, together with double costs of suit.

XXVlf. Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall prevent or extend to prevent any person or persons from inclosing all or any part or parts of his her or their land, to and for his her or their own use or benefit, such person or persons having full power or right so to do.

XXVIII. Saving always to the King's most Excellent Majesty, his Saving all heirs and successors, and to all and every lord or lords lady or ladies Righta, Ac. c. of any manor or manors, and to all and every other person and persons bodies politick or corporate, his her and their heirs successors executors and administrators (other than and except the respective persons their heirs successors executors and administrators, who may in consequence of this Act being duly carried into execution, become subject to the provisions and regulations thereby authorised to be made,) all such estate interest and rights, as they every or any of them had or enjoyed in and over the said common arable fields wastes and commons of pasture, before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had and enjoyed in case the same had not been made.

[No. VII.] 41 George III. (U. K.) c. 109.—An Act for consolidating in one Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inelosurej and for facilitating the -mode of proving the several facts usually required on the passing of such Acts. — [2d July, 1801 .J WHEREAS in order to diminish the expence attending the passing of 4 f Acts of Inclosure, it is expedient that certain clauses usually contained in such Acts should be comprised in one law, and certain regulations adopted for facilitating the mode of proving the several facts usually required by Parliament on the passing of such acts; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no person shall be capable of acting as a commissioner in the execution of any of the powers to be given by any Act hereafter to be passed for dividing aHoting or inclosing any lands or grounds, except the power of signing and giving notice of the first meeting of the commissioner or commissioners for executing any such Act, and of administering the oath or affirmation herein-after directed, until he shall have taken and subscribed the oath or affirmation following:

4 T A. B. do swear [or, being one of the people called Quakers, do solemnly affirm], that I will faithfully impartially and honestly, according to the best of my skill and ability, execute and perform the several trusts powers and authorities vested and reposed in me as a Commissioner, by virtue of an Act for [here insert the title of the Act] according to equity and good conscience, and without favour or affection prejudice or partiality, to any person or persons whomsoever. So help me GOD. ’

Which oath or affirmation it shall be lawful for any one of the commissioners, where more than one shall be appointed by any such Act, or any

41 G. III. c. 109.

No Pexson shall act as a Commissioner under any future Inclosure Act, (except signing Notice of first Meeting and administering Oath) until he shall have taken the Oath herein prescribed.

new Commissioners shall be unrolled with the Award, and a Copy shall U 2

Oaths Sc Appoint me<rf of be Evidence.

292 No. VII. 41 Geo. HI, c. 109.

Commiatiooen declining to act ahall pee Notice to the others:

No Cornmb* Stoner shall purchase Lands within the Parish where Inclosures are made, for five yean after their Award,

Approvement and Jnclontre Commons.

[Part II.

shall inquire > into the Boundaries of Parishes, and if not sufficiently ascertained, they shall fix them, giving previous notice of their intention so to d<v

Commissioners shall cause a description of Boundaries to be delivered to one Churchwarden, Ac. c. of the respective Parishes, and the Lords of Manors, Ac. c. Persons dis-satisfied may appeal to the Quarter

Decisions at the Sessions shall

be final.

one justice of the peace for the county within which the said lands or grounds shall be situated, where only one commissioner shall be so appointed, to administer, and they are hereby respectively required to administer the same; and the said oath or affirmation so to be taken and subscribed by each commissioner, and also the appointment of every new commissioner, shall be annexed to and inrolleu with the award of any commissioner or commissioners, and a copy of the inrollment thereof shall be admitted as legal evidence.

II. And be it further enacted, That every person appointed a commissioner in or l»y virtue of any such Act, who shall refuse or decline to act as such, sltafl forthwith give notice in writing to the other commissioner or commissioners of nis intention to refuse or decline acting as a commissioner: Provided always, That no such commissioner shall be capable of being a purchaser of any part or parts of the lands tenements or hereditaments within any parish in which the lands and grounds intended to be inclosed are situate, either in his own name, or in the name or names of any person or persons, until five years after the date and execution of the award to be made by any such commissioner or commissioners.

III. And whereas disputes or doubts may arise, concerning the boundaries of parishes manors hamlets or districts to be divided and inclosed, and of parishes manors bamletsor districts adjoining thereto; ' be it therefore enacted. That the commissioner or commissioners appointed in or by virtue of any such Act shall, and he or they is and are hereby authorised and required, by examination of witnesses upon oath or affirmation (which oath or affirmation any one of such commissioners is hereby empowered to administer,) and by such other legal ways and means as he or they shall think proper, to inquire into the boundaries of such several parishes manors hamlets or districts; and in case it shall appear to such commissioner or commissioners that the boundaries of the same respectively are not then sufficiently ascertained and distinguished, such commissioner or commissioners shall, and he or they is and are hereby authorised and required to ascertain set out determine and fix the same respectively; and after the said boundaries shall he so ascertained Hit out determined and fixed, the same shall and are hereby declared to be the boundaries of such parishes manor hamlets or districts: Provided always, That such commissioner or commissioners (before be or they proceed to ascertain and set out the boundaries of such parishes manors namlets or district") shall, and he or they is and are hereby reouired to give public notice, by writing under his or their hands, to be affixed on the most public aoors of the churches of such parishes, and also by advertisement to be inserted in some newspaper to be named in such Act, and also by writing to be delivered to or left at the last or usual places of the abode of the respective lords or stewards of the lords of the manors in which the lands and grounds to be inclosed shall be situate, and of such adjoining manor or manors, ten days at least before the time of setting out such boundaries, of his or their intention to ascertain set out determine and fix the same respectively; and such commissioner or commissioners shall, within one month after his or their ascertaining and setting out the same boundaries, cause a description thereof in writing to be delivered to or left at the places of abode of one of the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of the respective parishes, and also of such res|»ectrve lords or stewards: Provided always, That if any person or persons interested in the determination of the said commissioner or commissioners respecting the said boundaries shall be dis-satisfied with such determination, such person or persons may appeal to the justices of the peace acting in and for the county in which such lands or grounds shall be situate, at any general quarter session of the peace to be holden within four calendar months next after the aforesaid publication of the said boundaries, by delivering or leaving such description as aforesaid, the party or parties making such appeal giving eight days’ notice of such appeal, and of the matter thereof, m writing to Sie commissioners; and the decision of the said justices therein shall be final and conclusive, and shall not be

Class HI.] jtpprooement and Inclosure of Commons. 293

removed or removable by certiorari, or any other writ or process what- No. VII. soever, into any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wcttminttcr, or elsewhere _ '

IV. And be it further enacted, That a true exact and particular survey c* 1 admeasurement plan and valuation of all the lands ana mounds to be divided allotted and inclosed by any such Act, and also of all the mes- . .

suages cottages orchards gardens homesteads ancient enclosed lands and metgur2nent~ grounds within any such parish or manor, shall be made and reduced ip^n & into writing by such commissioner or commissioners, or by such other person or persons as he or they shall nominate and appoint, as soon as Lands, &c. to conveniently may be, tor the purposes of such Act; and the number of be inclosed dull acres and decimal parts of an acre, in statute measure, contained in all be made, and the lands and mounds directed or authorised to be divided allotted and kept by the inclosed, and also in all the ancient inclosed lands grounds and home- Commissioners, steads aforesaid, and of each and every proprietor’s distinct property in which shall be the same respectively, at the time of making such survey and admeasure- verified by the ment, shall be therein set forth and specified; and that the said survey P*1*00* admeasurement plan and valuation shall be kept by such commissioner them# or commissioners; and the person or persons who snail make such survey admeasurement plan and valuation shall verify the same upon oath or affirmation at any meeting to be held after the making thereof (which oath or affirmation the commissioners or any one of mem, are and is hereby empowered and required to administer; ) and the proprietors Proprietors may and their respective agents, and all persons interested therein, shall at inspect Admea-all seasonable times have liberty to peruse and inspect such admeasure- snrements and ment and plan only, and to take copies thereof and extracts therefrom Plan *, *nd take respectively. Copies.

v. And be it further enacted, That for surveying admeasuring and Until the Devaluing all the said lands and grounds, and for other the purposes of such non shall be Act, it shall be lawful for sush'commissioner or commissioners, every or completed the any of them, or the person or persons to be appointed by him or them, to Lands may be make such survey admeasurement plan and valuation, together with their entered by the and every of their assistants and servants, at any time or times whatso- Commissioner *, ever, until such division shall be completed, to enter view and examine °* "7 persons survey and admeasure all and every part of the lands and grounds in- .7 ""7 aP" tended to be divided and allotted, and also all the ancient inclosed lands £°mt’to grounds and homesteads directed to be surveyed, and to do or cause to he urre7, c

Map* made ft, the time of

and which shall be in his or their judgment and to his or their satisfac- passing Acts tion a just and true map or survey, proper for the purpose of carrying such msy be used. Act into execution, may be used for that purpose, if the said commissioner without making or commissioners shall think fit, without any new map or survey being new ones, if made of such part of the lands and grounds as shall be comprised in any Commissioners such approved map or survey as aforesaid. shall think fit.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all persons and bodies corporate Claimants of or politick, who shall have or claim any common or other right to or in Common, ftc. any such lands so to be inclosed, shall deliver or cause to be delivered to in Land to be such commissioner or commissioners, or one of them, at some one of inclosed, shall such meetings as the said commissioner or commissioners shall appoint deliver to the for the purpose (or within such further time, if any, as the said com mis- Commissioners sioner or commissioners shall for some special reason think proper to Schedule* of allow for that purpose) an account or schedule in writing, signedfby them 01

or their respective husbands guardians trustees committees or agents, of e*7

such their respective rights or claims, and therein describe the lands and 2?. »whlcI! grounds, and the respective messuages lands tenements and heredita- . ments, in respect whereof they shall respectively claim to be entitled to any and which of such rights in and upon the same or any part thereof, with the name or names of the person or persons then in the actual possession thereof, and the particular computed quantities of the same respectively, and of what nature and extent such right is, and also in what rights, and for what, estates and interests they claim thee same 3

294

No. VII

c. 109.

Objection! to claims shall be delivered et or before the Meeting ap

Approvement and Inclosure of Commons. [Part II.

respectively, distinguishing the freehold from the copyhold or leasehold; in or on non-compliance therewith, every of them making default therein 4* shai]' ttS far only as respects any claim so neglected to be delivered, be

totally burred and excluded of and from all right and title in or upon such lands so to be divided respectively, and of and from all benefit ami advantage in or to any share or allotment thereof; all which said chums or accounts shall, at all seasonable times until after the execution of the said award, be open to the inspection and perusal of all parties interested or claiming to be interested in the premises, their respective agents or attoraies, who may take copies thereof or extracts therefrom respectively; and if any person or persons or body politick or corporate interested, or claiming to be interested in the premises, shall have any objection to offer to any such account or claim, the particulars of such objection shall be reduced into writing, and signed by them or their TOimed'for^that respective husbands guardians trustees committees or agents, and shall purpose, or be delivered to the said commissioner or commissioners, at or before some

ahafinot be other meeting of such commissioner or commissioners, to be by him or

received except them appointed for that purpose; and no such objection shall afterwards for special be received, unless for some legal disability or special cause to be allowed

Cause. by the said commissioner or commissioners. (1)

Commissioners VII. Provided also and be it further enacted, That nothing herein not hereby au- contained shall authorise such commissioner or commissioners to hear thorised to dc- and determine any difference or dispute which may arise touching the termine dis- right or title to any lauds tenements or hereditaments, but such computes touching missioner or commissioners shall assign and set out the several allotments Title to Lauds; directed to be made unto the person or persons, who at the time of the but shall assign division and inclosure shall nave the actual seisin or possession of the the Allotment! lands tenements or hereditaments, in lieu or in right whereof such allot-; nient shall be respectively made:Provided also, That no difference or

* " suit touching the title to any lands tenements or hereditaments shall impede or delay the commissioner or commissioners in the execution of the powers vested in him or them by virtue of any such Act; but the division or inclosure directed to be made shall be proceeded in notwithstanding such difference or suit.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such commissioner or commts-T ?*oners ^all# and he or they is and are hereby authorised and required any Allotment! *n t^le ^rst place, before he or they proceed to make any of the divisions dull appoint anc* allotments directed in and by any such Act, to set out and appoint the

Siblic Carnage public carriage roads and highways through and over the lands and oadi^ grounds intended to be divided allotted and inclosed, and to divert turn

and stop up any of the roads and tracts upon and over all or any part of the said lands and grounds, as he or they shall iudge necessary, so as such roads and hignways shall be and remain thirty feet wide at the least, and so as the same shall be set out in such directions as shall upon the whole appear to him or them most commodious to the public, and he and prepare a or ^ey are hereby further required to ascertain the same by marks and Map thereof to hounds, and to prepare a map ui which such intended road shall he ao curately laid down and described, and to cause the same, being signed by Cler^ and rive suc^ commissioner, if only one, or the major part of such commis-nonce* thereof si°ner5> to be deposited with the clerk of the said commissioner or com-and appoint a’ missioners for the inspection of all persons concerned: and as soon as Meeting at which, if any penon ahall object, the Commissioners, with a Justice of the Division, ahall determine the matter.

in actual Seisin or possession. Disputes as to Tide shall not delay Inclosures.

Commissioners

(1) The drawing a claim conformable to this clause requires a very considerable porrion of technical accuracy, and 1 have in practice known many valuable rights defeated in consequence of the informality of the claim. The discretion reposed in Commissioners upon this subject ia extremely liable to abuse, as such Commissioner! have, if not generally, at least very frequently, the feeling of agents for the parties by whom they are nominated, and 1 have actually heard a Commissioner avow, that he considered himself

as the agent of a particular description of claimants; and it is obvious, that a person with such feelings may be induced to admit or reject the presentation of further claims, according to the interests which he is disposed to espouse. The most suitable remedy for this inconvenience would be a general enactment, that all objection# to claims should be particularly stated in writing, and that the claimant should be at liberty to amend his chum in tbs particulars objected to.

Class III.] Approvement and Inclosure of Commons.

may be after such carriage road shall have been so set out and such map so depositedy to give notice in some newspaper to be named in such bill, and also by affixing the same upon the church door of the parish in which any of the lands so to be inclosed shall lie, of his or their having set out such roads and deposited such map, and also of the general lines of such intended carriage roads, and to appoint in and by the same notice a meeting to be held by the said commissioner or commissioners at some convenient place in or near to the parish or township within which the said inclosure is to be made, and not sooner than three weeks from the date and publication of such notice, at which meeting it shall and may be lawful for any person who may be injured or aggrieved by the setting out of such roads to attend, and if any such person shall object to the setting out of the same, then such commissioner or commissioners, together with any justice or justices of peace acting in and for the division of the county in which such inclosure shall be made, and not being interested in the same, who may attend such meeting, shall hear ana determine such objection and the objections of any other such person to any alteration that the said commissioner or commissioners, together with such justice or justices, may in consequence propose to make, and shall, and he or they are hereby required, according to the best of their judgment upon the whole, to order and finally direct how such carnage roads shall ne set out, and either to confirm the said map or make such alterations therein as the case may require: Provided always, That in case such commissioner or commissioners shall by such bill be empowered to stop up any old or accustomed road passing or leading through any part of the old inclosures in such parish township or place, the same snail in no case be done without the concurrence ana order of two justices of the peace acting in and for such division, and not interested in the repair of such roads, and which order shall be subject to an appeal to the quarter sessions in like manner and under the same forms and restrictions as if the same had been originally made by such justice as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That such carriage roads so to be set out as aforesaid shall be well and sufficiently fenced on both sides by such of the owners and proprietors of the lands and grounds intended to be divided allotted and inclosed, and within such time as such commissioner or commissioners shall by any writing under his or their hands direct or appoint, and that it shall not be lawful for any person or persons to set up or erect any gate across any such carriage road, or to plant any trees in or near to the hedges on the sides thereof at a less distance from each other than filly yards; and such commissioner or commissioners shall, and he or they is and are hereby empowered and required by writing under his or their hands, to nominate and appoint one or more surveyor or surveyors, with or without a salary, for the first forming and completing such parts of the said carriage roads as shall be newly made, and for putting into complete repair such part of the same as shall have been previously made; which salary (if any) and also the expence of forming completing and repairing such roads respectively, over and above a proportion of the statute duty on the roads so to be repaired, shall be raised in like manner as the charges and expences of obraining and passing any such Act, and of carrying the same into execution, shall be thereby directed to be raised, and shall be paid to such surveyor or surveyors on or before the execution of the award of such commissioner or commissioners; and in case the same shall be thereby provided to be raised by sale of any part of the lands so to be divided and inclosed, that then such commissioner or commissioners shall make a conditional rate upon the owners and proprietors of the same, in case the produce of such sale should prove insufficient for the purposes aforesaid; and such surveyor or surveyors shall, and he or they is and are hereby directed to be in all respects subject to the jurisdiction and controul of the justices of the peace acting in and for the county in which such roads shall respectively lie, and shall account to such justices iq uoul of the Justices, and shall account to them for

295

No. VII.

41 Geo. III. c 109.

Where Com# missionen may be empowered to atop up any old Rood, it shall not be done without the Order of two Justices, subject to appeal to Quarter Sessions.

Carriage Roads shall be fenced on both sides according to directions ofContNo person shall erect any gate acrcas any road, or plant any Trees on the sides at less than 50 yards distance. Commissioners shall appoint Surveyors, whose Salary snd the expence of making the Road, (above the Statute Duty,) shall be raised as other expences, and paid before Execution of the Award.

Surveyors subject to the con-monies received

Approvement and Inclosure of Comment. [Part II.

like manner for all monies so to be by him or them received and expended, and for the re-payment of any surplus which may remain m his or their hands to such persons as shall have been made liable to contribute thereto, according to the proportion so as above ascertained by such commissioner or commissioners; and such justices shall have the like powers of levying any such rate as may by them be thought necessary for the purposes aforesaid, according to the proportions previously ascertained by such commissioner or commissioners, as if such surveyor or surveyors had been appointed under or by virtue of the General Highway Act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty; and in case such surveyor or surveyors shall neglect to complete and repair such roads respectively within the space of two years after such award, unless a further time not exceeding one year shall for that purpose be allowed by such justices, and then within such further time, ne or they shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, and the inhabitants at large of the parish township or place wherein such roads shall be respectively situate shall he in no wise charged or chargeable towards forming or repairing the said roads respectively, rexcept such proportion of such statute duty as aforesaid, till such time as the same shall by such justices in their special sessions be declared to be fully and sufficiently formed completed and repaired, from which time and for ever thereafter the same shall be supported and kept in repair by such persons and in like manner as the other public roods within such parish township or place are by law to he amended and kept in repair.

X. And be it further enacted, That such commissioner or commissioners shall, and he or they is and are hereby empowered and'required to set out and appoint such private roads bridleways footways ditches drains watercourses watering places quarries bridges gates stiles mounds fences banks bounds and land marks, in over upon ana through or by the sides of the allotments to be made and set out in pursuance of such Act, as be or they shall think requisite, giving such notice and subject to such examination as to any private roads or paths as are above required in the case of public roads, and the same shall be made and at all times for ever thereafter be supported and kept in repair by and at the expence of the Owners and proprietors for the time being of the lands and grounds directed to be divided and inclosed, in suen shares and proportions as the commissioner or commissioners shall in and by his. or their award order and direct.

XI. And be it further enacted, That after such public and private roads and ways shall have been set out and made, the grass ana herbage arising thereon shall for ever belong to and be the sole right of the proprietors of the lands and grounds which shall next adjoin the said roads and ways on either side thereof, as far as the crown of the road; and all roads ways and paths over through and upon such lands and grounds which shall not be set out as aforesaid shall be for ever stopped up and extinguished, and shall be deemed and taken as part of the lands and grounds to be divided allotted and inclosed, and shall be divided allotted and inclosed accordingly:Provided, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to give such commissioner or cotnNo Turnpike missioners any power or authority to divert change or alter any turnpike Road tthall be roa^ that shall or may lead over any such lands and grounds, unless the altered without consent of the majority of the trustees of such turnpike road, assembled the consent of at some public meeting called fur that purpose on ten days* notice, be the Trustees, first lmd and obtained. (2)

296 No. VII. 41 Geo. III. c. 109.

Justices may levy Rates. Surveyors neglecting to complete Roads within a limited time shall forfeit 20L and the inhabitants shall not be chargeable (except to the Statute Duty) till the Roads are declared to be completed at a Special Sessions.

Commissioners shall appoint private Roads, &c.

Grass and Herbage on Roads shall belong to the proprietors of the lands adjoining; and all Roads which shall not be set out shall be allotted and in'(2) See Rex v.Commiwoners of Dean Inclosure, 2M&.B0. The plaintiff* having an •allotment made to him by a commissioner, under an Inclosure Act, of land, over which the defendants had a private right of way, before the passing of the Act, but which way was not noticed or described amongst those set out by the commiswoner appointed for executing that Act, the operation of which, as to

the powers of setting out or stopping up toads, was left to the General Inclosura Act, 41 Geo. 3. c. 109. may under the 11th section of the hitter statute, justify the stopping up of such way, without any directions from the commissioner for that purpose in the award, or any other road being set out or appointed in lieu of it. White v. Rtwn, 2 B. Moore 23,

Class III.] dpprovem&it and Inclosure of Commons. 297

XII. And be it further enacted, That such commissioner or commis- No. VII. sioners in making the several allotments directed by any such Act, - q - shall have due regard as well to the situation of the respective houses or homesteads of the proprietors as to the quantity and quality of the c* lands and ground to be allotted to them respectively, so far as may be consistent with the general convenience of the said proprietors; and that Commissioner *, such commissioner or commissioners in making the said allotments shall in making Allot-have particular regard to the convenience of the owners or proprietors of meats, shall the smallest estates in the lands and grounds directed to be allotted and have due regard exchanged. to the situation of Houses as well as to the quantity sad quality of Land.

XIII. And whereas the proprietors and persons interested in open Commissioners, 4 common fields meadows pastures commons and waste lands directed may direct

* to be divided and allotted, whose allotments thereof will be small and *nall Allot- expensive to inclose, may be desirous of stocking and depasturing their jT, *nt, t01 *

* allotments in common, and of sharing such produce as may grow 5°*eIher ,

4 thereon, under proper regulations be it therefore further enacted, That , nJnn8j|eJ^J such commissioner or commissioners shall be, and he or they is and are j° j*n hereby fully authorised and empowered, *on application of the parties in- b

terested, at their first or second meeting for receiving claims, and on an proprietors, attentive view and full consideration efthe premises, to award order and r

direct any such allotments to be laid together and ring-fenced, and to be stocked and depastured in common, and to make such orders and regulations for the equitable enjoyment thereof, and for the participation of any produce growing or to grow thereon, as such commissioner or commissioners may think beneficial and proper for the said several parties interested therein.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the several shares of and in Allotments any lands or grounds which shall upon any such division be assigned shall be in full set out allotted and applied unto and for the several persons who shall compensation be entitled to the same, shall when so allotted be and be taken to be in for tight* in full bar of and satisfaction and compensation for their several and respective lands grounds rights of common, and all other rights and pro- which . perries whatsoever, which they respectively had or were entitled to in Scase °n and over the said lands and grounds immediately before the passing'of ^0nen affix-any such Act; and that from and immediately after the making the said on t^e division and allotments, and the execution of the award of such com- church Door, missioner or commissioners, or at any other time as such commissioner or commissioners shall by writing under his or their hands, to be affixed on the principal door of the church of the parish in which {he lands and grounds shall be situate, direct or appoint, all rights of common, and all rights whatsoever by such Act intended to be extinguished, belonging to or claimed by any person or persons whomsoever bodies politic or corporate in over or upon such lands or grounds, shall cease determine and be for ever extinguished.

XV. And be it further enacted, That such commissioner or commis- Commmiooer* sioners shall, and he or they is and are hereby authorised to set out ra*y exchange allot and award any messuages buildings lands tenements hereditaments Allotments, new allotments or old inclosures within such parish or manors, in lieu

of or in exchange for any other messuages buildings lands tenements hereditaments new allotments or old inclosures within the said parish ~je or manors, or within any adjoining parish or place; so as that all such ^VbdbnMnT^ exchanges be made with the consent of the respective owners proprietors tQ churcj*L 1B or other persons seised of the lands hereditaments and premises which &c shall respectively be so exchanged as aforesaid, or of the husbands guar- co^tni of the dians trustees committees or attornies acting for or on behalf of such Bishop and of owners proprietors or other persons respectively, who are under cover- the Patron, ture, minors lunatics or beyond the seas, or under any other disability or incapacity of acting for themselves (such consent to be testified by writing under their respective hands): and so that all such exchanges be ascertained specified and set forth in the award of such commissioner or commissioners; and so that all such exchanges of any lands tenements or hereditaments belonging to or held in right of any church chapel^ q(ecclesiastical benefice, snau also be made with the like consent in writing

296 No. VII. 41 Geo. HI. c. 109.

Commissioners may make Allotments in Severalty to Joint Tenants or Tenants in

approvement and Inclomre of Common*. [Part II.

of the bishop of the diocese, and of the patron of any church chapel or ecclesiastical benefice for the time being; and all such exchanges so made as aforesaid shall be for ever good valid and effectual in the law, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XVI. And whereas it may happen that some of the proprietors of messuages cottages tenements or lands in any such parish or manor, 4 and persons entitled to allotment or allotments to be made by virtue of any such Act, may be seised thereof or entitled thereto in joint tenantcy,

4 or as coparceners or tenants in common, and cannot by reason of infancy settlement or absence beyond seas make an effectual division thereof; f be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such commissioner or commissioners, and he or they is and are hereby authorised and empowered (upon the request in writing of such joint tenants or coparceners or tenants in common, or any or either of them, or of the husbands guardians trustees committees or attornies of such as are under coverture minors lunatics, or under any other incapacity as aforesaid, or absent beyond, seas) to make partition and] division of the messuages cottages tenements lands and allotment or allotments to such of the said owners or proprietors who shall be entitled to the same as joint tenants coparceners or tenants in common, and to allot the same accordingly to such owners and proprietors in severalty; and from and immediately after the said allotments shall be so made and declared, the same shall be holden and enjoyed by the person or persons to whom the same shall be allotted in severalty, in such and the same manner, and subject to such and the same uses, as the undivided parts or shares of such estates would have been held in case such partition and division had not been made.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person or persons to whom any allotment or allotments shall be made by virtue of any such Act shall, and he she or they is and are hereby required to accept his

limited time, or her and their respective allotments within the space of two calendar months next after the execution of the award, directed to be made in end by any such Act; and in case any person or persons shall neglect or refuse to accept of his her or their share or allotment within the time before mentioned, such person or persons so neglecting or refusing shall be totally excluded from having or receiving any estate or interest or right of common whatsoever in any part of the lands and grounds to be divided and inclosed by virtue of any such Act.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for the respective guardians husbands trustees committees, or attornies of any person or persons being minors femes covert lunaticks beyond the seas or otherwise incapable by law, to accept any such allotments as shall be made by virtue of any such Act, to and for the use of such person or persons so incapacitated as aforesaid; and also that any person or persons entitled to any allotment or allotments as tenant or tenants for life or lifes, shall be, and he she and they is and are hereby respectively enabled and required to accept of and take such allotment or allotments respectively; and every such acceptance respectively shall be and is hereby declared to be valid and effectual to all

Non-acceptance intents and purposes whatsoever: Provided further, That the non-claim _r or non-acceptance of any such guardian husband trustee committee or

attorney, shall not exclude or in any way prejudice the right of any infant feme covert lunatick or other person or persons being under any disability or incapacity as aforesaid, or absent beyond the seas, who shall claim or accept such share or allotment within twelve calendar months next after such disability or incapacity shall be removed, or of any person entitled as heir in remainder after the death of any person dying during such incapacity or disability, who shall clsdm or accept the same within one year next after his her or their right title or interest shall have accrued descended or vested or be known so to be.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That after the allotments shall be set out by such commissioner or commissioners, and at any time before

Persons shall accept their Allotments in a

forfeit their Right.

Guardians, St c. may accept for incapacitated Persons and Tenants for Life shall accept of Allotments.

of Guardians, Ac. c. shall not prejudice the Rights of incapacitated Persons who shall accept in a limited Time alter .enabled ao to do.

Before Execution of the

Award, allotments may be ditched and inclosed, with the consent of tht Commissioners* Og IC.

Class III.] Approvement and Inclosure of Commons. 299

the execution of his or their award, it shall be lawful lor any person or Ko. VII. persons to whom any allotment or allotments shall be so made and staked . r - or marked out, by and with the consent of such commissioner or com- 41 v>«>. III. missioners in writing under his or their hands, to ditch fence off and c* *09. inclose their respective allotments in such manner as such commissioner or commissioners shall so direct and appoint.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the timber trees and other trees Trees, &c. shall thorns and bushes standing and growing upon any waste lands or other be allotted with lands to be allotted by such Act, shall be allotted and go along with the the Lands lands whereon they respectively stand, and shall be deemed the property whereon they of the several persons to whom the same lands shall be respectively stand, the Par-allotted, such persons paying to the owner or respective owners of the P*y*nS to said trees such sums ot money for the same, and at such time or times the Owners and place or places, as the said commissioner or commissioners shall by *jjc writing under his or their hand or hands direct; but if the said parties T *

who are to make such respective payments shall neglect or refuse to . make the same accordingly, then it shall be lawful to and for the respective parties who shall oe entitled to have and receive such payments, but in case of to enter on the said lands, and cut down take and carry away to their own neglect, the use the said trees thorns or bushes in respect of which the said payments Owners may were respectively to be made to them, at any seasonable time or times cut them down, within one year next after such neglect or default, they doing as little lakc them damage on the said lands as may be.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any sum of money is. Where Money under the provision of this Act or any such bill, to be paid for the pur- is to be paid for chase or exchange of any lands tenements or hereditaments, or of any tim- Lands, &c. ber or wood growing thereon, and which sum of money ought to be laid which ought to out in the purchase of other lands tenements or hereditaments, to be be laid out in settled to the same uses, it shall and may be lawful to and for such com- other purchases missioner or commissioners out of such sum to defray such proportion to be settled to of the expence of passing such Act and of carrying the same into execution, tjj "mc

as shall, if any, be charged upon any of the lands tenements or he red it a- . Commis-ments of the person or persons body politick or corporate trustees or feoffees 8Jonera mayf in possession of the lands tenements or hereditaments so sold or exchanged, hereout defray or on which such timber or wood actually grew, and also the expence of *^expence» any permanent improvement, such as building sub-dividing draining or the Act

planting and the like, which shall in the judgment of such commissioner piJtting jt in or commissioners be proper to be made ana shall be made under his or execution, &c.; their direction, upon any lands to be by virtue of such ^Lct allotted to such and if the Sui* person or persons body politick or corporate trustees or feoffees respec- plus amount to tively; and in case the surplus of such money shall amount to the sum 200L it shall, as of two hundred pounds, then the same shall with all convenient speed be soon as may be, invested in the purchase of any lands or hereditaments, which shall be be laid out in conveyed and settled upon and subject to the like uses trusts and limita- <*h«r pur-tions as such land so sold or exchanged, or the lands on which such chases, and in timber grew were settled limited or assured; and in the mean time, and *h n?*a.n tim until such purchase can be made, such money shall be paid into the Bank "5 P?, d "?to of England in the name and with the privity of the Accountant-General of j5"T an? *^7 the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his account there ex parte direction oft he the said commissioner or commissioners, without fee or reward, to the Court chan-intent that such money shall be applied under the direction and with the ce_ approbation of the said court, to be signified by an order made upon a 7’ petition to be preferred in a summary way by the person or persons who would have been entitled to such lands tenements and hereditaments or timber respectively, either in or towards the redemption or purchase of land tax, or towards the discharge of any debts or incumbrances affecting the lands or hereditaments so purchased or exchanged, or on which such timber grew, or until the same shall upon the like application in a summary way be laid out by order of the said court in the purchase of other lands or hereditaments to be settled to the like uses; and in the mean time and until order can be made, such money may by order of the said court be laid out in some of the public funds or on government or real securities, and the dividends or interest arbing therefrom shall, by order of

900 No. VII. 41 Geo. HI, c. 109.

Approvement and Inclosure of Comment•

[Part II.

the said court, lie paid to such person or persons as would for the time being be entitled to the rents and profits of such lands tenements and hereditaments, so to be purchased conveyed and settled.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such money shall be less than the sum of two hundred pounds and shall exceed the sum of twenty pounds, then and in such case the same shall, at the option of the person or persons for the time being entitled to the rents and profits of the lands or hereditaments so purchased, or of bis her or their guardian or guardians committee or committees, in case of

shall, at the op- infancy or lunacy, to be signified in writing under their respective hands, tion of the per- be paid into the bank in the name and with the privity of the said Ae-entitled to countant-General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his account as aforesaid, in oraer to be applied in the manner before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like option to two trustees to be nominated by the person or persons making such option, and approved of by the commissioner or commissioners (such nomination and approbation to be signified in writing under the hands of the nominating and approving parties) in order that such principal money and the dividends arising thereon may be applied in manner herein-before directed, so far as the case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the direction or approbation of the sgid Court of Chancery.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such money shall he less than twenty pounds, then and in such case the same shall be applied to the use of the person or persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the rents and profits of the lands or hereditaments so purchased, in such manner as the said commissioner or commissioners shall think fit, or in case of infancy or lunacy, then to his her or their guardian or guardians, committee or committees, to and for the use and benefit of such person or persons so entitled respectively.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person to whom any allotment or allotments shall be made, or any guardian husband trustees feoffees committees, or attorney of any infant feme covert charity or charities lunatick idiot person or persons beyond the seas or otherwise incapable of acting respectively, or any tenant in tail or for life, or trustee or trustees for any settlement, or any mortgagee or mortgagees or other creditor in possession, shall neglect or refuse to accept inclose and fence his her or their allotment or allotments, within such time or times as such commissioner or commissioners by any writing as aforesaid, or by his or their award shall order or direct, it shall be lawful for such commissioner or commissioners to cause such allotment or allotments to be inclosed and fenced, and to let the same to any person or persons he or they may think proper, and to receive the rents and profits thereof until the expences attending the inclosure and fencing thereof are paid and satisfied, or to charge such expences upon the proprietor or proprietors of the same allotment or allotments; and by any such writing as aforesaid, or by his or their said award, to appoint to whom and at what time or times the same shall be paid, subject to the same mode and with the like powers of recovery thereof as may be provided respecting the other expences of passing any such Act and carrying the same into execution, or otherwise directed by any such Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several proprietors of the allotments to \fe made in pursuance of any such Act, their agents or workmen, at any seasonable time or times within the space of seven years next after the fencing of any allotment or allotments, to set up and erect posts and rails or other dead fences on the

If such Money be lea than 200/. and upwards of 20/. it

the Rents, be raid into the Bank, or to two Trustees to be approved of by the Commissioners for the same purposes.

If lew than 20L it sha be applied to the use of the person entitled to the Rents of the Lands, &c.

If any Penon does not accept incloee and fence his Allotment as the Commissioners shall direct, they may cause it to be inclosed and fenced and let, and receive the Rents until the Expences are satisfied, or they may charge them upon the Proprietor.

During seven years after fencing Allotments, Fences may be erected on the

ried away by the

Proprietors.

expiration

term, to take and carry away the materials of such outside fences whea they shall think proper.

Class III.] *Approvement and Inclosure of Commons. 901

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no fences or hedges which at No. VII.

the time of the passing of any such Act shall be standing or growing in w q *»« or upon any of the lands directed to be divided and inclosed, snail be cut 41 u‘

down or destroyed by the owners and proprietors thereof after the pass- c *

ing of such Act until the execution of the award, without the consent of such commissioner or commissioners first had and obtained in writing for No standing that purpose; and if any such fences or hedges shall be assigned or ap- Fences or proved by such commissioner or commissioners as and for a boundary Hedges shall be fence, or as and for a subdivision fence to and for any of the allotments to destroyed till be made in pursuance of such Act, all such fences and hedges shall he the execution left uncut for the benefit of the person or persons to whom such allot- Award, ment or allotments shall belong; and he she or they shall make such without consent compensation in money to the former owners and proprietors thereof, as " Co"m."*lon-such commissioner or commissioners shall, by writing under his or their *"

hand or hands, in that behalf order and appoint, subject to the same mode BSundarr* and with the like powers of recovery thereof, as may in such Act be pro- j?ence vided respecting the other expences of passing any such Act and carrying ie& UnCUt, the the same into execution. Persons entitled

to the Allotments making compensation therefore.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no proprietors Where the whose allotments or shares shall, upon any such inclosure, lie and be Boundary of situate next and adjoining to any common field or inclosed grounds, the any Common boundary of which shall Be fenced by any mound fence brook or rivulet,

shall be compelled to make or erect any hedges ditches or fences next JT

adjoining to any such common fields or inclosed grounds, for inclosing *n^ such their allotments or shares; blit that the whole mound fence brook *1*/T"?"*?!* or rivulet, or other sufficient fences which divide any such common fields ~

or inclosed grounds from such allotments, shall for ever he and remain a not compell-boundary fence for the purpose of such division, and shall from time to to fencV time be maintained kept cleansed scoured and repaired by the respective them; but such proprietors thereof, in the same manner as before the passing of this Act, Boundaries shall or in such other manner as such commissioner or commissioners shall be maintained order and direct: Provided nevertheless, That in case it shall happen by the Proprie-that some of the proprietors shall have a greater proportion of fences to ton as before, make and maintain upon any of the lands directed to be divided and or u the Com-inclosed, than in the judgment of such commissioner or commissioners nuariooen may the allotments of such proprietors ought to be charged with, it shall be aPP°int* lawful for such commissioner or commissioners, where he or they shall judge it proper, to ascertain and appoint such sums of money to be paid to every suen proprietor towards making and maintaining such fences, by such other of the proprietors who may have a less proportion of fencing, according to the value and quantity of the lands to be allotted to them, and to grant such other relief in respect thereof, out of the money to be raised for defraying the expences of carrying such Act into execution, as he or they shall think reasonable, and in case any such money shall Le so directed and raised, in order that the said boundary fences may be brought as near as may be to a just and equal proportion.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any person or per- desons shall wilfully and unlawfully break down destroy carry away or ^roying, &c. damage any fence stile post rail gate bridge or tunnel, which may be put Fence*t*c- P1* up or placed under the authority and for the purposes of any such Act, up JJn . r every person so offending, and being thereof convicted before any justice , utTty5n of the peace for the county in which the lands or grounds to be inclosed 1*2 itY*/1 shall be situate, on confession or on proof of the offence by oath of one JheVroorietor or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath the sard justice is of the Land* hereby authorised to administer,) shall for every such offence forfeit and &c miy

pay any sum not exceeding five pounds; and every person shall be evidence, allowed to give evidence of such offence, notwithstanding ho may be a proprietor or occupier of lands within, or an inhabitant of such parish, anci notwithstanding he may be the owner of any such fence stile post rail gate bridge or tunnel; to be recovered as herein-after provided.

Where expences of obinto execution shall be to be paid by the Proprietors, the Commissioners may, on neglect, cause the same to be levied by distress, or may take possession of the Allotments, and reApprovement and Inclosure of Commons. [Part II.

XXIX. And whereas it may often be provided by such Act, that the expences of obtaining the same, and also the expences of carrying 1 the same into execution, shall be paid in proportion by the proprietors of lands or grounds to whom any allotments shall he madebe it further enacted, That in such case, when and so often as any such person or persons, except the person or persons thereby exempted from payment of

, any such charges and expences, shall refuse or neglect to pay his her or

uining and car- their proportion of the charges and expences, or shall refuse or neglect to rying any Act pay the expences attending the inclosing and fencing of any such allotments as upon the neglect or refusal of the proprietors shall be inclosed and fenced by such commissioner or commissioners as herein-after mentioned, at the respective days and times to be appointed for payment of such charges and .expences, it shall be lawful for such commissioner or commissioners, by any warrant or warrants under his or their hands and seals, directed to any person or persons whomsoever, to cause the said costs charges and expences, and sum or sums of money respectively, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person or persons so making default in payment as aforesaid, his her or their husbands guardians trustees committees or attornies, wheresoever the same shall be found, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand, to the owner or owners of such goods and chattels, the reasonable charges of such ceive the Rents, warrant distress and 9ale being first deducted, together with the interest till satisfied. after the rate of five pounds per Centum per Annum, to be computed on such share or shares proportion or proportions, from the time the same shall be directed to he paid by such commissioner or commissioners as aforesaid; or otherwise it shall be lawful for such commissioner or commissioners, or any person or persons authorised by him or them, to enter upon and take possession of the premises so to be allotted to such person or persons refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, and to receive and take the rents and profits thereof, until thereby therewith or otherwise the share or shares proportion or proportions, and the said costs and charges so ordered and directed by such commissioner or commissioners to be paid by such person or persons as aforesaid, and all interest on such share or shares proportion or proportions, to be computed from the time the same shall by such commissioner or commissioners be directed to be paid as aforesaid, and also all costs charges and expences occasioned by or attending such entry upon and perception of the rents and profits of the said premises, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in such case as last aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the husbands guardians trustees committees or attorAc. c. may charge nies of any of the owners or proprietors of such allotment or exchanged Allotments with lands> being under coverture minors lunaticks beyond the seas or under expences, if not any other disability, and for any of the said owners or proprietors being exceeding 5L tenants in tail, or tor life or lives, or years determinable on a life or lives, per sere; or any other contingency, or otherwise interested as aforesaid (except the rector or vicar of such parish,) to charge such allotments or exchanged lands and premises with such sum or sums of money as such commissioner or commissioners shall by his or their ward, or by writing under his or their hands, either before or after the execution of such award, adjudge necessary to pay and defray the said respective shares of the charges and expences incident to and attending the obtaining such Act and carrying the same into execution, and of charging the said lands as aforesaid, so that the same shall not exceed five pounds for every acre of such allotments or exchanged lands; and to grant mortgage surrender lease or demise, or otherwise subject the lands tenements and hereditaments so to be charged unto such person or persons who shall advance and lend the same respectively, his her or their executors administrators and assigns, for any term or number of years; or in case any person in Mian —possession, who shall or may be liable to and charged with a share of th^rnoncy, 'he l^e exPen9es a* aforesaid, or enabled by this or any such Act to charge Commissioners SVC^ ^an(*8 and grounds with the same, shall choose to advance pay and may mortgage discharge such sum or sums of money, then it shall be lawful for the said the Lands to them for reimbursement.

Guardians, tenants for life.

and if persons in possession shall advance

Class HI.]

Approvement and Inclosure of Commons.

commissioner or commissioners, by any deed or writing under his or their hands and seals, to be attested by two or more credible witnesses, in like manner to grant mortgage surrender lease demise or otherwise subject the said lands tenements and hereditaments to such person or persons respectively paying and discharging the same, his her or their executors administrators ana assigns for any term or number of years, to and for the payment of such sum and sums of money so advanced paid and discharged by him or them, with interest for the same to commence on the termination of bis her or their right in the premises; so that every such grant mortgage surrender lease or demise be made with a proviso or condition to cease and be void, or with an express trust to be surrendered or re-assigned, when such sum or sums of money thereby to be secured shall be folly paid and satisfied; and also with a covenant to pay and keep down the interest, so that no person or persons afterwards becoming possessed or entitled to any such lands tenements or hereditaments, shall le liable to pay any further or larger arrear of interest than for six calendar months preceding the time when the title to such possession shall have commenced; and that every such charge grant mortgage surrender lease or demise shall be good valid and effectual in the law for the purposes ihereby intended.

XXXI. And whereas in such cases as aforesaid, where provision may < be made in any such Act for charging theexpences of passing such Act, 1 or of executing the powers therein contained, or of fencing the respective allotments on the several proprietors thereof, it may be more convenient for the feoffees or trustees of any charity lands or school lands, 4 to have lands deducted from the respective allotments to be made for such charity lands or school lands, for paying the proportionable share in respect of such allotments of such expences respectively, than to raise money on mortgage for those purposesbe it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such commissioner or commissioners, if he or they shall judge it right or expedient, to deduct from the respective allotments to be made to such feoffees or trustees as aforesaid, so much laud as shall in the judgment of such commissioner or commissioners be equal in value to their respective proportions of the said expences, and to allot assign and award the same to such person or persons as such commissioner or commissioners shall think proper, and who will undertake to pay and defray, and shall nay and defray all such expences.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall be provided by any such Act that the expences attending the same shall be paid Jjy sale oi any part of the land so to be inclosed, the said commissioner or commissioners shall mark and set out such part or parts of the said waste or commonable lands as, in his or their opinion, will by sale thereof raise a sum of money sufficient to pay and discharge all such charges and expences as may by any such Act be directed to be paid and discharged out of the same; and the said commissioner or commissioners shall sell such part or parts of the said lands to any person or persons for the best price or prices that can be gotten for the same, by private contract or by public auction or auctions to be holden for that purpose, of which six weeks' previous notice shall be given in such manner as shall by any such Act be directed with respect to the other notices thereby required; and the person or persons so purchasing the same shall immediately pay (by way of deposit) into the hands of the said commissioner or commissioners, or such person or persons as he or they shall direct and appoint, one tenth part of his her or their purchase-modey, and pay the remainder thereof within three calendar months next after, or at such other time as the said commissioner or commissioners shall appoint, and in default thereof the money so deposited shall be forfeited, and shall be applied in carrying such Act into execution; and the said allotment or allotments for which the whole of such purchase-money shall not have been so paid, or for which there shall be no'bidding at such auction, shall be again put up to sale and sold in manner aforesaid, for the best price or prices that can he

gotten for the same, or be sold by the said commissioner or commissioners y private contract for any sum or sums not less than the remaining nine303

No. VII.

41 Geo. III. c. 109.

Commissioners may deduct from Allotments for Charity or School Lands, what shall be deemed equal to the proportionable share of the expences, and allot the same to persons undertaking to pay.

Where the expences of obtaining and carrying any Act into execution shall be to be paid by Sale of part of the Lands, Commissioners shall set out and sell a part, and the Purchasers shall immediately make a depojit, which shall be forfeited if purchase-money be not duly paid.

304

No. VII. 41 Geo. III. c. 109.

Approvement and In cloture of Commons.

[Part II;

C ommissioners may summon witnesses; Penalty for non-attendance, &c. from 10/. to 51.

Witnessahall not be obliged to travel above eight miles. Afrer allotment Commissioners shall draw up their award, which shall be read and executed at a Meeting of the Proprietors, and proclaimed the next Sunday in the Church, and then considered as complete.

tenths of the price or respective prices for which the same was or were respectively before sold, or the amount of one bidding above the sum or respective sums at which the same was or were respectively put up in the said former auction; and every allotment for which the full purchase-money shall be paid, shall immediately thereupon be absolutely discharged of and from all common and other right thereon or therein, and be vested in fee-simple in, and be inclosed, and thenceforth held in severalty by such purchaser or purchasers thereof respectively as his her or their private and absolute property, and shall lie allotted accordingly by the said commissioner or commissioners; and the said purchase-money shall be applied in defraying such charges and expences as may be in any such Act directed to be paid and discharged by the sale of such land.

XXXIII. And for the better enabling such commissioner or commissioners to determine the several matters and things by this or any such Act referred to his or their determination, be it enacted, That it snail be lawful to and for the said commissioner or commissioners from time to time, as he or they shall see occasien, by any writing or writings under his or their hand or hands, to summon and require any person or persons to appear before them at any time and place in such writing to be appointed, to testify the truth touching the matter in dispute between any proprietors or interested persons, or otherwise relating to the execution of the powers given by this or any such Act, and to cause a copy of such writing to he served on such person or persons required to give evidence, or to be led at his or their usual or last place of abode; and every person or persons so summoned who shall not appear before the said commissioner or commissioners pursuant to such summons (without assigning some reasonable excuse for not appearing,) or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or examined on oath or affirmation, which oath or affirmation the said commissioner or commissioners is and are hereby empowered and required to administer, (such person or persons having been paid or tendered to him her or U\em the reasonable charges of his her or their attendance) and being thereof convicted before one of his Majesty's justices of the peace of the county or district in which such lands are situated, upon information thereof upon path made before any such justice shall for every such neglect or refusal forfeit and pay such sum of money, not exceeding ten pounds nor less than five pounds, as such justice or justices shall think fit and order.

XXXIV7. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no witness summoned to attend such commissioner or commissioners, shall be obliged to travel above eight miles from the boundary of the parish manor or district by any such Act intended to be enclosed.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be after the division and allotment of the said lands and grounds shalll* finished, pursuant to the purport and directions of this or any such Act, the said commissioner or commissioners shall form and draw up, or cause to be formed and drawn up, an award in writing, which shall express the quantity of acres roods and perches in statute measure contained in the said lauds and grounds, and the quantity of each and every part and parcel thereof which shall be so allotted assigned or exchanged, and the situations and descriptions of the same respectively, and shall also contain a description of the roads ways footpaths watercourses watering places quarries bridges fences and land marks set out and appointed by the said commissioner or commissioners respectively as aforesaid, and all such other rules orders agreements regulations directions and determinations as the said commissioner or commissioners shall think necessary proper or beneficial to the parties; which said award shall be fairly ingrossed or written on parchment, and shall be read and executed by the commissioner or commissioners in the presence of the proprietors who may attend at a special general meeting called for that purpose, of which ten days’ notice at least shall be given in some paper to oe named in such Act and circulating in the county, which execution of such award shall be proclaimed the next Sunday in the church of the parish in which such lands shall be, from the time of which prq^ls^ation ouly and not

Class m.] Approvement and Inclosure of Commons. 305

before (1) such award shall be considered as complete; and shall *ithin No. VII. twelve calendar months after the same shall be so signed ana sealed, or so . % p TT-, soon as conveniently may be, be inrolled in one of his Majesty’s courts of re- 41 *•

cord at Watminster, or with the clerk of the peace for the county in whiah c* such lands shall be situated, to the end that recourse may be had thereto by any person or persons interested therein, for the inspection and perusal Award shall be whereof no more than one shilling shall be paid; ana a copy of the said broiled b one sward or any part thereof, signed by the proper officer of the court wherein of the Courts at the same shall be inrolled, or by the clerk of the peace for such county Westminster, or his deputy, purporting the same to be a true copy, shall from time to with the time be made and delivered by such officer or clerk of the peace for the Clerk of the time being as aforesaid to any person requesting the same, for which no more shaft be paid than twopence for every sheet of seventy-two words; be‘, y?' and the said award and each copy of the same or of any part thereof —

signed as aforesaid, shall at all times be admitted and allowed in all courts whatever as legal evidence; and the said award or instrument and ,

the several allotments partitions regulations agreements exchanges orders uS^sSncaa:directions determinations, and all other matters and things therein mentioned and contained, shall to all intents and purposes be binding and binding on all conclusive, except where some provision to the contrary is herein or shall poniet int*-be by any such Act contained, unto and upon the said proprietors and all rested.

Girties and persons concerned or interested in the same, or in any of the nds grounds or premises aforesaid; and also that the said respective Comnusnoncm commissioners, if they think it necessary, shall form or draw or cause to may annex be formed and drawn on parchment or vellum such maps or plans of the Maps to the said lands and grounds, the better to describe the several new allotments Award, which or divisions to be made, and premises that shall be exchanged by virtue shall be deemed of this Act, and which shall express the quantity of each allotment in P*11 reofc acres roods and perches* together with the names of the respective proprietors at the tune of such division and allotment; which said maps and plans shall be annexed to and inrolled with the said respective award, and shall be deemed and construed in every respect as and for part of the said award.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That such commissioner or com- Commissioners roissioners shall, and he or they is and are hereby required to enter in a shall keep ac-book to be provided for that purpose, a particular account of all sums of count of all money whatever received from the proprietors or others during the pro- Monies which gress of the inclosure; and also of all the charges expences and disburse- may inspect-ments which shall accrue or he made by virtue of any such Act and in jjJ carrying the same into execution; which book of accounts shall be kept a . # at the office of their clerk, open at all seasonable times during the progress gr*Ufc of the inclosure and till all the accounts are finally settled, for the inspection of any of the proprietors without fee or reward; and in case any Penalty on ne~ such commissioner or commissioners, or his or their clerk, shall neglect gleet from 10L to provide and keep such book of accounts as aforesaid, or refuse the ih- to 5/. spection thereof to any of the proprietors at seasonable times in manner before-mentioned, and shall he convicted thereof upon the oath of one or

(1) Hence by this act the legal title to an allotment is not acquired until the execution and proclamation of the commissioners' sward. And where a local Act directed, that the commissioners, by notice, might cause all rights of common to be extinguished, and might then allot the waste land amongst the proprietors, and that the owners might fence their allotments after they had been marked staked out and confirmed, and before the assigning of the award, and might also, within three months before the execution of the award, sell and convey their interests in the allotments; the commissioners being thereby authorised to allot to the purchasers, and the latter after the execution^ of the award to hold the allotted lands in such manner as the vendor would bare dons if there had been VOL. I.

no sale, provided that where the allotments were copyhold, that the deed should be enrolled in the court rolls of the manor, and that the purchase* should be admitted tenant thereto at the same time as the other allottees of copyhold lands, vis. after, the execution of the award: held, that this authorising to inclose and so to enjoy in severalty, and the power to sell and convey, might well (considering the language in which that power was given) be enjoyed and exercised without the legal seisixx of the land; and that, therefore, these provisions, not sufficiently countervailing those of the General Inclosure Act, the legal freehold did not pass to the allottee till after the execution and proclamation of the award. Farrier v. Billiot, SB, ft A,

X

SOS

No. VIL 41 Geo. III. e 104.

hall U ifomudm directed

* tV3SZ‘1

mhmedwfchTb* Ureter or

i) wkh the t of the _ of the Diocese and of the Patron of the Living, may leaat Allotments for 21 fears upon cerOM /OsApprovement and Inclosurt of Commons. fjh«i IL

more credible witness or witnesses not interested in the intended division and mdosure, before any justice of the peace of the county in which the lands or grounds to be inclosed shall be situate, or of such ocher county or place where such commissioner or clerk so offending shall be or reside, every such commissioner or clerk so causing such neglect or refusal, and Convicted as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such offence any sum not exceeding ten pounds nor less than five pounds, to be levied recovered and applied in the Aame manner aa other, penalties are by thin Act directed to be levied recovered and applied.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all monies to be raised under and by virtue of the powers contained in any such Act, shall from time to time, as often as the same shall amount to the sum of fifty pounds, be paid to and deposited in the hands of some banker, or such person or persons as shall be approved by a majority in value of the proprietors who may be present at the first meeting of such commissioner dr commie* stoners; and in the notice of which meeting shall be expressed the intention of then appointing such banker or such other person or persona; and ilo such monies deposited or paid into the hands of such banker or other person or persons to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be issued or paid by him or them without an order in writing under the hands of such commissioner or commissioners, specifying the person or persons to whom the same are respectively payable and the service or consideration for which the same are due; and the balance, if any, upon die final settlement of accounts shall be immediately repaid to the laud owners in proportion ttt the sums respectively paid by them.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the fee tor or vicar for the time being of any parish wherein die lands and grounds intended to be inclosed shall be situate, by indenture or indentures, under his hand and seal, with the consent and approbation of thu bishop of the diocese and of the patron of the said rectory or vicarage. In lease or demise all or any part or parts of the allotment or allotments to be set out and allotted to any such rector or vicar, by virtue of any such Act, to any person or persons whomsoever, for any term not exceeding twenty-one years, to commence within twelve calendar months next after die executing the award; so that the rent or rents for the some shall be thereby reserved to the rector or vicar for the time being, by four equal quarterly payments in every year; and so that there oe thereby also reserved and made payable to such rector or vicar, the best and most improved rent or rents that can reasonably be had or gotten for the same, without taking any fine foregift premium sum of money, or other consideration, for the making or granting any such lease or demise; and so th&t no such lessee by any such lease or demise be made dispunishable for waste, by any express words to be therein contained; and so that there be inserted in every such lease, power of re-entry on non-payment of the rent or rents to be thereby reserved, within a reasonable time to be thereiia limited, after the same shall become due; and so that a counterpart of Such lease be duly executed by the lessee or lessees to whom suen lease Shall be so made as aforesaid; and every such lease shall be valid and effectual, any law or usage to the contras notwithstanding.

XXXiX. And be it further enacted, That all penalties and forfeitures imposed by this or any such Act, or which shall be imposed by such aoiBtoieskner or commissioners under or by virtue of the authority of this or any such Act shall be levied and recovered before any one justice of the peace for the county in which the lands or grounds to be inclosed shall be situate, and residing near any such parish, and not interested m the matter in question; for which purpose it shall be lawful for any suds justice of the peace, upon complaint made to him, to summon the party accused and the witnesses on Doth sides; and upon the appearance or contempt of the party accused to examine such witnesses upon Orth, (which oath any snob justice is hereby empowered to administer,) and upon evidenoe to give judgment accordingly, and to condemn the party aqeused (proof of the accusation being made by one or more witness or witnesses as aforesaid,) is sach penalties and forfeitures as the offenders

General Senas *

ewffl.] Jpfaxmmmnt aadStdamire of Comment. 31

shall have incurred, and to levy such penalties and forfeitures by distress Me. VII, and sale of the offender’s goods and chattels, together with reasonable , .g

costs; all which penalties.and forfeitures, the application whereof is not particularly directed by any such Act or this Act, shall, when and so soon cMMa a a the same shall be levied, be paid, and applied to and for such uses intents or purposes as such commissioner or commissioners in and by any aPPBe* writing or writings under his or their hands, or in and by his or their award, shall order direct or appoint, rectiuoofCoreXL. And be it further, enacted and declared, That nothing in such Act lxumaaa*> contained shall lessen prejudice or defeat the right title or interest of any Saving of the lord or lady of any manor or lordship, or reputed manor or lordship, within rights of lords the jurisdiction or limits whereof the lands and grounds thereby directed of Mtncsi. to be divided and allotted are situate lying and being of in or to the seigniories rights and royalties incident or Tbelongine to such manor or lordship or reputed manor or lordship, or to the lord or lady thereof, or to any person or persons claiming under him-or her, but the same (other than and except the interest and other property as is or are meant or intended tfc be barred by saoh Act) shall remain, in as full ample and beneficial manner, to all intents and purposes, as he or she might or ought to have held or enjoyed such rights before the passing of such Act, or in case the same had never been made.

XLI. Saving always to the King’s most excellent Majesty, his heirs and successors, and to all and every other person and persons bodies politick and corporate, and his her and their heirs successors executors and dininistr&ters, all such estate, right title and interest, (other than and except such as are hereby intended to be barred destroyed or extinguished,) as they every or any of them had or enjoyed of in tp or out of or m respect of the said lands grounds and premises so directed to be divided allotted and inclosed or exchanged as aforesaid, before the passing of such Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed in case the same nad never been made.

XLII. And be it farther enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Two Jiutkto any two or more justices of the peace to take affidavits on oath or affirms- may take Action (which oath or affirmation such justices are hereby authorised and davits of the empowered to administer) of the notices required for such bills haying Notices ro-been given, of the consents of the parties interested therein, of the idle- quired having

Slions contained in the preambles of such bills, and of the quantity of the ^ttn given, Ac. c.

id to be inciosed; and that such affidavits shall respectively be in the m lhe Fai farms contained in the schedule hereunto annexed, near as thecircum- thcSchcduk, stances of the case will admit; and that such affidavits shall not be sub- 8t*¥p«jject or liable to any stamp duties whatsoever.

XLfll. And be it farther enacted, That if any person or persons shall Persons for-many examination affidavit deposition or affirmation to be nad or taken swearing therein pursuance of this Act, before such justice or justices or such commis- selves shall be sioner or commissioners, knowingly and wilfully swear or affirm any deemed guilty matter or thing which shall be fete© or untrue, every such person so °* Injury.

, offending shall on conviction thereof be deemed guilty of penury, and shall’suffer tfurfike pains and penalties as persons guilty of wilful and ©orrupt perjury are now subject and liable to.

XLIV. Provided always and be it enacted, That all and every the powers jjow fa tHr authorities directions and provisions in this Act contained, shall be only

so far effective and binding in each particular case, as they or any of binding, them shall not be*otherwise provided and enacted In any such Act hereafter to be passed as aforesaid.

SCHEDULE to which the ACT refers.

(A).

FORM OF AFFIDAVIT OF NOTICES.

A. B. of maketh oath and saith, [#ry being

one of the People called Quakers, upon his solemn affirmation, saithL That ha did see a Copy of the Notice hereunto annexed, aftxed on tfi \

X2

SOB

No. VII. 41 Geo. III. c. 109.

Approvement and Inclosure of Commons. [Part II.

Church Door of the Parish of in the County

of [or, on the several Church Doors of the

respective Parishes of in the county of

or, in the several Counties of and

] on the several Sunday* hereinafter mentioned:videlicet [specifying the Day* on which the Notice* were affiied.] Signed A. B.

Sworn, for, solemnly affirmed] before us, two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the and subscribed in our presence, by the above named A. B. this day of

in the year As Witness our

Hands and Seals.

(B).

FORM OF AFFIDAVIT OF CONSENT.

A. B. of maketh Oath and saith, for, being

one of the People called Quakers, upon his or her solemn Affirmation saith] That he [or she] believes himself [or herself] to be interested in the proposed Inclosure of the

in tile [here describe the Place, whether

Parish Hamlet or Place] in the County of by

Virtue of [here set forth the Interest of the Deponent]; [or] that he; Jor she] believes that C. D. of for whom he [or

she] is Guardian [et cetera, as the Case may be] is interested, et cetera; .ana that he [or she] hath seen a Copy of an Act [here set forth the Title of this Act] and also a Copy of the Bill intended to be presented to Parliament, and hath subscribed his [or her] Name or hath set his [or her] Mark to the same respectively, and doth consent to the said Bill being passed into a Law.

Signed or marked A. 2L Sworn [or, solemnly affirmed] before us, two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the > and subscribed in our Presence, by the above mentioned A.'B. this Day of

in the Year As Witness our Hands and Seals.

The same form may be applied, mutatis mutandis, to the case of several persons whose interests are joint, or whose interests, though .distinct, are of a similar nature.

(C).

FORM OF AFFIDAVIT OF ALLEGATIONS OF THE BILL.

A.B. of - maketh Oath and saith, for, being

one of the People called Quakers, upon his or her solemn Affirmation, saith] That fhere set forth such of the several Pacts alleged in the Preamble of the Bill as are within the Knowledge of the Witness], or, that he [or sbel is informed and verily believes that [here set forth such of the said Facts as are within the Belief of the Witness. J

Signed A.B.

-Sworn [or, solemnly affirmed] before us, two of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the and subscribed in our Presence, by the above named A. B - this Day of

in the Year

As Witness our Hands and Seals

Class III.] Approvement and Inclosure of Comment.

(D).

FORM OF AFFIDAVIT OF ADMEASUREMENT.

' A. B. of maketh Oath and saith, [or, being

one of the People called Quakers, upon his solemn Affirmation, saith] That he has surveyed and admeasured the several Lands

in the Parish or Hamlet of in the County of

[or, Counties of] described in the Bill intended

to be presented to Parliament, and signed by the Deponent, by the Name [or Names] of and that the Quantity of

such Lands amount to and no more, according;

to such Admeasurement, and the best of this Deponent's Judgment.

A• R.

Sworn solemnly affirmed] before us, two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the and subscribed in our Presence by the above named A. B. this day of

in the Year As Witness our Hands and Seals.

300

No. VIL

41 Geo. UI. c. 109.

[No. VIII.] 1 & 2 Geo. IV. c. 23.—An Act to amend

the Law respecting the inclosing of Open Fields Pastures Moors Commons and Waste Lands in England [19tfc Jpril 1821.]

WHEREAS great inconveniences have arisen to landlords and other 1 A2 Gso.IV. persons owners of allotments allotted and set out to them by the c. 23. commissioner or commissioners under or by virtue of several Acts already passed, for dividing allotting and inclosing of open and uninclosed fields pastures moors commons and waste lands in England, by reason that such landlords and other persons owners of allotments as aforesaid, .

cannot, before the execution and perfecting of the award or awards by such Acts directed to be made by such commissioner or commissioners, distrain for the rent in arrear or unpaid for or in respect of such allotment or allotments; or support an action of trespass for any damage or injury done to such allotment or allotments, or an action of ejectment to recover the possession of such allotment or allotments, inconsequence of the freehold or legal seisin thereof respectively not being vested in such landlords and other persons owners of such allotment or allotments, by the award or awards of such commissioner or commissioners as aforesaid: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of Landlords, or this Act, it shall and may he lawful to and for all and every person and Persons acting persons, to whom any allotment or allotments of land has or nave been under their set out or allotted, or which shall or may hereafter be set out or allotted. Orders, may and to whom the possession of such allotment or allotments hath been enter upon already given by virtue of any order or direction orders or directions, or band allotted, to whom the possession thereof shall hereafter be given, by virtue of any *

order or direction orders or directions in writing, in the form and spe- ram for ., , cified in the schedule hereto annexed, and signed by the commissioner n<*T? or commissioners acting under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of parlia-xnent now or hereafter to be passed for dividing allotting and inclosing Award shall any open fields pastures commons moors and waste lands in England, not and who shall have demised the same or any part thereof to any tenant or servant, or for their his or her bailiff or agent bailiffs or agents, or any *

person or persons by them him or her authorized and employed for that purpose, to enter into and upon any such allotment or allotments, and to seize and distrain any goods chattels or effects which may be in Or upon

Mo/vm.

090. W.

* c.».

Actions At Lav may Also be brought.

Act not to Affect right of Penoos to Appeal against Award of Corngranted trader 41 G.I, e.K *, Aecomevoid

pirttion of their term, tecum-henqrwy grant

Approvement and htckmure Common*. [Part V.

such allotment or allotment, or in or upon any other lands tenements or hereditaments, held occupied or'enjoyed by the tenant or occupier of such allotment or allotments along and together with any such aJkfttnent or allotments, for any rent that may be in arrear and unpaid for all or any part of such allotment or allotments, and either alone or together with any such allotment or allotments, and any oilier lauds tenements and hereditaments held occupied or enjoyed therewith, notwithstanding the award or awards of the commissioner or commissioners appointed in -or named by or by virtue of any such Act or Acts so made and passed, or 4o be hereafter made and passed, shall not be executed and perfected hf such commissioner or commissioners, by virtue or in pursuanoe of any such Act or Acts of parliament.

II. And be itfurther enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every person or persons to whom any such allotment arnJfot-ments is or are already set out or allotted, or which dull or may be hereafter set out or allotted, and to whom such possession as aforesaid hath been already given, by virtue of any order or direction waders or directions, or the possession whereof shall hereafter be given to such person or persons by virtue of any order or direction' orcters or directions in writing, in tue form specified in the said schedule as aforesaid, and signed by such commissioner or commissioners as aforesaid, and to his her or their tenants stewards bailiffs agents or servants, to commence prosecute and maintain any action or suit at law, for any injury or damage that may be done or committed by any person or persons whomsoever, to the ground sod or herbage of any such allotment or allotments, or to the walls hedges fences ditches gates posts rails stills doughs bridges «r tunnels, already erected or to be erected in or upon any such Allotment or allotments, and to bring maintain and prosecute any action or actions of 'ejectment for recovering the possession of any such allotment or allotments, or any part or parts thereof, from any person or persons whomsoever, notwithstanding the award or awards of the commissioner or cotn-miswewers appointed in or named by or by virtue of any such Act or Acts now made and passed, or to be hereafter made and passed, shall not be executed and perfected by such commissioner or commissioners by virtue or m pursuance of any such Act or Acts of parliament: any thing in any Act or Acts, or any construction of or implication from any Act or Acts, or any law usage or custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall prevent or be construed to prevent, or take away the right of any person or persons bodies politic or corporate, and his her and their heirs successors and assigns, to appeal against die award or awards order or directions of any stion commissioner or commissioners when made and executed, or the right of possession to any such allotment or allotments, which may be affocted by the judgment of the court or such appeal; or to prevent or obstruct or m anywise lessen or prejudice any alteration or alterations to be made ordered or directed by any such commissioner or commissioners as aforesaid, for or in respect of any such allotment or allotments, in and by his or their award or awards, to be made and executed by virtue or in pursuance of any such Act or Acts of parliament as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever any lease or leases to be granted by any rector vicar or other incumbent under the powers or provisions of an Act passed in the forty-first year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for consolidating in one Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Incite sure, andfur facilitating the'Mode (f proving'the several Facts usually restored on the passing of such Acts, shall by any means become forfeited or void, or be surrendered before the expiration by effluxion of time of foe term or terms thereby granted, then and in such case, and as often as the same shall so happen, it shall and may be lawful for the rector vicar or cither incumbent for the time being of the same rectory vicarage-or parish, by and with the previous consent of the ordinary and patron, to

1C

«Uss ID.] .^pproeemtrtf and Inclosure of Commons. £IT

grant a new lease of the lands so demised, for suck term or terms of No. VIII. years as shall, at the lime or times of such avoidance, be then to come 1 dc 2 and unexpired of the original term or terms granted by such original jy

lease or leases, subject nevertheless to the provisions and conditions con- *

tained in such original lease or leases, and then remaining unperformed c* 23.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted. That the powers authorities PdwOTefdfol and provisions in this Act contained shall he only so far effective and Act only Wadbinding in each particular case, as they or any of them shall not be tag in cases otherwise provided and enacted in any Act hereafter to be passed for di- where not viding aUottjog and inclosing any open, fields pastures commons moors otherwise pfoSCHEDULE to which the Act refers.

I A.B. [or, in case of two or more Commissioners, We, A.B. C.D. jt.l 1 the Comnussknier [or Commissioners] named and appointed in ant by an Act of Parliament lately made and passed, intituled An Act [here insert the Title rf the Act by which the Commissioner or Commissioners u or one ommnted] do hereby order and direct permit and authorize 7'. F. or Ins [her or their] bailiff or agent, to take possession of all that allotment [here describe theaUotment or allotments by metes and bounds] 'by me or us] net out or allotted, and slaked or marked out to and for him [or her or their as the ease may be9] under and by virtue of the said Act, and to cultivate and manage or to let and demise the same allotment [or allotments] to any tenant or tenants, as he [or as she or they, as the case may be] shall think proper; but nevertheless subject and withoutprejudiceto smy such eyler or orders direction or directions, as I [or we] may think proper and expedient to make, in and by the award or awards to be hereafter executed by me [or us, ] so far as respects such allotment [or allotments] so set out and allotted, and staked or marked out to and for the mid T. F. As witness my hand or our bands, ] this Day of

Witness, (Signed) A. .


[Fart It

4H9

PART II.

CLASS IV.

Joint-Tenants, Coparceners and Tenants

in Commo

131dw.l. st. 1.

c. 22.

31 Ed. 3. f. 29. Rts. Waste,

35, 96.

2 Inst. 403.

Co. Lit. 200. 52 H. 3. c. 23. 0 Ed* lj c. 5 *

[No. I.] 13 Edward]. st. 1, c. 22.—Waste maintainable by one Tenant in Common against another.

* "WHEREAS two or more do hold wood turf-land or fishing or other

* such things in common, wherein none knoweth his several, and some of them do waste against the minds of the other, an action may lie by a writ of waste; and when it is come unto judgment, the defen* dant shall choose either to take his part in a place certain by the Sheriff, and by the view oath and assignment of his neighbours sworn and tried for the same intent, or else he shall grant to take nothing from henceforth in the same wood turf-Land and such other but as his partners will take. And if he do choose to take his part in a place certain, the

* part wasted shall be assigned for his part as it was before He committed the waste. And there is such a writ in this case, that is to $ay, v Cum A. et B. tenent boscum pro indiviso, B. fecit vastum, &c.

* Partition is often enforced by suit in equity, and such was for s considerable time the more usual course, but the proceeding by writ of partition is now very frequent, and is attended with the advantage of operating upon the estate itself, whereas a court of equity can only direct conveyances. In Parker v. Gerard, AmbL 236-—Nevis *l Levene, cited ibid, it was held, that the paiti-iian must be at the equal expence of tfte parties, however unequal their shares, and although one party offered to relinquish his share rather than incur the expence—but this opinion has not been followed.-^See Calmady v. Calmady, 2 Vesey, jun. 568.—See also a full discussion of the subject in a very complicated case, Agar v. Fairfax, 17 Vesey, 533. In Barry v.Nash, 1 V. & B. 351, it is laid down that upon a bill for partition there are no costs to the hearing, and that the costs of the partition and conveyances are to be borne in proportion to the interests. It might be a considerable improvement of the law to authorise courts

of equity to effect partitions which should be binding upon the legal estates of infants and absent persons, and (o award the tale of interests not conveniently susceptible of division. The Irish. Statute, 9 W. III. c. 12, contains provision* nearly similar to those of the English Statute* 8 & 9 W. c. 31. with the addition of some useful provisions respecting the meers and fences of the lands allotted in partition. The Irish Statute, 8 Geo. I. c. 5, obliges proprietors and tenants of neighbouring lands to make fences between their several holdings, and the statute 5 Geo. 11. c. 9, Ir. contains provisions for the partition of bogs.—-See 1 Gabbett, 477 to 487.

As to partition between parceners, &c. of Advowsons to present by turns, see statute 7 Anne, c. 18, ante Part I. Class II. No. 17.

See also 4XXAnne, c. 16, (ante Class I. No. 23.) section 27, as to actions of account by one tenant in common against another.

[No. II.] 31 Henry VIII. c. 1.—For Joint-Tenants and Tenants in Common.

31 H.Vin.

c. 1. Godbolt 84, pi. 97.

Kelhr. 308, b.

aii, b.

4 T^ORASMUCH as by the common laws of this realm divers of the

* King’s subjects being seised of manors lands tenements and heredi* taments as joint-tenants, or as tenants in common with other of any

* estate of inheritance in their own rights, or in the right of their wives, 1 by purchase descent or otherwise, and every of them so being joint- tenants or tenants in common, have like right title interest and possession in the same manors' lands tenements and hereditaments for

Glass IV.] Joint-Tenants, Coparceners, and Tenants in Common. 811

* their parts or portions jointly or in common undivided!y together with 'No* II *

* other; and none of them by the law doth or may know their several, ym

* parts or portions in the same, or that that.is his or theirs by itself un- . n‘ .

* divided, and cannot by the laws of this realm otherwise occupy or take c>

* the profits of the same, or make any severance division or partition thereof, without either of their mutual assents and consents; by reason

* whereof divers and many of them, being so jointly and undividedly

* seised of the said manors lands tenements and hereditaments, oftentimes of their perverse covetous and malicious minds and wills, against

* ail right justice equity and good conscience, by strength and power not only cut and fallen down all the woods and trees growing upon the same, but also have extirpated subverted pulled down and destroyed all the houses edifices and buildings meadows pastures commons and the whole commodities of the same, .and have taken and converted them to

* their own uses and behoofs, to the open wrong and disherison and

4 against the minds and wills of other holding the same manors lands Yin. Ahr. V *

4 tenements and hereditaments jointly or in common with them, and 14, 740 to 539. 4 they have been always without assured remedy for the same. ’

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King our most dread Sovereign Joint-Tenants Lord, and by the assent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and by the and Tenants in Commons in this present Parliament assembled, That all joint-tenants common are and tenants in common that now be or hereafter shall be of any estate CompelleMe to or estates of inheritance in their own rights, or in the right of their make partition wives, of any manors lands tenements or hereditaments within this realm of England WuUt or the marches of the same, shall and may be coacted and compelled by virtue of this present Act to make partition between them of all such manors lands tenements and hereditaments, as they .

now hold or hereafter shall hold as joint-tenants or tenants in common 32 h. 8. c. 32. by writ De participations facitnda, in that case to be devised in the King Ca pL £ 410.* our Sovereign Lord's Court of Chancery, in like manner and form as co- Raymond, 240. parceners by the 'common laws of this realm have been and are com- Dyer, 128, pellable to do, ana the same writ to be pursued at the common law. 450, b. Bis.

9 Bulst. 114. Partit. 38, 42. Cro. El. 759. Cro. Car. 44.

III. Provided alway and be it enacted, That every of the said joint- Every of the tenants or tenants in common and their heirs, afier such partition made, Joint-Tenants shall and may have aid of the other of their heirs to the intent to dereign and Tenants in the warranty paramount, and to recover for the rate as is used between Common Aril coparceners after partition made by the order of the common law; any *uve "d of the thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

---- - 6 Co. 12. '

[No. III.] 32 Henry VIII. c. 32.—Joint-Tenants for Term of Life or Years *

4 XK)RASMUCH as in the Parliament begun at Westminster the twenty- 32 Hen. Y1XL 4 x eighth day of April, and there continued till the twenty-eighth day c. $2.

4 of June, the thirty-first year of the King’s most noble and victorious 31 Hen. VIII. 4 reign that now is, it was amongst other things there enacted and es- c. 1.

* tablished, That all joint-tenants and tenants in common that then Joint-Tenants, € were or hereafter should be of any estate or estates of inheritance in and Tenants in their own rights or in the right of their wives of any manors lands Common for

4 tenements or hereditaments within this realm of England Wales or lives or years,

4 inarches of the same, shall ant} may be coacted and compelled by virtue shall make

* of the said Act to make partition between them of all such manors partition.

4 lands tenements and hereditaments as they then held or hereafter

4 should hold as joint-tenants or tenants in common, as more at large appeareth by the said statute:And forasmuch as the said statute doth

* not* extend to joint-tenants and tenants in common for term of life or

* years, neither to joint-tenants or tenahts in common where one or

• See Barry v. Nash, 1 V. & B. as to suits in equity for partition by lessees for years, in which (mtriia) it was held, that no objection can be

made to such partition from the minuteness of the interest, the inconvenience difficulty or reluctance of the other tenants in common.

Mo. 1H. asttviH.

c.38.

2 Bulat. 114.

1 Leon. 162. Joint-Tenants for life or yean are compellable to make partiBro. Partition, 30, 41.

Co. Ut. 1715, a.*187, a.

I

IfM. 41.

Cm Car. 44.

GDJ&*»AU; :h.

>«f then hate but a particular estate for term of life or years, 4 and the other have estate or estates efinhentmoe of and in nay mantra lands tenements and hepcdhamentst* Be st therefore enacted hr the King our .Sovereign Lord, and by the ament of the lands Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this present Parliament amemUad, nod by the Authority of the same, That ml jont-teaants and temmu in common, and every of them, which now hold or hereafter shatt hold jointly nr in common Jnr teim of life year or years, nr joint-tenants or tenants, in common, whose one or some of them have nr shall have estate or estates hr term of life nr years, with the other that have nr nhall have notate nr estates of inhehtuoe nr freehold in any manors lands tenements or hereditaments, shad and may be compellable from henoeforth by writ of partition to be pursued out of the King’s Court of Cbaaoenr upon his or their ease or cases, to make aererance and partition of afi such manors lands tenements and hereditaments which they hold jointly or in common fur term of life or lives year or years, where one nr none of them hold jointly or in common for term of life or years with other, or that have an estate or estates of inheritance'of freehold.

II. Provided alway and be it enacted, that on ouch partition nr severance hemafter to be made by fame of this Act be nor -studl be prejudicial nr hurtful to any person or persons their heirs or successor! ouch which be parties unto me said partition their exeoutors or i

[No. IV.] 8 & 9 William III. c. SI.—An Act fertile easier obtaining Partitions of Lands in Coparcenary Joint-Tenancy and Tenancy in Common.

a n TO 4 WHEREAS the proceedings upon writs of partition between corpar8 1U* 4 cenere by the common law or custom, joint-tenants and tenants la

* ’common, are found by experience to be tedious chargeable and tfftes31H. 8*c. t. times ineffectual, by reason of the difficulty of discovering the persona Jt& t, o32i and estates of* the tenants of the manors messuages lands tenements and hereditaments to be divided, and the defective or dilatory executing and returning of the process of summons attachment aqd distress, an other impediments in making and establishing of partitions, by season 1 of which divers persons having undivided parts or purparts are greatly oppressed and prejudiced, and the premises are frequently wasted and < destroyed, or lie uncultivated and unmamtred, so that the profits of the Vm V. M, 470 same are totally or in a great measure lost:* For remedy whereof be it to 539. enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice

After process of *nd consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this Pone or Attach- present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That meat returned from and after the first day of May one thousand six hundred ninety-on Writof seven, after process of pone or attachment returned upon a writ of potL

PanHitw, tkm, affidavit being made by any credible person of due notice given of

the said writ of partition to the tenant or tenants to the action, and a copy thereof left with the occupier or tenant or tenants, or if they cannot be found, to the wife son or daughter (being of the age of one and twenty years or upwards) of the tenant or tenants, or to tWe tenant in actual possession by virtue of any estate of freehold, or for term of years, or uncertain interest, or at will, of the manors lands tenements or hereditaments whereof the partition is demanded, (unless the said tenant in actual if the Tenant possession be demandant in the action,) at least forty days before the day donot enter an return of the said pone or attachment, if the tenant or tenants to such writ, or any of them, or the true tenant to the messuages lands tenements Court mev unv hereditaments as aforesaid, shall not in such case, within fifteen days teej toexJJ^ne after return of such writ of pone or attachment, cause an appearance to ne the Demand- stored in such court where such writ of pone or attachment shall be antYttfe, ftc. returnable, (l) then in default of such appearance, the demandant 'having

"(I) TBh statute applies only to rases where tile tenant does not appear.—dDyer *. Brittotifc 1 B. ft P. 044.

Clan IV.] Jobd-Tenmtf», ‘Coparcener *, and TetimiU in Common* 815

entered bis declaration, the court may proceed to examine the demand- No. IV. ant's title and quantity of his part and purpart, and accordingly as they 8 & 0 ahall find his light part and purpart to be, they dhall for so much give '

judgment by default, and award a writ to make partition, whereby such wuuam AAA-proportion part and purpart may be set out severally; which writ being executed after eight days notice given to the occupier, or tenant or tenants of the premises, and returned, and thereupon final judgment entered, (?) the same shall be good, and conclude all persons whatsoever after notice as aforesaid, whatever right or. title they have, or may at any time chum to have in any of the manors messuages lands tenements and hereditaments mentioned in the said judgment and writ of partition, although all persons concerned are not named in any of the proceedings, oorthe title c»Fthe tenants truly set forth.

' H. ’Provided always, That it such tenant or person concerned, or either If Tenant or tftbem against whom or their right or title such judgment *by default other shall, in is given, shall within the space ot one year after the first judgment en- one year after acred, or in case of infancy coverture Non tan« Memoria or absence out of judgment en-the kingdom, within one year after his her or their return, or the deter- tred, ftc. Aew miration of -such inability, apply themselves to the oourt by motion f where such judgment is entered, and shew a good and probable matter in bar of such m bar of such partition, or that the demandant hath not title to so much P*?"* as be hath recovered, then in such case the court may suspend or set aside such judgment, and admit the tenant and tenants to appear and plead, and the cause shall proceed according to due course of law as if no/

such judgment had been given: And if the court upon hearing thereof shall adjudge fortheihrst demandant, then the said first judgment shall stand confiimed, and be good against all persons whatsoever, except such other persons as shall be absent or disabled as aforesaid; and the person or persons, so appealing shall be awarded thereupon to pay costs, or if within such time or times aforesaid the tenants or persons concerned, admitting the demandant’s title parts and purparts, shall shew to the court an inequality in the partition, the court may award a new partition to be made in presence of all parties concerned (if they will appear,) notwithstanding the return and filing upon record the former, which said second partition returned and filed shall be good and firm for ever against all persons whatsoever, except as before excepted.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no plea Ho plea in

in abatement shall be admitted or received in any suit for partition, nor abatement to shall the same be abated by reason of the death of any tenant. be admitted *

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when under Sheriff the high sheriff, by reason of distance infirmity or any ether hindrance, -m ^tmet of* cannot conveniently be present at the execution of any judgment in par- justices, tition, in such case the under sheriff, in presence of two justices of the may act for peace of the county where the lands tenements or hereditaments to be High Sheriff divided do lie, shall and may proceed to execution of any writ of partition,

by inquisition in due form of law, a9 if the high sheriff were tnen personally present; and the high sheriff thereupon shall, and is hereby enabled and required to make the same return as if he were personally present at such execution:And in case such partition be made returned Tenants before and filed, he or they that were tenant or tenants of any of the said mes- the division to suages lands tenements and hereditaments, or any part or purpart thereof, be Tenants before they were divided, shall be tenant or tenants for such part set out under the bum severally to the respective landlords or owners thereof, by and under the conditions, &c. same conditions rents covenants and reservations, where they are or shall be so divided, and the landlords and owners of the several parts and purparts so divided and allotted as aforesaid shall warrant and make good unto the respective tenants the said several parts severally, after such partition, as they are or were bound to do by any copy leases or grants of their respective parts before any partition made; and in case any demandant be tenant in actual possession to the tenant to the action for his part and proportion, or any part thereof, in the messuages lands tene(2) See a proceeding under this provirion, Halton v. Earl of Thanet, 2 BL Kept. 1134, 1159.

if ItS Joint- Tenants, Coparcener*, and Tenants in Common. [Part II.

No. IV.

8 & 9 William III. c. 31.

Sheriff *, Under Sheriff *, Ac. c. to give due Attend-aace for executing Writs of Partition, &c«

This Act to continue for

' 7 jgte

menu and hereditaments, to be divided by virtue of a writ of partition as aforesaid, for any term of life lives or years or uncertain interest, the said tenant shall stand and be possessed of the said purparts and proportions for the like term and under the same conditions and covenants when it is set out severally in pursuance of this or any other Act statute or law to that purpose.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the respective sheriffs their under sheriffs and deputies, and in case of sickness or disability in the high sheriff, all justices of peace within their respective divisions, shall give due attendance to die executing such writ of partition, unless reasonable cause be shewn to the court upon oath, and there allowed of, or otherwise be liable every of them to pay unto the demandant such costs and damages as shall be awarded by the court, not exceeding five pounds, for which the demandant or plaintiff may bring his action in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at We*tmiiuterT wherein no essoin protection privilege or wager of law shall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance; and in case the demandant shall not agree to pay unto the sheriffs or under sheriffs, justices and jurors, such fees as they shall respectively demand for their pains and attendance in the execution of the same and returning thereof, then the court shall award what each person shall Teceive, having respect to the distance of the place from their respective habitations, ana the time they must necessarily spend about the same, for which they may severally bring their actions as aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, That this Act shall continue for seven years, and from thence to the end of the next session of Parliament, and no longer: [Made perpetual by 3 fit 4XXAnne, c. 18. sect. 3.]

PART II.

CLASS V.

317

Class V.J

Mortmain and Charitable Uses.

[No. I.] 9 Henry III. (Magna Csarta,) c. 36.—No Land shall be given in Mortmain.

4 TT shall not be lawful from henceforth to any to give his lands to any 9 c 33, 4 A religious house, and to take the same land again to hold of the same .

4 house. Nor shall it be lawful to any house of religion to take the lands *

4 of any, and to lease the same to him of whom he received it. If any w#ortm.36, 4 from henceforth give his lands to any religious house and thereupon be, Init ^* 4 convict, the gift shall be utterly void, and the land shall accrue to the wood* Tn

4 Lord of the fee/ 301.

Enforced and amended by 7 Ed. 1, at. 2. 13 Ed. I, at. 19 c. 32.

[No. II.] 7 Edward I. stat.2, c. 1.—Who shall take

the Forfeiture of Lands given in Mortmain.

4< TPHE King to the Justices of his bench greeting, where of late it was 7 Ed. 1. at. 2,

x provided, That religious men should not enter into the fees of any c, i,

without licenceand will of the chief Lord of whom such fees be holden g H .

4t immediately; and notwithstanding such religious men have entered as j’<T#f$

well into their own fees as into the fees of other men, approprying and j *

buying them, and sometime receiving them of the gift of others, whereby 157 457^ *

the services that are due of such fees, and which at the beginning were 2 Roil. 170.

provided for defence of the realm, are wrongfully withdrawn, and the 9 H. 3, ataL 44 chief Lords do lease their eschetes of the same4 We therefore to the 1 & 2, c. 36.

4 profit of our realm intending to provide convenient remedy, by the ad- 8 H. 4, 15.

4 vice of our prelates earls and other liege men of our kingdom being of 4i Ed.3, 16, 21. 4 our council, have provided made anckoraained, That no person religious 47 Ed. 3, 11.

4 or other whatsoever he be, that will buy or sell any lands or tenements. Bra Mortmain, 4 or under the colour of gift or lease, or that will receive by reason of any 16, 18, 20, 4 other title whatsoever it be lands or tenements, or by any other craft or ^4>38»

4 engine will presume to appropre to himself under pain of forfeiture of 2) Rd 3"22.

the same, whereby such lands or tenements may any wise come into Mortmain. 4 mortmain. We have provided also, That if any person religious or J3 Co. LfcT&b!' 4 other, do presume either by craft or engine to offend against this statute, 15 Ed. 4 i3.

4 it shall be lawful to us and other chief Lords of the fee immediate, to pits. Forme- *

4 enter into the land so aliened within a year from the time of the doo, 57.

4 alienation, and to hold it in fee as an inheritance. And if the chief Fits. Quire,

4 Lord immediate be negligent, and will not enter into such fee within imp. 163.

the year, then it shall be lawful to the next chief Lord immediate of the N - .

4 same fee to enter into the same land within half a year next fallowing, be°alien«d in and to hold it as before is said; and so every Lord immediate may enter Mortmain upon into such land, if the next Loxd be negligent in entering into the same of the for- fee as is aforesaid. And if all the chief Lords of such fees, being of full future thereof.

4 age Vithin the four seas and out of prison, be negligent or slack in this 2 Bulstr. 187.

4 behalf for one whole year, we, immediately after the year accomplished 3 Bulstr. 45.

4 from the time that such purchases gifts or appropriations hap to be ^Vho shall ie- made, shall take such lands and 'tenement* into our hand, and shall ct\7t the bene- infeoff other therein by certain services to be done to us for the defence fit of the For«

4 of our realm; saving to the chief Lords of the same fees theifl wards and feiturt.

318 Mortmain and Charitable U$e$. [BulE

[No. H. eschetes, and other service* thereunto due and accustomed. And there-p, . fore we command you, that ye cause the foresaid statute to be read be4 "*•4 fore you, and from henceforth to be kept firmly and observed. Witness 8t. x, C. 1. < myself at Westminster the fifteenth day of November, the seventh year

* of our reign. ’

Saftcced tad amended by 13E«L 1, sl l, c.32. 10 Ed. 3, at. 3, c. 3. 34 Ed. 1, at. 3.

13 Ed. 1. at* 1, c. 32.

7 Ed. 1, utat. % 2 Inst. 428.

Iha. Cot 1, 2,

<, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10,

>1, 9, 24, 25,

26, 27, 31, 40,

it

10 H^7, ft3.

11 E*ab«.3>

c* 3.

Every chief Load may

ledge the Jurors.

9 H.3, aa c. 36 *

[No. III.] 13 Edward I. st. 1, c. 32.—Mortmain by Recovery of Land by Default.

" WREN religious men and other ecclesiastical persons do implead any, and the party impleaded maketh default, whereby he ought " to lecse the land, forasmuch as the Justices have thought hitherto* 44 that if the party hnpleaded make default by collusion, that where the " demandant, by occasion of the statute, could aot obtain seisin of the u land by tide of gift or other alienation, he shall now by reason of the rt defkult, and so the statute is defrauded; w 4 it is ordained by our Locd c die King and granted. That in this case after the default made, it shall be inquired by the country whether the demandant had right in the thing demanded or no. And if it be found that the demandant had right in his demand, the judgment shall pass with him, and he shall recover seisin; and if he hath no ridit, the land shall accrue to the neat Lord of the fee, if he demand it within a year from the time of the Inquest taken; and if he do not demand it within the year, it shall accrue to the next Lord above, if he do demand it within half a year after the same year; and so every Lord after the next Lord shall have the space of half a year to demand it successively wutH k come to the King, to whom at length through default of ether Lords the land shell accrue. And to challenge the Jurors of the Inquest, every of the chief Lord* of the fees shall be admitted, and likewise for the' King (hey that will shall challenge; and after the judgment given, the land shall remain, dear in the King s hands, until it he dereigned by the demandant or some other chief Lord, and the Sheriff shall be d therefore at the Exchequer. ’

charged to answer

[No. IV.] )3 EdwnrriI. st. 1. c. 33.—Lands where Crosses be set, shall be forfeited a& Lands aliened in Mortmain.

UHla.1. a tooraSMUCH as many tenants set up crosses, or cause to baser a, 33. «« x up is their laads, in prejudice of their Lords, that tenants should

tkaitl defend themselves against the chief Lords of the fee by the prrvi" leges of templars am hospitalers4 it is ordained. That such lands < shall be forfeit to the chief Lords, or to the King, in the same manner as is provided for lands aliened in Mortmain.7

aasBomuBBaaom

[No. V.] 34 Edward Lst. 3.—That Lands shall not be aliened in Mortmain, where there be Mesnes, without their Consent.

34 Ed. La 3» 1 npOUCHiNG die King’s grant to be made upon Inquests returned ol I, X i°fe> die Chancery for lands to be aliened into Mortmain, the c. 36. # King commanded) that nothing shall be done (where there be airy Lends

7 Ed. I, st. 2. 4 mean) except the religious persons can shew to our Lord the King their

13 Ed !»«. I, < ascent under their patents sealed with their seals; and that nothing c.32L .1 shall pass in case where the donor reserveth. nothing to himself. And

OUfa, dc fiber- < likewise where Inquisitions be made and returned without warrant, tat. pcvquir. < that is to wit, the writ original returned with the Inquest, and likewise 27 Ed. 1. 4 unless the writ original make mention of every thing according to the

4 new ordinance devised by the King.' (i)

(»)

»7t8W. IU.e.37.p«tNo. 10.

CtetV.]

MerUnsm mdt Ch&riMUt IImk

E No.VL] 18 Edward III. rt. *

pmM for puvebaslag Lands

«. %—Prehte» Ifcrtmaw,

n»No. VI.

18 Ed. HI.

1TTEM, If prelates clerks benefited or religious people which have *. 3, c. 3.

4 A purchased lands, and the same have put to mortmain, be ha- V^v^/

* peached upon the same before our Justices, and they shew our charter jg va qft of licence and process thereupon made by an Inquest of Ad quod *. 3;

4 damnum, or of our grace or by fine, they shall be freely let m peace,

4 without being further impeached for the same purchase. And in case they cannot sufficiently shew that they have entered by due process after licence to them granted m general or in special, that they snail be well received to make a convenient fine for the same; and' that the en- 7 Ed. 1, at. 2.

4 gutry of this article shall wholly cease according to the accord comprised IB Ed. 1, *. l, 4 m this parliament/ c. 3.

1 Ed. 3, *. 2,

M—mmm^m—mmamam 12.

[No. VILJ 15 Richard EL c. 5.—Assurance of Lands to certain Places Persons and Uses, shall be adjudged Mortmain.

u ITEM, Whereas it is contained in the statute De Meligiotm, That no 15 Richard II.

religious nor ether whatsoever be be, do buy or sell er under colour c. 5.

of gift or tens, or any other manner of title whatsoever, receive of any 7 Ed. I. it. 2* u man, or in any manner by gift or engine cause to be appropriated unto "him any lands or tenements upon pam of forfeiture of the same,

"whereby the said lands and tenements in any manner might Come to Mortmain, And if any refigious, or any other, do a^aiust die said It is wiffim tfir "Statute by art to engine in any manner, that it be lawful to the King couipmofSn " and to other Lords upon the *srid lands and tenements to enter, as in Surat* of the said statute doth more fully appear. And now of late by subtile Moftmahi to "imagination aad by art and engine, some religious persons parsons vicars convert sny and other spiritual persons, have entered in divers lands mid tenements. Jjnd to a 44 which be adjoining to their churches, and of the same by sufferance Church-yard.

and assent of the tenants have made church-yards, and by bulls of the Bishop of Essie hove dedicated and hallowed the same, and m them do make continually parochial burying, without licence of the King and of the chief Lords r 4 therefore it is declared in this Parliament, That it is manifestly within the compass of the said statute. And moreover Morans *

4 it b agreed and assented. That all they that be possessed by feoffment, where acme bn os by other manner to the use of religious people or other spiritual per- eebedof fends sons, of lands and tenements fees advewsons, or any manner other pes- to there *

4 sessions whatsoever, to amortise them, aad whereof the said rebgtous religious or aad spiritual persons take the profits, that betwixt this and the feast of *Pintua^ P*1 *

4 St. Michael next coating they shall cause them to be amortised by the ion>a 4 licence of the King and of the Lords, or else that they shall sell and aliene them to some other use between this and the said feast upon pain to be forfeited to the King and to the Lords, according to the form of the said stalute of religious, as lands purchased by religious people: And that from henceforth no such purchase be made, so mat such religious or other sphitbal persons take thereof the profits as afore is said, upon

' t aforesaid. And that the same statute extend and be observed of Mortmsai to

* all lands tenements fees advowsons and other possessions purchased or purchase to be purchased to the use of gilds or fratern tries*. And moreover k is to gilds fj assented, because mayors bailms and commons of cities boroughs and nities other towns which have a perpetual oovmnonaky, and others which have comm offices perpetual, be as. perpetual as people of religion, that from bence- forth they shall not purchase to them and to their commons or office,

* nann min mAteinM in tb# mat t*ahri» TV And

offices

1 upon pain

Mortmtm la

m the said statute Da Religmm*.

4 others be possessed er hereafter shall purchase to their use, and they irepecroftri^ thereof take the profits, it shall be done in fike manner as is aforesaid imirla of people of rtiigtoo/ asv.

Mortmain and Charitable Utee.

930

[Part II.

No. vrn.

S3 H. VIII. c. 10.

9.

23 Hen. VIII. c. 10.

Aaunmcti of Lands to Churches Chapels, Ac. c. . shall be void. Cro. El. 288. 11 Co. 71.

[No. VIII.] 23 Henry VIII. c. 10.—An Act for Feoffments and Assurances of Lands and Tenements made to the Use of any Parish Church Chapel or such like.

* "WHERE by reason of feoffments fines recoveries and other estates and assurances made of trusts of manors lands tenements and

* hereditaments, to the use of parish churches chapels church-wardens guilds fraternities commonalties companies or brotherheads erected and made of devotion, or by common assent of the people, without any corporation, and also by reason of feoffments fines recoveries wills

* and other acts made to any uses aforesaid, or to the uses and intents to have obites perpetual or a continual service of a priest for ever, or for threescore or fourscore years, founden of the issues and profits of the manors lands tenements and hereditaments, whereof such feoff- merits fines recoveries wills and other acts been made, or that the feoffees conisees recoverm or other persons and their heirs thereof seised shall take levy receive and perceive, or cause or suffer to be taken levied and perceived, the issues revenues and profits thereof, and the

* same to dispose pay convert or otherwise employ or suffer, or cause to

* be disposed paid converted or employed to any such uses intents or purposes as above specified, or to any other like uses and intents; there

* groweth and issueth to the King our Sovereigp Lord, and to other lords and subjects of the realm, the same like losses and inconveniences, 4 and is as much prejudicial to them as doth and is in case where lands

* be aliened into mortmain

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King our Sovereign Lord, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every such uses intents and purposes of what name nature or quality they shall be called, that shall be devised covenanted made declared or in any wise ordained after the first day of March, in the three and twentieth year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord King Henry the Eighth, by any feoffee recoverer or conisee, or By any other person or persons to whose use any such feoffee recoverer or conisee shall be seised of any manors lands tenements or hereditaments, or of the issues revenues and profits of them or any of them, shall be utterly void, and of no strength virtue nor effect in the law.

Proriso for is- III. Provided alway, That it shall bd lawful to every person being surances of seised of any manors lands tenements or hereditaments to his own proper Lands to use, or having feoffees recoverors or conisees to his use, to make ordain chinches, dec. or devise, or cause to be made ordained or devised, any of the uses infer 20 years. tents and purposes above specified, in such manner as they might have done before the making of this Act, and as if this Act had never been had ne made; so that no such uses intents or purposes to be so made ordained or devised, after the said first day of March, be not in any wise made ordained devised or appointed to endure continue or abide, by any craft colour terms sentences clauses words pr other means, above the term of twenty years next after the first making and beginning of any such uses intents or purposes.

Collateral as- IV. And it is further enacted, That if any person or persons in defraud sunneesin de- of this Statute bind or ordain any their heirs or successors, or any other frauding of the person or persons, that they shall suffer such uses intents and purposes Statute shall be to endure and continue, contrary to this Act, upon pains or penalties of ▼°id« losses of any other lands tenements or hereditaments, or of any other

thing or things; or do, attempt or devise by any coloifr craft or means any thing or things to make any such uses intents or purposes to be declared, contrary to the true meaning of this Act, to continue or abide for any longer time or season than is above limited for the same; that then every such pain penalty craft colour, and every other thing and

• See the cases on this Statute, Coroyn’sUses, M. See also St. 1 Ed. VI. c. U, for churches collegiate, tad Smart. v« Pmjesn, 567~D« Gamer v. Law *

son, 4 Vesey, 433—Da Costa v. Dcpas, AmhL 228 —Cary v, Abbott, 7 Vesey, 490.

Class V.] Mortmain and Charitable Uses. 321

things, of what kind nature or quality soever it he that shall be so made No. V11L ordained or devised in defraud of this Act, shall he utterly void in the qo u yri r law to all intents; and that this Statute shall he always interpreted and expounded, as beneficially as may be, to the destruction and utter avoid- c* _, ing of such uses intents and purposes therein above remembered, and of all other like uses and inteuts, otherwise than only after such manner as is afore by this present Act provided.

V. Provided alway, That in such cities and towns corporate, where Customs of by their ancient customs they have good and lawful authorities to devise Cities and into mortmain the lands tenements and hereditaments within the same Towns to devise cities or towns corporate, that this Act shall not be in any»wise preju- lands, saved, dicial or hurtful to any such custom.

[No. IX.] 43 Elizabeth, c. 4.—An Act to redress the

Mis-employment of Lands Goods and Stocks of Money heretofore given to certain Charitable Uses.

* 'ytfllK.REAS lands tenements rents annuities profits hereditaments 43 Elis. c. 4.

* goods chattels money and stocks of money have been hereto- c fore given limited appointed and assigned, as well by the Queen’s

most excellent Majesty and her most noble progenitors, as by sundry JJLube*of mi»other well disposed persons; some for relief of aged impotent and poor employment of

* people, some for maintenance of sick and maimed soldiers and mariners, 1 *, ^, or goods

4 schools of learning, free schools and scholars in universities, some for given to Hospirepair of bridges ports havens causeways churches sea-banks and tab, &c.

* highways, some for education and preferment of orphans, some for or Their orders towards relief stock or maintenance for houses of correction, some for shall be permarriages of poor maids, some for supportation aid and help of young formed.

4 tradesmen handicraftsmen and persons decayed, and others for relief or 2 Inst. 707,

* redemption of prisoners or captives, and for aid or ease of any poor inha- Vin.V. 4—476. 4 bitants concerning payments of fifteens setting out of soldiers and other

* taxes; which lands tenements rents annuities profits hereditaments goods chattels money and stocks of money, nevertheless, have not been

* employed according to the charitable intent of the givers and founders

* thereof, by reason of frauds breaches of trust and negligence in those

* that should pay deliver and employ the same:* For reurcss and remedy

whereof, Be it enacted by authorii v of this present Parliament, That Cro. Car. 526. it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Chancellor or Keeper of Commissioner* the Great Seal of England for the time being, and for the Chancellor of to enquire of the Duchy of Lancaster for the time being for lands within the county the gift of lands palatine of Lancaster, from time to time to award commissions under the and goods to Great Seal of England or the Seal of the county palatine, as the case shall charitable uses, require, into all .or any part or parts of this realm respectively, according ifour Commia-to their several jurisdictions as aforesaid, to the bishop of every several "o0611 at the diocese and his chancellor, (in case there shall be any bishop of that diocese at the time of awarding of the same commissions,) and to other 1J6i persons of good and sound behaviour, authorizing them thereby, or any tour or more of them, to enquire as well by the oaths of twelve lawful men or more of the county as by all other good and lawful ways and means, of all and singular such gifts limitations assignments and appointments aforesaid, and of the abuses breaches of trusts negligences mis-im ploy men ts not imploying concealing defrauding mis-converting or mis-government of any lands tenements rents annuities profits hereditaments goods chattels money or stocks of money heretofore given limited appointed or assigned, or which hereafter shall be given limited appointed or assigned, (1) to or for any the charitable and godly uses before renearsed:

* See the doctrine which has been established in tenant in tail against persons in remainder.—Tay respect of this Statute, in Duke's Charitable Uses, v. Slaughter, Prec. Ch. 16.—So before, Statute and the Summary thereof, Comyn's Uses, a. —See of 29 George IL post, by a devise of a copyhokl also Morris r. Bishop of Durham, 10 Vesey, 540. without surrender—Attorney-General v. Andrews,

(1) Under this Statute, an estate would pass 1 Vesey, 225—but not by a will since the Statute by way of an appointment, by a mode of ditposi- of Frauds, not duly attested.—Attorney-General tion not generally valid, as by a deed or will of r. Baines, Prec. Ch. 270.

Vol. 1. Y

322

No. IX.

43 Eliz.

c. 4.

The Enquiry. The Cotnmis-saooers’ orders.

The Commissioners* orders shall be executed.

The Commissioners* orders altered.

Colleges Halls in Oxford or Cambridge Westminster Eaton Winchester, Cathedral Churches.

1 Lev. 284. City, Town Corporate, College, Hospital, Free* School.

Ordinary’s jurisdiction.

None shall be Commissioner or Juror which hath any port of the lands or goods in question.

Purchasers of the lands bona fide.

Recoin pc nee by those which break the trust.

Mortmain and Charitable Diet. [Part II.

And after the said commissioners or any four or more of them (upon calling the parties interessed in any such lands tenements rents annuities profits hereditaments goods chattels money and stocks of money) shall make enquiry by the oaths of twelve men or more of the said county (^hereunto the said parties interessed shall and may have and take their lawful challenge and challenges,) and ujton such enquiry hearing and examining thereof, set down such orders judgments and decrees as the said lands tenements rents annuities profits goods chattels money and stocks of money may be duly and faithfully employed to and for such of the charitable u-cs and intents before rehearsed respectively, for which they w ere given limited assigned or appointed by the donors and founders thereof: which orders judgments ana decrees, not being contrary or repugnant to the orders statutes or decrees of the donors or founders, shall by the authority of this present parliament stand firm and good, according to the tenor and purport thereof, and shall be executed accordingly, until the same shall be undone or altered by the Lord Chancellor of England or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England, or the Chancellor of the county palatine of Lancaster, respectively, within their several jurisdictions, upon complaint by any party grieved to be made to them.

II. Provided always, That neither this Act nor any thing therein contained shall in any wise extend to any lands tenements rents annuities profits goods chattels money or stocks of money given limited appointed or assigned, or which shall be given limited appointed or assignee, to any college bailor house of learning within the Universities of Orfard or Cambridge, or to the colleges of Westminster Eaton or Winchester, or any of them, or to any cathedral or collegiate church within this realm.

III. And provided also, That neither this Act nbr any thing therein shall extend to any city, to town corporate, or to any the lands or tenements

given to the uses aforesaid within any such city or town corporate, where iere is a special governor or governors appointed to govern or direct such lands tenements or things disposed to any the uses aforesaid, neither to any college hospital or free school which have special visitors (2) or governors or overseers appointed them by their founders.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That neither this Act nor any thing therein contained, shall be any way prejudicial or hurtful to the jurisdiction or power of the ordinary, but that he may lawfully in every cause execute and perform the same as though this Act had never been had or made.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no person or persons that hath or shall have any of the said lands tenements rents annuities profits hereditaments goods chattels money or stocks of money in his hands or possession, or doth or shall pretend title thereunto, shall be'named a commissioner or a juror for any the causes aforesaid, or being named shall execute or serve in the same.

VI. And provided also. That no person or persons which hath purchased .or obtained, or shall purchase or obtain, upon valuable consideration of money or land, any estate or interest of in to or out of any lands tenements rents annuities hereditaments goods or chattels, that have been or shall be given limited or appointed to any the charitable uses above mentioned, without fraud or covin, having no notice of the same charitable use, shall not be impeached by any decrees or orders of the commissioners above mentioned for or concerning the same his estate or interest: And yet nevertheless, be it enacted, That the said commissioners, or any four or more of them, shall and may make decrees and orders tor recompence to be made by any person or persons who being put in trust, or having notice of the charitable uses above-mentioned, hath or shall break the same trust, or defraud the same uses, by any conveyance gift grant lease demise release or conversion whatsoever, and against the neirs executors and administrators of him them or any of them having assets in law or equity, so far as the same assets will extend.

(?) the eyodtion of this clause, see the case of Kirkby Ray cos worth, a East. 221— 15 Vesey, 305, and the cases there cited.

Class V.] Mortmain and Charitable Uses. 323

VII. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend to give power or authority to any commissioners before mentioned to make any orders judgments or decrees for or concerning any manors lands tenements or other hereditaments assured conveyed granted or come unto the Queen's Majesty, to the late King IIinry the Eighth, King Edward the Sixth, or Queen Mary, by Act ot Parliament surrender exchange relinquishment escheat attainder conveyance or otherwise:And yet, nevertheless, be it enacted, That if any such manors lands tenements or hereditaments, or any of them, or any estate rent or profit thereof, or out of the same or any

(part thereof, have or hath been given granted limited appointed or assigned to or for any the charitable uses before expressed, at any time sitnence the beginning of her Majesty's reign; that tnen the said commissioners, or any four or more of them, shall and may, as concerning the same lands tenements hereditaments estate rent or profit so given limited appointed or assigned, proceed to enquire and to make orders judgments and decrees according to the purport and meaning of this Act, as before is mentioned; the said last mentioned proviso notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all orders judgments and decrees of the said commissioners, or of any four or more of them, shall be certified under the seals of the said commissioners, or any tour or more of them, either into the Court of the Chancery of England, or into the Court of the Chancery within the county palatine of hnneester, as the case shall require respectively, according to their several jurisdictions, within such convenient time as shall he limited in the said commissions.

IX. And that the said Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper and the said Chancellor of the Duchy shall and may, within their said several jurisdictions, take such order for the due execution of all or any of the said judgments decrees and orders as to either of them shall seem fit and convenient.

No. IX. 43 Eliz. c.4.

Land assured to King Henry 0, Edward 6, Queen Mary and Queen Elisabeth.

Certifying of the oniexs.

Order for the execution of the Commis-rionen’ Decree. Cro. Car. 40.

X. And that if after any such certificate or certificates made, any person remedy for or persons shall find themselves grieved with any of the said orders judg- , , penon roents or decrees, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for them or any grieved by the of them, to complain in that behalf unto the said Lord Chancellor or Lord Commissioners' Keeper, or to the Chancellor of the said Duchy of Lancaster, according to Decree, their several jurisdictions, for redress therein? And that upon such complaint, the said Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper, or the said Chancellor of the Duchy, may according to their said several jurisdictions, by such course as to their wisdoms shall seem mectestthe circumstances of the case considered, proceed to the examination hearing and determining thereof;

(3) and upon hearing thereof shall and may annul diminish dlter or enlarge the said orders judgments and decrees of the said commissioners, or any four or more of them, as to either of them in their said several jurisdictions shall be thought to stand with equity and good conscience, according to the true intent and meaning of the donors and founders thereof; and shall and may tax and award good costs of suit by their Cost of Suit discretions against such persons as they shall find to complain unto them, against the without just and sufficient cause, of the orders judgments and decrees complainers. before mentioned.

(3) In Saul v. Wilson, 2 Vem. 118, it is inti- cause throughout, and that an appeal lies of course, mated, that a decree founded on this Act is final, notwithstanding any loose opinions to the contrary and that there can be no re-hearing or appeal to the —and for which the learned commentator refers House of Lords—-but in 3 BL Com. 428, it is said, to Duke, 62, 128—Burford v, Sonthill, Ch. 9, that the proceeding is considered as an original May 1743.

[No. X.] 7 & 8 William III. c. 37-—An Act for the Encouragement of charitable Gifts and Dispositions.

41WHEREAS it would be a great hindrance to learning and other good 7 & 8 W. ill. and charitable works, if persons well inclined may not be permitted 37.

4 to found colleges or schools tor encouragement of learning, or to aug- 9 Geo. 2| c. 36. ment the revenues of colleges or schools already founded, by granting

324 Mortmain and Charitable Utet. [Part II.

No. X.

7 & 8 William 111. c 37.

9 H. 3, c. 36.

The King may grant Licenses to Aliens, or purchase in Mortmain.

Lands so aliened n«>t subject to forfeiture.

* lands tenements rents or other hereditaments to such colleges or schools, or to grant lands or other hereditaments to other bodies politick or in- corpnraied now in being, or hereafter to be incorporated for other good and publick usesbe it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King our most gracious Sovereign Lord, and for his heirs and successors, when and as often and in such cases as his Majesty his heirs or successors shall think fit, to grant to any person or persons bodies politick or corporate their heirs and successors, license to alien in mortmain, and aho to purchase acquire take and hold in mortmain in perpetuity or otherwise, any lands tenements rents or hereditaments whatsoever, of whomsoever the same shall be holden.

II. And it is hereby declared, That lands tenements rents or hereditaments, so aliened or acquired and licensed, shall not be subject to any forfeiture for or by reason of such alienation or acquisition.

[No. XI.] 9 George II. c. 36.—An Act to restrain the Disposition of Lands, whereby the same become unalienable.

9 Geo. II. c. 36. 4 Vlf IlEREAS or alienations of lands tenements or hereditaments

4 in Mortmain, are prohibited or restrained by Magna Charta a id < divers other wholesome laws as prejudicial to and against the common utility; nevertheless this publick mischief has of late greatly increased by many large and improvident alienations or dispositions made by lan- gni?hing or dying persons, or by other persons, to uses called Charitable Utet, to take place after their deaths, to the disherison of their lawful No Manors heirs for remedy whereof be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Lands, Ac. c. nor Majesty, by and with, the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and money to be Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by laid out in lands, the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of P*cn for June which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred charitable uses, an(j thirty-six, (1) no manors lands tenements rents advowsons Of other unless by deed hereditaments corporeal or incorporeal whatsoever, (2) nor any sum or exerted before sums °* money goods chattels stocks in the publick funds securities for twowitnesaes money> or any °&er personal es*tate whatsoever to be laid out or disposed 12 months’of m l^e purchase of any lands tenements or hert ditaments, (3) shall be before the death of the donor, and inrolled, Ac. c.

(1) The Statute does not extend to wills previously made, but a republication of a will, or a confirmatory codicil, made after the statute, renders the dispositions void.—Willet v. Sandford, 1 Vesey, 178—Attorney-General v. Heartwell, Amb). 451.

(2) The statute has received a very extensive construction, with respect to the subjects upon which it operates, as being real estate, and it is held to comprehend money due on mortgages— Attorney-General v. Meyrick, 2 Vesey, 44—even as forming a part of a general residue—Pickering e. Lord Stamford, 2 Vesey, jun. 272—(See also White v. Evans, 4 Vesey, 21; ) a right to lay mooring chains in the Thames—Negus v. Coulter, Amb. 367; a sum secured by mortgage of turnpike tolls—Knapp t>. Williams, 4 Vesey 430; or by the bonds of the commissioners of a turnpike —Howse v. Chapman, 4 Vesey, 542; so money-secured by an assignment of county rates, under a special Act of Parliament — Finch t>. Squire, 10 Vesey, 41.

Although the statute contains no express words prohibiting a bequest of money, to be produced by the sale of laud for charitable purposes, it is settled by construction, that such a bequest is within the spirit and meaning of the law.— Per Sir Wm. Grant; Curtis r. Hutton, 14 Vesey, 537.

(3) The prohibition, as to money to be laid out in lands, extends to a disposition to pay off the mortgate on a chapel—Corbyne. French, 4 Vesey, 418; or to enable trustees to complete a purchase of Land, ibid. arg. In Widmore v. Woodroffe, Amb. 636, 1 Bra. Ch. 13, a devise to the corporation of Queen Anne's bounty, was held void, because the corporation are bound by their roles, confirmed by the King under the great seal, to lay out thpir funds in the purchase of lands. It was urged, that a power was reserved to the crown to make new rules, and the point was suggested, whether, if such a law were to be made, it would «iat extend to the case; but by the Lord Chan-ciuncellor (Lord Camden,) the rules are of force 30^10

Class V.] Mor tmain and Charitable Usee. 325

ft:wen granted aliened limited released transferred assigned or appointed, or No. XI. any ways conveyed or settled to or upon any person or persons bodies poli- 9 Geo. II. tick or corporate or otherwise, for any estate (n) or interest whatsoever, or c gg any ways charged or incumbered l»y any person or persons whatsoever in t ,

till they are altered, and were in force at the death of the testator, when the legacy was to take place —and udoq the authority of this case, a disposition to the Society for increasing Clergymen* Livings in England or Wales was held void, 'as 1.0 other society was deemed to meet the description in the will.—Middleton u. Clitheroe, 3 Vesey, 734. But now, by statute 43 GeoJII. c. 11)7, ante Part I. Class II. No. 29, devises of land to the Governors of Queen Aune’shounty are expressly allowed.

A bequest of 3001. to be laid out in the purchase of lands, or on some real Security, is void.— Attorney-General v. Bowles, 3 Atk. 806.

Where money was given to be laid out in erecting a school. Lord Hardwicke intimated, that if any other person would give a piece of land, the money might be so applied, . C but the contrary doctrine is now completely settled—and in the Attorney-General v. Nash, 3 Bro. Ch. 588, it was held, that a bequest to build a house for a schoolmaster was void, although the trustees purchased lands with their own money, which they offered to give to the charity. So a bequest to erect and build a hospital is void.—Attorney-General v. Heart well, Amb, 451. So Vaughan v. Farrer, 2 Vesey, 182. A bequest for the purpose of erecting a free-school void, although there was s piece of vacant land in mortmain within the parish, on which part of a school-house stood, the will not pointing at those premises.—Attorney-General v. Hyde— Vide case of Royston free-school, AmbL 751, 1 Bro. Ch. 444. Note.

A bequest to build a new parsonage house is good —Ghibb v. Attorney-General, A mb. 373.—and it is evident, from all the cases, that a disposition for building upon or improving land already in mortmain is valid.—See the several cases cited in the Attorney-General v. Parsons, 8 Vesey, 186.

Where there there is a discretion to invest money in land or in a manner not prohibited—as in^ personality (or in land in Scotland, which is ex-’ cepted in sec. 6,) it seems to be agreed, that the disposition is good, and in that case the trustees may exercise their discretion, by investing the money in land.—Vi. Vaughan v. Farrar, 2 Vesev, 182—Grimmett v. Grimmett, Amb. 210— Soresby v. Hollins, and Grayson r. Atkinson, cited ibid—Curtis v. Hulton, 14 Vesey, 537. The case of Grimmett i'. Grimmett is s strong case of construction in support of such discretion. But where the interest of 120h was to be paid to the poor, and the money was to be laid out in land as soon as the trustees could meet with a purchase, it was held, that the direction to invest in land was imperative, and the disposition therefore void.—Englishe r. Orde, Highmore on Mortmain, 82—See also Grieves v. Case, 4 Bro- 67. A disposition to purchase land for a charity 11 and in case the charity could not by law take place according to her directions, to lay out the mon$y in such' charitable uses as near to her intentions as could be, and the laws would be"—led to

be fraudulent and void.—Attorney-General v. Tyndall, Amb. 614.

Where a disposition of land for charitable purposes is void by the statute, a personal funa attached to it is void also—as gft of houses, as alms-houses for certain poor objects, and an annual sum to each house.—-Attorney-General v. Goulding, 2 Bro. Ch. 428, confirmed under circumstances similar in effect, Attorney-General v. Whitchurch, 8 Vesey, 141. So a bequest of a residue to purchase or build a chapel, where the executors might think it most wanted, and any overplus to go to the support of a minister, not exceeding 201. a year, and any further overplus to such charitable purposes as the executors might think proper—the purchasing or buildings chapel, (which according to the cases above cited could not be supported,) being the primary object, the whole was void. See also, to the same effect, Attorney-General v. Davies, 9 Vesey, 535. As to the case of the object of building a chapel being left vague in respect of the requisite amount.— Chapman v. Brown, 6 Vesey, 404.

But a disposition may be partly good and partly void when the purposes are distinguishable—ax where a person having founded alms-houses by a valid deed, bequeathed a sum of money in trust, to apply the surplus interettin rebuilding repairing altering adding to or improving the messuages or tenements ground and appurtenances before conveyed, the disposition was declared valid, so far as the money was to be applied in rebuilding repairing altering or improving the premises, and so far as the additions should be made upon the land before conveyed—but bad so far as any addition should be made, by acquiring other land. Attorney-General v. Parsons, 8 Vesey, 186, Note. The discretionary power of the trustees seems not to have been adverted to Where a testatrix gave a house upon trust, to deposit ink the books thereafter given and purchased—and gave to trustees all the religious books which she might leave at her death, and her personal estate upon trust, to apply the residue of her estate for the use of the Welch circulating schools—and for the increase and improvement of Christian knowledge, and promoting religion as the trustees should think proper—and to purchase new Bibles, Ac. c. for such pious uses as were intended concerning those already bought—and, in the mean time, to deposit the said Bibles, &c. in the said house. The disposition as to the personal estate was sustained, the Lord Chancellor being of opinion that the charity ' wis not so engrafted into, connected with, and placed upon an establishment in real property, that the charity coald not subsist, as the realestate was so given-that the house was meant to be subservient to the distribution of books, but not necessarily connected with that purpose.—Attorney-General v. Stepney, 10 Vesey, 22, Vide 2 Mars. 61. 6 Taunt. 359.

(a) A testatrix after charging her estate with vjUUV IL,

326

No. XI. 9 Geo. II, c. 36.

Mortmain and Charitable Uses. \Part II.

trust, or for the benefit of any charitable uses whatsoever; (4j) unless such gift conveyance appointment or settlement of any such kiwis tenements or hereditaments sum or turns of money or personal estate (other than stocks in the publick funds) be and be made by deed indented sealed and delivered in the presence of two or more credible witnesses, twelve calendar months at-least ltefnre the death of such donor or grantor (including the days of the execution and death,) and be inrolled in his Majesty’s High Court of Ci»ani*ery within six calendar months next after \ne exethe payment of an annuity, devised the name to G. . his heirs and assigns for ever; but her wish and desire was, that G. ., in his life-time, should convey the estate to soma charitable uses, the choice of which was left entirely to his discretion: and subject to this, G. . was to enjoy the estate to his own use for his life. Held, that this was a devise void by 9 Geo. 2. c. 36, by whit h act the estate given and not merely the trust, was made void; and that the legal estate, upon the death of the devisee for life, descended on the heir at law. Doe, d. Burdett v. Wrighte, 2 B & A. 710.

(4) In Durour v. Motteux, 1 Vesey, 320, a testator devised 1200/. or thereabouts, to be laid out in the purchase of land for certain charitable uses confessedly void—the remainder of the lands to pay an annuity of 10/. to a minister, to preach a sermon to his memory, and keep his tomb-stone in repair, and certain annual sums to the clerk and sexton, and the corporation of St. Albans, for keeping the accounts. The whole was adjudged to be void. The annuity to the minister was a charitable use which was not prevented by the addition of the sermon—so were the annuities—and the rest was not only s vain concomittant of the charitable bequest, but s circumstance attending the general execution thereof; and if that construction were not made, it might elude the Act of Parliament, for the reward for doing those offices might be as great as the testator pleased; so the gift to the corporation was a reward for their service, and but a circumstance attending the charitable bequest; and though the keeping the accounts was not void, yet if the charity on which it was to attend was void, it must be so too. A disposition, to bring water from A. to B. for the use of the inhabitants of a town, ia a charity and void. Jones v. Williams, Ambler, 651. So of money from land to be appropriated to the improvement of a town—House v. Chapman, 4 Vesey, 542; for the purpose of establishing a botanical garden ', the testator declaring that he thought it would be a public benefit. Townley v. BedweH, 6 Vesey, 194.

In Doe dem Philips v. Aldridge, 4 T. R. 264, land was devised to Aldridge upon trust, that he should convey the same to take place after his decease for the support of preaching the wonl of God at the meeting-house at L and expressing that the testator expected he would settle and forward every thing to promote and carry on the

work of God at L both in his lifetime and

after his decease, and it was held, that though the subsequent limitation was void the defendant’s life estate was clearly good.

[There can be little doubt, that if no objection had existed to the legality of the devise, the expression of the expectation would have been deemed imperative; for which see several

cases cited in a note to the report; and in the case next mentioned. Lord Commissioner Ashurst observed, that perhaps it was not so much looked into as it might Hhve been. It sppeara also to have been decided in the absence of Ashurst and Buller J. and with that kind of hurry which is always to be regretted in the administration of justice.]

* But in Grieves v. Case, 4 Bro. Ch. 67, 1 Vesey, jun. 548, upon a devise of money to be laid out in lands for Mendham for life; afterwards as to part for Eastaugh for Hfe; and as to the remainder to the preacher of a certain chapel for the time being, he and E. exchanging the duty; and after the decease of both, to the preacher or preachers tt the chapel, with r proviso that if Mendham or Easthaugh should withdraw preaching at the chapel, to go to the preachers appointed in their room, the whole was determined *to be void. And per Lord Commissioner Eyre, " It was argued that there was a personal bounty intended for M. and E. 1 agree that there was; but k is equally apparent, that it flowed from a confidence in them, in the character of ministers, and not in any other way. Then it comes to the question, whether if a plain trust and disposition to a charitable use is manifested by the will, and intended throughout, but if that disposition is also manifested with a certain degree of personal bounty and favour to particular objects that will take the case out of the statute: but I am of opinion, that if the personal bounty cannot be separated from the general object in respect of which they are to have that preference, it is not sufficient."

Upon a devise to trustees to take a house as a school, and that the children and grand children of certain relations of the testator should be educated there, and then placed'out as apprentices; and that such other boys and girls should be placed there as the trustees should think fit: the disposition was held good so far as regarded the particular relations coming in esse within the time allowed by law; and void so far as it went to establish a charity for general purposes; —the Lord Chancellor declared he did not mean to prevent the trustees from taking other children as long as the sch<x>l was to be kept open for the ehildren and grand children, Blandford v. Thack-erell, 2 Vesey, jun. 238.4 Bra Ch. 394; but See White v. White, 7 Vesey, 423. Attorney General v. Price, 17 Vesey, 371. Isaac v. De Pries, note, ibid, in which dispositions to poor relations were sustained as general charities.

In Curtis v. Hulton, 14 Vesey, 537, it was contended, that a disposition of land for charitable purposes in Scotland or elsewhere out of England was good, but ruled contra.

Class V.] Mortmain and Charitable Uses.

cution thereof; and unless- such stocks be transferred in the publick books usually kept for the transfer of stocks, six calendar months at least before the death of such donor or grantor (including the days of the transfer and death,) and unless the same be made to take effect in possession for they charitable use intended immediately from the making thereof, and be without any power of revocation reservation (5) trust condition limitation clause or agreement whatsoever, for the benefit of the donor or grantor, or of any person or persons claiming under him. (6)

II. Provided always, That nothing herein before mentioned relating The said li-to the sealing and delivering of any deed or deeds twelve calendar months mitations not at least before the death of the grantor, or to the transfer of any stock six to extend to calendar months before the death of the grantor or person making such purchases or transfer, shall extend or be construed to extend to any purchase of any transfers made estate or interest in lands tenements or hereditaments, or any transfer of for valuable any stock to be made really and bona fide for a full and valuable considera- considerations, tion actually paid at or before the making such conveyance or transfer

without fraud or collusion. (7)

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all gifts Gifts, &c. made grants conveyances appointments assurances transfers and settlements otherwise, ab whatsoever, of any lands tenements or other hereditaments, or of any solutely void, estate or interest therein, or of any charge or incumbrance affecting or

to affect any lands tenements or hereditaments, or of any stock money goods chattels or other personal estate, or securities for money to be laid out or disposed of in the purchase of any lands tenements or hereditaments or of any estate or interest therein, or of any charge or incumbrance affecting or to affect the same, to or in trust for any charitable uses whatsoever, which shall at any time from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, be made in any other manner or form than by this Act is directed and appointed shall be absolutely and to all intents and purposes null and void, (tt)

(5) A conveyance of land* subject to a perpetual rent charge to the grantor for charitable purposes, is apparently void, although the rent charge is intended as a full equivalent, without any purpose of bounty on the part of the grantor. On this account it was thought necessary, under the sanction of several opinions of the first eminence, to obtain an Act of Parliament to confirm the title of the Manchester Infirmary. The practice is to make a grant or demise in general terms; and for the grantees to make a subsequent conveyance or declaration of trust.

(6) A grant by deed, executed and' enrolled, pursuant to this statute, of lands to trustees and their heirs, to the use of one of them, his heirs and assigns, upon condition that he, his heirs and assigns, should, from time to time, repair a vault and tomb standing upon part of the lands, and, if need be, rebuild it, and permit the same to be used as a family vault for the grantor and any of her family, and, in default thereof, then over to the other trustee his heirs and assigns, is not within this clause. Doe, d. Thomson v. Pitcher, 3 M. and . 407. vide 2 Mars. 61.

(7) A contract for sale of land to a charity upon which the purchase-money was not paid in the life of the seller, not carried into effect after his death against his heir at the instance of the charity and personal representatives.—Attorney General v. Day, 1 Ves. 218.

The owner of land having, at his own expence, built a chapel, which was used for the purpose of public worship, and the congregation having subscribed a sum of money far die purpose of enlarging and improving the same, he, in consideration that the money so subscribed should be expended for that purpose, demised the premises by lease for twenty-three years, reserving a peppercorn rent dyring his life, and 10/. per annum after his death. A declaration of trust was afterwards executed by some of the lessees, declaring that they would hold the premises in trust for the congregation assembling at the chapel, and that in case the public worship should be there discontinued, then that they would assign the premises for civil purposes. Held a conveyance for the benefit of a charitable use, and void under this statute. Also, that neither the sum agreecbto be expended on the premises, nor the rent reserved at the death of the lessor, could be considered a full consideration paid for the lease, so as to bring the case within the 2d section. And also, that' the declaration of trust, although executed only by some out of the several lessees, was evidence against ail of the purpose for which the lease was granted. Doe d. Welland, v. Hawthorn, 2 B« and A. 96.

(8) A devisee in general terms may be compelled to answer whether the devise was made upon a secret trust or promise to apply the property to charitable uses; in which case the statute attaches. See Strickland v. Aldridge, 9 Vesey* 516, and the authorities there cited; but if there is a will in itself valid, and a subsequent unattested paper not communicated to the devisee, indicating the purpose of the testator to devote the land to charitable purposes, the devisee mav object that the estate was devised by a will well

328

No. XI.

9 Geo. II. c. 36.

But not to prejudice the two Universities, or the Colleges of Eton Winchester or Westminster.

No College to hold more Advowsons then shall be equal to one moiety of their Fellows, &c.

This Act not to extend to estates in Scotland.

Mortmain and Charitable Uses. [Part II.

IV. Provided always, That this Art shall not extend, orl»c construed to extend, to make void the dispositions of any lands tenement* or hereditaments, or of any imtmiiiaI estate to l*c laid out in the purchase of any lands tenements or hereditaments, which shall be made many other manner or form than lo this Art is directed to or in trust for either of the two Universities wi bin that part of Great Britain called Enpland, or any of the colleges or houses of learning within either of the said Universities, or to or i’ll trust for the colleges of Eton Winchester or H'e*/-rninstet' or any or ei.her of them, for the better support and maintenance of the scholars only upon the foundations of the said colleges of Eton Winchester and Westminster, (d)

V. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no such college or house of learning which doth or shall hold or enjoy so many ath owsons of ecclesiastical benefices as a^e or shall be equal in number to one moiety of the fellows, or persons usually styled or reputed as fellows, or where there are or shall be no fellows or persons usually styled or reputed as fellows to one moiety of the students upon the foundation, whereof any such college or house of learning doth or may by the present constitution of such college or house of learning consist, shall from and after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, be callable of purchasing acquiring receiving taking holding or enjoying any other advowsons of ecclesiastical benefices by any means whatsoever; the advowsons of such ecclesiastical benefices as are annexed to or given for the benefit or better support of the headships of any of the said colleges or houses of learning not being computed in the number of advowsons hereby limited. (10)

VI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to the disposition grant or settlement of any estate, real or personal, lying or being within that part of Great Britain called Scotland. (11)

executed; and that the subsequent paper was not well executed. See Adlington v. Cann, 3 AtV .141.

It is settled that a court of equity will not marshal assets so as to give a charitable legacy a preference in the application of the personal estates, and throw a greater burthen on the real estate in respect of debts and other legacies.— Makeham v. Hooper, 4 Bro. Cb. 153, and the several cases there cited. As to the manner of apportioning the respective funds, see the Attorney General v. the Earl of Winchelsea, 3 Bio. Ch. 373. Howse v. Chapman, 4 Veaey, 642. Paice v. Archbishop of Cam. 14 Vet. 361.

In Arnold v. Chapman, 1 Vesey, 10P, upon a devise to J. . he paying the testator's executors 1000L and the residue of the personal e>tate to a charity, it was ruled that the legacy was intended as part of the charitable fund, and being void, enured for the benefit of the heir at Law. Grosvenor v. Hallam, cited one Bro. Ch. 61. Devise subject to a rent upon trust to sell and pay the money as directed, the rent being for charitable purposes, belongs to the heir at law, and not to the legatee of the money. See this case, Ambl. 643.

In Jackaon o. Hu clock, Ambler 487, upon a devise to . M. subject to charitable legacies, ruled that the legacies sunk for the benefit of the "devisee. So Wright v. Row, 1 Bro. Ch. 61. A void charitable legacy of personalty or res] estate, converted out and out into personalty, falls into the general residue. Durour v. Motieux, 1 Ves. 321. So in case of a bequest of leasehold premises. Stanley v. Barker, 4 Vesey, 732, but upon a trust to sell and pay the purchase money, or a particular part thereof, to a charity, the heir

is entitled to the amount given to the charity. See Ackroyd v. Smithson, 1 Bra Ch. 503. Gibbs v. Ramsey, 2 V. and B. 294. As to funds provided for charity legacies being applied to make good a deficiency of assets for other legacies. See Currie v. Pie, 17 Vesey, 462.

(yj In the case of Christ's College, Cambridge, 1 Bl. 90* it was ruled that a devise to certain officers of the college to maintain certain students there, and for other charitable purposes, was good, as relating to the students of the college; but void so far as the college were appointed trustees for other charitable purposes. By Srat. 5l Geo. III. c. 105, dispositions in favour of the Royal Naval Asylum are excepted out of this Act. There is also an exception by stat. 12 Geo. II. c. 31. in favour of Bath Hospital; and probably there may be other instances of a similar nature.

In Middleton v. Cater, 4 Bro. Ch. 409, it seems to be taken for granted, that a custom for the freemen of London to devise in mortmain would be good, notwithstanding the statute; but it was decided that the custom extends only to land in London.

(10) Ruled that a devise of land to University College to buy livings was good, although they had already the limited number, as the devise might be performed by the exchange of advowsons. Attorney General v. Green, 2 Bro. Ch. 492.— This Section is repealed by 46 Geo. III. c. 101. See the next number.

(11) Devise of money to be held out in land in Scotland for charitable purposes, good. Oli-phant v. Hendrie, 1 Bro. Ch. 571. Mackintosh

Townsend,

Mortmain and Charitable Uses.

329

Class V*]

[No. XII.] 43 George III. c. 10/.—An Act for iffec- No. XII. tuating certain Parts of an Act, passed in the second 43 Geo. HI. and third Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen c- 10?-Anne, intituled An Act for the making more Effectual her Majesty's gracious Intentions for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, by enabling her Majesty to grdnt in Perpetuity the Revenues of the First Fruits and Tenths; and also for enabling any other Persons to make Grants for the same Purpose, so far as the same relate to Deeds and Wills made for granting and bequeathing Lands Tenements Hereditaments Goods and Chattels, to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Ann a, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and for enlarging the Powers of the said Governors. — [27 th July 1808.]

[Inserted ante Tart 1. Class II. No. 29.]

[No. XIII.] 45 George III. c. 101.—An Act to repeal so much of ail Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to restrain the Disposition of Lands, whereby the same become unalienable, as restrains Colleges within the two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge from purchasing or holding Advowsons, except as therein is provided.— [10th July, 1805.]

[Inserted ante Part I. Class II. No. 33.]

[No. XIV.] 52 George III. c. 101.—An Act to provide a summary Remedy in Cases of Abuses of Trusts created 'for Charitable Purposes. — [9th July, 1812.]

\VWHEREAS it is expedient to provide a more summary remedy in 520. HI.

T cases of breaches of trust created for charitable purposes, as well as c. 101.

for the just and upright administration of the same; * Be It therefore In -enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice Breach^of and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this Trust peljtion present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That pre»emed to from and afier the passing of this Act, in every case of a breach of any Chancellor, trust or supposed breach of any trust created for charitable purposes, or &c. who shall whenever the direction or order of a Court of Equity shall be deemed hear the same necessary for the administration of any trust for charitable purposes, it in a summary shall be lawful for any two or more persons to present a petition to the way, and to Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the custody make order of the Great Seal, or Master of the Rolls for the time being, or to the therein.

Court of Exchequer, stating such complaint and praying such relief as

the nature of the case may require; and it shall be lawful for the Lord

Chancellor Lord Keeper and Commissioners for the custody of the

Great Seal, and for the Master of the Rolls and the Court of Exchequer,

and they are hereby required to hear such petition in a summary way,

and upon affidavits or such other evidence as shall be produced upon

such hearing to determine the same and to make such order therein,

and with respect to the costs of such applications, as to him or them shall

seem just; and such order shall be final and conclusive, unless the party Appeal to

or parties who shall think himself or themselves aggrieved t^ei; ebysl(all House of Lords.

830 No. XIV.

52 Geo. III. c. 101.

Petitions signed and certified, &c.

Proceedings not liable to Stamp Duty.

Mortmain and Charitable User. [Part II.

within two years from the time when such order shall have been passed and entered by the proper officer, have preferred an appeal from such decision to the House of Lords, to whom it is hereby enacted and declared, that an appeal shall lie from such order. (1)

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every petition so to be preferred as aforesaid shall be signed by the persons preferring the same, in the presence of and shall be attested by the solicitor or attorney concerned for such petitioners, and every such petition shall be submitted to and be allowed by his Majesty's Attorney or Solicitor-General, and such allowance shall be certified by him before any such petition shall be presented.

III. And be it further enacted, That neither the petition, nor any proceedings upon the same or relative thereto, nor the copies of auy such petitions or proceedings, shall be subject or liable to the payment of any stamp duty whatever.

(1) The trustees of a charity not appearing make the order prayed, or such other order as to the petition, an order was made that they to the court should seem meet. Expafte Pea-should shew cause why the coifrt should not gears, 1 V. and B. 496.

[No. XV.] 52 George III. c. 102.—An Act for the

registering and securing Charitable Donations. — [9th July 1812.]

52 G. III. vyWHEREAS charitable donations have been given for the benefit of

c. 102. poor and other persons in England and Wales to a very consideraMemorial of < ble amount, and many of the aforesaid donations appear to have been

Deeds, &c. re- «lost, and others from the neglect of payment and the inattention of

4 those persons who ought to superintend them are in danger of being table Donations <or rendered very difficult to be preserved* Be it therefore enacted JjUndc<l by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and con-egwtcr sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present

' Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That a memorial or statement of the real and personal estate, and of the gross annual income investment and the general and particular objects of all and every charity and charities and charitable donations, for the benefit of any poor or other persons in any place in England and Wales, which shall nave been founded established made benefited increased or secured, together with the names of the respective founders of or benefactors thereto, where known, and also of the person or persons in whose custody possession or controul the deeds wills and other instruments whereby such charities of charitable donations shall have been founded established made benefited increased or secured may be, and also of the names of the then trustee or trustees feoffee or feoffees possessor or possessors of such real or personal estate, shall from and after six calendar months after the passing of this Act, be registered by such person or persons who shall then be the trustee or trustees feoffee or feoffees possessor or possessors thereof, or some or one of such persons, in manner and in the form contained in the schedule to this Act annexed, in the office of the clerk of the peace of the county, or city or town being a county of itself, within which such poor or other persons shall be; and such ' memorial or statement shall be signed by such person or persons causing

the same to be registered and left in the said office of such clerk of the peace, who shall forthwith transmit a duplicate or copy of the same unto the enrolment office of the High Court of Chancery.

The like of II. And be it further enacted, That wherever any such charity or Charitable Do- charitable donations shall be founded established made or benefited, innations here- creased or secured, by any deed will or other instrument hereafter to be after founded, made or executed by any person or persons, that then a like memorial or statement, according to the directions hereinbefore contained, shall be registered and left and transmitted as aforesaid, by such person or persons as are hereinbefore mentioned, within twelve months after the

- ,

Class V,) Mortmain and Charitable Uses. 331

decease of such person or persons by whom any such will deed or deeds No. XV. or other instrument shall have been made or executed. kq c III

III. And be it further enacted, That for the purpose of such registries

of such memorials or statements, the clerk of the peace for the time c* being of each and every county, or city or town being a county of itself, or ruling within England and Wales, shall as there shall be occasion Clerks of the provide proper books of parchment or vellum wherein such registers shall Peace to probe made and entered; and every such original memorial or statement, vide proper and every such book provided as aforesaid, shall be carefully kept and Book *, wherein^ preserved for publick use and inspection in the office to which it shall Registries made.' belong, together with a correct index to be made from time to time by such clerk of the peace of such charities and charitable donations, distinguishing each by the name of the original or first donor or founder thereof, where known, or the appellation or title most generally used for such charity or charitable'donations.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case the persons to be benefited Node* given in by any such charity or charitable donations as aforesaid, shall not be London Gazette wholly within any one county, then and in such case, such clerk of the if Peiaonabene-peace of the county where any such charity or charitable donation shall "*ed *jaU n<* be registered, shall forthwith notify in the London Gazette the name or . whol‘y title thereof according to the appellation or title used in the index afore- m °°# c<?un y* said, and the names of the several places wherein the objects of such

charity or charitable donations shall be, and the particular or general objects thereof, and also the name of the county wherein such memorial or statement shall have been registered.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any such charity or charitable If Donation not

• donation shall not be duly memorialized stated and registered according registered Peti-to the provisions of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any two per- hon presented sons or more interested in such charity or charitable donation, to present to Lord Chan-a petition to the Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners ccUor» &Cm

for the custody of the Great Seal, or Master of the Rolls for the time being, or the Court of Exchequer, complaining thereof; and they are hereby required to hear such petition in a summary way, and upon affidavits or such other evidence as shall be produced upon such hearing to determine the same, and to make such order therein and with respect to the costs of such application and proceedings as to him or them shall seem fit, and which oruer shall be final and conclusive.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no proceedings Proceeding! not under the provisions hereinbefore mentioned, shall extend or be con- to decide right strued to extend to decide any. right or title as to the property that shall or title, be so registered, or as to the persons who shall be entitled or claim to be entitled to the benefit thereof or any interesr therein.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every clerk of the peace Clerk of Pe«ce of the several counties and ridings in England and Wales, shall as often to make search-as required make searches concerning all memorials and statements es, and give directed by this Act to be entered in his or their office as aforesaid, and Copies of Reshall also give copies of the same under his hand, if required by any per- gisters.

son whatsoever, who shall tender or be willing to pay him the sum or sums hereinafter directed to be allowed to him for such copies of such memorials or statements as aforesaid.

VIII. And Ve it further enacted, That every such clerk of the peace Allowanca to shall be allowed for the registering every such memorial or statement as Clerk of the is by this Act directed, the sum of four shillings and po more, in case the Peace; same do not exceed four hundred words, but if such memorial or statement shall exceed four hundred words, then after the rate and proportion

of one shilling an hundred for all the words contained in such entry, and

the like fees tor the like number of words contained in every copy of any

entry given out of the said register, and no more; and for cverv notifies- to persoo

tion in the London Gazette the costs of Such notification, and the further inserting notifisutn of ten shillings for drawing and inserting the same, and transmitting cation in Gathe duplicate or copy hereinbefore mentioned unto the enrolment office setter

of the High Court of Chancery, and no more *

33*2

No. XV. 53 Geo. III. c. 102.

Further time allowed to register Memorial where difficulties occur in preparing the same.

Costs attending preparing Memorials allowed.

Not to extend to Donation not secured upon lands; nor to Charitable Institutions.

Act not to extend to any Royal Foundations; nor to certain lnatituMortmain and Charitable Uses. [Part II.

IX. And be it further enacted, That where any difficulty shall occur in making and preparing such memorial or statement as aforesaid, so as to render it neressary to employ any longer time than is allowed by the

Krevisions of this Act for registering such memorial or statement as creiubefure is mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for the Court of Quirter Sessions for the county, or city or town being a county of itself, wherein such memorial or statement is intended to be registered, to allow on application made to them, and on examination of the circumstances, such hirther time not exceeding six calendar months, as to such court shall seem necessary to be given for the purpose of duly registering such memorial or statement as hereinbefore is mentioned.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Court of Quarter Sessions of the county, or city or town being a county of itself, wherein such statement or memorial shall have been registered, to allow such reasonable costs and charges attending the preparing and registering notifying and transmitting such n»emoriaT or statement, with reference to the income of the charity or charitable donation, to such person or persons causing the same to be registered, as such court shall think fit; and it shall and may be lawful for such person or persons who shall have caused such memorial or statement to be registered, to deduct out of the income funds rents and profits in his or their hands of such charity or charitable donation so by him or them memorialized and stated and registered, the sum and sums so allowed, and no more:Provided always, that the said Court of Quarter Sessions shall not allow any sum whatever for and in respect of such costs and charges, unless it shall he stated to them upon the declaration in writing of the person or persons applying for such allowance, and signed by him or them that such memorial or statement is to the best of his her or their knowledge and belief true in every respect, and that it doth contain to the best of his her or their knowledge and belief a true and full account of the real and personal estate annual gross income investment and the particular or general objects of the charity or charitable donation of which such memorial or statement shall have been registered, together with the names of the respective donors or benefactors thereto, where known, and also of the person or persons in whose custody possession or controul the deeds wills and other instruments hereinbefore mentioned shall at such time be, and also the names of the trustee or trustees, feoffee or feoffees, possessor or possessors of such real and personal estate:Provided always, that none of the provisions hereinbefore contained shall be construed to extend to any charity or charitable donation not issuing out of or secured upon any lands tenements or hereditaments, or directed by the founder or donor thereof to be secured thereon, or to be permanently invested in government or any public stocks or funds, nor to any charitable donation whatsoever which by the direction of the donor thereof, or by the law ful rules of any charitable institution whatsoever, may be wholly or in part expended in and about the charitable purposes for which the same may have been given at the discretion of the governors directors managers or the trustee or trustees of such charitable institution at any tune whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to extend to any hospital school or older charitable institution whatsoever, which shall have been founded improved or regulated by or under the authority of the King's most excellent Majesty or any of his royal predecessors, or of any special Act of Parliament thereunto particularly relating; nor to any charitable donation under the superintendence of any such hospital school or institution, nor to the governors of the corporation of the charity for the relief of poor widows and children of clergymen, nor to any friendly society, the rules whereof shall have been confirmed according to the provisions of the Act or Acts for the encouragement and relief of friendly societies; nor to either of the Universities- of Oxford or Cambridge, nor to any college or hall thereto belonging, nor to any charitable bequest devise, gift or foundation

Class V.] Mortmain and Charitable Uses. 333

whatsoever belonging thereto, or under the controul direction super- No. XV. intendence or management of the said Universities or either of them, or *o iir

any college or hall therein respectively; nor to the liaddijfe Infirmary *

within the University of Oxford; nor to the colleges of Westminster c' 1 _ Eton or Winchester, or any of them; nor to any cathedral or collegiate church within England and Wales; nor to the Charter House; nor to the corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond; nor to any funds applicable to charitable purposes for the benefit of any persons of the Jewish nation.

XII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend Nor tc Chari-to any charitable foundation or donation which shall have been or shall table In&ihu-be given to and for the benefit of any person or persons of the society of tions of people called Quakers, and which shall be under the superintendence and Quakers, controul of persons of that persuasion.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Nor to Chari-Act contained shall extend to any charity or charitable donation or Founds-foundation, the accounts of the income and expenditure whereof shall tion *, accounts have been directed to be annually passed in the High Court of Chancery, of which are nor to any charity or charitable donation or foundation the annual gross

income whereof shall net exceed forty shillings, and of which the trustee in c'our* or trustees, feoffee or feoffees, possessor or possessors, some or one of ° 1 *ncery, them, shall within six months after the passing of this Act deposit in the c> hands of the minister of the parish wherein any of the objects of such charity charitable donation or foundation shall be, a written memorial or statement in like form as in the Schedule hereunto annexed is contained, and which by such minister shall be forthwith deposited in the parish chest.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where any body corporate guild Divers Charities or fraternity shall he entrusted with the possession or distribution of stated in Me-divers charities or charitable donations or foundations, or of the rents and morial. profits thereof, that in such cases all such charities charitable donations

and foundations may be registered and stated in one and the same memorial.

XV. Saving always to the King’s most excellent Majesty, and to all General Saving, other persons, such power of superintending and regulating charities and

charitable establishments, and the property and funds thereof, as they respectively had before the making of this Act.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

A MEMORIAL or statement in pursuance of an Act for the register-ing and securing of charitable donations; whereby it is declared by the undersigned [state the name or names of the person or persons who sign the memorial or statement] That the real or personal estate [state this as the case may 6e] of the [state the title, or appellation of the chanty or charitable donation'] consists of [state this as the case may be; and if real estate, whether it be in lands tenements or hereditaments, and of what tenure, and where the same are situate, or whether of any charge or incumbrance on any lands tenements or hereditaments, and where situate: and if personal estate, describe the nature of it, and how secured] and the gross annual income arising therefrom amounts to [state the sum] and the objects of which charity or charitable foundation are [state the general or particuUir objects of the charity] and which charity or charitable foundation was, according to the best of my [or, our as the case may be] knowledge and belief, founded by [state by whom; and if benefited, increased or secured by any other person, state the same and by whom] and the deeds, wills and other instruments [state this as the case may bej and if no deeds wills or other instruments exist, state the -samel are, to the best of my [or, our, as the case may be] knowledge and belief, in the custody, possession or controul [state this as the case may be] of [state the name of the body corporate or natural person] and the trustees feoffees or possessors [state this as the case may be] of the said real and personal estate [stale this as the case may be] are, to the best of my [or, our,

334 Mortmain and Charitable Usee. [Part II.

No. XV. os the cate may be] knowledge and belief [state the name of the body corpo-52 Geo III rattornotura^Per$on9ai^ecaiemaybeJ] (Signed) A. B. c. 102.

Trustee or trustees, feoffees, possessor or possessors of the real or personal estate [as the caU may be\ of the charity or charitable donation hereby memorialized, and registered.

58 Geo. III. c. 91.

nected with Education; and the state of Education of the Poor.

[No. XVI.] 58 Geo. III. c. 91 .-^-An Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire concerning Charities in England f&r the Education of the Poor. — [10th June 1818.]

liyHEUEAS it is highly expedient that an inquiry should be made by commissioners to be specially appointed, into the amount nature and application of the produce of any estates or funds which have from time to time been devised or otherwise appropriated by pious and well-disposed persons to the purpose of the education of the poor; and whether any breaches of trust irregularities or abuses have Wn practised or happened in the management and employment thereof, and whether, by change of circumstances or other causes, the same cannot be beneficially Commissioners applied for the purposes originally intended; be it therefore enacted by the appointed to King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of inquire into the the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parlia-nature and ma- ment assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may nagenent of be lawful for his Majesty to issue a commission under the Greal Seal to Charities con- any number of persons not exceeding fourteen, who shall be constituted commissioners tor the purposes intended by this Act; and that they the said commissioners or any three of them shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to examine into and investigate the amount nature and application of all estates and funds, of what nature or kind soever, and the produce thereof, destined or intended to be applied to the purpose of educating the poor in England and Wales, in so far as such produce shall appear to be destined or applied for the purpose of educating the poor, and to examine into and investigate all breaches of trust irregularities frauds abuses, or supposed abuses or misconduct, in relation to and in the management or appropriation or nonapnropriation or misappropriation of such estates and funds; and the said commissioners, or any three of them shall, once in each half-year during the continuance of the said commission, report and certify, m writing under their haods and seals, to the King's most excellent Majesty and to both Houses of Parliament, their proceedings, touching the amount nature management application and appropriation of such of the aforesaid estates and funds as they shall have inquired and examined into, and also what is the nature of such estates anu funds respectively, and the actual annual produce thereof, and what is the actual annual value thereof, and in whose possession as tenants thereof any part thereof consisting of lands tenements or hereditaments shall be, adding at the same time such observations as shall occur to them respecting such mode as they shall deem most effectual for the recovering of such part or parts of such estates or funds as shall appear to them to have been applied in breach of the several trusts created in respect of the same, or shall appear to have been omitted to be applied in pursuance to such trusts, and subjoining such suggestions as may seem to them expedient respecting the most effectual mode of securing such estates and funds, and their respective produce, against any future misapplication thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, Thafif, upon such inquiry as aforesaid, w .vp, - appear to the said commissioners that from any cause whatsoever

cases where es- lt has become impossible to apply the estates or funds aforesaid, or any tates cannot be P1* thereof, to the purposes to which the same were destined or directed applied to the purposes destined.

Commissioners to report in

Class V.] Mortmain and Charitable Uses. 335

to be applied, the said commissioners shall report the special pircum- No. XVI. stances of each case. r r T|f

III. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners to he 08 Ureo‘ 11 *• appointed by virtue Of this Act shall each of them, previously to his enter- c. 91. ingupon the execution of the same, take an oath before the Chancellor of

the Exchequer or the Master of the Rolls for the time being (which oath Oath to be ad-they are hereby respectively authorized and required to administer,) the ministered to tenor thereof shall dc as followeth; (that is to say), Commissioners.

* T A. B. do swear, That according to the best of my skill and know* A ledge, I will faithfully impartially and truly execute the several

* powers and trusts vested in me by an Act intituled An Act [here insert

* the Title of this Act], according to the tenor and purport of the said Act. '

IV. And be it further enacted, That no remuneration >shall be given, for Salaries to a and in respect of the execution of this Act, to such of the said commis- certain number sioners as shall be members of cither House of Parliament, nor to any of Commis-number exceeding eight of the other commissioners; but there shall be sioners. allowed and paid to every such commissioner such reasonable sums for

and in respect of such travelling expences as may come to be incurred in the execution of this Act, as in the judgment of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer lor the time being, shall be deemed requisite; and the said commissioners are hereby autho- Appointment of rized to appoint and employ such secretary clerks messengers and officers. Secretary not exceeding in the whole one secretary four clerks four messengers and Clerics and two other officers, as they shall think meet, and to administer to the said Messengers, secretary clerks and officers respectively, an oath for his true and faithful demeanor in all things relating to the due performance of any trust respecting the execution of this Act reposed in him by the said commissioners, and in all other things touching the premises; which secretary clerks and officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the said trust in them severally and respectively reposed, without taking any thing for such their service other than such salary or reward as the said commissioners shall think fit to direct and appoint in their behalf; and the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the time being, are hereby authorized and required to issue and cause to be paid any sums of money not exceeding four thousand pounds, to such person or persons as the said commissioners shall by writing under their (lands desire or direct, out of the consolidated fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; which sums, when so issued and paid, shall be employed for the payment to the said commissioners for their travelling expences, as also for the payment of such secretary clerks messengers or other officers, and in del raying all other necessary charges in or about the execution of the powers of this Act, and in such manner and in such proportions as shall be appointed by die said commissioners by writing under their hands on that behalf, the same to be aocounted for by the person or persons to whom the same shall be issued or paid, according to the course of his Majesty's Exchequer, without any fees or other charges to be taken or demanded for the issuing and payment of the same, on the passing of the said accounts, other than such sum as the said commissioners shall appoint.

V. And be it further enacted, That for the purpose of prosecuting the Commissionera inquiries and examinations by this Act directed, the said commissioners to hold Meet-or any three of them shall meet, and from time to time, with or without ins* at various adjournment, hold their sittings within the city of Westminster, or in any places, and other city town borough hamlet village or place Yespectively in England, summon per-which to them shall appear most convenient for executing the purposes J00*’ " #end of this Act; and the said commissioners are hereby authorized to require, for P*13,

by a precept under their hands and seals, or under the hands and seals of any three of them, from any person or persons acting as a trustee for any of the said estates or funds, or having any concern in the management or administration of the same, or in the payment or receipt of any of the said 'funds or estates, or any charge upon any fund or estate applicable to the purposes of education as aforesaid, to render to the said com336 No. XVI. 58 Geo. HI. c.91.

Purchasers of Premises without notice not bound to answer interrogatories.

Commissioners empowered to examine upon Qath.

Persons not compellable to produce Deeds, without notice to mortgagor, &c.

Commissioners may appoint 'tree of their mbcr to re-t to any place

Mortmain and Charitable Uses. [Part II.

missioners a true account, as far as consists with their knowledge, of all that relates to such funds or estates as aforesaid under their trust or management, or on account of which they may have acted in making or receiving payments; and, as often as need shall be, to send their precept or precepts under their hands and seals, or under the hands and seals of any three* of them, for any person or persons whatsoever to attend them, anil require such person or jiersons to bring with bitn or her any deed paper writing instrument or other document, being in h&or her custody and |x*-tessiou, and relating to any suth estates or funds, or the produce thereof, and to the receiptor application or nonapplication or misapplication thereof, which shall in the judginentof such commissioners be conducive and necessary to the due execution of the purposes of this Act; and every person to whom such precept shall as aforesaid have been addressed ana delivered, is hereby required and directed punctually to attend the said commissioners, at such time and place as shall by them for that purpose have been appointed; and to every such person or persons shall be paid such sum oX money as in the judgment of the said commissioners shall be just and r< asonable: Provided always, that no such person shall be obliged to tiavrl, in obedience to such precept, more than ten miles from his or her place of abode.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person who shall be summoned to appear before the said commissioners, or before any three of them, shall, upon his or her examination, allege that he or she hathmirchased or obtained for valuable consideration any estate or interest of in to or out of any lands tenements rents annuities hereditaments goods or chattels, touching which he or she shall be sought to be so examined, without fraud or cowin, having no notice of any charitable trust or use to which the said lands tenements rents annuities hereditaments goods or chattels, or Any charge thereon, have been given limited or appointed, then such person shall not be bound to make further answer to any. interrogatory ot such commissioners, nor to produce or to shew to the said commissioners any deed paper writing instrument or other document relating to his or her estate or interest in such lands tenements rents annuities hereditaments goods or chattels.

VII. And for the rendering more effectual all such examinations as are intended to be had under this Act, be it enacted, That the said commissioners are hereby authorized to examine upon oath, or affirmation of persons I icing Quakers (which oath or affirmation they or any three of them arc hereby authorized to administer,) all persons whom they arc by the provisions of this Art empowered to call before them, to be examined touching all matters and things necessary for the execution of the powers vested in them by this Act.

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no person having the custody of any deed paper w riting instrument or other document, as mortgagee trustee or agent, solicitor or attorney, shall be compellable to produce the same, or to give any evidence as to the contents thereof, without notice -being first given to his mortgagor cestuique trust or principal, and the said mortgagor cestuique trust or principal being examined touching the same by the said commissioners; ana in case such mortgagor cestuique trust or principal shall by the provisions of this Act be exempted from producing the said deed paper writing instrument or other document, then the mortgagee trustee or agent, solicitor or attorney, shall not be bound to produce or shew the same, or give any evidence of the contents thereof, to the said commissioners: Provided also, that no person shall be compellable to answer any question, or to produce any deed paner writing instrument or other document, the answer to which, or the production of which, may criminate or tend to criminate such person, or to expose such persons to any pains or penalties.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and vnav

be lawful for the said commissioners, or any three of them, from time to time to direct and authorize any three or more of their own number in England for executing the purposes of this Act. '

vjOO^lC

jDatt>T!] JfiiUic cntdXhmtaUe^Utlkk 8SJI

hoodmttd mch ertj town borough hamlet village jot pfebein EfegAmd N&2KVK 90 taihemshesaid commissioners or any three of them shall most ^.jp

convenient for: clouting the purposes of this Act; aid that assy :ttn$e such lu *

commissioners shall have the same powers of issuing precepts, administer* ing oaths and cnndm^ing-ym by this Act, and

under the same rules and regulations as are hereby vested in the said

cLQU

wv.1^ - «.i papers' ana documents, 'bem> parts

efrn&Mtioft, to be fronr tittre td timte transmitted t6 the ftctttkty xn the said commission* rtatthe hr office ib Westminster aforesaid. r '»^ '

•, X i: And be it furtfor enacted That incase bay person^uphae wnination Penalties of pq opth, or being a Quaker upon affirmation, before the$a$ commission- perjury for ersj qr before any tbreq of thqm, shall wilfully and corruptly give falsa evi- fake swearing Aerie *, evetyfsubn person so offending, and being thereof flmjf convicted, eHalfcWand fe hereby cfeddred to be subject anti liable'to-stidi poind and penalties as under any law now in force mijr be.inflicted on-penmiicon-. victed of wilful and corrupt perjury.

XL >And be it further enacted, That in case of a' v&canc/ orvaeaueje^ Vacaaotoriarta

Sr the death removal or resignation of any one of sack commissioners, it filed dp: by the all be lawful for his Majesty his heirs and successors, to nbminate and Crown, appoint Such person or persons as he ot they may think proper Am*’the '

•implying of vacancy or vacancies. r M -

All. And be it further enacted, That none of the provisions’ herein- Power* not to before contained shall be construed to extend to either of the universities extend to Unl-«f Oxford or Cambridge, net to any college Or halt Within the same, nor1 verities, Public t* any schools or’other endowments of which the said universities Schools, Ac. c. colleges or halls are thistees/nor to the colleges of Westminster Eton or Winchester, or to the Charter-house, or the schools of* Hutr&w of 1Itigtjf or any of them, nor to any cathedral or collegiate chnrdh within Eng laud: nor toaAy college frer school or other charitable ihstitution for the purposes of education, which have special visitors governors drover*.

leers appointed by their founders, nor to any funds applicable to the '

purposes of educationfot (h> benefit ofany persons of the1 of the people called Qoakers, ot person‘orpereons’ of the Jhwmi*Cathhlit persuasion/and Which shall be trader the miperintetideficfe andbontroul i '

of persons of such persuasions respectively*. Provided always, that the *

Said commissioners' shall report, as herein-before directed, the harties Af adi such charities aforesaid as have special visitors governors or ovefr-seefsappointed. •' ' '*’ '

k XIII. And be it* further tt&cted, Thdt any action or1 suit Which shall £| rotation of* he brought or commenced against any such commissioners; for any thing Actions. done; or acted by him or them tinder this Act, shall'bdcommenced within sfccalehdar itionlhs iiexf'after dhe fact committed (in fe-pect of which1 subh'feotioti of suit1 shall pebrought or commenced,) and not afterwards; and* the defendant <?r defendants m every such action or Wrt may plead " 5

the general issue; and give thi$ Acj and the special' matter' in evidence General liaue, atemV trial to be had thereupon; and if such a*t?Ofr dr suit shall’be' 'l'' * '

brought 6t commenced after the time sc) limited* for "bringing the same: , v[" "

thbn the jury shall find a verdict for - the defendant of* defendants; ana ' *

ki such case, or if the jury shall find a verdict for th£ defendant or de- -t

fondants, upori the merits, oir if the plaintiff; or plaintiffs shall become nohsuit, or uiscdntimie his her or their action after appearance, or if ttpoti v 1 demurrer judgbrent *diall be giveh against* the plaintiff or plainH ^, fhe‘ ''r , Vi TT *

defondant or defendants shall have treble'costs, Which he or they shall TreW Sort* ' mad may recover in such and the same manner as any defendant can by *• law in other ca^es.

" XIV. And be it further enactetl, That this Act? may be altered Act may bu amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this session of altered tbia Parliament. Seaiop.;

XV. And be it flirther enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in GoBtawteca ^lt foree wild the first day of August one thousand eight hupdredand twcp^c^m" 7 and until the end of the nest session of Parliament.

Vol. I. Z

A

WtJBJtt. Aadto it fatter wcfa, Stetlfticfattealt to

miGm-OMl ^*to, 4<KV>*lPuMk!jtettoJtoriito uriteilly^jtoaotfarfafawiihir

* Public Act

i -*» w»

Coumkboners not exceeding 20 may be appointed for execution of recited Act and this Act

Amolntin Miff

BaSeury, Ac. c.

Tan Commisdemben of Parliament, nay receive

Half-yearly Reports shall be made by. Five Cdntmafrumirt.

Cominisuoners:obliged to

Parliament

[No. XVII.] 39 Geo. fll. c.-81.*—A« A«t to mfiend ott Act of the last Session of Parfiament? for app&itfttog Commissioners to .inquire concerning Charities in JEW* land for the Ediratioa of thefoar; and to extend the Powers thereof to other Charftiesix Engtend m4 Wales; to continue In force until the Tirst Bay of AugustBite Thousand Eight Hundred and Twenty-three, and fifom thence until the End of the>then next Ses«oo of PariW h Jufy 1819.]

WCHKRfiAS an Act mas. wads in1 the last Session of Parfiamangkiti* tided An Act for appointing Commissioners to-inquire emcehsinf Charities in Engfondjor the Education of tke Poor: find whereas eeftHtt commissioners were appointed for the execution of foe aid iet^e commission under foe Great Seed bearing date foe twentieth-day of August one thousand eight hundred and eighteen; end. foe said commissioners hav(H proceeded in the execution of .foe aud^Act; aoditiS highly expedient that foe provisions of foe said Act should be extended to other charities and trusts created for charitable uses or purposes in England and Waist, and that foe number of commissioners should therefore be increased, and foat foe said Act should be otherwdse amended; Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excoilea r Majesty* by and with the advice and consent of the Lords-Spiritual and Temporal end Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Wfoo* rity of foe same, that from and after the passing of this Aci, 'k shall and may be lawful for his Majesty te issue* a commission, under, the Great Seal to any number of persons not exceeding twenty, who shah; be constituted commissioners for foe purposes of foe said recited Act end this Act; and that the said commissioners ornny.two or more of. them--shall have all such powers and authorities in the execution of the Said recited Act and this. Act, as by the said, recited Act are given to orvested in the commissioners or any three of them under the said recked Aet* except where it is otherwise provided by this -Act; and that it shall and may be. lawful for such commissioners to appointand employ such-stem* tary clerks messengers and officers, not excoediftt in foe whole one seem* tary five clerks five messengers and two-other officers, as-they shall think meet, in such manner and under such regulations as are contained fojfo* said recited Act, except as the same is altered by this Act; and that no remuneration shall he given for and in respect of the execution of Iber said recited Act and this Act to such of the-commissioners to hemp* pointed under this Act as shall be members of either House of Park* merit, nor to any number exceeding ten of foe other commissioners to be appointed under this Act; and that it shall and may he lawful For tenof Such last-mentioned commissioners to receive remuneration, any thing in the said recited Act fo the contrary notwithstanding; and that the-commissioners to be appointed under this Act, or any five or more of them, shall, once in each half-year during the continuance of their'commission, make such. report and certificate to his Majesty of their proceedings under the said recited Act and this Act, as by the said recited' Act is required to be made of the proceedings of the commissioners under foat Act by such commissioners or. any three of them.

II. And be it further enacted, That foe said commissioners shall not he obliged to make any report or reports of their proceedings to foe two houses of Parliament or either of them; any thing in this tor any other Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding, by v.

ntvt&

r. *IIL> And be it fjTrtberr oactt

-an* )hyt the death rraeval'orite nation lof —ywn eommissicmrvK ^; n. ww <shallbekwfulforhisiMajesty hinaifuaiwwaaii^ito appoint indi penoH'or persons* asdic or* they imaydiiak ‘proper, forte mhanf tif «uchfMaonr nrvaeaocim *

' lS7And beifc tether: —acted, T* l^adteh Treasurer or for 4e

c: 1

•Y»W*jai, ,

f ix. And be it tether: —acted, That ttshall and may belawfulfct _ TW te loed High -Tmaurer orfar 'the Cotniwriahw of'bis hlajeny^ may VOW Qhnasuqrof me United Kingdom of Greet’ flrteh tehted forthe tee lafrthe 1 J 1, 11 J1 1 1 hereby authorised Crown.

jar any'three «f them, 'and ha ar>they^uaaMtarei and required from time to time to issue and cause to be paid our of the Msolidaiedrfimd of! the said ultediun«kln, ai^stteorsum9of money —*eacaediuift>tete whole teautnortod teueeafopouads*in any end 9Mb ter the payment of edkrias to asy numbev »f commiftadoners Dftt teasdtopitcnof the ^rmtenkmero appointed or tote appointed ended the—thorityof the said rented Act and this tetvespecnvely, and who •hallaotbe members efteither house* of FUrhameiitj and that out'of the eaid stwn not exccaKog ten tteumtejpauo^ 'tote'issued as ttforteid/ri nh^at the ratooflone thousand pounds* yeas dhalbbe payable and pud*» «ueh ofsnch ten commiMiooervfehesaaietto.be payable and paid Wf-yearly, ttee avb dear tern, alb taxesond deduoiasua 'whatsoever, ort? the tenih d^y of October andthorifth dayof* April teeach vear by even ?hd: ccpmlportkms; and that in epse.ef therengnahonor death of aof onetOB xaoneof'the 'laid eommisstonm, th* commtstaotiers so resigning Ortthecxeeiitunoradmnustmters ef *uch> commutators so dyfa», «haft bnentsOed toeucb proportional past; of such dearfalary as Shan have* accrued during i the feme that sechi eammiMiofier shall have executed his* said'office; andfcchalljsnctinaybe bwful forthesaid herd'High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury or any three of them, and’he And thir ds mad ate . hereby authorised and; empowered, ia like manner1 to

Phtrtlrp^ftH

ofC—ate

swnddniserto be paid>dut«af te; said:eansotidafed fond any further ailtnfl of—eynot eioeeding the sum ef etsbt thousand pounds in any onto jnesj tote employed for the peyment of te travelling espences df apiof the oanniaioeen to’he appointed under this* Act, and of the aaBretasy cberka mteepgers and officers of the arid commissioners, and: in the paying*’other necessary charges tin sud^bottt the etfecmiua dflhe* rind seated Act and teh Act, ia each manneranchnnder suoh vegulationa aaaB^dbeotedhy thenaid recited Act with inspect to the mm of four tea—ndl pounds in the add Act mentioned,

V - Andibcrit darter enacted, That h<sfaail and may In In infill for the Powers of Com* cumnnssioDcrs to be appointed under the authority of this Act, and they* mbrionen ex- waterety—tensed empowered and required. to examiae into and toi tended to iasaatigate the amount nUun and application of ah estates and funds sf Charitiesui what nature or kind soever and the produoethereof destined or intended E"*J*"d, nd ter be applied either to Che purposes «m the said rooked Act mentioned, or walsw \ tote supaott of any ohanty or charities or charitable donation, ar donation^ for ttie benefkof poor persons in England wA Wet *, or held under trusts created for any charitable uses or purposes whomever in England or Kte^exoep t as is> eerenvafter provided and eeoeptedy) and to eaaminp into arid so investigate all breaches of trust irregohurttiet frauds abuse* orsapposed abuses or maaooaduct, in rehtka ton— in the management or appropriatei>ornon-gppicpriation or misappropriation of such estates.

Mid teds, in like)manner and with the like powers.and under thelik* rfegdhbons aad -restrictions in all respects as are ’mentioned and coir tamed in the tort rartsd Act-with respect to the charities mentioned in! te> said recited Act, except only so far as the sameiave expressly repealed or altered or otherwise provided for by this Act.

’ VJ. And be it farther —acted. That no pctiriaai or information p£e> No ffa—|i . seated hied or proseeuted under this Act^ nor any answer thereto, nor any Duteoafto*. deporitinns interrogatories - affidavits »©r proceedings, nor any order — ceetept decree wpon the same or in relatkm thenetoy nor. any £4pies of any sudr r tehion ’information answer depontfons stterrogatanesaffidavits order *or< detoee, nor<df>any other proeeadinM whatsoever* under this Act, .shall bu subject or lidble to the pa^n«i»«f iaay Atnmp duty whatever; and>that

12

M2 . T.{FML

|fo. XV9VI. ^(btoise nunr require, *apply to Or jtoaMnence feririf? in this Majesty's

ata c___ ¥Tf High. Court of Chanw^ tf.toor in his Majesty’s Court of Ertjtq^r

iW WL sitting-as wcotirt of equity, stating. acdsrtting)forth»the neglect breach IV 9ft. of tra&t* finaid abuse; orireiseandiMft, * o* other causer of oounkint or.anlh

cation, awl praying sttchi relief as the nature of theicaaanuQr* mama*; and witen 6ucfa petition'or suit'if mitUfcted hi die saidCount of quer, it.shall be •lawful’for that court to proceed m. the hearing end '

deoidrogof the same; according to the due course of thetand court; .nnd T> «nyorderDrdecfer^frdiefaawe'<Ka»rt4n suflhtproceading^ahaUihdhind

ana. conclusive to«U uitentr sild purposes whatsoever, unless the>pa*fr or parties who shall think himself or thtmriefcrefr aggrieved thercbyshall within one year after the tune when such order <v.decree shahiiata bdan:made.and entered, by the proper Uficer, prefer an appeal from each coder .or decree to the Ueuteuf leads; and when sochi petition or sait&fnB-canted lor commenced iaithe said High Court of Ghancety, it shall and <, jnaybedawfid:tO'aaid>ibr the Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper m Iwdi Commissioners for be outtodjr of the Great Seal, and they are hereby required to order add direct such, petition*«uit. to be heacdamMeMr-tqined cither before the Master of the Itolbmr Vice Omneettoiv ae<tfethe said Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Lords CoitimiseianerB’ Anil sula meet: and thereupon the Master of the itoU*erVioeChancellor shall proceed toll ear asm to>rehear7 if to himit shall'appear neoessatj^aitd/to deter ftdno the same; :aod ?aU decrees orders- and acta of tkb Mister. «f the Rolls and Vice Chancellor made and done thereiiv shall hedeesuad’and takeato be respectively decrceaonkrs and aotsrof theaodd Court of Chancery* and be: earnout ^, accordingly, Subject nevertheless teeauy . . case to be reversed discharged or altered by the Lowl Ohrartlhr f —d Keeper or Lords CopMsiBSMittF* ftg thfrOWStadjE of the Great Seal for the time being; And no such decree or order shall be enrolled until, the.spine he rijgned-by tW Ltud’Ghanbattop Lord Keener or Lords CoadpiiWknuit of the G)eat£cal fqrdtc^unh being.

No Appeal front H; And be it further enacted, That when any appeal shall ha mpde to the Lord Chan- the Lonl ChanpcJlor Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great cellor to the Seal, from anytorder w‘decree of the Master of the RMs or Vice Chan-celkw, ntttiein any matter aforesaid^ the decree* or Ardor which Asjjf^e, made on such appeal toy the Lard Chancellor Lord Kheper sr Lords . ConwMsaloners of the Great Seal shall be final and1 conclusive, to dll . intents and purposes'whatsoever; and nor appeal from such d«wsr ordpr; of the Lord. Chancellor Lard Keeper or Loads Geromiarioaaks Mr the custody of the Orahheal to the Hausoof Lords shall be-allowed ter - entertained *

No Proceedings LG* And be it further enacted, That, no petition or information pro-subject to a settled fried or .prosecuted under this Act, nor any answer thereto nor Stamp Duty. |any deposition* <interrogatories aidants or proceedings, nor: aoyiotdtr .or .decree upon the eeme^ oi in .relation, thereto; nor :any copies ef:aa)y pitch petition hiformafttou, answer depositions interrogatories dDbriti Older or decree, men of any other proceedings whatsoever mndertfcfs Act, shall be sulqeotior liable to the .payment ofraiystamydufy wlMteiui. Fenoqs re- . IV - And be it fiuthar.enacted, That ifanypersonsumcnaned^orappsm

fusidgto appear'heftwe any. two or more, of (the tMiiwciunaasioooorsnfaBli wttfttHy *uc dr ^before Com- refuse la appear beforesueh cotwawajoneryor tahrmyorto pwidtSeSiy

miwioasn, or. dead paper* or writing* instrument of other 'document, in Ms hey wr their jposseasMAoustody or pawns, and whidbu be she or they shall be* I squired i>ee<u, or re- fy precept of snchcominiosioiienitDi produce* renting vhoMyis llw

funds-whioir shall bet he subject of' inquiry before feudi’OOteft-tibon Oath wsiteioners, or to thereceipt or apfdscatioPy or non^pphearion or mbtsill

to tef .cal(ion thereof, or to; thastate of the schools or charities which shsHlwc

Chef by the ' 4ie subject of inquirybeforevath batnmhwioiKts, on tbs true copy of €3daitofKW*.««0r pari or porU> of I any deed paper writing or other ansmmefcity Beach or Ex- «hi<m copy aty taro Of such comnutsunners sro hereby wnssnUiM^to chequer. . require by suoh precept,) 'or sfaodl refine to be awortr, or bein^ n <|uMHfl

to aftita^or beb to swiyftrto and!

ued^mdltrhlWe MirsusayitfOt^thH^ ogtb

jffbrbnm/i andCharitoHe D5w;

answer Mly any IfcwftirqilestiiBn on oath or affirmation touching or oon-iwnifrg any matter or thing reiatidg tor such estates or funds as afore-sa5d, or *to the state or such schools or charities as aforesaid, (except in cases excepted by the said tirst*recited Act^ereiy such penotrso refusing totjom^y with any such lawful requisitions of the said commissioners shall he liable to the payment of sum fine to hh Majesty as the CcmrtOf King*s Bench ortheCourt’of the Exchequer, on application made by or on the behah* of the said-commissioners or any two of them, or by fits Majesty's Attomev43cnend; for the time being, shall think fit to set; and nrtpose, which nraerthe. Said Court of King's Bench orCourt of Exchequer h hereby authorised and empoweredto set and impose according to their discretion respectively, and to enforce payment of the same by attachment or otherwise, in such manner as the said courts respectively may €orin cases of contempt of Bite same courts.

V.' And be it' further enacted^ That whenever it shall appear tor the trustees of any free^schoot hhospital or other charitable institution or donation within the provisions or this Act that the statutes orreeutetibris 1 thereof ate ihstdficient for the seen re and due administration of the Kinds ‘thereto belonging, it shaHbe lawful for such numbers of them as are \fy the said statutes or regulations empowered to do any act, by and with the consent of any five or more of the* said commissioners, to present a petition to the‘Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper Or Lords Commissioners of tKe threat Seal^ ortothe Churtof Exchequer sitting as a court of equity, praying such Ttlfef ixs the nature of the case may require; ana the Lora Chancellor Lord Keeper and Lords Commissioners of tire Great Seal, and the said Court of Exchequer, are hereby authorised and empowered to give such directions, and to make such order touching the matter of dm •said application, as* to them respectively shall seem fit; which order shall be final and coUrinsiveto all intents and purposes whatsoever, unless the party ornarties who shaft think himself or themselves aggrieved thereby sWH, wiftrin two years after the time when such order shall have been

94&

No.xvfer.

59 0*o. HL

t.9t.

J

WtwreKcgtdl-tions art insufficient for t duo administration of the Fonda of

Trustees may apply to Chancery fin Relief *

made and*entered by the proper officer, prefer an appeal from such order to the House of lords; td whom it is hereby era appeal-shall He from such order.

enacted and cfechired that an

1

• r

-1 j

•t

i

i

(No* XIX.] I & 2 Gee* IV. c. 92.—An Act to authorise the* Exchange of Lauda Tenements or Hereditament *, wiVfltet'to Thists^&r Charitable Purposes, for other Lauds or Hereditaments. — [lOtft July 1621.] ’

q^HE&fiAS lancb tctteinente or Leradlteinente whjeoted to trusts fbir charitabk purposes, may be in soweeases exchanged for other lands a—amenta at hendtaonents* as to baBCfit the objects of the charity1?

Haprit thetefaiwptene your Mqiesty that it may be enSoted; and be it •iaitiedrjQytife-jttngfk mast racellent Majesty, by and With the advice and great ofitbc Loads Spiritual and Teihporaland Commons ip this pm* ^ePathanMi asternUeAamd ly thawuftfcoruy of the same. That from Persons is wndxAerlbepessing of tbia^ot it shallantV iuay be lawful for nay pert whom Lands, -aonxw persons bwdypohtiti*.edi©erpokrte>« whom any lands tenements tur &c. are invest--heraditesneiste: ahah bo voted. subject to aey trust for any charitable ed may ex-puipoaev Ssyntaud convey to anytpersenvor persons body politick or change, pra*-4}

doVfwfam*umsmimhtr mttheri±itfa^u«osasors and.assifnis of otherr udsss»

wise, as he she or they shall direct or appoint, any such lands tenement* - *

or hereditaments in exchange for any other lands tenements or heredita-jjietrtslmder and according t» the-several restrictions declarations op & provision* hereinafter expressed, and not otherwise.

* II: And he ft further enacted, That whenever it shall be thought ad - . yfoefcbteby the trustees or trustee-of any lands tenements or hereditaJ ments SUbjeet'tO'finy trust for any charitable purpose, to exchange the enaM^ovicnypnrtaos ptft thereof for any other lands tenements or her^ d*l0C^ w^0 tiiforatCfofe ipfdirtrifrn .Shall ho ntadofo uie bishop of the diocese in which may issue »

Ccmmiateunimnnun whcdwt.sn wtiamtarid Hifacmiad to the Chitfty.

m

&iVkmOf whom the Commission

shall consist#« '

a^y $qcfi lands, tenements or hereditaments, ^bje^to apy tryst ibrcjba-.ritable purposes ^n4 so proposed, to be exc^an^eo, stall be situate, s^at^g , .the-objects at to charity, die manner in which such.charity lands tenements or hereditaments are become vested, 1° ^ch ^trustees or trustee, w() For p hat reasons it may.be fit and proper, that any sjqch yxchaqge :Should be njade, and w^at benefit will be derived to the.^ijfcts of t£e 1 charity by yieafts of such’exchange, which statefnent shallbc verified qn .paih before one.of his Majesty’s justices of the peacefor the.cour.ty, jnding .division .orplace'where such lands shall be si tua^e j, and.thereupon it shall be, law fid for sych, bishop to direct ^ycbinqOiries tube made as he* may thjpkproper, apd to require such information to be (given, toto* pe

trim* necessary, previous to his issuing suph commission, as herein-after, nientjpned; and in case such bishop.snalL be satisfied that .rea^cya\.

’ \> , l *.

Commissioners to examine on Oath, and may require production of deeds, and direct surveys to be made, and certify to the Bishop the matters that shall arise.

whom at thejleast shall be benefioed clergymen, and one ofwhpm toll he a barrister at law of at least qF five year? standingsaudby such (^ihouasioo the co^inissipnersthereinyarned or any threeof them, onq.of whpm . shall be a, beneficqd clergyman and one.such barrister as aforesaid, .shall be authorised and required to inquire whether such (proposed exchange will be beneficial to the objects , of the trust pp‘which, to pharity lands tenements or .hereditaments, so proposed to be exchanged shall , oe sub-jpet, and for what reason or reasons such exchange .will he beneficial tp , the charity ^and for to .Purpose, of such, inquiry ? .such conuiiissiqneip.

shall examine upon oath (which .oath they are hereby empowered to ad-’ xyintori) all persons who may be brolight before them for-that purpose, jand shall require the parties applying tor such .exchange^ to bring before them.ayy other persons to be examined upon.oath touching any matters which such commissioners may deem necessary for their mfo rotation; and such qqmmissiqners shall al$o require all deeds papers and writings ‘Ayhicb they may deem necessary for their m for matron, to he also lard .before tom, .and shall direct such surveys maps and plans tobeoiade of the lands proposed to be given and taken in exchange as they may think prooer; and shall cause such lands tenements and hereditaments respectively, and the Umber and trees oa s^chnaiids’fe’spectively, rights of bdmtribft and'all other rights-bdonging thereto^ to bt valued; 4a as d&rty, to ascertain whether thepmpoaed exchange wfill be permanently bailoficial Jo:to charity pr not, and if permanently bene£q4 foi w^peason it will be so beneficial* apd w^iether such exonangei? proposed for the^convenience of the charity or for the convenience ofany other person or persons body politick dr corporate, and whether the terms upon which the exchriMfe is'proposed to be made are tho best which can reasonably be obtained for the benefit of the charity; ' and such commissioners shah also enquire iata 'the tide to the lands tenements or hereditaments proposed to be givcpiifa exchange for the benefit of such.charity, -so as to enable the bishop, oaths Tetnm of such commission, to judge or the propriety of allowing such exchange to take place \ and such commissioners shall thereupon certify tothe

Commkrfdnets to take theM* lowing Oath#

i shall be deposited with the registrar*!

III. And bek fuller enacted, That before inch1 com miss tones* < proceed to execute such commission they shall respectively take the.foU towing Oath: I

« T A. Ik.one of the commissioners named in a commission [HcscribuiM

* A the commission, ] do swear, that I will faithfully do and execute all f the matters by the said commission required Jo be done by me, aod a *true report make to the best of my ability, as by. such commission rtr

* quired. . So help me OOB/

Which oath shall be administered by one of the said commissioner* tnwar other or others of them, and shall be certified to the biahotv tagetfce* wiili toutber proceeding* under such comnusscon. .^itl wby

M&tmaiti and* Gharitabte' Zfoh.

' B45

W.XEL

; eko.rr.

.SlwrY.]

IWAndta^foiltoer«tac*edv the return of suchcommt$; aim it stall Jsrfftd (be the bishop toeapniiDe the pvoceedittgsr snide* rife aaifie, and, if heishaH :see fit; to direct the; sune n> be tad^ttefore dense; Counsel kdmed ia^ the law for his opinion ancladvice thereupon, and also, io: direct-the title ‘.tenth* lands proposed to bcjgiveii in exchange fo the .Mtaritytq bd eaatninedin such manner* as he j stall think-lit; and ifhe .atall think to cause'the u.De to be laid before- ooumel leat/ned: iri’ttoe The Bishop law for his opinion thereon; and in case the said bishop shall no# be s&- may lay the -risfied with the retornr made by stodr commissioners'it shnH ta BawfW for gife»duig>of him to issue a new uorenrissionor new cdmafiissiorri, directed' to (became t?cCo"^' or ether commissioners, to the end that be enay be fillip satisfied of the gmwbeatar .propriety of sogh'propqsed exchange; and sugh new'commission or cottt-jnissipoa rshal! he exefcutedand returned, and fheretumo? returns thereto A hew Corn-deposited whkrtta registrar of the diocese, as before directed with respect mission may j to the first commission; and if the safid bishop shall be satisfied; upon the f*u4d.

i Me turn of the commission lor commissions so to be issued by him. or by Approbation , tp touch other and further information as he shall obtain as aforesaid, that be signified by ouch proposed exchange is .propel and beneficial to the charity> it shall bfe signing and thereupon lawful for him to signify hbapbrobadon of such exchange by sealing *

« signing and sealing with his > episoop -gain and sale hereinafterT'1— " -J

seal two parts of did deed of bar- v; and it shall be* lawftil for the trustees Co*v£t*fidi to

or trustee of thechaiity lands tenements or hieredUameqts proposed fiobe be ma&ifo exchanged, ?by deed of bargain and - sale, intolled in the HigH 'Ooutt of manner herein Chancery .within surcalendar months after the dote thereof, to convey the mentioned, lands tenements or Hereditaments to be given by thefo ini exchange* to the person or persons bodies politick or corporate to whoth the Maine shall he directed to be conveyed; and by the same deed the landstenements or hereditaments proposed to be given to the charity in exchange, -Shall tdsb:be conveyed to (the uses of < such charity* and such deed shah be acknowledged by she person or persons making the conveyance of such lands tenements or hereditaments to the uses of Such charity, for the1 purpose .Of idroknent; and two parts of such deed shall-be prepared and executed, '; 1 1 5 (*

.bad a memorandum of the inrolment shall be indorsed on each pert; Detfii when and both parts, of such deed, after the same shall have < been inrolled as infolled to aforesaid, shall be produced to the bishop, and a transcript of such deed produced to the and of the memorandum of inrohtoent shall be entered va the registry of Bhhop, and a - the diocese; and the bishop stall thereupon; 1 by: writing under ms hand, tranicript . .indorsed oa each pan of such deed, authorise the delivery of possession, thereof entered .'according, to the terms of-such deed, of the lands before b&oftgingtb "the Registry the .chanty, and .so conveyed in exchange; add the delivety otfposU ofttlc diocese. .Session to the trustees or< trustee of the charityyof the lands tenements or hereditaments so conveyed to them in exchange, and the execution of both parts of such deed by the seveval parties thereto, and the signing eff ouch authority for detiveiy of possesnod, * shall be, attested by two ot more credible witnesses, whichattekation oCattestation*shall betodor&d on both parts of Much deedand >theattestotsoik of theexeoutiem ofeocfi deed by the trustees Or truSteeiof the charity lands tenements or bated*- <.

Moments thereby conveyed, shall express that both ports of sudh deed were signed by the bishop before the execution thereof by such trustees or trustee; and a transcript of such authority for delivery of possession and of such several attestations'as aforesaid, shall be entered in the registry of the diocese, and one part of such deed stall'remain with such trustees or trustee for the benefit of the charity, aod the other part shallbe delivered Id the person or persons body politick* or corporate to* whose use the .charity lands tenements or hereditaments shah be thereby conveyed in exchange.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That before any such cons- Before tailing mission shall issue to make inquirytouching any exchange intended to CommiwUm fbe made under the provisions of this Act, three months’ previous notice three months' shall be given of the intention to propose such exchange, by Inserting the n?ticeJtoJ* fMurftkulara extent and situation, and the tenure of the lands tenements *lvcn »*"•*• or hereditaments respectively proposed to be given andtakert in *. exchange, for three successive weeks in some one and the same newsVII« Ani ntmwi xbubtanwy arise wlwteMiinhi ptt/rafctis of jRb£XflL tfefetAdt.ai» exchange might be legdly; effected shew an^ tnulss or ^IO

ttniteeairfVicfasntyubmdsrpdopeecd to begivoi; m exchange ffumki'also . be tfar ptonrietor; got yrowmoD of the* ieocfeffw/wlaofe aucUidwtib- ImwMf. Jatld*dfe>add<b6-SDproposed 4* fee fws.fe/«Aanit; :be*k?thirtfcie e^98.

srattedfiTfestasailto^aadispoQsdingt^ihBiswniiwsmttofeclitdbis sod provisions.bo^isiiidbiMxprasfled^ and subject tfcerfeo* batmefcether- ilriilfesgp fejj sdMt it ahall.aadwMy tieihwvniLfinrDay trustee.orttustees«(any.lands hs«£tw - *» fewaatr or hefedmonnis veetedki* him1 feer*optfeeivA ifewigh Tm>

jdady with «ny.»their trustee or trustees-for .any dwritaUo pwpoteer ceewaeyfer I purposes, .!* omnwyorjoitt in; conveyaDg, t aaothe cub euro be, any *u«h PmopriMSdi trust feDds tcneoea^or hereditanmit^ in tiea oli &ni iB dtofeange ftr the Lands to siiyolbcr:Tand8tenement8»r>ii«reifetam«ite'of «*ikblwsfeew they, star! I be given in ex-faaeebed in feeble andtfor, bis bectwlheir ownuse and’ feendfite Pfttiriddd chan*e-< sfesys that in everysnch -case: the bishop, te* si *’ But the Bbhop

• 1»XMc for any such exchange, aboil, upoo sucks in such cases

sutpprther ptm Datings, touching such exchange; nominateand sppoifet shall appoint some proper person orpaeDm^havingno:inAcrest-kr^ucbJeachange, lo Trustees who act as trustee or trustees on the behalt of the said charity in the matter hsve no interwt of such exchange, in the place and stead of the trustee or trustees who m the L* by reason of such interest as aforesaid shall he disqualified to act therein; and the concurrence of the person or persons so to he appointed to act as temporary trustee or trustees as aforesaid, shall be necessary in all subsequent proceedings relating to such exchange.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the title of Eviction in cast any person or persons body politick or corporate, by whom any lands of defective tenements or hereditaments shall be attempted to be conveyed in exchange title, for any charity-lands tenements or hereditaments, shall at any time appear to be in any manner defective, so that such lands tenements or Hereditaments shall in the whole or in pan be recovered from the trustees or trustee, body politick or corporate, in whom the same shall have been vested or attempted to be vested in exchange under the authority of this Act, or shall be in any manner charged or incumbered, then and in such case the trustees or trustee, body politick or corporate, in whom such lands tenements and hereditaments, or any part thereof, ought to have been vested indefeasibly for charitable purposes as aforesaid, shall enter on the original charity-lands tenements or hereditaments conveyed in exchange as aforesaid, and hold the same according to the original right before the exchange, for the benefit of the charity, in case the lands tenements or hereditaments intended to have been vested by way of exchange for the purposes of the charity shall be wholly evicted, or in case the same shall he partially evicted or in any manner incumbered, then to hold the same for the purpose of indemnifying the charity against the consequences of any suen partial eviction or any such incumbrance, and until full satisfaction shall have been made to the charity tor any defect of title in the lands tenements or hereditaments conveyed in exchange for the original charity lands tenements or hereditaments as aforesaid, and all costs charges and expences incurred by the charity, in consequence thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That no part of the expences attending Expence tt-any exchange to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall be borne by or tending ex-paid out of the funds of any charity, Unless it shall he made appear to the changes how to bishop of the diocese, upon application for such exchange as aforesaid, be paid, that such exchange is solely intended for the benefit of such charity, and not for any other purpose, and is in respect of such convenience advantageous to the charity, notwithstanding any expence which may be incurred in effecting the same; and then so much of such expences only shall be borne by and discharged out of the funds of such charity as such bishop shall find to be just and reasonable, and shall, by instrument under his hand, allow and declare to be in his opinion an expence incurred for the benefit of the charity, and such as ougtit to be discharged out of the funds of such charity.

M8 ^MdrMakk mid EkturitoU&fMs.

, 35Wi XL.And whereas eharity4ands tenements:dr heoedifcameMs1 iria^ be

iS|Q - within some peculiar 6r exempt jurisdiction; be it htriher enacted, Ifmt

- in stJbhtiase the Application for An exchangemider 4brauthority ofitbts

vfixoamt factt jurisdiction and the bishop ofsiich diQCcse sb^'praceed ua the iame ldictkm ate to matmer, in such case, as -if such charity-linds /tenement&dr heredita> monte were toahintents ahdpurpostesrwithinhis jurisdiction sttdkceaate; and in case atop such charity-hods tenements onhtecdkamAnts abaft be within two or wore dioceses* then, and iniisuch case/ application shpli be made i tO, the sbrsral bishops of such seveiaLl dioceses to direct before . which) Of suds bishops the piwcecdifigs toocAung'an^ aucheaiftmn^ shall (be and such htshopg shall accowhn^ij direct before 'whidhof such

infs of the

t . -bishop* such proceedings shall be bad; and shall be.had before such bishop in.thesame raadnar a* such-ings. might have been bad if all such ohari t^hiKlstenemente orixesedita- j . mentetiad been within the diocese of such bhhpp*< :*[.

' \ -i *•' 4 - i -1 "i. •) t‘<* '"i

• •, — t-v i . . . r . ! t v •’ '.<5 fi f

.• . . . . i.:. . !' , 1 !/. f'i ri.j

V.

1 ►- i ’

* '.5 Mi*. I >

‘Vi , jf '

• I, I

X

VI *1, *, *

/' *4 *• ' •1V.

♦ «•’ -vi.’ ♦; -•u i !*'.

- •!. I; / ' *

! . r :• ’it '}. k 1 i

ft . v i.\ *- -i. •»* '

o r» '-or 1 *: oo, * )!' - <♦.

- "•> ’.* ' 11 :.r i V " - 1

'’, «*, r

' «, |; , ll* •*"« J

tx:

» .? /"• i v.l* u:

- tv. >. (t, m; *

• ' -f ’• , i, : '

ic.i' *.m: !♦.

•'-*)- r f I- t >

‘u - f */< /; i i


•:)'-i - i.

•i ' V'/P-.l!-- "O \ -; *i '< *« t-. ! .

M q . v i. )/s -1

• . <-j, *- , 1:

I 1 j’J ih . jt

Mortmain and Charitable Usee,

348 a

Class VO

[No. XX.] 9 Geo. IV. c. 85.—An Act for remedying a No. XX. defect in the Titles of Lands purchased for Charitable Q jV Purposes. — [25th July 1828.] c.

lyWHEREAS by an Act passed in the ninth year of the reign of His late f f Majesty King George the Second, and intituled An Act to restrain the g 6.2. c. 36. disposition of lands whereby the same become unalienable, it was amongst other things enacted, that after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, no manors, lands, tenements, rents, advowsons, or other hereditaments, corporeal or incorporeal, whatsoever, should be given, granted, aliened, limited, released, transferred, assigned, or appointed, or anyways conveyed or settled to or upon any person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, or otherwise, for any estate or interest whatsoever, or anyways charged or incumbered by any person or persons whatsoever, in trust or for the benefit of any charitable uses whatsoever, unless such gift, conveyance, appointment, or settlement of any such lands tenements or hereditaments, were made by deed indented sealed and delivered in the presence of two or more credible witnesses, twelve calendar months at the least before the death of such Donor or Grantor,

(including the days of the execution and death,) and where enrolled in His Majesty’s High Court of Chancery within six calendar months next after the execution thereof, and unless the same were made to take effect in possession, for the charitable use intended, immediately from the making thereof, and were without any power of revocation, reservation, trust, condition, limitation, clause, or agreement whatsoever, for the benefit of the Donor or Grantor, or of any person or persons claiming under him; but it was thereby provided, that nothing therein-before mentioned, relating to the sealing and delivery of any deed or deeds twelve calendar months at least before the death of the Grantor, should extend or be construed to extend to any purchase of any estate or interest in lands tenements or hereditaments, to be made really and bona fide for a full and valuable consideration actually paid at or before the making such conveyance, without fraud or collusion; and it was thereby enacted, that all gifts, grants, appointments, assurances, transfers, and settlements whatsoever, or any lands tenements or other hereditaments, or of any estate or interest therein, or of any charge or incumbrance affecting or to affect any lands tenements or hereditaments, to or in trust for any charitable uses whatsoever, which should at any time after the said twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, be made in any other manner or form than by the said Act was directed A and appointed, should be absolutely and to all intents and purposes null and void: And whereas the said provision contained in the said recited Act, in relation to the purchase of any estate or interest in lands tenements or hereditaments, for a full and valuable consideration, was only intended to prevent such purchases from being avoided by reason of the death of the Grantor within twelve calendar months after the sealing and delivery of the deed or deeds relating thereto: And whereas it has notwithstanding been generally apprehended that the said last-mentioned provision was intended wholly to exempt such purchases from the operation of the said Act, and in consequence thereof the formalities by the said Act prescribed, in relation to the conveyance of hereditaments to charitable uses, have in divers instances been omitted on purchases for a full and valuable consideration, and by reason of such omission the title to such hereditaments may be considered defective :a And whereas it is expedient that provision should be made for remedying such defect in manner herein-after mentioned: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That where any lands tenements and hereto Purchase of Lands for Charitable Purposes to be valid, although the Formalities prescribed by recited Act have not been duly performed.

Vol. I. Z

348 »

No. XX. Geo. IV. c. 85.

Act not to extend to Deeds avoided by Sui:t at Law.

Not to dispense with prescribed Formalities.

Mortmamand CharitabU [Fart IIditainent*. or any estate or interest therein, have or has been purchased for a full and valuable consideration, in trust or for the benefit of any charitable uses whatsoever, and such full and valuable consideration has been actually paid for the same, every deed or other assurance already made for the purpose of conveying or assuring such lands tenements or hereditaments, estate or interest as aforesaid, m trust or for the benefit of such charitable uses, (if made to take effect in possession, for the charitable use intended, immediately from the making thereof, and without any power of revocation, reservation, trust, condition, limitation, clause, or agreement whatsoever, for the benefit of the Grantor, or of any person or persons claiming under hiiu,) shall be as good and valid, and of the same effect, ho lit for establishing derivative titles, and in all other respects, as if the several formalities by the said Act prescribed had been duly observed and performed,

II. Provided always and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to give effect to any deed or other assurance heretofore made, so far as the same has been already avoided by suit at law or in equity, or by any other legal or equitable means whatsoever, or to affect or prejudice any suit at law or in equity actually commenced for avoiding any such deed or other assurance, or for defeating the charitable uses in trust or for the benefit of which such deed or other assurance may have been made *

HI. Provided also, and be it-further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall he construed to dispense with any of the said several formalities prescribed by the said recited Act, in relation to any deed or other assurance which shall be made after the passing of this present Act.

jBUwTIO

•A

, r. '•> .

• J- •; .«•

PART It.

3* .

ACTS FOR CONVEYANCES BY INFANTS, LUNATICS, &c.

; ‘, iM / .«• t - / i / — •>(v /! •: .1 J . .1: . /M

t« No; LI] 7 hme+ Q. enable Ittfanfe/who

/ we' aeisfedt 'br posste&edi*of Fstfrtes in iFfce} io Trusk, or ’’ by wsyi of > Movigpge, )to> imke Coat^yBuces of $uch Estates. > *n’1 / »i-- •’»:. </•

* WHEREAS my ante bflr ttM

!u; pexsons under* this ag&.of pup and twenty, years* having estates

' .tenexnentSjvof Seteddament ^, pnly in, trust for others or, by ‘.way of .mortgage, cannot. (though by die: direction of the <*4*490* f.fn#* pr t mortMgorJ, cpuvey any #uije estate, in any such Inpda .tone* ? niepts orhero&topipntsjto any oU^ei?, person or persona; ’iF*g .remedy thproof t>9 it enacted* by tivs Queen’s fliost I^cellent Mni^ byend: with tfoq wvice and qopsent of the1 Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Coat* mqip in this p*?sfot, Parliament a^emhM» *ad by the authority of the SftWe, Xhat. trow, and, after, tbeTtoq$h. day of Afpy one'thousand iSOyoU hunched and nine, it, shall and.mny be lawful to aqdf&waoy(such person or pgrspns ppder the age of oop and, twenty yew; by the direction of the High. Court of CVwy or, the Court of JEjihequer, signified by, an order juade ppon hearing all parties pqoperned pq the petition of the person or pofspus for trust,; or ofr

suchinfaiU u r - _. , y ,

by or.upoo pay lands tenement dr Wedipunente* wher^sof a^yiinfent op infant? pre or shall he seized, or possessed by way of .mortgage, or of the person or persons entitled to the redemption, thereof *, to convey and avj sure any such lands tepomentjor hereditaments, in such, manner as /the Said Court of CMuccry pr the Court, of Exchequer^ shall, .by suoh.ordejr so to be obtained, direct to any other person or persons j and Such, ot#wey<« apee or aesurpi^ceso to be, bad, and made as aforesaid shall be , ssgood and effectual in law to all intends and purposes whatsoever, as if the said intents or infant were at the time of .making such conveyance or assutt ance of the full age of oue and twenty years; any law customor usage to fiie.contrary in any wise notwithstanding-(H. And J^e, .it, further enacted by the authority aforesaid* That all and

retMtrjftat 7 Ain* ©M.

"r

persons tor whwisush infoptvor infants, shall he seised or. possessed in _, >£ the; mortgagor, or, paortgagors or guardian or guardians of

such infant or. infants, qr person or persons ontiued to the moniessecured

'i r . n:•’ r

i# , ?j •({< *

After 10th May 1709, any person under the age of 21, being Thisteea, Ac. c. may by the directions of the Courts of Chan* eery or Exchequer, convey such Lands, Ac* and such conveyances shall be good.

every such infant or Infants, being only trustee ojr trustees mortgagee or mortgagees as aforesaid, spall aqdmay be compelled by such .order so as aforesaid to .be obtained, ty jp^ke such conveyance or conveyances assu* ranee or assurance* as aforesaid* tn like manner as trustees or mortgagees of full age are, compellable to., convey or assign their trust estates ox mortgages, (l) '

- ---- 1 - 1 1 - —-—-*— ——rr

(1) As to the effect of conveyances by infant trustees or mortgagees, independently of this statute, see* Zouch vr Parsons, 3 Bur. 1794.

----— v. Handcock, 17 Vesey, 384. The statute extends only to trusts expressly declared, and riot to trusts by implication of law, Goodwin t>.

An infant being Trustee, Ac. c. may be compelled to make such conveyance, Ac. c.

Lyster, 3 P. Wms., 387. not to a deviw to an i fant subject to a charge for payment of del Anon, note, ibid. The infant must Hto a^diyr trustee, having no interest in the subject/

----v. Handcock. But the being a co*ex»£

' tutor add co-reaidhary legatee, ia not lucb an

m

Conveyance! by Infants, Lunatic *, tyc.

interest as prevents the operation of the statute. . C. and a purchaser is compelled to take the title. The infant may be ordered to levy a fine, ex parte Maire, 3 Atk. 479; or suffer a recovery, ex parte Smith, AmbL 624, ex pane Johnson, 3 Atk. 559. The Act extends to estates in Qef cutta, Barbadoex, Mac. expane Andenon, 5 Vesey, 248, and cases there cited. The order is never made upon petition, except where the party has the absolute right. An infant trustee is never ordered to convey to another trustee upon trusts, to be executed. That must be by a bill praying to have a new trustee appointed and a conveyance

executed. . G.—A motion to commit the mother for not permitting the infant to convey, not a proper mode of taking the opinion of the Court, ex parte Cant. 10 Vesey. 554; necessary coats

attended with very gnat convenience if courts of equity were enabled by the acrpC afpqpper officer to transfer legal estates '? eaten In persons abroad or not ascertained.— Such a provision is made with respect to property in the Kinds, by tat. S6 Geo. III. c. 90. post Part III. Class and with respect to lands by the Irish Statute, 23 Geo. III. c. 35. See 2 Gabb. 158.

•’j '_l [j/ n

/. /*)A I i - i

[No. II.] 4 George I), c. 10.—An Act to enable Idiots:^i^4iWattotk ‘Wjiipi«Me(«6is4Kfor, pQawwfe<^oflliSatM^ •i ’ feir4Aties»:orTemma-of Jfeorvin: by

wfjr of Mortgage* <Qan^ey*nntsi8uvre»deis or

O^iit '

c. 10. Idiots or Lunatics seised of Estates in Triist, ftc. may make Conveyances, &c. of such estates.

Idiots, fee. or

* t*e*xnay.b»

" by

«fer*twlnaka

ChuvSyanasa, *

Assignments of such Estates.

f AMHtttEAS do im# *nky aribe liyveaaen^MUt

* 71 ptroarabamgMtleo* 'limattoorsio* riwfpes mentis, 'having states in elands‘tnaoiiienta or hereditaments, only for- others orW way of

«WMrttgagVy 'Cawnfit (though by Ae -direction of the *or

mdrtgagoryeoiiv^yony sure estate'in orff hftfh lanflfr tenements Or%er

4 ditameW»taanystlierpw«onjor persons :, JFor iCtnedy thereof? e *it eraetedtiy‘tJw-Kmg’s mast BxceHent Wfijosty, byand^fth the*8vltt sad donaertt of the Lords Spiritual and[Tefhperail ‘and CcKUrndnsItf Ads pMscmvftaftittmett^ and'by theatithofitydT!he i|Fhat

ftwn^ad^lfttrthe'ti^ day Of Jnne one-thtmsamj

dred and 'ttoi«pk»e, rib*nafc and 1mtty'beI lawful to andfbranysudh per* asn or pattwis beinghhoaluiatic dr non empm'metals, br ftfr °8rt twn-nittao o^tkAmittaes of-sabh^etson or mhigher ot their1 tame

or names, by Iho dMk» of the Xord>Cfatneellor 4t G^ekf Wfwftror the ’Lord deeper* or Commisrionees of the Oreat-Seal of1 Great *BHten»

fcr-theiwra tang, signified % an or#er trade ripori fi«ring idllJpar^ ties eoncemad, on thepetnkm -of the pefsori or ‘persons for Whom stteh person or .persons being adoot fanatic or nonoompot-mentis ihaflAe itisdior’possessed in trust; or dftfce nmrjgagor or mortgagors, ordF* the person or persons imitM‘the monies *eemvd'by ur tfponi aHy^tath tenements *r hereditaments, whereof any etteh person or peruse jbemg idiot'fanatioor non compos smith h or are or ibalVbe seised Or possessed bywajrof mortgage, or Of fthe person or persons in tithed > to the redemption thereof, to convoy -and' assure any snetvhmdv tenements orheredSto-tnantsin Such manner asthe Lord Chaneellor of Greet 'Britnmtirfbord Keeperor Commissioners of the 'Great Sea! of1 Great Brttern '^jaS^by ttdti order; so to be obtained direct many other -person or persons { mm such conveyance or assurance »Osttv be had and made es afcronid, rihitt beas good andeflfecHrttf its law to all intents and purposes whatsoever^as if the said person or persons bein^ idiot lunatic or non compot mentis, waffor were at the time rif1 the indkmg such- conveyance or assumace bf sane mind memory and‘underttaridkrg, and not iihot1 hmatic Or non cmC mentis, * or had by him her or thcmsehresexectited the same^aEQT custom or usage' to die contrary ^in any wise ncftivhhstarrd i ng.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That aH and every such person and persons-being idiot lunatic ot non compos msnfts, U$(T •ohly trustee or trnstecs mortgagee or mortgagees as aforesaid, or the committee or committees af all and every suen person and persons'being idiot lunatic, or non .compos rrientU, and only alien trustee or mortgagee as aforesaid, shall and .may be eiipowertsd and fcompefljed by tuichr order.jo»; w aforesaid to be ohtajjiec^ to, ipake such conveyance or. coqvfy^goe

jOtfn-Yl.] Qhwymifcfralto, fc> %&

madrono* aiwwf eu 4s aforesaid^ in’ ttkeinsniner astrm^ mor*oempdluhfc to convoy surrender or aesigd dpp.ACt.Qg.

* ^1) A win iimd- hidatic by*the MaamPVi - where the td? if fa-niertgagee was Iftfand TUfiSc jayan nwnthircriwd .tooe—wy undet this vfay the amtate of 'Hamburgh .-—Ex parte Lewis, iMMti tinfeaa a conttam Ha waMbi 1 Veeey, J»8. A.claiehiinw^ ef lunacy not ne-y#te GilhMn, a Veeey* >pk W. Warn a: unrawy. under am*viJ6'&aatIII. c. 90r~Tre-commisnon has issued, the Court will order the apecting money in the fundsi}*n^imona r. Nayloty lunatic and his curator to join* in the cownywt, 4 Veeey, 3G(t.

—Ex pane lady Ajqrubdale, Ambta> 8*. So .

£ ffo. ill. } 29€teorg* H. c. —An Act to rniebie ifr-fonts, Lunatic *, and Femes <torerk to strrrettkfer Leases In order to renew the same.

f toe or .more person or (person* or otherwise: !And> whereto in order to tebtainaTe*tml«f such icasei, it i* > mommy case* necessary tusov* render up the estates thereby granted; which surrenders espaothe

* effectually made b f pci suna under1 the age of-twenty-one years, nor

* lunatics, nor by femes oovert- without levying a>fine to the manifest r detriment df them and IheFr'faraittM \f Be it therefore endeted'by Ibe

mf^t fhteefieiit'Majesty, by4and with the advice and consent of th&Ldrds MHmahadil temporal odd Gommsns k> thi* ptraetitRSrlia-wenbasetvNlfcd). and fay rito authority nf the-aalne> That in all Jbases

where any, personunder thepge. of ^tweaW-ooe years, or .spy lunatic or feme covert is or shall bfecome interested m or entitled 4o kny leajse or lease* m^dedrgranted, or tb be made or granted by any person oi\per-Mositodies.politi(&^ eatifagiate sjrgrsgtftefefr sol<y for the life

or!Bns<of wise on morspfcrseat«onpersons*^r for aqydcn* of yavsteither Absolute or determunhle upon the c^oatkoC oOe-jor more poiaon or, persons or otherwise it shalLand may be law fill for such person under, the age , oftwemy-One years, dr for his or her guard ianor guardians or other person or persons onhisorher behalf. rad for ouch lunatic ^or 'Ms or her gsfardian or guardiansveoininittee or committees of the estate, ar bther ytarsenor persona on hie or herbahalL'and. for such fame covert or any other person or persons on her behalf, to apply to the Iiigh«Coqrt of Chancery of Great Britain, the Court of Exchequer, the courts of equity of Ihh eonutiee palatine of Che$terJumca*er wad Dudmm, or the oourfcyof grant eessieb of the’prtacipaiity of Hbferiespactively, fay pstifon or mo-ina in a summary way, and bythfe order and directm* of the said courts mpectiidy tnade upon hearing all parties cooecsned, iaeh person' under She age of twenty-one ysm, and such, lunatic or person or persons ap-pnted fay the said .courts respectively, and also stack femeeo*ctt, by dead or deeds ctaly, without levying any fine shall and may be enabled fins time to time to surrender such lease or leases, and accept and take in ike name and for the benefit of such person under the age of twancy-one yean or lunatic or feroe oovert, one or more, new; lease or leases of the premises comprised hi t such lease or leases surrendered by virtue of this.Actr for and during such number of fives, or for such term or terms of years determinable upon suehnumberof lives, or for such* term or terms of years absolute, as was or were mentioned or contained in such lease Or leases so surrendered at the making thereof respectively, nr otherwise as the said courts shall respectively direct.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all said every sum and sums of money, and other consideration, paid or advanced by. any such guardian trustee committee or other person, as and for a fine Or income, or in the nature of a fine or income, tor or oo account of the renewal of any such lease or leases, and all reasonable charges incident thereto, shell be pajdout of; the estate or effects efrther infant fair lunatic

Guardians, Ac. c.

of Minora, Ac. c. in order to the surrender and renewal of leases, may apply to the Court of Chancery, Ac. c. and fay order may surrender fay Deed such

renew the same,

Ac. c.

Charges attending renewal, to be charged on the Estates, Ae» Court shall direct.

969 Qwveytw&lby, L#M4itxt>lfCi .(TartI.

NP-W- fat whose benefit Ui« said Mse. or leases shall be iwewed, or shall be ft 40 rfft If char£c and incumbrance upon thekaseMd premises, itogpibe? with in* ^rTi 1 terest for the same, as the said courts respectively shall direct mod /deter* mine; and as.foiLAnd.concerning leases.to.be made upon.surrenders hj femes covert, unless the fine or oonrfderauori of such lease: and the rea-. t . sonable char&e&shftll be otherwise pakk ot secured, the Samartogether with interest ahalfhea charge /or incftmlicance oifon such' leasehold premises for the use and benefit of each person or-persons who dhill advance - the, . saipe. *-*' *4 's'-'k # rW-., i *\* New Leases to III. And be ItYurtftei' enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the be to same respective leases to be so renewed shall operate^ and be to.the saute uses, uiei« and be liable to the eharges ineueBhtmces dispositions deyjsfs apd.qpqditipiis, , tbe4ejtf>e$ , fc> 1)4 frorntboetty tink; *trheywhfred as aforesaid, ^ypre or would have ^>ee» $ukjecf tp i^ .pasft ($iycb slander had not beenmade; any thing in this oir any former taw to the contrary notwithstanding. '* /"1’T

SunfntbraBd JV, And be it farther enacted and declared* That every sucfchirtttiAfr, renewal d$em- apd such Jease-or leases granted thereupon, ah$M be aqd be deemed at ed valid. valid and legal, to all intents and .purposes, as if stid» surrender had been Hiadn by t awl on the behalf of a person of full, age, sane mind, or nt xnarrieiU any thing in this or:any former law; to the .omtraxy mtwith* standing* < >;

t /A r t " /

* -f

> r. t ' ' '


>« i"Y , > >

t*" *•’'", l

4 Geo. III. c. 16.

Act 7 Anne, c. 19.

[No. IV. V 4 George III. c. Ifr—An Act tp» enable Io-. fimts who are seised of Lunds T^neu^enfs or Here.

! dit&roents, within the> Duchy of Lancaster* nr the - Counties Palatine of' Chester Lancaster or Durham, or the Principality Of Wales, in Fee, Or for the; Life ot Lives of pne qr, more qther Person, or persons, in rJTrqst, or byway of Mortgage, to, wake Conveyances of such Estates by Order of the 'Court'of the Duchy Chamber of Lhntaster, of the Court of Exchequer of the Coujnty Palatine of Chester, the Coqrt of'Chancery .; of the County Palatine.of Lancaster, of the Cojurt of Chancery of the County Palatine of Jhmhtsm, and of the Goum of the Crent Sessions in the Principality of Wales. *’ '* 'V / ' . '•: ’

4 'WHEREAS by an Act; of Parliament made in thesevoa^h year of the i - reign of her late-Majesty, Queen Awnh, intituled ila Act So rnehk \ In fonts.tcha are.raised or possessed of Estate* in Fee, in Trust9 or Jy Ifa { <tf] Mortgage, to moke Conveyances of sack Estates, -persons voder the see 1 of one and twenty >years, having estates in lands tenement* or beredua-V mente only in Orust for others or by way-of mortgager are enabled and *, compellable* by the direction and, order of the High Court of On>

, eery or the.Court of Exchequer, to convey and assure.such land* ten* l momenta or hereditaments hv such manner as the said Court of CAca-*i cay or the Court of Exckeqwr nhsW by such order in pursuance ut the 1 saw: Act directs And whereas the benefit intended by the said Act wd be manifestly extended, by giving to and vesting, in die proper reaper- itiye Courts of the Duchy ot Lancaster, and ihp Courts in the sertra. 4. counties palatine of Chester Lancaster and Durham* and the Courts a 4 the Great. Sessions in Wales, such and the like power jurisdiction. serf authority, respecting infants who are or shall be seised of lands ten* 4 ments or hereditaments within die said Duchy of Lancaster, and d*r 4 several counties palatine of Chester Lancaster and Durham, and the principality of Wales, respectively, in fee, or for the life or lives of on? or snore other person or persons, as by the said Act is given to and vested in the High Court of Chancery and the Court of Exchequer £c it. therefore enacted by the iCtng^s must excellent 'and wixn

Class VT.] Conveyance* by Infa%d.

(he advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commens in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons under the age of one and twenty years, having such estate or estates in lands tenements or hereditaments, within the Duchy of Lan- lnfimt* may, by caster, or the counties palatine of Chester Lancaster and Durham respec- order of the tively, or in the principality of Wales, by the direction of the Court of the Court, m*ke Duchy Chamber of Laticaster, of the Court of Exchequer of the county Conveyance* of palatine of Chester, of the Court of Chancery of the county palatine of wch Esute* j Lancaster, of the Court of Chancery of the county palatine of Durham, and of the several Courts of the Great Sessions in Wales respectively, signified lby an order made upon hearing all parties concerned on the petition or motion of the person or persons for whom such infant or infants shall be so seised as aforesaid, in trust, or of the mortgagor or mortgagors, or guardian or guardians, of such infant or infants, or persons intitled to the monies secured by or upon any such lands tenements or hereditaments whereof any infant or infants are or shall be seised, -in trust or by way of mortgage, or of the person or persons intitled to the redemption thereof, to convey and assure any such lands tenements or hereditaments in such manner as the said several Courts of the said Duchy, Counties Palatine, and Great Session in Wales, wherein such lands tenements or hereditaments shall lie, by such order so to be obtained, direct, to any other person or persons; and such conveyance or assurance so to be had and made as aforesaid, shall be as good and effectual in law, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if the said inftmt or infants was or were at the making such conveyance or assurance of the full age of one and twenty years; any law custom or usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and, .

every such infant or infants, being only trustee or trustees, mortgagee or mortgagees, as aforesaid, shall and may be compelled, by such order as Mortgagees, aforesaid to be obtained, to make such conveyance or conveyances, may be com-assurance or assurances, as aforesaid, in like manner as trustees or mort- peifed by such gagees of full age are compellable to convey or assign their trust estates order to make or mortgages. such Conveyances and Assurances accordingly.

[No. V.] 11 George III. c. 20.—An Act to enable

Lunatics intitled to renew Leases, their Guardians and Committees, to accept of Surrenders of old Leases, and grant new ones.

* ^WHEREAS by the laws now in force, lunatics, or their guardians or jj ifc

* committees, have not any power or authority, upon a surrender of c. SO.

* any lease of lands tenements or hereditaments for the life or lives of

* one or more person or persons, or for terms of years absolute or deter* minable on the death ot one or more person or persons, to make a sure

* or effectual renewal of such lease or leases, which is frequently to the

* detriment of such lunatics and their families, and always to the preju* dice of the person or persons intitled to such renewal* Be it therefore Lunatics, their enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and Guardians, Ac. c. consent of the Lords Spiritual Mid Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from

and after the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, in all cases where any lunatic is or shall be intided, or has right to renew any lease or leases made or. granted, or to be made or granted, for the life or lives of one or more person or persons, or for any term or number of ycar9, absolute or determinable on the death of one or more person or persons, or otherwise, it shall and may be lawful to and for such lunatic, or his or her guardian or guardians committee OTf^r\r\Q committees of his estate, in his her or their name or names; afcy Vox - I. 2 A

SM

Ho. V.

11 Geo. I1L

c. 20.

Leases valid, and effectual *

Premiums to go to the Guardians of Lunafim.

On death of Lunatic, money arising by qcfr Fines to be considered zeal Estate, unless, Ac. c.

Cammftmmby tyfamU, Lmatic *, tfc. F [Put 1L.

dmetion of the Lord High Chancellor of Britain, or die Lord Keeper

or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the tune being, signified by an order made on brazing all parties concerned, upon petition in a summary way from time to time, to accept of a surrender or surrenders of such lease or leases; and to make and execute to any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate or collegiate, aggregate or sole, a new lease or leases of the premises comprised in such lease or leases so to be surrendered by virtue of this Act for and during such number of lives, or for such term or terms of years determinable upon such number of lives, or for such term or terms of years absolute, as was or were mentioned or contained in such lease or leases so surrendered at the making thereof or otherwise, as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain or the Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, by any such order so to be obtained as aforesaid shall direct.

XL And be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That all and every such lease or leases so to be made or executed as aforesaid, shall be and be deemed as good and valid and effectual in the law, to all intents and purposes, as if such lunatic was at the time of making or executing thereof of sane mind, and had executed the same in his or her own proper person; any thing in this Act or any former law to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines premiums foregifts and sums or money, which shall or may be had received or paid for or on account of the renewing of any such lease or leases as aforesaid, shall (after a deduction of all necessary incident charges and expences) be paid to the guardian or guardians, committee or committees of the said lunatic, and be applied ana disposed of for the benefit of such lunatic in such manner as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain shall direct: but upon the death of such lunatic or lunatics, all such sum and sums of money as shall arise by such fines premiums or foregifts, or so much as shall remain unapplied for the benefit of such lunatic or lunatics, at his her or their death, shall, as*between the representatives of the real and personal estates of all suc h lunatics be considered as real estate, unless such lunatic or lunatics shall be tenant for life only; and then*the same shall be considered as personal estate.

[No. VI.] 43 George III. c-75.—An Act to authorise the Sale or Mortgage of the Estates of Persons found Lunatic by Inquisition, in England or Ireland respectively; and the granting of Leases of the same. — [4th July3 1803.]

43 Geo. HI. 4 VlWHEREAS great injury frequently happens to persons found lunatic ^75^ 1 or of unsound mind, and incapable of managing their affairs, by

inquisitions taken in England and Ireland respectively, and the creditors

* of such persons are delayed in obtaining payment of their demands, for want of sufficient power to apply the property of such persons in dis* charge of their debts and engagements: And whereas the care and commitment of the custody of the persons and estates of persons so found «lunatic or of unsound mind have been usually entrusted, by virtue of

* the King’s sign*manuel, to the Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Lords

* Commissioners for the custody of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom and of Ireland respectively, and it would be beneficial to such persons and their creditors if power were given to dispose of their property

* for payment of their debts and performance of their engagements,

* under the controul of such Chancellor Keeper and Commissioners in England dnd Ireland respectively* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by ana with the advice end consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament

Class VI.] Conveyances by Infants, Lunatic*,

assembled, and by the autharifr of the same, That it shall and may be No. VI. lawful for the Lora Chancellor Lord Keeper or Lords Comminioners for *

die custody of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom and of Ireland 43 ', e0, respectively, being entrusted by virtue of the King’s sqm-manual with c- 75. the care and commitment of the custody of the persons and estates of per-sens found lunatic or of unsound mind, and incapable of managing their The Lord affairs, by inquisition taken in England and Ireland respectively, to order rhan^iw the freehold and leasehold estate* of such persons respectively to be sold, the United or diarged and incumbered by way of mortgage or otherwise, as shall Kingdom and be deemed most expedient for the purpose of raising such sum or sums of Ireland, of money as shall be necessary for payment of the debts, and for per- being entrusted forming the contracts or engagements of any such persons respectively, wich the Per" and the costs and charges attending the same, and attending such sale "" and Estates mortgage or incumbrance respectively, and to direct the committee of Ll"*, tica, or committees of the estate of such persons respectively to execute, in the name and on the behalf of such persons respectively, conveyances y E

of the estates so to be sold mortgaged or incumbered, and to procure utat such admittance to and make such surrenders of the copyhold estates of pen0M to such persons found lunatic or of unsound mind, and to do all such acts ^j or ch*igsd as shall be necessary to effectuate' the same, in such manner as such by Mortgage, . Chancellor Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of the United for raising mo-Kingdom and of Ireland respectively shall direct; which conveyances -ney for the so to be made in pursuance of any such order aforesaid, shall be as good payment of and effectual in law as if the same had been executed by every such debts, Ac. c. person so found lunatic or of unsound mind respectively, when in his or her sound mind.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case there shall be any surplus Application of of money to be raised by any such sale as aforesaid, after answering the surplus, purposes aforesaid, the same shall be applied and disposed of in the same

manner as the estate sold would have been applied if this Act had not been made.

III. And whereas many persons so found lunatic, or of unsound The Power of 1 mind, may be seised and possessed of freehold and copyhold lands tene- leasing Lands,

ments and hereditaments, either for the term of their natural lives, or Ac. c. of Lunatics for some other estate, with power of granting leases and taking fines, having only a reserving small rents on such leases lor one two or three lives in pos- limited Estate session or reversion, or for some number of years determinable upon therein, may he lives, or for terms of years absolutelybe it enacted, That in every such ~?e

case all and every power of leasing such lands tenements and hereditaments, which is or shall be vested in such person so found lunatic or of peri0B

unsound mind, haVing a limited estate only, shall and mey be executed the direcby the committee or committees of the estate of such person, under the ti(on Gf direction and order of the Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or J>ords Com- chancellor, missioners for the custody of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom and of Ireland respectively, being duly entrusted by virtue of the King's sign manuel with the care and commitment of the custody of me persons and estates of such persons; and such lease or leases so to be executed by the said, committee and committees, under and by virtue of such order, shall be as good and effectual in law as if the same were executed by die said person so found lunatic or of unsound mind, in his or Jier sound mind.

IV. And whereas persons so found lunatic or of unsound mind may Whew Luna4 be seised or possessed of and entitled to freehold or copyhold estates "hacked of in fee or in tail, and an absolute interest in leasehold estates, and it may be for the benefit of such persons that leases or under-leases should be Copyhad

" " . . - tatea in Fee or

I an

j ra absolute interest

be lawful for the l<ord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners

for the custody of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom and of Ireland cei^ may

direct the Committee of the Estate to nuke Leases thereof

Extended to copyholds and

by scat. 59 Geo. HL c. 40, supra Cbm X. No. XXV. % A 2

Art* of Committees under this Act shall be binding.

Act shall not subject Estates of Lunatics to Debts otherwise than they are. now subject toy law, but shall be applied only for the benefit of Lunatics.

Conveyances by Infants, Lunatics, {Part II

respectively, intrusted by virtue of the King’s sign manual with the care ana commitment of the custody of the persons and estates of such persons respectively, to order and direct a committee or committees of the estate of such lunatic to make such leases of the freehold copyhold or leasehold estates of such persons respectively, according to his or her interests therein respectively, and to the nature of the tenures of such estates respectively, for such term or terms of years, and subject to such rents and ana covenants, as the Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the custody of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom and of Ireland respectively, intrusted as aforesaid, shall direct; and that all and every such lease or leases made by such committee or committees, under and by virtue of the said order, as such Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners respectively shall make thereupon, shall be as good and vplid in the law as if the same bad been executed by the person so found lunatic or of unsound mind respectively, in his or her sound mind.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every act to be done by such committee or committees of the estate of such lunatic under and by virtue of this Act and the order of the Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom and of Ireland respectively, intrusted as aforesaid, shall be as valid and binding against the said persons so found lunatic and of unsound mind respectively, and all persons claiming by through or under him or her respectively, as if the persons so found lunatic or of unsound-mind respectively had been in his or her sound mind, and had personally done such act or acts respectively.

VI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to subject any part of the freehold copyhold or leasehold estates of any person found lunatic or of unsound mind to the debts or demands ot his creditors otherwise than as the same are now subject or liable by due course of law; but only to authorise the Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or lords Commissioners for the custody of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom and of Ireland respectively, being entrusted by virtue of the King*s sign manuel with the care and commitment of the custody of the persons and estates Of persons so found lunatic or of unsound mind, to make order in such cases as are hereinbefore mentioned, when the same shall be deemed for the benefitand advantage of such person so found lunatic or of

mind, and incapable of managing his or her affairs.

[No. VII.] 1 & 2 Geo. IV. c. 15.—An Act to authorise

the Transfer of Stocks and Payment of Dividends of Lunatics residing out of England. — [24th March 1821.]

WHEREAS by the laws in being relative to the transfer of stocks and Geo. IV. c. 15. annuities transferrable at the bank of England, all such tranfers are required to be entered and registered, and such entries are required la be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and to be signed py the parties making such transfers, or (if such parties be abseut) Dy their attornies lawfully authorised; and it is also declared, that no other method of assigning or transferring such stocks and annuities shall be good and available in law: And whereas it hath frequently happened that persons having parts of such stocks and annuities standing in their names, and residing out of England, have become lunatic, and the personal estate of such persons has, according to the laws of the place wherein they resided, been duly vested in curators or other persons appointed for the management thereof: And whereas it is proper that the dividends upon such .stocks and annuities should be paid to such curators and other persons as aforesaid; and it is also sometimes proper and expedient that the capital -of such stocks or annuities, or some part thereof, should be transferred; but by the laws in being no such payment or transfer can be made,

thereby great inconvenience have arisen; For remedy whereof, bo it

vjtTOyix.

Class VI.] Conveyances by Infants, Lunatics, ifc.

enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, in all cases where any such stocks or annuities transferable or thereafter to be made transferable at the Bank of England shall be standing in the name of any person residing out of England, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chancellor Lora Keeper ana Commissioners of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, upon petition and proof being made to the satisfaction of the Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Commissioners of such Great Seal for the time being, that such person has been declared lunatic, and that his or her personal estate has been vested in a curator or curators, or other person or persons appointed for the management thereof, according to the laws of the place where such person shall reside, to order the accountant-general secretary or deputy secretary for the time being of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to transfer such stock or annuities, or any part or parts thereof, into the name or names of any such curator or curators, or other such person or persons as aforesaid, or otherwise, and also to receive and pay over the dividends thereof, as the Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, shall think fit and direct; and that such transfers and payments shall be valid and effectual to all intents and purposes whatsoever, any former statute, law, custom, or usage, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted, That this present Act shall be and is hereby declared to be a full and complete indemnity and discharge to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, their officers and servants, for all things done or permitted to be done pursuant thereto, and that the same snail not be impeached or questioned in any court of law or equity whatsoever to their prejudice or detriment; and that thi9 present Act shall be and is hereby declared to be and to be reputed and taken as a public Act, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

In cases where Stocks shall be standing in the name of any Parson declared Lunatic, reading out of England, the Chancellor may direct the transfer.

Indemnity to the Bank.

[No. VIII.] 1 & 2 Geo. IV. c. I14.-*-An Act for the

Conveyance Surrender and Assignment of Estates in Fee for Lives or Terms of Years, which shall be vested in Trust or by way of Mortgage in Idiots and Lunatics, not having been found such by Inquisition. — [10th July 1821.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the fourth year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act to enable ldioii and Lunatics, who are seised or possessed of Estates in Fee, or for Lives, or Terms of Years, in Trust, or by way of Mortgage, to make Conveyances Surrenders or Assignments of such Estates, it is enacted, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, being idiot lunatic or non compos mentis, and having estates in lands tenements or hereditaments in trust only for others, or by way of mortgage, or for the committee or Committees of such person or persons in nit her or their name or names, by the direction of the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain or the Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, signified by an order to be made as in the said Act is directed, to convey and assure such lands tenements or hereditaments in manner and to the person or persons in the said Act mentioned: And whereas many inconveniences do and may arise by reason that the provisions of the said Act do only apply in cases in which commissions of lunacy have been taken out ana it is expedient to extend such provisions to other cases:Be it enacted by the King*s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Vol.1. *SA

4 Geo. 2. c. 10.

858

No. IX.

6 Geo. IV.

c. 53.

Lord Comcellar, Ac. c. to appoint Prison! to convey and assure

Lands of Lunatics and Idiots.

Persons so appointed compelled to con-ytj.

Conveyances by Infants, Lunatics, IjfC. [Part II.

Thai from ami after the passing of this Act it shall and may he lawful to and for the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain or the Loro Keeper or Commissioner* of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, by an order made on the petition of the person or persons for whom such person or persons being idiot lunatic or mm compos mentis (but not having been founa such by inquisition,) shall he seised or possessed in trust, or of the mortgager or mortgagers, or of the person or persons entitled to the monies secured by or upon any lands tenements or hereditaments, whereof any such person or persons being idiot lunatic or non compos mentis (but not having been found such by inquisition,) is or are or shall be seised or possessed liy way of mortgage, or of the person or persons entitled to the equity of redemption thereof, to appoint such person or persons as to the 1/ira Chancellor Lord Keeper or Lords Com misstoners of the Great Seal of Great Britain respectively, shall seem meet, on behalf of such person or persons being so idiot lunatic or non compos mentis as aforesaid, to convey and assure any such lands tenements or hereditaments, in such manner as the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain or Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Sea) of Great Britain, shall by such order so to be obtained direot, to any other person or persons; and suoli conveyance and assurance so to be had and made as aforesaid, shall he as good and effectual in law to all intents and purpose whatsoever as if the said person or persons, being idiot lunatic or mm compos mentis, was or were at the time of making such conveyance or assurance of sane mind memory and understanding, and not idiot lunate or am compos mentis\ and had by him her orthem«elves so conveyed and assured suen lands tenements and hereditaments; any law custom or usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That alt and every such person and persons, being to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall and may be empowered and compelled by such order so as aforesaid to be obtained, to make such conveyance and conveyances, assurance or assurances as aforesaid, in like manner as trustees or mortgagees of sane memory are compellable to convey surrender or assign tnetr trust estates or mortgages.

[No. IX.] 6 ^eo. IV. c. 53.—An Act for limiting the Time within which Inquisitions of Lunacy, Idiotcy, and Non Compos Mentis, may be traversed, and for making other Regulations In the Proceedings pending a Traverse. — [22d June 1825.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the second and third years of the reien of King Edward the Sixth, it was enacted, That if any person should be untruly founden lunatic idiot or dead, every person and persons grieved by any such office or inquisition, should and might have his or their traverse to the same immediately, or after, at his or thair pleasure, and proceed to trial therein, and have like remedy and advantage as in other cases of traverse upon untrue inquisitions or offices founden:And whereas great inconvenience hath arisen from there being no time limited within which inquisitions or offices finding persons lunatic idiot or of unsound mind, must be traversed; and it is expedient that some time should be limited for that purpose: And whereas the care and commitment of the custody of the persons and estates of persons found lunatic idiot or of unsound mind, have been usually entrusted, by virtue of the King's sign manual, to the Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the custody of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom and of Ireland respectively; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Loids Spiritual and Temporal, anil Commons, in this present Parlia-Pe tit ion* to ment assembled, and by the authority of the same, That where any intraverse Inquisition has, before the passing of this Act, been returned into the

<|ui»itions to be presented within a limited Time. vjOO^LC

Class VI.] Conveyances by Irtfants, Ijinatics, 5pc.

High Court of Chancery, by which any person hath been found hinatic idiot or of unsound mind, it shall be lawful for any person or persons desiring to traverse such inquisition, or for any person or persons desiring to oppose such traverse, to present a petition to the Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom and of Jretand respectively, or other person or persons entrusted as aforesaid, by virtue of the King's sign manual, before the end of Mkhatlmas term next after the pissing of this Act, praying that such traverse may he proceeded in and brought to trial and where any person or persons shall be desirous of traversing any such inquisition as aforesaid, which shall be returned into the said Court of Chancery after the passing of this Act, a petition for that purpose shall be presented ro the Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners, or other the person or persons entrusted as aforesaid, within three calendar months, to be computed from the day of the return of such inquisition; and the said Lord Chancellor Lord or Keeper Lords Commissioners or other the person or persons entrusted as aforesaid, is or are hereby directed and required to hear and determine such petition; and the said Lord Chancellor Lord* Keeper or Lords Commissioners, or other the person or persons entrusted as aforesaid respectively, shall, in every order to be made upon any such petition as aforesaid, limit a time, not exceeding six calendar months from the date of such order, within which the person or persons desiring to traverse as aforesaid, and all other proper parties, are to proceed to trial of the traverse to which such petition shall relate; and it shall also be lawful for the said Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners, entrusted as aforesaid, in the case of every such traverse as aforesaid, upon the petition of any such person or persons as aforesaid, to make an order that the person or persons desiring to traverse as aforesaid, not being the party who h3S upon such inquisition been found lunatic idiot or of unsound mind, shall, within three weeks after the date of such order, give sufficient security to one of the masters in ordinary of the said Court of Chancery, and to the satisfaction of the same master, for all proper parties proceeding to the trial of uich traverse as aforesaid, within the time to be for that purpose limited as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That every person having or who shall hereafter have right to traverse any such inquisition as aforesaid, who shall not present his or her petition for that purpose to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners, or other the person or persons entrusted as aforesaid, within the time herein-before limited, and applicable to his or her case, or who shall refuse or neglect to give such security as aforesaid, or who shall not proceed to the trial of such traverse within such time as shall be in that behalf limited or directed as aforesaid, and the heirs executors and administrators of every such person, and all others claiming or to claim by through or under him or her shall be and are hereby absolutely barred of such right of traverse, unless the Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners, or other the person or persons entrusted as aforesaid, shall under the special circumstances of any particular case think fit, upon a petition bein* presented to him or them for that purpose, to allow such traverse to be had or tried After the time by this Act limited; in all which special cases it shall be ' lawful for the said Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners, or other the person or persons entrusted as aforesaid, to make such orders as to him or them shall seem just.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shaH be lawful for the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, and Lords Commissioners, or other the person or persons entrusted as aforesaid, if he or they shall be dis-satisfied with any verdict, to be returned upon any such traverse as aforesaid, to order one or more new trial or trials thereon* as to him or them shall seem meet, and as is usual in ca°e$ of issues directed by the Court of Chancery; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

* 2A2

Persons not petitioning

within

limited Time, hatred.

Lord Chancellor may direct new Trials.

Chancellor may make orders for Manage* ment of Person and Estate of Lunatics,

Conveyances by Infants, Lunatics, %c. [Part II *

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners, or other the person or persons entrusted as aforesaid, from time to time after the return of any such inquisition as aforesaid, and notwithstanding any petition or order which may be depending relating to a traverse of such inquisition, to make such orders relative to the custody and commitment of the person or persons, and the commitment management and application of the estates and effects of any person or persons who shall or may have been found lunatic idiot or of unsound mind, by any such inquisition or inquisitions as he or they shall think necessary or proper; ana all acts matters and things which shall have been done by any person or persons appointed committee or committees of the persons or estates of such persous found or to be found lunatic idiot or of unsound mind as aforesaid, or by any other person or persons, shall be and are hereby declared to be as valid and effectual; and such committees and other persons respectively, their Heirs executors and administrators are hereby indemnified in respect of such acts matters and things, from and against all actions, suits, and proceedings, damages, costs, (marges, and expences, to be brough^ commenced, had, or recovered, by the person or persons so found lunatic idiot or of unsound mind, his Her or their heirs executors or administrators, or any other person or persons whomsoever, as fully and effectually as if such inquisition had not been traversable, but no further or otherwise.

[No. X.] 6 Geo. IV. c. 74.—An Act for consolidating

and amending the Laws relating to Conveyances and Transfers of £states and Funds vested in Trustees, who are Infants, Idiots, Lunatics, or Trustees of unsound Mind, or who cannot be compelled or refuse to act; and also the Laws relating to Stocks and Securities belonging to Infants, Idiots, Lunatics, and Persons of unsound mind. — [27th June 1825.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the seventh year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act to enable Infante who are seised or 7 Aaae, c. 19. possessed of Estates in Fee, in Trust, or by way of Mortgage, to make Conveyances of such Estates: And whereas another Act was passed in the 4. G 3.c 16. ^ourfo ?ear th* re*Sn of Gwff the Third, intituled An Act to enable Infants who are seised of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the Duchy of Lancaster, or the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, or Durham, or the Principality of Wales, in Fee, or for the Life or Lives of one or more other Person or Persons in Trust, or by way of mortgage, to make Conveyances of such Estates by Order of the Court of the Duchy Chamber of Lancaster, of the Court of Exchequer of the County Palatine of Chester, of the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Lancaster, of the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Durham, and of the Courts of Great &ssions in the Principality of Wales: And whereas another Act was passed in the fourth year of the reign of King George the Second, 4 G 2 10 ‘Huituled An Act to enable Idiots and Lunatics who are seised or possessed of

4 i. c. i . Estates in Tee, or for Lives or terms of Tears, in Trust or by way of Mortgage, to make Conveyances Surrenders or Assignments of such Estate; And whereas another Act was passed in the first and second years of the reign 1 & 2 G. 4. c. of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Conveyance, Surrender, 114, and Assignment of Estates in Fee, for Lives or Terms of Years, which shall

be vested in Trust, cr by way of Mortgage, in Idiots and Lunatics, not having been found such by Inquisition: And whereas another Act was passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of King George the Third, 336G. 3. C.90. intituled An Act for the Relief of Persons equitably arid beneficially entitled to or inlei'ested in the several Stocks and Annuities transferable at the Bank of England; And whereas another Act was passed in the fifty-second

Class VI.] Conveyances by Infants, Lunatics, tfc.

year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the Re> lief of Infant Suitors in Courts of Equity, entitled to Stock or Annuities in any of the Public or other Funds, transferable at the Bank of England: And whereas another Act was passed in the same fifty-second year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of His present Majesty for the Relief of'Persons equitably entitled to Slocks and Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, and of an Act passed in the present Session, for the Relief of Infant Suitors entitled to the like Sloftcs and Annuities, to all other transferable Stocks and Funds: And whereas another Act was passed in the fifty-seventh year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to extend certain Provisions of the Acts of the thirty-sixth and fifty-second years of the reign of His present Majesty, to Matters of Charity and Friendly Societies: And whereas another Act was passed in the said first and second years of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize the Transfer of Stocks and Payment of Dividends of Lunatics residing out of England: And whereas it is expedient that the provisions of the said recited Acts should be consolidated and amended; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Loras Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said several recited Acts shall be and the same are hereby repealed; save only and except as to such proceedings under any of such recited Acts respectively as shall have been commenced before the passing of this Act, and which shall and may be continued and proceeded in under the authority of and according to the provisions of the said recited Acts respectively, or under the authority of and according to the provisions in this Act, as shall be most expedient II. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any person or persons seised or possessed of any lands tenements or hereditaments, or other property, or any estate or interest therein, upon any trust or trusts, or by way of mortgage, shall be under the age of twenty-one years, it shall be lawful for such infant or infants, by the direction of the Court of Chancery or Exchequer, or if such lands tenements or hereditaments be situate within the Duchy of Lancaster, or the counties palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham respectively, or the principality of Wales, by the direction of the Court of the Duchy Chamber of Lancaster 9 of the Court of Exchequer of the county jalatine of Chester, the Court of Chancery of the county palatine of Lancaster, the Court of Chancery of the county palatine of Durham, and the several Courts of Great Sessions in Wales respectively, to convey, release, surrender, assign, or otherwise assure such lands tenements or hereditaments, or property or estate, or interest therein, tos such person or persons, ana in such manner as the said courts respectively shall think proper and direct; and every such conveyance, release, surrender, assignment, or assurance shall be as valid and effectual, to all intents and purposes, as if the said person or persons, being an infant or infants, were at the time of executing the same of the full age of twenty-one years.

III. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any person or persons seised or possessed of any lands tenements or hereditaments, or other property, or any estate or interest therein, upon any trust or trusts, or by way of mortgage, shall be idiot lunatic or of unsound mind, it shall be lawful for the committee or committees of such person or persons, or any Person or persons to be appointed as herein-after is mentioned, in the name or names of such person or persons, being idiot lunatic or of unsound mind, by the direction of the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain, being intrusted by virtue of the King’s sign manual with the care and commitment of the custody of the persons and estates of persons found lunatic idiot or of unsound mind, to convey, release, surrender, assign, or otherwise assure such lands, tenements, hereditaments, or property, or estate on interest, to such person or persons,

358 c No. X.

6 Geo. IV. c.74.

52 G. 3.C.32. 52 G. 3. c. 158.

57 G. 3. c.39.

1 &2G.4. c.15.

Recited Acts repealed, except as to proceedings which bare been commenced.

Infant Trustees or Mortgagees empowered to convey by the Direction of Court of Chancery or Exchequer, &c«

Trustees or Mortgagees be. ing Idiots or Lunatics, or their Committees, or the Persons to be appointed by virtue of the Act, empowered to convey by direction of the Lord Chancellor, &c»

3$8 d

No. X.

6 Geo. IV.

c.74.

Lord Chancellor, &c., before Inquisition, may appoint a Person to con* vey.

Where Trustees or Mortgagees are out of the jurisdiction of the Court, or it be uncerrsin whether they are alive, or they refuse to convey, the Court of Chancery or Exchequer may appoint a Perm to con* vey.

Lord Chancellor, &c., em. powered to appoint a Person to transfer Stocks or Funds standing in the name of a Lunatic Trustee, and receive and

Kiy over the ividends.

Conveyances by Iirfanis, Lunatics, Jfc. [Part II.

and in such manner at the Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain, intrusted as aforesaid respectively, shall think proper and direct; and every such conveyance, -release, surrender, assignment, or assurance shall be as valid and effectual to all intents and purposes as if the person or persons, being idiot lunatic or of unsound mind, had been, at the time of the execution thereof, of sane mind memory and understanding, and had by himself herself or themselves executed the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as the person or persons seised or possessed as aforesaid, being idiot lunatic or of unsound mind, shall not have been found Bach by inquisition, it shall be lawful for the said Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain, intrusted as aforesaid, to order or appoint such person or persons as to the said Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Commissioners shall seem meet, on behalf of the person or persons being idiot lunatic or of unsound mind (but not having been found such by inquisition), to convey, release, surrender, assign, or otherwise assure such lands} tenements, hereditaments, or property, or estate, or interest, as herein-before is mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any person or persons seised or possessed of any lands tenements or hereditaments, or other property, or any estate or interest therein, upon any trust or trusts, or by way of mortgage, shall be out of the jurisdiction of or not amenable to the process of the Court of Chancery or Exchequer, or it shall be unknown or uncertain whether he she or they he living or dead, or such person or persons shall refuse to convey or otherwise assure such lands, tenements, hereditaments, or property, or estate, or interest, to the person or persons entitled thereto^ or as ne she or they shall direct, or to a new trustee or trustees duly appointed by virtue of some power or authority, or by the Court of Chancery or Exchequer, either alone or together with any continuing trustee or trustees, as occasion shall require, then and in every or any such case it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery or Exchequer to appoint such person or persons as to such Court shall seem meet, on behalf and in the name or names of the person or persons seised or possessed as aforesaid, to convey, surrender, release, assign, or otherwise assure the said lands, tenements, hereditaments, or property, or estate, or interest^ to such person or persons, and in such manner as the said Court shall think proper and direct; and every such conveyance, release, surrender, assignment, or assurance shall be as valid and effectual to all intents and purposes, as if the person or persons, being out of the jurisdiction or not amenable to the process uf the said Courts, or not Known to be alive, or having refused, and by himself herself or themselves executed the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any stocks, funds, annuities, or securities, transferrable in the hooks of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the Smith Sea Company, or the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or any other company or society established or to be established, shall be standing in the name of or otherwise vested in any person or persons as a trustee or trustees, or the legal personal representative of a trustee or trustees, who shall be idiot lunatic or of unsound mind, either alone ur jointly with any other trustee or trustees, representative or representatives, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain, ini rusted as aforesaid (whether such trustee or trustees shall or shall not have been found idiot lunatic or of unsound mind by inquisition), to order and appoint such person or persons as to the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Commissioners shall seeui meet, being an officer of such company or society, to transfer or join with the other trustee or trustees, representative or representatives (if any), in transferring such stocks, funus, annuities, or securities, to or into the name or names of such person and persons, and in such manner as the said Lord Chancellor Lord j^eepe^CommisClous VI.] Conveyances by Ii\funts$ Lunatics, , fyc. c. 258 e

sieners shall think proper and direct; and also to order any person or No. X. persons appointed as aforesaid to receive and pay over the interest divi- g Qeo jy dends or annual produce of such stocks, funds, annuities, and securities, c. *4 in such manner as the Bald Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Couunis-’' sioners shall direct; and every such transfer receipt and payment shall y^~Y* be as valid and effectual as if the trustee or trustees, representative or representatives, being idiot lunatic or of unsound mind, ' had been of sane mind memory and understanding, and had by himself herself or themselves transferred received an(l paid such stocks, funds, annuities, or securities, or interest, dividends and annual produce.

VII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any stocks, Where TYim-funds, annuities, or securities, transferable as aforesaid, shall be stand- teeiiw tffct of ing in the name of or otherwise vested iu any person or persons as a the JanadktuA trustee or trustees, or the legal personal representative of a trustee or trustees, who shall be out of the jurisdiction of, or not amenable to the process of the Court of Chancery or Exchequer, or it shall be unknown gjul or uncertain whether such person or persons be living or dead, or such *h te

person or personsshall refuse to transfer such stocks, funds, annuities, or trl^f9t Stocks securities, or receive and pay ov&r the dividends thereof, to the person or or jr ^, persons entitled thereto, or as he she or they shall direct, or to a new cotlrt of Chao* trustee or trustees, duly appointed by virtue of some power or authority, cery or Etent < or by the Court of Chancery or Exchequer, cither alone or together with qUer may ap* any continuing trustee or trustees (as occasion shall require), (hen and point a Person in every such case it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery or Exchc* to transfer quer to appoint such person or persons as to the said Court shall seem them, meet, being an officer of such company or society, to transfer or join with the other trustee or trustees, representative or representatives (if any), in transferring such stocks, funds, annuities, or securities, to, or into the name or names of such person or persons, and in such manner as such Court of Chancery or Exchequer shall think proper and direct, and also to order any person or persons appointed as aforesaid, to receive and pay over the interest dividends or annual produce of such stocks, funds, annuities, and securities, in such manner as the said Court of Chancery or Exchequer .shall direct; and every such transfer receipt and payment shill be as valid and effectual as if the trustee or trustees, representative or representatives, had by himself herself and themselves transferred received and paid such stocks, funds, auuuities or securities, or interest, dividends, and annual produce.

ViII. And be it funner enacted, That every direction order or appoiut- Ertiy direction ment to be made iu pursuance of this Act, by the Court of Chancery or or order of the Exchequer, or by any other Court herein-before mentioned, or by the Court of Chen* Lord Chancellor Lord Kce|>er or Commissioners of the Great Seal of eery, Jbche-Great Britain, intrusted as aforesaid, shall be signified by an order to be quer, nc^orby made upon the petition of such person or persons as herein-after is men- the chan-tioned; (that is to say), if the same shall relate to a conveyance or other ce*or» *•» assurance, or transfer to any person or persons beneficially entitled, then JV. l"£ upon the petition of the person or persons beneficially entitled to the lands, tenements, hereditaments, stocks, funds, annuities, securities, or mwj# w pfa property, or estate, or interest, to be conveyed assured or transferred; tition, ana if the same shall relate to a conveyance or other assurance or transfer, in order to vest any lands, rents, hereditaments, property, stocks, funds, annuities, or securities, in a new trustee or trustees duly appointed by virtue of some power or authority, or by the Court of Chancery or Exchequer, either alone or together with any continuing trustee or trustees, then upon the petition of the trustee or trustees in whom the same shall be proposed to be vested, or some or one of them; and if the same shall relate to the conveyance or other assurance of an estate in in* rt-gage, then u|K>n the petition of the person or persons entitled to the equity of redemption thereof, or some or one of the person or persons entitled to the monies thereby secured, or some or one of the guardian or guardians of the person or persons entitled to such monies, if an infant or^ infants, or the committee or committees of such person or persons?(bC idiot lunatic or of unsound mind.

358/

No. X.

6 Geo. IV. c. 74.

Infanu, Idiots, Lunatics, their

Committees, or Persons appointed, may be compelled to

coo vey, transfer, &c.

Act to extend to Trustees baring interest or baring duty to perform, so as to authorize Conreyancee and Transfers to new Trustees.

Act to extend to Petitions in cases of Charity and Friendly Societies.

Court of Chancery or Exchequer may order Dividends of Stocks belonging to Infants to be paid to ‘Guardians for maintenance.

Conveyances by Infants, Lunatics, b; c. [Part II.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons being an infant or infonts, and all and every person and persons being idiot lunatic or of unsound mind, or the committee or Committees of any such person or persons, and all and every the person or persons who shall be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall and may be empowered and compelled, by the order to be obtained as herein-before is mentioned, to make such conveyance or conveyances, or other assurance or assurances, or transfer or transfers, payment or payments as aforesaid, in like manner as trustees of full age and of sane mind memory and understanding, are compellable to convey or otherwise assure or transfer and pay over their trust estates or funds.

X. And be it further enacted, That the several provisions hereinbefore contained shall extend and be construed to extend to cases in which a trustee or trustees may have some beneficial estate or interest in the lands, tenements, hereditaments, property, stocks, funds, annuities, or securities vested in him her or them, as aforesaid, and also to cases in which the trustee or trustees may have some duty or duties to performi so as to enable conveyances and other conveyances and tranfers to be made, in order to vest any lands, tenements, hereditaments, property, stocks, funds, annuities, or securities in a new trustee or trustees, duly appoipted in the place of such trustee or trustees, by virtue of some power or authority, or by the Court of Chancery or Exchequer, either alone or jointly with any continuing trustee or trustees (as the case may require.)

XI. And be it further enacted, That the provisions herein-before contained shall extend and be construed to extend to all cases of petitions in which the Court of Chancery, or the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain, or the Master of the Rolls, or the Vice Chancellor of England, or the Court of Exchequer, are by law authorized and empowered to grant relief and make summary orders without suit, either in matters of tfiarity, or relative to or for the better security, or for the application, receipt, payment, or transfer, of any of the funds thereof, or in matters relative to any benefit or friendly societies, or for the better security, or for the application, receipt, payment, or transfer of any of the funds thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery or Exchequer, by an order to be made on the petition of the guardian or guardians, or next friend of any infant in whose name any stocks, funds, annuities, or securities transferable, or which shall or may hereafter be made transferable in the hooks of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Englandor of any other company or society established or to be established, shall be standing, or in whose name any sum or sums of money shall be standing in virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament for paying off any such fund annuity or security, and who shall be beneficially entitled thereto, to order and direct all or any part of the interest dividends and annual produce due or to become due in respect of such stocks, fuuds, securities, or annuities, or any such sum or sums of money, to be paid to any guardian or guardians of such infant or iuf&nts respectively, or to any oilier person or persons, according to the discretion of such Courts respectively, to or for the maintenance and education, or otherwise for the use and benefit of such infant or infonts, such guardian or guardians, or other person or persons to whom such payment shall be directed to be made, being named in the order directing such payment; and the receipt acquittance or discharge of such guardian or guardians, or other person or persons so named for such dividend or dividends, or sum or sums of money so ordered and directed to be paid to them, or any part thereof, shall be as valid and effectual, to all intents and purposes, to and for the said company or persons paying the same, against such infant or infants to whom such dividend or dividends sum or suras of money, have been or shall be due and belong, his her or their executors administrators or assigns, as if such receipt acquittance, or discharge had been actually signed by such ipfant or infants, softer he she

Class VI.] Conveyances Lunatics, tfc.

or they had actually attained the age of twenty-one yean, and were capa-Lie by law of signing and giving the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any stocks, funds, annuities, or securities transferrable as aforesaid, shall be standing in the name or names of, or shall be vested in any person or persons being idiot lunatic or of unsound mind, who shall be beneficially entitled thereto, or any such stocks, funds, annuities, 'or securities, shall be standing in the name or names of, or otherwise vested in any person or persons oeing committee or comihittees of the estate of a person found idiot lunatic or of unsound mind, in trust for or as part of his or her property, and such committee or committees shall have died intestate, or shall reside out of the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery or Exchequer, or shall himself herself or themselves become lunatic or of unsound mind, or it shall be uncertain or unknown whether such committee or committees be living or dead, then and iu every or any such case, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Br itain, intrusted as aforesaid, upon petition or motion of the committee or committees of the estates of the person or persons being idiot lunatic or of unsound mind, to appoint and order such person as to such Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Commissioners shall seem meet, being an officer of such company or society, to transfer such stocks, funds, annuities, or securities, to or into the name of any new committee or committees or otherwise, and also to receive and pay over the dividends thereof, in such manner as the Lord Chancellor'Lord Keeper, or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain, intrusted as aforesaid, shall think proper and direct; and that such transfers and payments shall be valid and effectual to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

358 g No. X.

6 Geo. IV.

c. 74.

Stock belonging to Lunatic* may in certain

ed by the Lord Chancellor, &c., to be transferred.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any stocks, funds, annuities, or securities, transferrable as aforesaid, shall b>e standing in the name of, or vested in any person residing out of England, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain, intrusted as aforesaid, upon petition and proof being made to his or their satisfaction, that such person has been declared lunatic or of unsound mind, and that his or their personal estate has been vested in a curator or curators, or other person or persons appointed for the management thereof, according to the laws of the place where such person shall reside, to order and appoint such person, being an officer of such company or society, as such Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Commissioners shall seem meet, to transfer such stock, funds, annuities, or securities, or any part or parts thereof, into the name or names of any such curator or curators, or other such person or persons aa aforesaid, or otherwise; and also to receive and pay over the interest dividends and annual produce thereof, as the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Commissioners or Trustees as aforesaid, shall think fit and direct; and that such transfers and payments shall be valid and effectual to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all cases in which orders shall be made by any of the Courts aforesaid, for the transfer of stocks or funds transferrable at the Bank of England, the persons to be named in such orders respectively for making such transfers shall be the Secretary Deputy Secretary or Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England tor the time being, nr one of them, except in cases where one or more of the trustees, in whose names such stocks or funds shall stand, shall be ordered to transfer the same without the concurrence of any other or others of such trustees; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and is hereby declared to be a full and complete indemnity and discharge to the Governor and Company of the bank of England, the South Sea Company, the East India Company, and all other companies and societies, ami their officers and servant *, for a]I acts and things done or permitted to be done

Inc

Stocks shall be standing in the names of persons declared Lunatic, residing out of England, Lord Chancellor, Ac. c., may direct the transfer.

Who shall be named in the Orders of the Court for miking transfers.

Act to be an indemnity to the Hank and other Companies.

368 h

No. XII.

7 Geo. IV.

c. 43.

Cam may be directed to to

CouttfjraHcg* Zy h\)'anU% Im*(Uux% $t. [Part II.

pursuant thereto; and that such acts and things shall not be questioned or impeached in any court of law or equity, to their prejudice or detriment.

XVIC. And be it further enacted, That the Court of Chancery or £x-chequer, Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain, intrusted as aforesaid, may order the costs charges and ex pence* of and relating to the petitions, orders, appointments, conveyances, or other assurances and transfers to be made in pursuance of this Act, or any of them, to be paid and raised out of or from the lands tenements and hereditaments, stocks, funds, annuities, and securities, or the rents, issues, dividends, and annual produce in respect of which the same respectively shall be made, in such manner as the said Court, Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Commissioner, shall think proper.

[No. XI.] 7 Geo. IV. c. 36. An Act to enable incapacitated persons to convey to the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Green-trick, in the county of Kent, certain premises situate in the parish of Greenwich in the said county, and for other purposes relating thereto.—*[5th May lo26.]

2 0.1. (I.)

5 O. 2. (I.)

Where Trustees or Mortgagees of Land in Ireland are out of the Jurisdiction of the Court, or refuse to convey, Ac, the Court of Chancery or Exchequer there may appoint a Person to convey.

[No, XII.] 7 Geo. 4. c. 43.—An Act to amend the laws in force in Ireland relating to Conveyances and Transfers of Estates and Funds vested in Trustee*. — [26th May 1826.]

TINKER&AS an Act was passed in the Parliament of Ireland^ in the second year of the reign of King Georg* the First, intituled An Act to enable Infant* who are tewed or possessed of rotate* in fee, in trust, or by way of mortgage, to make Conveyances of such Estates: And whereas an Act was posed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the fifth year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act to enable Idiots and Lunatics who are seised or possessed of estates in fee, or for lives or terms of years, in trust, or

tway of' mortgage, to make conveyances sutrenders and assignments of ate *, and to prevent delays where Trustees are not found: And whereas it is expedient that further provision should be made for the facilitating the conveyance and transfer of estates and funds in Ireland^ vested in trustees; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Copimons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That when and so often as any person or persons seised or possessed of any lands tenements or hereditaments, or other property in Ireland, or any estate or interest therein, upon any trust or trusts, or by way of mortgage, shall be out of the jurisdiction of, or shall not be amenable to the process of the Court of Chancery or Exchequer in Ireland, or it shall be unknown or uncertain whether such person or arsons be living or dead, or such person or persons shall refuse to convey or otherwise assure such lands, tenements, hereditaments, or property, or estate or interest, to the person or persons entitled thereto, or as such |»erson or peisous shall direct, or to a new trustee or trustees duly appointed by virtue of some power or authority, or by the said Court of Chancery or Exchequer, cither alone or together with any continuing trustee or trustees, as occasion shall require, then and in tvi ry or any such case, it shall be lawful tor such Court of Chancery or Exchequer to appoint such person or persons as to such Court shall sectn meet, on behalf and in the name or names of the person or persons seized or possessed as aforesaid, to Convey, surrender, release, assign, or otherwise assure such lands, tenements, hereditaments, or property, or estate, or interest, to such person or persons, and in such manner as such Court shall think proper and direct; and every such conveyance, release, surrender, assignment, or assurance shall

c. 43.

Court of Chancery er Exdw* quer may appoint PtMM lo ifiullr Stock kl tbt

But aflieM,

4c.

Class VI, ] Cbtt&eyancs* ly Infants, Lunatics, $c. 8581

bs as valid tod effectual to all intents and purposes, as if the person or No, XII.

persons being out of the jurisdiction or not amenable to the process of -v such Courts, or not known to be alive, or having refused, had, by him- Ureo*1V. self, herself, or themselves, executed the same.

II. And be it further enacted, that when and so often as any stocks, funds, annuities, or securities, transferrable in the books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or of any other company or society established or to be established in Ireland, shall be standing in the name of or otherwise vested in any person or persons, as a trustee or trustees, or the legal personal representative of a trustee or trustees, who shall lie out of the jurisdiction ot or not amenable to the process of the Court of Chancery or Exchequer in Ireland, or it shall be unknown or unoertain whether such person or persons be living or dead, or such person or persons shall refuse to transfer such stocks, funds, annuities, or securities, or to receive and pay over the dividends thereof to the person or persons entitled thereto, or as such person or persons shall direct, or to a new trustee or trustees, duly appointed by virtue of some power or authority, or by the said Court of Chancery or Exchequer, either alone or together with any continuing trustee or trustees (as occasion shall require), then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Court ot Chancery or Exchequer to appoint such person or persons as to such Court shall seem meet, being an officer of such company or society, to transfer or join with the other trustee or trustees, or representative or representatives (if any) in transferring such stocks, funds, annuities, or securities to or into the name or names of such person or persons, and in such manner as such Court of Chancery or Exchequer snail think proper and direct; and also to order any person or persons appointed as aforesaid, to receive and pay over the interest dividends or annual produce of such stocks, funds, annuities, and securities, in such manner as such Court of Chancery or Exchequer shall direct; and every such transfer receipt and pay* ment shall be as valid and effectual as if the trustee or trustees, representative or representatives had by himself herself or themselves transferred received and paid such stocks, funds, annuities, or securities, or interest, dividends, and annual produce.

III. And be it further enacted, that every direction, order, or appointment to be mado in pursuance of this Act, by the Court of Chancery or Exchequer, shall be signified by an order to be made upon the petition of such person or persons as herein-after is mentioned; (that is to say), if the same shall relate to a conveyance or other assurance or transfer to any person or persons beneficially entitled, then upon the petition of the person or persons beneficially entitled to the lands, tenements, hereditaments, stocks, funds, annuities, securities, or property, or estate or in* terest, to be conveyed, assured or transferred; and if the same shall relate to a conveyance or other assurance or transfer, in order to vest any lands, rents, hereditaments, property, stocks, funds, annuities, or securities, in a new trustee or trustees duly appointed by virtue of some power or authority, or by the Court of Chancery or Exchequer, either alone or together with* any continuing trustee or trustees, then upon the petition of the trustee or trustees in whom the same shall be proposed to be vested, or some or one of them; and if the same shall relate to the conveyance or other assurance of an esUte in mortgage, then upon the petition of the person or persons entitled to the equity of redemption thereof, or some or one of the person or persons entitled to the monies thereby secured, or some or one of the guardian or guardi&Of of the person or persons entitled to such monies, if an infant or infants.

IV. And be it further enacted, that every person who shall be ap- Persons appointed by virtue of this Act, shall and may be empowered and com* painted may be pelled, by the order to be obtained as herein-before is mentioned, to make compelled to such conveyance or conveyances or oilier assurance or assurances, or comrey or trans-transfer or transfers, or payment or payments as aforesaid, in like manner f«r, 4c.

as trustees of full age and of sane mind memory and understanding, are i

Orders of the Courts under Authority of thia Act shell be made upon Petition of certain Parties.

358 k

No. xra.

9 Geo. IV. c. 78.

Act shall extend to Trustees having beneficial Interest, or having Duty to perform, so as to authorize Conveyances and Transfers to new Trustees:

And to Petitions in Cases of Charity and Friendly SociIndemnity to the Bank and other ComCosts may be divected to he paid.

Conveyances by Infants, lunatics, [Part II.

compellable to convey or otherwise assure or transfer and pay over their trust estates or funds.

V. And be it further enacted, that the several provisions herein-before contained shall extend and be construed to extend to cases in which a trustee or trustees may hove some beneficial estate or interest in the lands, tenements, hereditaments, property, stocks, funds, annuities, or securities, vested in him her or them, as aforesaid, and also to cases in which the trustee or trustees may have some duty or duties to perform, so as to enable conveyances and other transfers to be made, in order to vest any lands, tenements, hereditaments, property, stocks, funds, annuities, or securities, in a new trustee or trustees duly appointed, in the place of such trustee or trustees, by virtue of some power or authority, or by the Court of Chancery or Exchequer in Ireland\ either alone or jointly with any continuing trustee or trustees, as the case may require.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the provisions herein-before contained shall extend and be construed to extend to all cases of petitions in which the Court of Chancery or the Court of Exchequer in Ireland are by law authorized and empowered to grant relief, and make summary orders without suit, either in matters of charity, or relative to or for the better security, or for the application, receipt, payment, or transfer of any of the funds thereof, or in matters relative to any benefit or friendly societies, or for the better security, or for the application, receipt, payment, or transfer of any of the funds thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and is hereby declared to be a full and complete indemnity and discharge to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and all other companies and societies, ana their officers and servants, for all acts and things done or permitted to be done pursuant thereto; and that such acts ana things shall not be questioned or impeached in any court of law or equity to their prejudice or detriment.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Court of Chancery or Exchequer in Ireland may order the costs charges and expences or and relating to the petitions, orders, appointments, conveyances, or other assurances and transfers to be made in pursuance of this Act, or any of them, to be paid and raised out of or from the lands tenements and hereditaments, stocks funds annuities and securities, or the rents, issues, dividends, and annual produce, in respect of which the same respectively shall be made, in such manner as such Court shall think proper.

[No. XIII.] 9 Geo. IV. c. 7$.—An Act for extending the Acts passed in the Forty-third and Fifty-ninth years of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the Sale and Mortgage of Estates of persons found Lunatics by Inquisition taken in England and Ireland, so as to authorize such Sale and Mortgage for some purposes; and for rendering Inquisitions on Commissions of Lunacy taken in England available in Ireland, and like Inquisitions taken in Ireland available in England. — [25th July 1828.]

TATHERRAS an Act was passed in the forty-third year of the reign of T His late Majesty King George the Third, to authorize the sale mortgage, charge, or incumbrance of the estates of persons found lunatic by inquisition in England or Ireland respectively; and the said Act was extended by an Act passed in the fifty-ninth year of the same reign: And whereas it is desirable that the powers of sale, mortgage, charge, and incumbrance of the estates of persons found lunatic or of unsound mind, and incapable of managing their affairs which were given by the said Acts, should not be confined to the objects expressed in thetit&$nf the

3581 No. XIII.

9 Geo. IV. c. 76.

So much of recited Acts as authorise the Sale, Mortgage, or other Imposition of Estates of Lunatics in certain Cases,

the Lord Chancellor, Ac. c. shall direct.

Class VI.] Conveyances by Infants, Lunatics, t$c.

said Acts; but that, for the purpose of providing a fund by means of which better provision may be made for such persons, or their estates may be improved, or other beneficial objects may be effected, more extended powers of sale and mortgage of such estates should be given: Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Loras Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That such of the powers and provisions contained in the said recited Acts as authorize the sale, mortgage, charge, incumbrance, or other disposition of estates belonging to persons found and to be found lunatic or of unsound mind, ana incapable of managing their aiFairs, and the doing and executing all such acts, deeds, surrenders, and assurances, for effectuating any such sale, mortgage, charge, incumbrance, or other disposition, may extend to the sale, mortgage, charge, incumbrance, or other disposi- ^deatoau-tion of such estates, for the purposes of raising money for payment of the thorize Sales, debts and engagements of such lunatics, the discharge of any incum- tQy brances on their estates, the costs of applying for and obtaining the Purpose which Commission of Lunacy, and in opposition thereto, and all proceedings ' ~

under the same commission, or incurred by any person or persons under the order of such Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain and of Ireland respectively, being intrusted by virtue of the King's sign manual with the care and commitment of the custody of the persons and estates of persons found lunatic or of unsound mind, and incapable of managing their affairs, and the costs of such sales, mortgages, charges, and incumbrances, and other dispositions, or for any of suen purposes as such Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners shall respectively direct; and that the monies arising from any such sale, mortgage, charge, incumbrance, or other disposition may be paid laid out and applied in payment of the debts and engagements of such lunatics, the discharge of any incumbrances on their estates, the costs of applying for and obtaining the Commission of Lunacy, and in opposition thereto, and all proceedings under the same Commission, or incurred by any person or persons under the order of such Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Lord Commissioners, and the costs of such sales, mortgages, charges, and incumbrances, and other dispositions, in such manner as the said Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners, intrusted as aforesaid, shall direct.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That on any sale, mortgage, charge, incumbrance, or other disposition which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, the person whose estate shall be so sold, mortgaged, charged, incumbered, or otherwise disposed of, and his or her heirs, next of kin, devisees, legatees, executors, administrators, or assigns, shall have such and the like interest in the money raised by such sale, mortgage, charge, incumbrance, or other disposition, and which shall not be wholly applied and exhausted for the purposes aforesaid, or otherwise, in pursuance of this Act, as he she or they would have had in the estate by the sale, mortgage, charge, incumbrance, or other disposition of which such money shall be raised, if no such sale, mortgage, charge, incumbrance, or other disposition had been made, and such money shall be of the same nature and character as the estate so sold, mortgaged, charged, incumbered, or disposed of; and it shall be lawful for the said Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the custody of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom and of Ireland respectively, being intrusted as aforesaid, to make such orders, and to direct such acts and deeds to be done and executed, as shall be necessary for carrying the aforesaid objects into effect, and for the due application of such surplus monies.

III. And whereas it is desirable that in some cases inquisitions taken in England on a commission in the nature of a writ de lunatico inqui-rendo, and writs of supersedeas of any such commission, should be acted Seri of Great Briuio, and Writs of Supersedeas thereon, to be transmitted and entered of Record Ireland, and acted on there; and sice versL

The Person whose Estate is so sold shall btve the like Interest in the Money raised by suen Stle ae he would have had in the Estate sold.

Lord Chancellor, Ac. c. to make the necessary Orders.

Inquisitions on Coinmitxions under the Great

$58 m Conveyance* by Infant *, Lunatict, [Part 11.

No XIII. ttfoo m Ireland in the Mine manner u the nma may be acted upon in

* , v England, and for that purpose should be placed on record in Ireland; and

9 " lv' that inquisitions on a like commission executed m Ireland, and writs of

c* supersedeas of any such commission, should be acted on in England,

and for that purpose should be placed on record there; be it therefore enacted, That in all cases where any person has been or shall he found lunatic or of unsound mind, and incapable of managing his or her affairs, by any inquisition on a commission in the nature of a writ de lunatico inquirendo under the Great Seal of Great Britain, it shall be lawful for the proper officer, by order of the Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, intrusted as aforesaid, to transmit a transcript of the record of such inquisition to the Chancery of Ireland, and such transcript shall thereupon be entered of record, and be as of record there; and in case a writ of supersedeas of any such commission shall issue, the issue of such writ shall be certified and transmitted and recorded in like manner; and the copies of the record of any such inquisition or supersedeas, so transmitted and entered as of record in the Chancery of Ireland, shall, if the Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the custody of the Gnat Seal of Ireland, intrusted as aforesaid, shall see fit, and so long only at he or they shall so see fit, be acted upon by him or them respectively, and be of the same force and validity, and have the same effect, to all intents and purposes, in Ireland, as if such inquisition had been taken on a commission under the Great Seal of Ireland; and such writ of super* sedeas had been issued under the Great Seal of Ireland; and that in all cases where any person has been or shall be found lunatic or of unsound mind, and incapable of managing his or her affairs, by any inquisition on a commission In the nature of a writ de lunatico inquirendo under the Great Seal of Ireland, it shall be lawful for the proper officer, by order of the Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the custody of the Great Seal of Ireland, intrusted as aforesaid, to transmit a transcript thereof in like manner to the Chancery of England, and such transcript shall thereupon be entered as of recurd there; and in case a writ of supersedeas of any such commission shall issue, a transcript thereof shall be certified and transmitted to the Chancery of England, and recorded in like manner; and such entry of record of any suen Inquisition or supersedeas shall, if the Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, intrusted as aforesaid, shall see fit, and so long only as he or theyehall so see fit, be acted upon by him or them respectively, and be of the same force and validity, and have the same force and effect, as it such inquisition had been taken on a commission under the Great Seal of Great Britain, and such writ of supersedeas had been issued under the Great Seal of Great Britain.

1 by

cia»vn.]

36t

PART II.

CLASS VII.

FRAUDULENT CONVEYANCES.

[No. I.] 60 Edward III. c. 6.—Fraudulent Assurances of Lands or Goods to deceive Creditors shall be void.

" ITEM, because that divers people inherit of divers tenements, bor- 50 Edw, IIL 44 rowing divers goods in 'money or in merchandize of divers people e. 6.

of this realm, do give their tenements and chattels to their friends, by Rast. 19T.

collusion thereof to have the profits at their will, and after do flee to the Dyer, 296.

franchise of Westminster, of St. Martin le Grand of London, or other fits Eitqitka such privileged places, and there do live a great time with an high 58, 108.

countenance’of another man’s goods and profits of the said tenements and chattels, till the said creditors shall be bound to takev a small " parcel of their debt, and release the remnant‘ it is ordained and assented, That if it be found that such gifts be so made by collusion. Enforct<i 4 that the said creditors shall have execution of the said tenements and 2 R, 2. at. 2.

4 chattels, as if no such gift had been made.’ c. 3.

3 H. 7. c. 4. 13 El. c. 5. -which make fraudulent deeds raid.

[No. II.] 2 Richard II. stat. 2, c. 3.—Fraudulent Deeds 0

made by Debtors to avoid their Creditors shall be void. Dye£295?

[The Statute relates to persons taking sanctuary in places privileged by 50 Ed. 3. c.

the church.]

[No. III.] 3 Henry VII. c. 4.—All Deeds of Gift made to defraud Creditors shall be void.

4 ITEM, That where oftentimes deeds of gift of goods and chattels have 3 H. V1IL 4 been made, to the intent to defraud their creditors of their duties, c- 4.

4 and that the person or persons that maketh the said deed of gift goeth 50 Ed. 3. e. dr to sanctuary or other places privileged, and occupieth and Irveth 2 R. 2. «UL %$ 4 with the said goods and chattels, their creditors being unpaidIt is c. 3. ordained enacted and established, by the assent of the Lords Spiritual’and Temporal, and at the request of the Commons in the said Parliament assembled, and by authority of the same, . That all deeds of gift of goods and chattels made or to be made of trust, to the use of that person or persons that made the same deed of gift, be void and of none effect.

[No. IV.] 13 Elizabeth, c. 5.—An Act against Fraudulent Deeds, Alienations, &c.

4 Tf*0& the avoiding and abolishing of feigned covinous and fraudulent 13 Efu. c# 5,

4 A feoffments gifts grants alienations conveyances bonds suits judg- u 7 *

ments and executions, as well of lands and tenements as of goods and chattels more commonly used and practised in these days man hath TTssdim^ to been seen or heard of heretofore: which feoffments gifts grants aliens- aroy

tions conveyances bonds suits judgments and executions, have been and of other* hall be void, and die penalties of the parties to such Fraudulent Awunnces. 2 Bul*r. 218.

* See note at the end of the Chun

Fraudulent Conveyances. [Part II.

are devised and contrived of malice fraud covin collusion or guile, (1) to the end purpose and intent to delay hinder or defraud creditors and

others of their just and lawful actions suits debts accounts damages penalties forfeitures hcriots mortuaries and reliefs, not only to the let

or hindrance of the due course and execution of law and justice, but

also to the overthrow of all true and plain dealing bargaining and chevisance between man and man, without the which no commonwealth or civil society can be maintained or continued/

II. Be it therefore declared ordained and enacted by the authority of this present Parliament, That all and every feoffment gift grant alienation bargain and conveyance of lands tenements hereaitaments goods and chattels, or of any of them, dr of any lease rent common or other profit or charge out of the same lands tenements hereditaments goods and chattels or any of them, by writing or otherwise, and all and every bond suit judgment and execution, at any time had or made sithence the be ginning of the Queen's Majesty's reign that now is, or at any time here *

2 Leon. 9, 223. after to be had or made, to or for any intent or purpose before declared and expressed, shall be from henceforth deemed and taken (only as against that person or persons his or their heirs successors executors administrators and assigns and every of them, whose actions suits debts accounts damages penalties forfeitures heriots mortuaries and reliefs, by such guileful coVinous or fraudulent devices and practices as is aforesaid, are shall or might be in anywise disturbed hindered delayed or defrauded) to be clearly and utterly void frustrate and of none effect; any pretence colour feigned consideration expressing of use, or any other matter or thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

Bac, V. 2—601, Vin. V. 13-533. 10 Co. 56.

All Fraudulent Conveyances made to avoid the debt or duly of others shall be void. Hast. 207.

27 EL c. 4.

2RolL493. Latch. 222. Dyer, 295, 350. 3 Coke, 80.

A Co. 60.

8 Co. 171.

9 Co. 108.

Co. Lit. 76, a.

1 Leon. 47, 308. Web. 72.

Cro. EL 810.

irtie forfeiture of the parties to fraudu lent Deeds.

Coke, pla. 162. Hob. 166. Dyer, 351. Cro. El. 645. Cro. Jac. 270,

Who shall have the Forfeiture, and by what means.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the parties to such feigned covinous or fraudulent feoffment gift grant alienation bargain conveyance bonds suits judgments executions and other things before expressed, and being privy and knowing of the same or any of them, which at any time after the tenth day of June next coming^ shall wittingly and willingly put in ure avow maintain justify or defend the same or any of them, as true simple and done, had or made bona fide and upon good consideration; or shall alien or assign any the lands tenements goods leases or other things before mentioned, to him or them conveyed as is aforesaid, or any part thereof, '.shall incut: the penalty and forfeiture of one year's value of the said lands tenements and Hereditaments, leases rents commons or other profits of or out of the same, and the whole value of the said goods and chattels, and also so much money as are or shall be contained in any such covinous and feigned bond; (2) the one moiety whereof to be to the Queen's Majesty her heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the party or parties grieved by such feigned and fraudulent feoffment gift grant alienation bargain conveyance oonds suits judgments executions leases rents commons profits charges and other things aforesaid, to be recovered in any of the Queen’s courts of record by action of debt bill plaint or information, wherein no essoin protection or wager of law shall be admitted for the defendant or defendants; and also being thereof lawftilly convicted, shall suffer imprisonment for one half-year without bail or

mainprise.

(I) The confessing judgment to s particular creditor for a large sum beyond his debt, with s defeasance that execution should only issue for the amount of the debts due to all the creditors, to whom a rateable distribution should be made, is Hot fraudulent within the statute, although it may have the effect of depriving a particular Creditor of part of his debt.—Meux v. Howell, 4E. 1; and where G. a debtor to plaintiff being sued by plaintiff, pending the suit, and before —being insolvent, executed an assignment of all his effects to trustees for the benefit of all his creditors, under which possession wan immediately taken; held that the assignment was not fraudulent within this statute, although made with the design of delaying the plaintiff's execution. Pickstock v. Lyster, 3 M. 8c . 571.

(2) The word Bond extends to fraudulent feoffments judgments, fitc. mentioned in the other parts of the clause.—Semble Meux v. Howell, ub. supra.

Class VII.] Fraudulent Conveyances. 361

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority afore- bjo. IV,

said, That whereas sundry common recoveries of lands tenements and jg jg|«z hereditaments have heretofore been bad, and hereafter may be had against tenant iii tail or other tenant of the freehold, the reversion or _ M remainder, or the right of reversion or remainder, then being in any

other person or persons; that every such common recovery heretofore Common Reco* had and hereafter to be had, of any lands tenements or hereditaments, reries against shall, as touching such person and persons which then had any remainder Tenants of or reversion, or right or remainder or reversion, and against the heirs of freehold, every of them, stand remain and be of such like force and effect, and of none other, as the same should have been if this Act had never been had ne made.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority afore- Making an E#-said. That this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend to tate whereby make void any estate or conveyance, by reason whereof any person or voucher may persons shall use any voucher m any writ of Formedon, now depending be used in % or hereafter to be depending, but that all and every such vouchers in any Fanned *, writ of Formedon shall stand and be in like force and effect as if this Act

had never been had ne made; any thing before in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Elates made this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend to any estate upon good or interest in lands tenements hereditaments leases rents commons consideration* profits goods or chattels, had made conveyed or assured, or hereafter to and bona fide* be had made conveyed or assured, which estate or interest is or shall be

upon good consideration and bona fide lawfully conveyed or assured to any person or persons or bodies politick or corporate not having at the time of such conveyance or assurance to them made any manner of notice or knowledge of such covin fraud or collusion as is aforesaid; any thing before mentioned to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

VII. This Act to endure unto the end of the first session of the next Parliament. 50 Ed. 3, c. 6. 2 R. 2, Stat. 2, c. 3. 3 H. 7, c. 4. Made perpetual by 29 Eliz. c. 5. See 27 Eliz. c. 4.

5SSESSBBBBSS5pBSBBS

No. V.] 13 Elizabeth, c. 10.—Fraudulent Deeds by

Spiritual Persons, to defeat their Successors of Remedy for Dilapidations, shall be void.

It provides a remedy for the successor against the predecessor having made a fraudulent gift to defeat him for dilapidations. It prescribes what conveyances and for what time spiritual persons may make of their lands, tithes^ &c. That no new lease shall be made unless the first expires, etc. within three years, &c. See 14 Eliz. c. 11, s. 17, &c.

[See the next Class.]

[No. VI.] 18 Elizabeth, c. 11.—An Act for the Explanation of the Statutes, intituled, Against Defeating of .Dilapidations, and against Leases to be madd of Spiritual Promotions in some Respects,

[See the next Class.]

[No. VII.] 27 Elizabeth, c. 4.—An Act against covinous and fraudulent Conveyances.

* FORASMUCH as not only the Queen’s most excellent Majesty, but 27 Elis. c.4.

A also divers of her Highness’s good and loving subjects, and bodies - ' *

* politick and corporate, after conveyances obtained or to be pbttam^ exfm (> *

4 and purchases made or to be made, of lands tenements leases estates

362

No. VEL

37 Eliz, c. 4.

50 Ed. 3. c. 6.

2 R.2. sut.2. c. 3.

3H.7.&4. Fraudulent Conveyances made to deceive Purchasers shall be void. Moor, 602. pL 833, 615. pL 843.

I Roll. 167. Lane, 47. Bridgm.22. Goldsb. 8. pL 11.

3 Co. 80.

5 CO. 60.

6 Co. 72.

II Co. 74.

Cro. EL 44. Cro. Jac. 168. Vin. V. 13-526. Cok. Entr. 677. Hob. 166.

The Penalty of the parties to Fraudulent Conveyances, who do avow hte same.

Fraudulent Conveyances. [Pari II *

and hereditaments, for money or other good considerations, may have

* incur and receive great loss and prejudice by reason of fraudulent and .< covinous conveyances estates gifts grants charges and limitations of uses heretofore made, or hereafter to be made of in or out of lands tenements or hereditaments so purchased or to be purchased; which said grants charges estates uses and conveyances were, or hereafter shall be meant and intended by the parties that so make the same to *be fraudulent and covinous, of purpose and intent to deceive such as

* have purchased or shall purchase the same; or else by the secret in* tent of the parties the same he to their own proper use, and at their

free disposition, coloured nevertheless by a feined countenance and

shew of words and sentences, as though the same were made bona fide for good causes, and upon just and lawful considerations

II. For remedy of which inconveniences, and for the avoiding of such fraudulent feined and covinous conveyances gifts grants charges uses and estates, and for the maintenance of upright and just dealing in the purchasing of lands tenements and hereditaments; Be it ordained and enacted by the authority of this present Parliament, That all and every conveyance grant charge lease estate incumbrance and limitation of use or uses of in or out of any lstnds tenements or other hereditaments what* soever, had or made any time heretofore sithence the beginning of the Queen's Majesty's reign that now is, or at any time hereafter to be had or made, for the intent and of purpose to defraud and deceive such person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, as have purchased or snail afterwards purchase in lee-simple fee-tail for life lives or years, the same lands tenements and hereditaments, or any part or parcel thereof, so formerly conveyed granted leased charged incumbered or limited in use, or to defraud and deceive such as have or shall purchase any rent profit or commodity in or out of the same, or any part thereof, shall be deemed and taken only as against that person ana persons, bodies politick and corporate, his and their heirs successors executors administrators and assigns, and against all and every other person and persons lawfully having or claiming by from or under them, or any of them, which have

Surchased or snail hereafter so purchase for money or other good consi-eration the same lands tenements or hereditaments, or any part or parcel thereof, or any rent profit or commodity in or out of the same, to be utterly void frustrate and of none effect; any pretence colour feined consideration or expressing of any use or uses to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the parties to such feined covinous and fraudulent gifts grants leases charges or conveyances before expressed, or being privy and knowing of the same or any of them, which after the twentieth day of April next coming shall wittingly and willingly put in ure avow maintaip justify or defend the same or any of them, as true simple and done, had or made bona fide, or upon good consideration, to the disturbance or hin-derance of the said purchaser or purchasers, lessees or grantees, or of or to the disturbance or hinderance of their heirs successors executors administrators or assigns, or such as have or shall lawfully claim any thing by from or under them, or any of them, shall incur the penalty and forfeiture of one year’s value of the said lands tenements ana hereditaments, so purchased or charged:the one moiety whereof to be to the Queen's Majesty, her heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the party or parties grieved by such feined and fraudulent gift grant lease conveyance incumbrance or limitation ol use, to be recoverea in any of the Queen's courts of record, by action of debt bill plaint or information, wherein no essoin protection or wager of law shall be. admitted for the defendant or defendants; and also being thereof lawfully convicted, shall suffer imprisonment for one half year, without bail or mainprize.

Conveyances v Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That

mode upon ft*1? Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend or be construed

good consider*- 10 impeach defeat make void or frustrate any conveyance assignment of. twos, and bona fide. Goldib. 118. pL 2. 2 Roll. 305. 3 Co. 83. Di^i1

Class VII.] FVandttlent Conveyances.

363

lease, assurance, grant, charge, lease, estate, interest, or limitation of use or uses, of, in, to, or out of any lands tenements or hereditaments heretofore at any time had or made, or hereafter (6 be had or made upon or for good consideration, and bona fide to any person or persons, bodies politic or coporate; any thing before mentioned to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons have heretofore si thence the beginning of the Queen's Majesty* reign that now is, made, or hereafter shall make any conveyance, gift, grant, demise, charge, limitation of use or uses, or assurance of in or out of any lands tenements or hereditaments, with any clause, provision, article, or condition of revocation determination or alteration, at his or their will or pleasure, of such conveyance, assurance, grants, ftmita-tions of uses, or estates, of in or out of the said lands tenements or hereditaments, or of in or out of any part or parcel of them, contained or mentioned in any writing deed or indenture of such assurance, conveyance, grant, or gilt; and after such conveyance, grant, gift, demise, charge, limitation of uses or assuranoe so made or had, shall or do bargain, sell, demise, grant, convey, or charge, the same lands tenements or hereditaments, or any part or parcel thereof, to any person or persons, bodies politic and corporate, for money or other good consideration paid or given (the said first conveyance, assurance, gift, grant, demise, charge or limitation not by him or them revoked made void or altered, according to the power and authority reserved or expressed unto him or them in and by the said secret conveyance, assurance, gift or grant,) That then the said former conveyance, assuranoe, gift, demise, and giant, as touching the said lands tenements and hereditaments, so after bargained, sold, conveyed, demised, or charged, against the said bargainees, vendees, lessees, grantees, and every of them, their heirs, successors, executors, administrators, and assigns, and against all and every person and persons which have shall or mav lawfully claim any thing by from or under them or any of them, sbali be deemed taken and adjudged to be void frustrate and of none effect, by virtue and force of this present Act.

VI. Provided nevertheless, That no lawful mortgage made or to be made bona fide, and without fraud or covin, upon good consideration, shall be impeached or impaired by force of this Act, but shall stand in the like force and effect as the same should have" done if this Act had never been had or made; any thing in this Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* That all the whole tenor and contents of all statutes merchant and statutes of the staple hereafter to be knowledeed, shall within six months next after such knowlcdging be entered in the office of the clerk of recognisances, taken according to the statute made in the three-and-twcnrietfi year of the reign of the late King Hemty the Eighth, by the siiewing forth of the said statute merchant or statute staple so koowledged note the said clerk; which said clerk of the recognisances shad enter or cause to be entered the same statutes into a book for that purpose to be provided and safely kept by htm, taking eighfpence and no more for every such entry.

No. vn.

S7 Ella, c. 4.

Lands first conveyed with Condition of Revocation, or Alteration, and aLer told for money or other good consideration.

Cro. Jac. 180.

Mortgages lawfully made *

Statute Merchant, fire, shall be entered in the Office of the Clerk of Recognisances. 23 H. *. C. 6.

VIII. And be it funher enacted, that if the party to whom any such TheStatutenot statute merchant or of the staple shall be knowledged, his executors or entered, void administrators do or shall, not within four months next after the know- against the Pur-ledgtng of any such statute, bring and deliver or cause to be brought chaacn anil delivered unto the said clerk, or his deputy or deputies for the time being, all and every such statute and statutes as shall be so knowledaed to him or to his use, whereby and to the intent that the 9aid clerk, nis deputy or deputies, may take and enter & true copy thereof; that then every such statute merchant and of the staple not so entered shall be void frustrate and of none effect against all and every such person and persons, and bodies politic and corporate, their heirs, successors, executors, administrators, and assigns, only, as shall after the knowl«lgingji0‘O< the said statute* or any of them purchase for money or other good consiThs Forfeiture of the Clerk not entering or not endorsing a Statute.

Clerk of the Recognizances9 Fees to search *

Assurances of Lands defeated, and the party in possession at the time of the Statute.

The authority of the Court of Star-Chamber.

Fraudulent Conveyance*. [Part II.

deration, the lands tenements or hereditaments which were liable to the same statute merchant or of the staple, or any part or parcel thereof, or any rent lease or profit of or out of the same.

IX. And if the said clerk or.his deputy or deputies for the time being shall not upon such showing and delivery unto him or them of any statute merchant or of the staple, enter or cause to be entered the same in his said book within the said time of six months, and also endorse upon every such statute so by *hira entered, the day and year of his said entiy, with his or their own name; that then every such clerk failing or defective in that behalf, shall forfeit and lose for every statute merchant and of the staple so brought unto him or them, and not entered and endorsed, or caused to be entered and endorsed as aforesaid, the sum of twenty pounds; the one moiety whereof to be to the Queen's Majesty, her heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them that will sue for the same in any of the Queen's courts of record, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin protection or wager of law shall be allowed.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no clerk of the said recognizances shall or may take, for or in respect of any search to be made for or concerning any statute merchant or of the staple so to be entered as aforesaid, above twopence for one year's search, and so after the rate of twopence for every year and not above, upon pain to forfeit and lose to the party or parties grieved thereby twenty times as much as he shall take contrary to the true meaning of this Act, to be recovered in any of the Queen's Majesty's courts of record, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no protection or wager of law shall be allowed. This Act to continue for the space of ten years, and from thenceforth unto the end of the Parliament then next following. Made perpetual by 39 £1. c. 18. 39.

XI. Provided always, That this Act nor any thing therein contained shall extend or be construed to make good any purchase, grant, lease, charge, or profit, of in or out of'any lands tenements or hereditaments heretofore made void defeated or undone, by reason of any former conveyance grant or assurance, so as the party or parties or their heirs or assigns, which have so defeated or raaae void the same, were in actual possession the first day of this present Parliament, of or in the said lands tenements or hereditaments, whereof or out of which any such purchase, graut, lease, charge, or profit was made.

XII. Provided that this Act nor any thing therein contained, shall extend in any sort to restrain or impair the jurisdiction power or authority of the Court of Star-Chamber.

Note to the Statutes on Fraudulent Conveyances.

Introduction, § 1- The Statutes 13 and 27 Eliz. have been fully commented upon by Mr. Roberts in an express treatise respecting them, of which the editor baa fully availed himself in the view which it taken of the subject in the present note, although veiy materially differing from that gentleman in many of his ideas upon the subject.

The Statutes in question so far as they relate to actual intentional fraud, may, perhaps, be considered as little more than declaratory of the common lew, but their operation extends to several cates in which dispositions, unobjectionable in themselves, are rendered invalid in consequence of the prejudice which third persons might receive by allowing their validity:and the term fraudulent, as used in the statutes, and in the cases which have been decided upon their construction, is in general inflnded to denote no more than an invalidity in certain dispositions, arising from the insufficiency of their consideration, or from other incidental circumstances, in consequence of which they are not allowed to operate in prejudice of other interests, which the statutes were particularly intended to protect, and not to express the immorality of intention, which is understood in the more general and popular signification of th« expression. The kind of fraud, which is the object of the statutes, may therefore, in respect to the original disposition, be commonly expressed by the term voluntary, which, although not used in the statutes, is of general occurrence in the cases that 9 have been decided respecting their operation.

The statute 13 Eliz. is chiefly for the protection of creditors, whose claims do not

Class VII.]

Fraudulent Conveyances.

immediately regard the particular property which is the subject of the disposition impeached as invalid, but who hare a general right to obtain satisfaction by meant of such property, in respect of the personal obligations of the party making the disposition.

The statute 27 Elis, is for the protection of purchasers whose rights hare a direct and immediate relation to the specific subject disposed of or affected by the previous disposition impeached as deficient in legal validity—and* the relief afforded by this sutute is, in some cases, more extensive than that which results from the preceding one.

965

2. In the following view of the subject, 1 shall first endeavour to trace the Division of the

operation of the statutes as they affect real estates, or real and personal estates Subject, equally, reserving the consideration of the law peculiarly affecting the disposition of personal property for a distinct and subsequent examination. In this distribution, real estates are adverted to generally, as comprising all rights in land, although constituting personal property only, in respect to the degree of interest—the substantial distinction between the respective kinds of property, as connected with the present discussion, being, that all interests in real estates, although only amounting to chattels in regard to property, are regulated by actual title, whereas the operation of the law, upon mere personal or moveable property, is more particularly determined by the apparent and oetensible possession.

The invalidity of the dispositions affected by the statutes relates, either I. To the interests intended to be protected, comprising, 1st, Creditors and others who are entitled to the benefit of the sutute 13 EUz.—2d, Purchasers who are protected by 37 Eli*.; or, II. To the nature and character of dispositions which are impeached as fradulent, on account of their being deficient in the qualities that are requisite for their support in opposition to the respective interests which are the object of protectieur —and which will be designated by the term of voluntary settlements, reserving (otherwise than incidenully) to a future period the consideration of the circumstance# to which that term may be properly applied.

$ 3.1. It is perfectly evident that a voluntary settlement is void so far as it affects Of Settlements the rights of creditors existing as such at the time of making it.—With respect to sub- void or other-sequent creditors, the validity of the settlement depends upon the fact of the party wjtey u against being indebted at the time. In Lord Townsend v. Wvndham, 2 Vesey, 1. 10. Creditors.

Lord Hardwicke said, M there is no esse where a person indebted makes a conveyance for the benefit ef a child without valuable consideration, and dying indebted afterwards, that that shall take place; but it shall be considered as a part of his estate for the benefit of his creditors *, ' * and in Stephen v. Clive, 2 Bro. Ch. 90. Lord Kenyon, as Master of the Rolls, relying principally upon the above observations ef Lord Hardwicke, held, 1. That a settlement after marriage in favour of a wife and children by a person not indebted at the time *, was good against subsequent creditors, and not within the 13 Eli*.; and, 2. That although the settler was indebted, yet if tho debt were secured by a mortgage, the settlement was good. In Lush v. Wilkinson, b Ves. 384, a subsequent creditor charged insolvency, which was denied; the defendant (the wife) went into evidence to shew that her husband had been in good circumstances. No evidence was produced by the plaintiff; —and an account and enquiry being asked on his behalf, the Master of the Rolls (Lord Alvanley) said,

* You appear as a subsequent creditor, and desire an acceunt in order to invalidate this settlement, by proving prior debts. 1 have a great doubt whether you have a right to come witnout proving any one antecedent debt. A single debt will not do.

Every man must be indebted for the common bills of his house, .though he pays them every week. It must depend upon this, whether he was in insolvent circumstance# at the time.’*—The bill waa dismissed with costs, with liberty to file another bill.—See also to the same effect, Russell v. Hammond, 1 Atk. 13. Walker v. Burrows, 1 Atk. 93.

(decided upon the more extensive construction of st. 21 Ja. 1. with respect to bankruptcy) Middlecome v. Marlow, 2 Atk. 520.

In riie before-mentioned case of Lord Townsend r. Wyndham, Lord Hardwicke (after adverting to the difference between statute 27 Elis, as to subsequent purchasers, and 13 Elis, as to subsequent creditors) said, «If there is a voluntary conveyance by one not indebted at the time, though he afterwards becomes indebted, if that voluntary conveyance was for a child, and no particular evidence or badge of fraud to deceive or defraud subsequent creditors, that will be good; but if any mark of fraud collusion or intent to deceive subsequent creditors appears, that will make it void, otherwise not, but it will stand, though afterwards he becomes indebted/ *

In Stileman v. Ashdown, 2 Atk. 477, Lord Hardwicke decreed satisfaction to creditors from estates purchased by the father in the joint names of himself and hi#

' ^Fraudulent Comoeyatuxs [Part 11.

aon; ^he father having had poammion of the whole estate, and appeared as viable owner. Hi* Lordship said, tf It is not necessary that a man should actually be indebted at the time he enters into e voluntary settlement to make it fraudulent; for if a man does it with a view to being indebted at a future time, that is equally fraudulent, and ought to be eat aside. See Frtxer tu Fitter, 2 Aik. 511, in which a settlement made upon a separation between husband end wife wee poetpencd to the daim of a creditor having an alignment under an Insolvent Act, without any reference to the time when the debt was contracted, or the situation of the husband at that time.

In Montague v. Lord Sandwich, cited in Kidney v. Couasraaker, 12 Vesey, 155, it was held by Lord Loughborough, that a settlement is fraudulent only against such creditors as were creditors at the time: and Sir William Grant referring to that case, says, that though there has been much controversy, and a variety of deriaioae upon the question, whether such a settlement is fraudulent as to any creditors accept such as were creditors at the time, —he was disposed to follow the latest derim us that of Montague and Lord Sandwich. Mr. Vesey mates in a note, that though the settlement can be affected as fraudulent only as against creditors at the time it is made, the consequence, if it can be so affected, is, that the subject is thrown into assets, and all subsequent creditors are let in; and states that it was so clearly held m Montague and Lord Sandwich.

In Hungerford v. Earle, 2 Vera. 216, the question as to the validity of a settlement against subsequent creditors, was ordered by the Court of Chancery to be tried at law. Sed vide White tu Hussey and others, Prec. in Cba. 14, where all the Lands Caramisnoneis were of opinion they might decree a conveyance to be fraudulent without a trial at law.

In Russell v. Hammond, (before cited on another point) 1 Atk. 13, the father, upon settlement in favour of his son, took back an annuity to himself and his wife, which Lord Haidwicke said was a plain badge of fraud, as the annuity was probably the full value of the estate comprised in the deed, and therefore gave the son nothing, which was almost tantamount to a continuance in possession, and had always been deemed a strong circumstance of fraud.

[The editor of Atkyns observes, that the settlement last mentioned does not appear in the register’s bosk, where the case is stated but very shortly: and it is very difficult to conceive it possible, that Lord Haidwicke should have made such a detenu-nation; for the circumstance of the father receiving back an annuity was so far from giving strength to the position of the transaction being fraudulent, as voluntary, chat it converts it into a matter of mere contract, and to say, that because the father gave the son nothing, that is, because the son gave a full eqivalent, the tan should bw deprived of the right of which in respect of thst equivalent he became a purchaser, seems to be as plain a perversion of justice as any that can be well imagined. The greater the annuity, in proportion to the value of the estate, the less fraudulent is the aspect of the transaction; —and even in cases of ordinary bargain between strangers, it is not uncommon to sell an estate iu consideration of a life annuity, which in the nature of things ^ill be of greater amount than the annual value of the estate.)— See Taylor v. Jones, 2 Atk. 600, in which the Master of the Rolls held s settlement of stock limiting a life estate to the husband void against creditors, without examining how far the party was indebted at the time. He said he had always a greet compassion for wife and children; yet on the other side it was passible, that if creditors should not have their debts, their wives and children might be reduced to want. The observation is certainly true; but as voluntary settlements are often supported against creditors, some ocher reasons were requisite to render it very material. As to the power assumed in this case, over stock, ri. Dumbs v. Dulene, i Ves. jim. 196.—Rider t>. Kidder, 16 Ves. 360.

A person on whose behalf a covenant is entered into, which is contingent at the time of making the disposition impeached, as a wife claiming under covenant to make a provision in case of her surviving, seems to be a sufficient creditor within the statute 13 Elis.—Rider v. Kidder, 10 Ves. 360.

A creditor, to impeach a settlement in equity for fraud, must get judgment for his debt.—Colman v, Croker, 1 Ves. jun. 160. But this rule apparently does not apply to a bill for the administration of the assets of a party deceased.

The general effect of marriage settlements will be more particularly examined in the subsequent part of this note, as applicable to purchasers.—In Campion v. town, \7 Ves. 268, it is decided at the Rolls, that the validity of a settlement previous to marriage is not affected by die husband being indebted at the time, ' and the wife knowing it. In that case it was stated by the counsel for the defendant, that no decision was to be found in which a settlement previous to and in contemplation of msrriage, bad been considered aa void against creditors; but R was ldinittedJ that a

Class VII.} Fraudulent Couoeya*oet. 307

case shewing enough for that purpose, might exist, u if the wife was dearly a party, and the marriage a more secure mode of defrauding the creditors. By the same case it appears, that money expended in improving the wife’s estate, redeeming land tax, »nfranrhi«ing copy hold, &c« cannot be followed by creditors.

It is a settled rule, that if a person having a general power of appointment makes a voluntary appointment in pursuance of such power, it will except as against a bona fide purchaser from the appointee enure, in favour of creditors, although the non-execution of the power cannot be supplied/ &c.—Holmes 1/. Coghill, 7 Ves. 499,

12 Ves. 206.—George v. Milbanke, 9 V esey, 190, and the several cases cited upon this subject, Powell on Powers, 264.—The doctrine certainly is a very extraordinary one, as the principle of the statutes against fraudulent conveyances was to prevent the doing such acts as would militate against the interests which third persons would have had in the subject of the acts if they had not been done.

A conveyance not fraudulent within the statute 13 Elis, may be void In case of bankruptcy by the operation of stat. 21 Jac. 1. c. 15, as to which see Walker v. Burrows,

1 Atk. 93, above referred to.

§ 4. II. The construction of the statute 27 Elis, has always been very extensive Of Settlements an favour of purchasers, and it is settled by a series of authorities, that a voluntary vojd or other-conveyance is void against a subsequent purchaser, even with notice—and although wfce again$ there arc some cases which seem to favour the opposite opinion, the doctrine may be purchasers, considered as conclusively established by the case of Doe on the demise of Otley v.

Manning, 9 East. 59, in which, upon a very full and elaborate view of the subject, the Court declared, that they felt themselves bound by the weight of authorities to give judgment according to the settlement. The following observations are in the Voluntary Set-concluding part of Lord Ellenborough’s judgment, Much property has no doubt dements void been purchased, and many conveyances settled, upon the ground of its having been M again«r Pur-80 repeatedly held, that a voluntary conveyance is fraudulent, as such, within the chasers, even statute of 27 Elis.—And it is no new thing for the Court to hold itself concluded wjtj1 notfce# in matters respecting rial property, by former decisions, upon questions in respect of which, if it were res Integra, they probably would have come to very different conclusions. And if the adhering to such determinations is likely to be attended with inconvenience, it is a matter fit to be remedied by the legislature, which is able to prevent the mischief in future, and to obviate all the inconvenient consequences which are likely to result from it, as to purchases already made. And we cannot but say, as at present advised, and considering the construction put on the statute, that it would have been better if the statute had avoided conveyances only against purchasers for valuable consideration, without notice of the prior conveyance."

The importance and justice of the preceding observations, as to the necessity of adhering to previous authorities in matters respecting real property, on account of the injurious and retrospective consequences which would arise from disturbing them are very manifest—but 1 have often taken the opportunity of expressing my wish, that the implicit acquiescence in authority had been confined to such cases as these, and to matters of mere technical reasoning, in which a decision of the question one way or the other is indifferent in its general consequence*; and that the Courts would feel themselves more at liberty than they do in departing from mere authority upon questions of evidence, of pracuce, of personal contract and obligation; or cases where the adherence to such authority is confessedly repugnant to the real purpose of justice, and no material inconvenience could arise from the judicial correction of it; admitting, at all times, the caution with which this principle ought to be adopted—the presumption in favour of the subsisting doctrine—the inconveniences which even in these cases may result from the alteration—and the qualification that a manifest and evident utility alone ought to be deemed sufficient to authorise the deviation.

With respect to the particular subject, there is a difference of opinion as to whether the rule at present established by authority is not that which, independently of authority, is most conformable to justice and the true intention of the statute, and a very great portion of Mr. Roberts’ treatise is employed in maintaining that it is so. I cannot, however, but entertain a very strong and decided preference in favour of the opposite opinion. The object of the statutes is evidently to prevent fraud and imposition—it is equally clear, that in the case in question, no fraud, no imposition would be practised by supportidg the preceding conveyance, which is confessedly valid against the party making it, and those claiming under him by gratuitous title; and which conveyance, although not founded upon those considerations which are regarded as valuable in point of legal construction, may be occasioned by very meritorious inducements. It is said, that the subsequent conveyance attaches a fraudulent intention to the first and therefore is sufficient to invalidate it; whereas


968 Fraudulent Conveyances. [Part TL

k w31 be quite imposrible to bring the case to any more than, that a person who bat made an actuul donation repents of his haring done so and wishes to resume it, bat jmc bring enabled to effectuate his purpose directly, is impowered to effectuate it circuitously, by procuring the co-operation of a third person, who, with perfect knowledge of the facts, agrees to give him a full equivalent, and while the settler is unable to retract, for his own nse, the immediate subject of the disposition, he is assisted by the law in doing that which is equally beneficial to himself, and equally injurious in disappointing the object of his former bounty.

Settlements before marriage or In pursuance of previous Agreements.

Of void or $ 5. Of the considerations which sre sufficient to support a settlement against

valid Settle- the claims of creditors or subsequent purchasers, the first is marriage, and it K a

ments in respect settled principle, that any settlement made previous to marriage, or after marriage, of the Con- in pursuance of a written contract before, is valid; and can only be impeached on

the ground of deceit and actual fraud, of which, as stated in Campion r. Carton, 17 Ves. 268, referred to in the preceding part of this note, no instance has occurred by which any settlement has been in fact defeated.

Whether a settlement after marriage, in pursuance of a parol promise before* and proved only by the subsequent acknowledgement of the .party, is of equal efficacy, is a question which does not appear to be conclusively settled.

In Griffin v. Stanhope, Cro. Jac. 454, the husband having before marriage promised to assure to the wife a jointure of £1000, and having after marriage demised lands to trustees for 100 years, if the wife should so long live, in trust for her—with an indorsement declaring that the same should be void upon settling a jointure according to the first agreement—it was ruled, that the lease being made in pursuance of the first promise, although there was not any mention of any lease to be made, yet it was grounded upon a good consideration and not fraudulent, in Lavender r. Blackstone, 2 Lev. 146, a settlement was, under the particular circumstance, adjudged to be fraudulent—and upon this point it was said, that although it was proved that upon the marriage the husband promised to settle his estate when he came to twenty-one upon himself and hia issue, (which was agreed to be a sufficient consideration to avoid fraud, although infants are not bound by law to perform such, promises,) yet the settlement not having been made until three or four yean after he came of age, and not being directly according to the promise, should not be presumed to have been made in performance of the promise without direct proof thereof.

The provirion of the Statute of Frauds, 29 Ch. 2, c. 3, § 3, is, that no* action shall be brought to charge any person upon any agreement made in consideration of marriage, unless there be a note in writing signed by the party—but it would seem, that the execution of such an agreement, in pursuance of the moral obligation anting from it, would be as valid in respect to its incidental consequences, as the execution •f the promise referred to in the preceding case. In the Countess of Moatscue r. Maxwell, 1 Str. 235, a bill was sustained to compel a settlement pursuant to a verbal promise before marriage, supported by a letter after. The decree was on the ground of fraud, hut the Lord Chancellor said, " A parol promise on marriage is sufficient consideration to support a settlement made agreeably to it after marriage. This has been frequently determined. So it is also sufficient consideration to establish > promise made in writing after marriage.*’ The case has no immediate reference to the statute of fraudulent conveyances, but it is only in respect to these that the observation can be understood to have been made, as there art no other grounds of objection against which a settlement after marriage can require support from collateral circumstances. The report of this case, 1 P. Wms. 618, refers to a different stage of the cause. In an anonymous case, Prec. Ch. 181, a second marriage settlement was recited to be made in consideration that the wife had parted with the former settlement, which appeared to be made after the marriage, but was I'ecited to te mode in consideration of a marriage portion, but there was no proof of any previous agreement for such settlement; yet the Court presumed it, and so the second was not voluntary against bond creditors. The above extract is the whole of the report, and certainly appears too scanty to warrant any decisive inferences being drawn

from it.

The case of Dundas r. Dutens, 1 Ves. jun. 196, was decided on the ground of the bill being fraudulently filed, at the instance of the husband, with a view to cheat his children. It was the case of stock belonging to the wife, settled after marriage, the settlement reciting a parol agreement made before marriage. Lord Thurlow aid, " If there is a parol agreement for a settlement upon marriage, after marriage a suit upon the ground of part performance would not do, because the statute is expressed in that manner—but is there any case where in the settlement the parties recite an agreement before marriage, in which it has been considered, within the

' Class VII.] Fraudulent Conveyance*. 8W

vtatute ?" (altuding case semble to Stat. 13 Elia.) to which the Solicitor-General,

(Lord Eldon,) as counsel Car the defendant, said, he did not think it would be pod *

And see upon this subject Randall v. Morgan, 12 Ves. 67.

It is very obvious, that if a mere recital, in a settlement after marriage, that it was made in pursuance of a previous parol agreement, is sufficient to sustain the settlement against creditors or purchasers, a very easy plan a laid down for giving effect 'to settlements, even if the recital should be wholly false, as the negative would in generd he vt»7 difficult of proof; and if the recital in a single settlement will not *be sufficient, there seetf1 to be very little reason in the distinction, that the making one aettlement with such ripwl, and ebandoning it for i mteequent eetdemeat,

* hall carry the matter any farther., - .

There is a rule of the civil law, that Qul non prw* which is evidently founded upon just principles, and is immcaw*1/ applicable to the point in question.

It seems not to be absolutely settled how far the limitations in s marriage settle- Marriage Bet* ment in favour of collateral objects not within the marriage consideration, are valid dements as af--as against subsequent purchasers churning under the statute 27 Elia, the setdement focting collate-not being supported by any other distinct and independent consideration. For ral objects# instance, whether upon a marriage by J. . a setdement of his estates in favour of his brother, in failure of issue by the marriage, is without other circumstances valid, as against a purchaser from J. .

In the case of St. Saviour's in Southwark, (4 Jas. 1.) Lane 22, it is reported as a resolution, that if a man upon the marriage of one of his sons covenants to stand seised to the use of that son for life, and then to the use of his other sons in remainder, such limitations to the ocher sons are void against a purchaser.

In Jenkins v, Kemishe, Hardrea, 395, 1 Lev. 150, Sir N. K. being tenant for life, with remainder to his son Charles, in tail, they suffered a recovery upon the marriage of Charles; and in consideration of the marriage and a portion, aetded the estate upon the husband and wife, with remainder to the heirs of the body of the husband by the wife, with remainder to the heirs of the body of the wife; and it was ruled, that the limitation to the heirs of the body of the son by a second wife wan good against a mortgage by Sir N. and Charles, and by Hale, (£ Baron, it is hard to presume fraud in this case, for none is found. And the consideration of marriage, and the marriage portion, will run to all the estates raised by the setdement, although the marriage is not concerned in them so as to make them good against purchasers, and avoid a voluntary conveyance; and it appears, upon the same case coming before the Court of Chancery upon another poiat, that Lord Keeper Bridgeman held thattha consideration of the portion paid on the first marriage extended to the issue of the

In Osgood v. Strode, 2 P. Willms. 245, which was a suit for carrying into execution articles ef agreement against volunteers, and decided upon grounds not con-xiected with the present discussion, some doubt appears to be thrown upon the general question. In Bellingham r. Lowther, 1 Ch. Css. 243, the Court refused to enforce performance of covenants in a marriage setdement in favour of collateral relations, although the party himself was preparing to execute them in his life time, and prevented by death. But it was said by the Court, that if the wife, who was a purchaser under the articles, had applitd, they must have specifically carried them into execution, and as it seemed, they must have been integrally executed for dm benefit of all collateral objects, as well as for the wife, and the issue of the marriage,

—Rob. 138.

In Vernon v. Vernon, 2 P. Wms. 594, an agreement was enforced in favour of

brothers, the Lord Chancellor saying, that no creditor could be hurt by a specific performance. Mr. Roberts citing this case, says, that the Lord Chancellor was dearly of opinion that such an agreement ought not to be performed against a creditor; — hut nothing of this kind appears in the report. See also Edwards v. the Countess of Warwick, 2 P. Wms. 171—Goring v. Nash, 3 Atk. 188—Stephens v. Trueman,

1 Ves. 73, as to the execution of articles in favour of collaterals against volunteers g but even if it should be dearly established that a Court of Equity would refuse to decree in favour of such artides against creditors or purchasers, that will not affect the case of an actual setdement with reference to the statutes at present under consideration. In Ithell r. Beane, 1 Ves. 215, a bond previous to marriage to pap £400 amongst the children of the marriage, and a son then living by a former marriage, was sustained in favour of the son (there being no issue of the marriage) against the creditors of the father. But in Roe, on the demise of Hammertoo v *

Mitten, 2 Wilson, 356, the judgment in favour of the brother against a purchases appears to have proceeded solely on the ground of a distinct consideration, Lard Ch,

J, Wilmot said, The whole of this question turns on the mother’s joining in the

VOL. I.

2 B

$70 jnmndulmtt'Catmmfmoa. {Pwtll.

Eftdemet from which it may Im inferred a lde optima, that without thatadr-eumstince, the collateiel limitationa in the mttleneiit cook! hoc he supported igowt

the purchaser.

In Bruttaden v. Stratton, Prec. Ch. 620, the husband betas under age at the time of the marriage, the wife's father gate a bond to pay him 16001. upon his settling suitable jointure settlement en her, (my mg nothing of the imue; ) some years afterwards, on payment of the portion, the husband settled jointure an the wife, and limited the estate to himself for fife, with remainder to-hi* children in strict settlement, which fras sustained against his bond creditors, «*»e Master of the Bob being of opinion that it was. not fraudulent or vulunt»*7» I>cinS but adequate to the wife’s fortune, and that the words of the capable of such a construction,

for that a jointure aetdemept r1"* Dc funded a settlement in the common form, to the issue, and a wife[N. B. Nothing appears to have been said in this case as to the husband being indebted or otherwise, at the time of the settlement.]

In Jason v. Jervis, 1 Vern. 284, the validity of a settlement as against a purchaser, was sent to be tried at law; first against the wife as to her estate for life; and then as to the remainders to the children; —" for (by the Lord Keeper) if the bond before marriage [which is not noticed in the statement of the case] was only for a jointure, and the settlement goes further, and entails the land upon the children of the marriage, the settlement might be'good as to the jointure, and fraudulent as to the remainders in respect to a purchaser." There are, in fact, many authorities which It is unnecessary particularly to advert to, that a settlement may be partly good and partly void.

A marriage in Scotland, according to the Scotch law, of persons going from England for the purpose, being valid; a settlement previous to, and in consideration of a subsequent marriage in England, is within the statute.—Ex parte Hall, 1 V. & B. H2.

Settlements after Marriage prima fade void, good upon mew considers.Father joining in Recovery, foe.

BdSdonal porSUfinqtuahment of Jointure or power.

A settlement after marriage is primd facie void, os against creditors intitled te the general protection of the statutes and purchasers, but may be supported upon a new consideration, of which the several cases about to be cited are instances; and it may be premised as a settled principle, that where there is a settlement founded upon actual consideration affecting the interest of any of the parties, the adequacy or inadequacy of such consideration, in point of value, is immaterial, for the mere nominal consideration of 6a. or 10s. inserted as matter of form in all assurances, is in this respect not regarded, the real nature of it being folly recognised and understood. The cases upon this subject may be divided as follows:—1. When a father is tenant for life, with remainder to.the son in tail, the father’s joining in the settlement by suffering a recovery, will support the limitations against the creditors, [ac comme semble the purchasers from the son) Russell v. Hammond, 1 Atk. 13, (already cited on other points)—but in Goodright v. Moses, 2 BL 1019, where J. R. being tenant for life, with remainder to Elizabeth, the wife of T. H. in tail; —the said parties levied a fine to the use of J. R. for life, and after with intent that the fCnts might be applied for the support of T. H. his wife and their children, during the life of T. H. afterwards for the maintenance of Elizabeth and her children during tier life; and after her decease for the children; these limitations were not sustained against a lease from Elizabeth after she became a widow. Lord Cji. J. De Grey delivering the opinion of the Court generally, that the deed was only a voluntary conveyance within the statute 27 Elia, being founded only upon a good, and not a valuable consideration; and that therefore it could not be set up against a bona fide purchaser. It may be observed, that in this case the settlement derived no assistance from the concurrence of J. R. as tenant in taiL in remainder, that can bar his issue by fine, without the asfccnt of the tenant for life. —2. Where the settlement is made upon an additional portion paid or agreed to be paid by the friends of the wife, which is a good pecuniary consideration, as to which see Russell v. Hammond, 1 Atk. 13, already cited upon other paints, Jones v. Marsh, Ca. Temp. Tail. 64. Browne v. Jones, 1 Atk. 188. Stileman v. Ashdown, 2 Atk. 477, and this, as it appears, although the sum agreed to be paid is not paid in fret. Lord Hardwicke, in Rarasden v. Hilton, 2 Vts. 309, assigns as a reason for this, that the issue take from both parties, and whether they perform their agreement among themselves, may be immaterial to the issue. Mr. Roberts observes, 'p. 258, that it is not very easy to comprehend the force of this reasoning; but without entering Into that discussion, nothing is more obvious, than that a mere agreement of one person may be an adequate consideration for either a counter agreement, or an executed act of another.—3. Where the wife gives up hpr jointure for another estate of double the value being settled, the consideration will support a limitation to the children, Scott r. Bell, a Ley. 70. Ball o. Bumford, Prec. Cb. 113. As tp the reClass VII.]

371

Fraudulent Conveyances.

Jinqimbmam of Dowtr, «l UModer n.-Bbctatone, 2 Lev. 146, ia which it waa said,

' diet a wife joimeg to her dower, might.be a good cooridemdoo to support a settle-nxinL VL alao Delia v. Cbkman, 1 Vem. 294, in which an agreement that a wife joining in a mortgage ahould have the whole equity of redemption, waa not aim-ported against subsequent mortgagees. The facts of the case are not sufficiently stated to support any general inference; and there ia no direct reference to the statutes under oonaideration. Upon principle, there does not appear any reason why a wife ^concurring in the disposition of an estate eut of which die ia entitled to dower,

<4* letting in an incumbrance which may affect the dower, should not be equally regarded with any other valuable consideration.—4. A settlement upon receiving a Legacy to the legacy of the wife, or other property in her right* which could only be obtained by Wife, the andatanoeof a court of equity; and ia respect of which the court would not -decree payment to the husband without a settlement, or the eapreas consent of the ' wife.—It would be foreign to the present purpose to enter into e particular dissertation upon the doctrine established by courts of equity with respect to this subject, as to which see Roberts on Fraudulent Conveyances, Ch. 3, Sec. 10, 11, 12.—

Newland on Contracts, Ch. 7. Wright v. Motley, 11 Ves. 12. Murray «. Lord Elihank, 13 Ves. 1. and a recent anonymous Treatise on the Rights, Ac. c. of Married Women. The equity does not extend to stock in the funds which a wife is entitled to previous to marriage; and of which the husband may compel the payment,

Pringle v. Hodaan, 3 Ves. 617.—5. A settlement upon a Voluntary separation is Settlements on valid, if there is any specific consideration aa a covenant to indemnify the husband Separation, from the debts of the wife, Stephens «. Clive, 2 Bra. Ch. 90. See Seeling «.

Crawley, 2 Vera. 386. Angler v. Angier, Prec. Ch. 496. Fitter o. Fitter, 2 Ask.

511. See also Maun «. Wibanore, 8 T.R. 521, where an alignment in consideration of a sum of money paid to the husband, and in part for the payment of his debts, and subject thereto for the separate use of the wife who had been ill treated by the husband, waa held to be valid, in point of consideration.

In the case of Roe on the Demise of Hamerton v. Mittoo, 2 Wfla. 356, already cited, the settlement before marriage was assumed to be voluntary so far as related to the brothers, except so far as depended upon the circumstance of the mother joining, was decided to be made upon valuable consideration, in respect of the mother abandoning the security for her annuity upon the whole estate, and accepting a security of part; and this decision appears to be founded upon a general principle, and not particularly to depend upon its having any reference to marriage.

There is a class of £ases respecting settlements made previous to a second msr- Settlements riage upon children by a first, which seem rather to depend upon general principles previous to a of equity as applicable to actual fraud than to the peculiar doctrine established by second Mar-the statutes at present under consideration, and which therefore it will not be mate- riage for Chil-rial more particularly to advert to . See upon this subject, King v. Cotton, 2 P. dren of a first. Wms. 358—674. Bowes v. Lady Strathmore, 2 Bra. Ch. 345, 1 Vea. Jun. 22.

Paulson v. Wellington, 2 P. Wms, 533. Hunt v. Matthews, 1 Vem. 408. New-stead o. Searies, 1 Atk. 265.

In Stiles u. the Attorney-General, 2 Atk. 152, the Duke of Wharton having, Other Ccnsi* upon the ground that the public good was advanced by the encouragement of learn- derations.

Ing and the polite arts, snd being pleased with the attempts of Dr. Young, granted him an annuity of 1001. and afterwards by indenture reciting that there was an arms? of the annuity, and that Dr. Y. had, at the Duke's- request, quitted a service In the family of the Earl of Exeter, which he was in, and thereby lost an annuity, granted him a farther annuity of 100/. and charged his estate with the said annuities.

—Lord Hardwkke held (aa against creditors) that the advancement of learning, though a good inducement, was not a valuable consideration; but that the quitting the Earl of Exeter's service was a valuable consideration}—and that the forbearance to sue for the arrears of the first annuity was also a valuable consideration, in respect whereof the second annuity ceased to be a voluntary grant.

la Jameson v. Shipwith, 2 Bra. Ch. 34, it was taken for granted, that an engagement by a pupil to his teacher, as a remuneration of gratitude, was not valid as against creditors.

The compromise of a doubtful right may form a fair and valuable consideration.

In Peat «. Powell, Amb. 387, a Cither having devised lands of inheritance, and lands held upon lease for lives, to Giles, his younger son—John, the elder son, claimed right, the lands of inheritance, insisting, that the will waa void, and threatened to commence a suit, unless the younger son would convey his right to him, which he did.—

Upon a suit by the assignees of Giles, Lord Northington said, " This is not like the case when conveyances are made to quiet family differences, in which the Court will Dot require strict equality of consideration—there was no equivalent given by John, lie did net so much as release his right to the other estate. There ia no fraud, but

Diniti7pH hv \

372

Trust for payment of Debts,

Fraudulent Conveyances* [Part II.

betng s voluntary conveyance it is void against the creditors of Gilei«M Mr. Roberta, in a note to his citation of this case (page 415,) observes, u That the settlement of disputed boundaries, and in general the object of removing contention and compromising advene claims, constitute a good consideration to support suits in equity Car the specific performance of agreements, *' and refen to the opinion of Lord Hard* wicke, in Penn o. Lord Baltimore, 1 Vesey, 453—but adds, w That it seems dear, that such considerations will not be good against persons coming in upon valuable considerations, " and in a subsequent passage (page 432,) he refen to Peat t*. Powell, as establishing, that a vain apprehension of possible danger, or an alarm existing by groundless menaces, will not form a valuable consideration for a conveyance. But in Hill, clerk, v. the Bishop of Exeter and others, 2 Taunton, 69, Charles Hill, tbs father, made a voluntary conveyance to his son of the living of Fremington, and afterwards, upon the trial of a Quart impedit, at the suit of R.C. claiming the vacant presentation, against May and others, it was agreed that May should release to Caote his title to the presentation, and to C. H. his right to the advowson—C H. coneenr-ing thereto, and agreeing to present May or his assigns at the next vacancy; tad, in pursuance thereof, Hill and Cooke released to May the next advowson. To m plea setting forth such release. Hill replied, that May had not any right whatever to the advowson—which replication was upon demurrer adjudged to be bad—and it was held that May was, under such release, a purchaser for valuable conuderation, o as to defeat the voluntary conveyance to Hill, the son—and per Curiam. It is just the same thing whether May bad or had not any actual tide, for ha gave up whatever he had, and therefore it is quite immaterial what he had—and there can be no doubt, in general, that the giving up a right without fraud is a valuable consideration—the relessor parts with that for which the other party may very reasonably give money." This case, deciding that such a compromise is a valuable ooooriden-tion, which defeats a former voluntary conveyance, will apply a fortion, at will appear in the sequel, to shew that a conveyance, founded upon such consideration, cannot be impeached in itself as being merely voluntary.

' A conveyance in trust for payment of the debts of the party making as Dot, without other circumstances, sufficient to prevent the operation of the statutes, as to which see Lord Paget’s case, 1 Leon. 194—Leech v. Leech, Ch. Cas. 249— Tarback ». Marbury, 2 Vera. 510; but if a creditor be a party to such conveyance, and enters into any agreement for forbearance, or to release his debt, it is dearly as Mr. Roberts observes (p. 431,) a valuable consideration:and in Langton R Tracey, 1 Cb. Rep.33, it was ruled, that such a conveyance, though no creditor warn a party, was good against a creditor with notice.

In Twine’* case, 3 Rep. 83, a case was cited by Anderson, Ch. J. in which a man of weak understanding, and incapable of managing an estate, and being given to riot, by the mediation of his friends, openly conveyed his lands to them upon trust, to take the profits and apply them to his maintenance, in order to prevent fads wasting and consuming the same—which was supported against a subsequent purchaser for a small value, the purchaser being apparently open to the imputation of fraud and deceitj but the Chief Justice observed, " That such a conveyance is void as to him who purchases the land for a valuable consideration bona fide without deceit or cunning."

Not eaential that the void Conveyance should be made by the Party from whom the Purchaser derives title.

§ 6. It is not essential that the conveyance which is impeached aa fraudulent, Should be made by the same person from whom the purchaser derives his rick. Thai was laid down in BurreFs case, 6 Rep. 72, where a father upon the marriage of him son, demised lands to the son for 1000 years, and the-eon in the life-tone of Jha* father made an assignment to his own son, an infant, which was under the circumstances held to be fraudulent, and after the death of his hither sold the land, covenanting that it was free from all leases—and two points are reported as resolved; lac. That if a father make a lease by fraud and covin of his land, in order to defraud others to whom he may demise or sell it (as all fraudulent leases shall be intended,) and before the father makes any sale or demise he dies, and the son knowing or not 2:opwing of the case sells the land upon good consideration, in this case the vendor shall avoid the lease by force of the statute, (27 Elis.) for as it is intended aad presumed in law that every fraudulent lease is made with the intent generally to defraud purchasers, farmers, &c. in this generality every particular porcfcmor, "Runner, &c. is included—and the Act is well penned, for the words of the Act 'are general, and do not require that he who sells the land shall make the fraudulent estate or incumbrance, but if the estate be fraudulent, Ac. c. whoever sells it, the purchaser shall avoid such fraudulent estate; and aa in the case at bar, the two leases were upon the evidence thought fraudulent, the vendee of the heir mig^st avoid them.—2d. That although the son had nothing in the inheritance at the tkmm

Class VII.] Fraudulent Conveyances. 373

of the assignment of the term, hut all the estate of inheritance was in his father; yet when the father died and the son sold the land, his vendee shall avoid the term,

(the assignment being taken upon the evidence to be fraudulent) for if he had bargained and sold the term only the bargainee might have avoided the fraudulent assignment, and consequently the vendee of the whole fee may avoid it.

Tn'Cleric v. Rutland, Lane 113, a father made a lease to a stranger for forty years, and continued in possession, and afterwards conveyed the lands to a younger son, who sold it for a valuable consideration; and it was doubted whether the purchaser could avoid the lease; but it was said, that if in that case the father had suffered the land to descend to his eldest son, then the purchaser from the eldest son should avoid the lease. In Jones v. Purefoy, 1 Vem. 45, the grandfather made a settlement on the grandson, which was disputed by the mortgagee of the father after the grandfather’s death; but as to this point, sava the reporter, they gave this clear answer:—* It was true it was a voluntary settlement, and if it had been made by the person that mortgaged these lands, it should never prevail against a purchaser; but here the settlement was made by the grandfather, and the estate passed from him; but the mortgage was made by the father, who was never seised nor possessed of the estate.’ *

According to the present understanding upon the subject, it is not probable that n mere voluntary lease msde by a father could be avoided by the alienee of the son, to whom the inheritance had descended, or that the son could by this circuity avoid a disposition of his father, if made by deed, which would be effective against heirs if made by wilL This observation does not affect the case where the deed is affected by actual fraud according to the popular and common, notion of the term.

$ 7. Some doubts have been entertained as to whether copyholds are within the Copyholds, statute 27 Eliz. respecting purchasers, but the prevailing opinion seems to be that they are.—See Doe, Demise of Watson v. Rout]edge, Cowp. 705.—Mr. Roberts justly observes, that how for surrenders of copyholds are within the Statute 13 Elis, with respect to creditors may perhape be doubted, since it may be said that they have not the effect of delaying hindering or defrauding creditors who cannot issue process to levy a debt upon a copyhold estate —and notwithstanding that, it has been determined not to be an act of bankruptcy on a similar ground.—Esparto Cockshot, pa. 447, ft.

$ 8. A purchase originally made in the name and fo(the use of third persons Purchases in does not fall directly within the operation of these statutes. Lady Gorge's Case, Cro. the name and Car. 550. How far such purchases may be affected by the general rules of courts of far the use of equity under particular circumstances is a question foreign to the present enquiry, third Persons, they are expressly within the Sutute 1 Jac. 1. c. 21, respecting Bankrupts, and 13 Elis. c. 4, respecting the debts of the King’s accountants.

§ 9. Conveyances originally defeasible foay become valid by circumstances oc- Conveyances curring subsequently. In Prodgers v. Langham, 1 Sid. 133, it is laid down, that grimily fa. although a deed be fraudulent in its creation, and voidable by a purchaser, yet it may renderbecome good by matter ex part facto—ex if a man makes a feoffment by covin, and rajjd by the feoffee makes a feoffment over upon valuable consideration, the feoffee of the flm.nent argum-first feoffee shall retain the land, and not the feoffee of the first feoffor. See also to the same effect, Andrew Newport's case, Skinner, 423—. C. by the name of Swartle v. Williams, 3 Ley. 387—Wilson v. Wormal, Godb. 161.

In the before mentioned case of Prodgers v. Langham, a voluntary settlement upon a daughter was supported by the daughter’s subsequent marriage. So in Kirk v. Clark, Prec. Ch. 275, where the father told the friends of the son’s wife, thit he had already settled the premises upon the son—and an express settlement wss also made of other premises. So where a daughter, in whose favour a settlement was made, married a person of fortune, who was before marriage advised by counsel, that the portion wss sufficiently secured.—E. I. Company v. Clivel, Free. Ch. 377— and see the Observations in Doe v, Routledge, Cowp. 705.

$ 10. With respect to the purchaser entitled to object to a prior voluntary settle* What Persons ment as fraudulent, it has been ruled that this objection is competent to persons are, U Pur-claiming under a settlement upon a subsequent marriage—Douglas r. Ward, Ch. chasers. In titled Cas. 99; to a morgagee—Saunders v. Dehew, 2 Vera. 272; a Leasee for years at to object to rack-rent, or upon payment of a fine—Shaw «. Standish, 2 Vem. 327—Goodright Conveyances at a. Moses, 2 Bl. 1019-—Cross v. Fausterditch, Cro. Jac. 181; a purchaser of timber fraudulent. Hatton r. Neale, Bulk N. P. 261; a reversioner purchasing a term, of which there has been previously a fraudulent assignment, said per Roberts, pa. 376, to be deed from seme old beoka in Justice Wsrburton's Reports. To these may be added, the

m

[Part EL

Fraudulent Conveyance*.

late case of Hill v. the BMtop of Exeter, 2 Taunt. 69; rfrwdjr cited, of i peiaon to whom a release was made of a dbputed right.

Ait the conveyance it good aa against a subsequent voluntary settlement upon wife or childten.—Needham and Beaumont's case, 3 Rep. 83. 233.—Ufcxon v. Aw set, Cro. Elis. 445* ' It seems also, that the second purchase must be perfectly-fair in respect of value, and not a mere colour, aa to which aee 3 Rep. SI—Doe r. Routkdge, Cowp. 705—although mere inadequacy may* not be an objection. A purchaser for valuable consideration under a second voluntary conveyance-, cannot impeach the title under the first. Dame Burg’s case, Moor, 833, where a person having a real lease for sixty years forged a lease for ninety, which he sold withr afl. hie interest in the land, it was ruled that as he did not contract for'die trod and'lawful interest, which was not known, he was not a purchaser within the statutes—al* though by the general words the true interest would pass.—Co. Lit. 36.

Mr. Roberts observes, that irmsy be doubted whether that constructively valuable consideration, which has in some cases singly prevailed, in others cumulatively tended to support precedent conveyances against subsequent purchasers, will arm the purchaser against a prior-voluntary deed, with power sufficient to overthrow it, p. 388. From the general tenor of the cases I should conceive that it evidently would not, especially according to the opinions-which have been recently expressed with regard to the true construction of the statute considered independently of authority.

Of Powers of $ 11. Upon the 5th section of 27. Elia, respecting powers of revocation, the fMRtvocmtion. lowing points have occurred :—It does not extend to the power of charging the ee *

tate with a particular sum of' money—Jenkins v. Keymis, 1 Lev. 150. It extends to aO cases where in effect the power is given to the grantor, although accompanied by a colourable condition, as the payment of a small sum of money to a stranger, or the consent of a third person merely appointed by the grantor—Cross v. Eauatep* ditch, Cro. Jac. 180—Tarback v. Marbury, 2 Vem. 510—Griffin v. Stanhope, Qo. Jac. 454—Lavender v. Blacks ton, 3 Keble, 526, and see 3 Rep. 82; but It is otherwise when the money it to be paid to trustees, to be vested in other estates—Dee v. Martin, 4 T. R. 39; or where the consent required is that of a third person, fond fide, appointed by all parties.—See Leigh v. Winter, 1 Jones, 411—Buller v. Water-house, Sir Thos. Jones, 94, 3 Keb. 75.—Hungerford v. Earle, 2 Freem. 120. .It in immaterial that the settlement containing the power of revocation is made upon valuable consideration —as to which see Roberts, 637—Siigden on Powers, 338. If a person, having power to revoke at a future day, conveys upon valuable consideration before the day, the settlement will be void from the time when be might revoke.—Bullock v. Thorne, Moor, 611—Twyne's case, 3 Rep. 82—Garth r. Enfield, Bridge, 22. The statute operates, although the power is previously released—Bullock «. Thorne, Moor, 616—but it may be otherwise if the release was for valuable consideration, or the purchaser had notice. It seems that the statute does not operate, if the grantor by the conveyance professes to execute the power of revoca-, don, and doee so informally, —See Sugden on Powers, ch. 8, from* which this paragraph is abridged.

Lends firando-lently aliened descends as Assets.

\ 12. Where land has been fraudulently aliened try the ancestor, it is in respect of creditors regarded an assets by descent in the hands of the heir—therefore, upon an issue whether T. H. deceased was seised, the Jury having found that T. H. enfeoffed J. H. before the judgment upon which tho Scire Facia* was issued out, the Court gave judgment that T. H. still remained seised as to creditors by covin— Humbert on v. HOwgil; Hob. 72. See also Shep. Touch. 66.

Ita ParslOw t*. Weedon, Eq. Ab. Creditor and Debtor, E. pL 7, Lord Macclesfield is reported to have said, that any settlement or disposition which a man makes inhis life-time, whether voluntary or not, shall be good against creditors, for that was not provided against by the statute against fraudulent devises—but a strong dissatisfaction was expressed with this opinion, in Brunsden v. Sttatton, Prec. Ch. 521—Jones v. March, Ca. Temp. Talb. 64—where the Lord Chancellor said, that Mr. Vernonf had always grumbled at the determination of that case, and never forgave Lord Macdeafield: saying, it was contrary to the constant practice of the Court. It is dear that the statute of fraudulent devises, to winch Lord Macclesfield referred, wax wholly foreign to the subject* which depended upon the common law and the statutes at present under contemplation. The statute of fraudulent devises left* the lew as to deeds as it stood before, and the principle to be collected from all the authorities is, that if a deed>was void against creditors in its inception, it does.not become valid by the death of the maker. The cases of Stfleman v. Ashdown, 2 Atk. 477—Russell t*. Hammond, I Ath« 13*—Beaumont v. Thorp, 1 Yet. 27—Lard Townsend v. Windham, 2 Vss 1—Hylton v. Biscoe, 2 Yes. 305—most of which have been *



Class YU.]

m

Fromduimt Camxyamt *

netieediwthe-preeedlagpetafthiBnoee—«U |ireawl up— ukug f— gma—kth* opporitw opinion to that exprewc diin Auaknr tr* Weedoa.

§ 13. With reepeet to amigmneiiin of pemonal property, (independently of any Of AmignmeWl consideration founded upon actual fraud, with respect to which erery caae resolves Personal itself into'a matter of fact) the retention of possesion of the property assigned, js, property, generally peaking, held to induce a legal presumption of frauds—In Twyne's case, .

3 Rep - 80, the retention of possession by the vendor of the goods, was only regarded amongst the circumstances-as constituting a badge and fraud; hut in Edwards v. Har* ben, % Term Rep. 587, it was established m a general rule, that, unless praamsion accompanies, and follows the deed, it is fraudulent and void. This is subject Co exceptions incases when the retention of the possession of the goods is consistent with that object of the deed; —it in cases of goods settled, upon marriage, (as to which see Lid Cadogan and Kenaett, Gowp. 432) and in other cases, referred to in the judg~ moot, of Edwards and Harfcen. The actual delivery of the goods may be dispensed with when the nature of the subject renders it impracticable; or when Acts havo taken place which are. equivalent, as in case of assignment of goods at sea, the pipes documents being doltvered over; —the delivery of thi key of a warehouse in which that gpods ire containedend other cases which have frequently been decided, with, reference to the bankrupt laws; as to which it may be observed, that* whatever insufficient to avoid the effect of the* statute of James, concerning reputed ownerships applies a fortion to repel the imputation of a fraud from a retention of possession in respect to the statute 13 Elis. c. 5 *

In Dewey e. Baynton, 6 East. 257, pictures and other property at Wendowes Castle, belonging to Lord Arundel, were, in consideration of Lady Arundel relinquishing some interests under a settlement in favour of Lord Arundel, assigned to trustees for the separate use of Lady A. and they continued in possession of Lord A. without any inventory. In an action against the sheriff for a false return, it was left, te the jury, whether the trust deeds were a contrivance to defraud Lord A.’s creditors,

—or whether they were, a bona fide transaction and a verdict being found in favoun

of the transaction} a new trial was granted in order to bring that point more distinctly before the juryhut it is manifestly the opinion of the Court, that the mere pomes sion of the husband being consistent with the- object of the deeds, was not in itself, sufficient to annul the transaction, so as to render the goods liable to an execution, at. the suit of the creditors of *Lord A.—The jury upon the second trial having found a verdict for the creditor, upon an application for an injunction, the Lord Chancellor, expressed his opinion very fully in favour of the general nature of the transaction j. and directed a. trial in the Common Pleas for the purpose of settling the question.—

Lady Arundel e. Phipps, 10 Vesey, 139, It is however not very easy to discern any; ground of equity upon which the Court of Chancery were authorised in this case to exercise a controul over the proceedings of a court of law, upon what was considered' by itself so entirely illegal question as to be referred to another court of law fax it* decision. The. ultimate event at the case does not appear in the books.

The expression of accompanying and following the deeds, which is applied to theL dam. of cases at present under dismission, requires some consideration with respect to its import and extent; and I take it never to have been held, that the mere octurrence of any interval of time between the execution of the deed and the taking of possession under it, shall at any subsequent period, however remote, be deemed sufficient to taint the transaction with fraud; and I would submit, that if the possession is taken in mere pursuance of the deed, before any other rights or interests have intervened, and at a period when the entire transaction would have been valid.and effectual, such possession would be sufficient; and this seems to be implied by the case of Jones v. Dwyer,

15 East; 21, where goods lying at a wharf were purchased in December, and an order given for their delivery, and no transfer was obtained upon such order until the June following, which being before the bankruptcy of the seller, the Court decided in favour of the title of the vendee.—The statute of 13th Elis, was referred to; but the discussion principally leaned upon the statute 21 Ja. 1. respecting reputed ownerships in . cases of bankruptcy.

The cases upon the statute of 13 Elis, relates only to property assigned without delivery of pomemion from the person to whom it originally belonged; for it is perfectly clear, that the mere possession of personal property concludes nothing with respect to the right.

And when there has been bona fide a notorious charge of property, the subsequent possession of the goods by the person to whom they-belonged, it does not bring the - case within the statute; accordingly in Cole v. Davies, 1 Lord Raymond, 724, it was said by Holt, Ch. Just, that the goods of A are seised upon fi. fa. and sold to B bona fide upon valuable consideration, though B permitted A to have goods in hie possession,

37B

Fraudulent Conveyances.

[Part IIupon condition that A should pa y to B the money n he ahould raise k by sale of the goods, this will not make the execution fraudulent; and in such cast, a subsequent act of bankruptcy will not prevent the sale.

[Non] In this case the provision respecting reputed ownership, in case of bankruptcy, is not sufficiently attended to.

And in the modern case of Kidd v. Rawlinson, 2B.&P. 59, the goods of A being taken under an execution, were purchased at a public auction by B, who suffered A to continue in possession, and to carry on business, and A having afterwards executed a bill of sale of the goods to C, it was ruled that B was entitled to them as against C; and it was laid down that if B had lent A money to buy the goods, and had taken a conveyance of them, or a security for his debt—this arising out of the mere fact of lending his money, leaving Ain possession of the goods—it would not have been a fraudulent act. And in a very late case, where a person assigned his effects to his trustees; and the son, in order to accommodate his mother*- became the purchaser of the household goods at a fair appraisement, and suffered the greater part of them to remain in the house with his mother, who continued to reside there, aM take lodgers as before; —k being found by the jury that the change of property was notorious, and that the assignment was not executed with an intent to defeat either the general body of creditor *, or any particular creditor; the title of the son was sustained against a subae quern execution by a creditor of the father, Leonard v. Baker, 1M.&. 251. See nbo on this point. Bull. N. P. 258. Meggitt v. Mills, 1 Ld. Harm. 286. and the late case of Reed o. Blades, 5 Taunt. 212. Watkins v. Birch, 4 Taunt. 823. Mair «w Glennie, 4 M. & . 248. Reed v. Blades, 5 Taunt. 212.

It is agreed, that an actual intention to defraud creditors will be sufficient to invalidate a transaction, which in other respects would be good. Without entering into on enumeration of the cases applicable to this subject, I shall barely refer to Cadogan .«. Kennett, Cowp. 432, in which, upon a settlement of goods made previous to marriage, Lord Mansfield said—u The question in every case is, whether the Act done is a bona Jide transaction, or whether it is s trick and contrivance to defeat creditors.— And Lord Ellenborough in Dewey, v. Baynton, 6 East. 257, already referred to, left the question to the jury in the precise terms cited from Cadogan and Kennett, and the principle was recognised by the court, though a new trial was granted for the pur-i of bringing the facts more distinctly before the jury. See the observations of A Eldon on this subject, in Lady Arundel r. Phipps, 10 Vesey, 139.

See Estwick v. Cailland, 5 T. R. 420, in which a conveyance by Lord Abingdon of retl and personal property in trust, after deducting expences to pay one moiety of the profits to Lord A. for his own use, and the other to certain creditors named in schedule, was held good, the intention of fraud as against the other creditors bring negatived by the jury. There was in this case some apparent possession in Lord sifter the deed, which the Court thought sufficiently explained. BuUer I. observed, Fraud is sometimes a question of law, sometimes a question of fact, and sometimes m mixed question of law and fact. On the whole it appears to me, that the deed, taken by itself, is a good and valid one; and that there are no extrinsic circumstances to shew that any fraud was intended.' *

As to particular badges of fraud, and the effect of fraudulent transactions, to deceive the Crown of forfeitures, &c. see Roberts, ch, 5, $ 3.

pose a

Laid 1

, 'y

PART II

377

Class VHL]

CLASS VIII.

Leases, *

(And herein of other Dispositions by Spiritual Persons.)

[No. I.] 32 Henry VIII. c. 28.—Lessees to enjoy the Farm against the Tenants in Tail.

* WH1RE great number of the Ring’s subjects have heretofore taken 32 Hen. VIII.

* leases o?lands tenements and other hereditaments for term of years, & 28.

4 and divers of them for term of lives, and have given and paid great Leases nade

* fines and great sums for the same, and also have been at great costs by Tenants in

* and charges as well in and about great reparations and buildings upon Fee Fee* their said ferms as otherwise concerning their said ferms; yet notwith* standing the said fermors, after the deaths or resignations of their lea- °‘t"eir

* sors, have been and be daily with great cruelty expulsed and put out

* of their said ferms and takings, by the heirs or successors of their said h’ch h««iaL

* lessors, or by such persons as have interest therein after the deaths or re- JJy0 *

* signations of their said lessors, by reason of privy gifts of in tail, or for that 2 fail. 169

* the lessors had nothing in the lands tenements or other hereditaments 333 443 4

* so letten at the time of the leases thereof made, but only in the right 3 ^, gg ’

4 of their wives, or such other like cause, to the great impoverishment Hutton, 84.

4 and in manner utter undoing of the said fermorsFor reformation 1 Leon. 59, 148. whereof be it ordained established and enacted, by the King our Sovereign 3 Loon. 156. Lord the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this present Leases made by Parliament assembled, and by authority of the same, That all leases Tenant in Tail, hereafter to be made of any manors lands tenements or other heredita- or by him which ments by writing indented under seal for term of years or for term of life, b seised in the by any person or persons being of full age of twenty-one years, having right of his any estate of inheritance either in fee-simple or in lee-tail, (I) in their Wife, or own right, or in the right of their churches (2) or wives, or jointly with Church, &c. their wives, of any estate of inheritance niaae before the coverture or LLevI. after, shall be good and effectual in the law against the lessors, their wives heirs and successors and every of them, according to such estate as coffin Is comprised and specified in every such indenture of lease, in like man- gro Accent, ner and form as the same should have been if the lessors thereof and £ 3*A0C6^ every of them, at the time of the making' of such leases, had been law- jyYtrt 51 363* fully seised of the same lands tenements and hereditaments comprised Co. Lit. 44. in such indenture, of a good perfect and pure estate of fee-simple thereof to their own only uses.

II. Provided always, that this Act or any thing contained Shall not 34 h. 8. c. 20. extend to any leases to be made of any manors lands tenements or here- Cro. EL 5, 350. ditaments, being in the hands of any fermor or fermors by virtue of any Sp*dal ohaervo-IsoDt of Leases to be made by Tenant in Tail, or of the Wife’s Land. Raym. 165. 1 Sid. 416. Dyer, 115, 246, 271, 279, 304. 5 Co. 2, 5. 2RolL402. 5 Co. 6. Cro. El. 602. Cro. Car. 22, 44. Latch. 257. Bridgm.29. Moor, 759, pL 1050. Hob. 324.

* For the general exposition of these statutes see Bacon’s Abridgement, Title Leases.

(1) A lease by tenant in tail, according to the statute, does not bind the reversion or remainder. 1 Inst. 44, «. A lease according to the statute, with warranty, ii not a discontinuance—but a less# fat lives with warranty, not according to

the statute, is to.—1 Inst. 333, o.—Vaughan’s Rep. 383—Walter v. Jackson, 1 RoL Abr. 633.

(2) Thu extends to Prebendaries, Chancellors, Archdeacons, Precentors, See.—Acton v. Fritcher, 4 Leon, 51—Watkinaon ». Maine, Cro. Elia. 350 —Bit v» Holt, Lev. 112, Sid. 158.

Leaseemade by Hmfrend and Wife of the-Wife'* lands* 31m. 132* Jone%60. HutL.84-1 RolL 159, 163.

Latch, 45.

25 H. 8. c, 13. Leases of Farms.

Leases of Parsonages or Vkange *

• Leasest [Fart Hold lease, unless the same old lease be expired surrendered (3) or ended within one year next after the making of the said new lease; (4) nor shall extend to any grant to be made of any reversion of any manors lands tenements or hereditaments, nor to toy lease of any manors lands tenements or hereditaments which have not most commonly been lettea to ferm or (5) occupied by the fermors thereof, by the space of twenty years next before such lease thereof raseje; nor to any lease to be made without impeachment of waste, nor to any lease to be made above the number of twenty-one years or three lives at the most, from the day of making thereof; (6) and that upon every such lease there be reserved yearly during the same lease, due and payable to the lessors their heirs and successors, to whom the same lands should have come after die deaths of the lessors if no such lease had been thereof made, and to whom the reversion thereof shall appertain, according to their estates and interests, so much yearly ferm or rent or more, as hath been mast, accustomabiy yieldea of paid' for the manors lands tenements or hereditaments (T) so to be letten. within twenty years next before such lease thereof made; and that every such person and persons to whom the reversion of such manors lands tenements or hereditaments so to he letten shall appertain as is aforesaid, after the deaths of such lessors or their heirs, shall and may have such like remedy and advantage to all intents and purposes against the lessees thereof their executors and a&sigps, as the same lessor should or might have had against the same lessees. So that if the lessor were seised of any special estate-tail of the same hereditaments at the time of such lease, that the issue or heir of that special estate shall have the reversion rents and services reserved upon such lease after the death of the said lessor, as the lessor himself might or ought to have had if he had lived.

IIL Provided alway, That the wife be made party to every such lease which hereafter shall be made by her husband of any manors lands tenements or hereditaments, being the inheritance of the wife; and that every such lease be made by indenture in the name of the husband and his wife, and she to seal to the same; and that the ferm and rent be reserved to the husband and to the wife, and to the heirs of the wife, according to her estate of inheritance in the same; and that the husltand shall not in any wise aliens, discharge, grant or give away the same rent reserved* nor any part thereof, longer than during the coverture, without it be by fine levied by the said husband and wile; but that the same rent shall remain descend revert or come after the death of such husband, unto such person or persons and their heirs, in such manner and sort as the lands so leased should have done if no such lease had been thereof made.

IV. Provided also, That this Act^ extend not to give any liberty or power to any person or persons to take any mo term's, leases or takings of any manors lands tenements or other hereditaments, than he or they should or might lawfully have done before the making of this Act; nor extend to give any liberty or power to any parson or vicar of any church or vicarage for to make any lease or grant of any of their messuages lands tenements tithes profits or hereditaments belonging to their churches or vicarages, otherwise or in any other manner than they should or might

(3) A lease is good upon a surrender conditioned to be void if a new lease is not made within a week.—Wilson v. Carter, 2 Str. 1201. A surrender by taking a new lease, to commence in future, takes- effect immediately.—Semble, Thompson v. Trafford, Popham, 9.

(4) This being an enabling statute, does not apply to Lessee made by the Bishop without the consent of the Dean and Chapter—and which did'not require theaidof the statute—and such learo is not restrained bystac. tEUs.—Fox v* Gotten Moon 197, And. 65.

(5) If the land has been either moat commonly to farm, or let to farm for more than ten yean

of the last twenty, it seems sufficient.—San Bacon, Leases.

(ft) Semble, that a lease for sixty years, determinable upon- three livea, a good under this statute—the power in the first pair being general— and the lease not falling within the proviso, an ir dees not exceed the.limits prescribed.—Secnrnu to leases under the statutes 1 Elis. Se 13 See Whideck'e case, 8 Rep. 69#—Smith w Trinder, Cto. Car. 22.

(7) On. if this authorise* a letting in aevatul puts of premises befiao let together getpUn, H does.—See Cruise.—See also stxt. 39 St 49 Gv IU* o. 41. infix* No. 14.

€ta»VlIL]

Learn*.

37

have done before the making of this Act; any thing, contained in thiaAxt No. k

CD the contrary notwithstanding. H VTTT

V. And furthermore be it enacted by authority aforesaid, That all leases at any time within the apace of three years next before the twelfth day of "• April in the thirty-first year of our Sovereign Lord the King’s reign, made by writing indented, under seal, by any person or persons of full A confirmation age, of whole memory, not unlawfully co&rcted nor being covert baron, of Leasts made for term of yearn, of any manors lands tenements or ether heredita- before the meats, whereof the lessor or lessors were seised of any estate of inhe- Statute by car^ ritance of and in the same, to their own only use, at the time of making tam pemi* any such lease thereof, and whereof the lessees their executors or "P0 cmfa ayalgn* be now in' possession by virtue of the same lease, and no causa coaditienK of re-entry or forfeiture thereof had or made shall be good and effectual in the law against.the lessors, their heirs and successors, and the heirs. and successors of every of them, according to the covenants articles and agreements specified in every such indenture or lease: So always there be reserved and yearly payable during the same lease to the said lessors, their heirs or successors, or to such other as should or ought ta have had the same manors lands tenements or hereditaments so teased after the decease of such lessors, in case no such lease had thereof been.made, as much yearly rent for the same as was at any time therefore yielden or paid within twenty years next before the making of any such lease; , or else such leases to be of no other force ne effect than they were before the making of this present Act.

VL And moreover lor. certain consideration be It enacted by autbo- The Husband's rifcp aforesaid. That no fine feoffment or other act or acts hereafter to be the

made suffered or done by the husband only, of any manors lands tene-meats or hereditaments, being the inheritance or freehold of his wife, . r n<* pr*~ during the coverture between, mem, shall in any wise be or make any *

discontinuance thereof, or be. prejudicial or hurtful to the said wife or to .

her heirs; or to such as shall have right title or interest to the same by the death of such wife dr wives; but that the same wife and her heirs, and such other to whom such right shall appertain after her decease, 1 c. 3. shall and may then lawfully enter mlo all such manors lands tenements ig gd. \ 1 and hereditaments according to their rights and titles therein.; any such c.3k 40.

fine feoffment or other act to the contrary notwithstanding; fines levied Moor, 58, *pl. by the husband and wife (whereunto the said wife is party and privy) 164.

VII. Provided furthermore. That this clause or Act extend not to give Leases made by any liberty to any such wife, or to her heirs, for to avoid any lease here- the Husband after to be made of any the inheritance of the wife by her husband and md the Wifis her for term of one and.twenty years or under, or any her inheritance ° *

for term of three lifts at the uttermost; whereupon as much yearly rent «the, ox more is or shall be reserved, and yearly payable during the same .

- tease, as was at any time therefore yielden or paid within twenty years 1 next before the making of any such lease, according to the tenor of this present Act; any thing therein amtained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided also, That this Act extend not to make good any lease Leases made by or leases heretofore made by any ecclesiastical person or persons by their Ecclesiastical covent or common seal, which be made void or taken away by authority Persons attainted any Act of Parliament heretofore made; nor extend to make good ed of Treason, any lease or leases heretofore made by any ecclesiastical person or per- 2 Roll. 507. sons now being attainted of treason under their covent seal or otherwise j;

or by any other person or persons now being attainted of treason by Act of Parliament or otherwise; but that all apd singular such lease and leases, and every of them new made or hereafter to be made; shall be of such like effect and strength in the law, and none other, as they and every of them were before me making of this Act; any tiling before mentioned in this Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

only except.

860

J/*)+*[pMtn.

No. II. [No. H. 1 33 Henry VIII. c. 27—The Bill for Leases

33 H. VIII. c. 27.

of Hospitals Colleges and other Corporations.

33HM.VUL c.37. LMMcfHm-pitals, &c. food with cooBtnt of the man foot, ~J«r, 247.

19 H. 7, c, 7.

ALBEIT that by the common laws of this realm of England, all " assents elections grants and leases had made and granted by the dean warden provost master president or other governor of any cathedral church hospital college or other corporation, by whatsoever name they be incorporate or founded, with the assent and consent of the more or greater part of their chapiter fellows or brethren of such corporation, having voices of assent thereunto, be as good and effectual in the taw to the grantees and lessees of the same as if the residue or the Dyer, 247". ' whole number of such chapiter fellows and brethren of such corpora19 H. 7 % c. 7. 4 tion, having voices of assent, had thereunto consented and agreed: Yet

the said common laws, notwithstanding divers founders of such dean-ries hospitals colleges and corporations within the said realm have, upon the foundation and establishment of the same deanries hospitals colleges and other corporations, established and made amongst other their peculiar acts local statutes and ordinances, that if any one of such corporation, having power or authority to assent or disassent, should and would deny any such grant or grants* that then no such lease election or grant should be had granted or leased; and for the performance of the same, every person having power of assent to the same have been and be daily thereunto sworn, and so the residue may not proceed to the perfection of such elections grants and leases, according to the course of the common laws of this realm, unless they should incur the danger of perjury For the avoiding whereof, and for the due execution of the common law universally within this realm, and every place, in one conformity of reason to be used; be it ordained established In Corporations ^nd enacted by the authority of this .present Parliament, That all and none shall have every peculiar act order rule and estatute heretofore made or hereafter a negative voice, to be made by any founder or founders of any hospital college deaniy or other corporation, at or upon the foundation of any such hospital college deaniy or corporation, whereby the grant lease gift or election of the governor or ruler of such hospital college deaniy or other corporation, with the assent of the more part of such of the same hospital college deanry or corporation as have or shall have voice of assent to the same, at the time of such grant lease gift or election hereafter to be made, should be in any wise hindred or let by any one or mo, being the lesser number of such corporation, contrary to the form order and course of the common Jaw of this realm of England, shall be from henceforth An Oath clearly frustrate void and of none effect; and that all oaths heretofore not be observed taken by any person or persons of such hospital college deanry and which b con- other corporation shall be, for and concerning the observance of any tniy to due such order estatute or rule, deemed void and of none effect; and that Statute, from henceforth no manner of person or persons of any such hospital

college deanry or other corporation, shall be in any wise compelled to take any oalh for the observing of any such order estatute or rule, upon the pain of every person so giving such oath to forfeit for every time so offending five pounds; the one moiety thereof to be to the use of our Sovereign Lord the King, and the other moiety thereof to any of the; King’s subjects which will sue for the same in any of the King's

courts of record, by action of debt bill plaint information or otherwise, wherein the defendant shall not be admitted to wage his law, nor any protection noressoign, or any other dilatory plea admitted or allowed.

[No. III.] 1 & 2 Philip & Mary, c. 17.—An Act

.touching Leases hereafter to be made by certain Spiritual Persons.

162 Ph. AM. 1 WHERE in the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster the «• 17, 4 eighth day of June, in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of our


Class VIII.] Lease*.

4 late Ring of famous memory, Heitiy the Eighth, (1) and tbdfe nued and kept until the dissolution of the same Parliament flifi eighteenth day of July next following, one Act entituled An Act for

* for the restitution of the first fruits in the time of vacation to the next

* incumbent, was had and made, wherein are certain clauses for leases

* then made and to be made by spiritual and ecclesiastical persons, to endure and be in force for term of six years, if the incumbents did resign their said spiritual promotions, or if the same should otherwise

* become void by the only act of the same incumbents, as by the same acts more at large may appear: to the intent the parsons and vicars and

* others having cure of souls, may die better attend, and be the more vigi-J lant in their ministry and function

Spiritual Person of his Benefice to a Layman, for some Lessor's resignation or death, altered. Dyer, 255, pi. 7.

r n. Be it enacted by the King our Sovereign Lord and by the Queen our Sovereign Lady, with the assents of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this present Parliament .assembled, and by the authority of the same, That as much of the same Act as doth concern the making good of the said leases, ne any clause sentence provision or article merein contained, shall extend or be construed or adjudged to extend to any lease that shall be made by any parson vicar or any other having any spiritual promotion after the feast of the Purification of our Lady next coming.

(1) Inserted Part I. Class IL

So much of the sut. of 28 H. 8. c. 11, as concerned! the ratifying of Lease made by years after the

The stat. of 28H.8.C. 11. shall not extend to Lease* hereafter to be made by Spiritual Persona.

1 Elis. c. 19.

[No. IV.] 1 Elizabeth, c. 19.—An Act giving Authority

to the Queen’s Majesty, upon the Avoidance of any Archbishoprick or Bishoprick, to take into her Hands certain of the Temporal Possessions thereof, recompensing the same with Parsonages impropriate and Tenths.

4 rpHE Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this present 4 A Parliament assembled, perceiving how necessary it is for the Impe- y CTtct

4 rial crown of this realm to be repaired with the restitution of revenues other Amu- meet for the same, and having assented and fully accorded to restore to ranee* of the same imperial crown the first fruits and tenths of parsonages impro- Bishops1 4 priate, for the increase of the revenue thereof, be also desirous to 5 Co. 2.

4 devise some good means, whereby the said revenue of tenths and im- Cro. Jac. 112.

4 propriate benefices might be in the governance and disposition of the 1 Jac. 1. c. 3.

4 clergy of this realm, being most apt for the same, in such sort as yet the said imperial crown should not be in any wise diminished in the said restored revenue/

II. And therefore beseech your Majesty, That it may be enacted by the The Queen un-authority of this present Parliament in manner and form hereafter follow- powered to ing, that is to say, upon the vacation and avoidance of every archbishoprick take into her orhishoprick within this yotir realm of England and Wales, and other your hand* an the Highness dominions, it shall and may be lawful for your Highness, to avoidance of elect and choose, and to take into your hands and real possession, as *"1 much and so many of any the honours castles manors lands tenements *»mudb of the or other hereditaments, being parcel of the possessions of any such arch-bishoprick orhishoprick so being void, as the clear yearly value of all your "

Majesty's parsonages appropriate and yearly tenths within every such arch-bishoprick or bishoprick shall yearly amount and extend unto; and for ~

the trail of every value of suen honours castles manors lands tenements and hereditaments it shall and may be lawful for your Highness, from lime to time, to direct your letters of commission under your Highness Bishoprick, as-great seal of England into every such archbishoprick or bishoprick, so being mmg the Parsonages, Ac. c. to the promoted Bishop;

• It is arid, that this is s prime act which must be specially pleaded^—Bsceo, Abr. Leases, Q, and the authorities there cited.

No. IV.

1 Elizabeth c. 19.

[fttttif.

void, to such persons as tout Majesty shall thiak meet and convenient, giving them authority thereby to survey suoh honours eastles manors lands tenements and hereditaments, pascal of the possessions of the same archbishoprick or bishoprick so being void, as to your Mqjasty shall be thought meet and convenient to be taken into your Highness hands and possession, and thereupon to certify the very dear yearly value thereof, ever all charges and reprises, into your Highness Court of Exchequer, at such day and time as by the said commission shall be lionised and appointed; and after such certificate into the said Court of Exchequer of the dear yearly value of such honours castles manors lands tenementsand hereditaments so had and made, it shall and may be lawful for vour Highness, by your letters patents, to give and assure unto such archbishop and bishop and Jhis successors as shall be preferred and consecrated archbishop or bishop of such archbishoprick or nishopriokso being void, sq much and so many of your yearly tenths tithes and parsonages appropriated, being within the same archbishoprick or bishoprick, as shall be of as much or of more yearly value as the said honours castlts manors lands tenements or hereditaments, so certified into your said Court of Exchequer, be certified unto; and that immediately upon such gift and grant made by your Highness, and the same by your Majesty under your signet or sign manual signified unto your Treasurer and Barons of your said Court of Exchequer, together with your pleasure for the retaining and keeping of the said honours dastles manors lands tenements or other beredita-/ ments so certified unto your said Court of Exchequer, in lieu and place

of the said tenths tithes and parsonages appropriate, the same and such honours castles manors lands tenements and other hereditaments as so shall then be certified into your said Court of Exchequer, shall be adjudfted'vested and deemed, by authority of this present Parliament, actually and really in your Highness your heirs and successors, and be from thenceforth united and annexed to die imperial crown of this your realm for ever, and from thenceforth shall be in the order survey rule and governance of your said Court of Exchequer, in such like manner and form as other your Highness possessions and hereditaments be at this present.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this Act or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to give any liberty or authority to your Highness, to take from any such archbishoprick or bishoprick any of the mansion-houses commonly used for the habitation or dwelling of any such archbishop or bishop, or any the demean lands commonly used or occupied with any such mansion or dwelling-house or houses or any of them, or to take any other lands or tenements commonly used and kept in the manurance tillage or manual occupation of any archbishop or bishop for the maintenance of hospitality and good housekeeping; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Saving to all and every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, their heirs and successors, and to the heirs and successors of every of them, other than the said archbishops and bishops and their successors, all such estate right title term interest rent profit offices or commodities, as they or any of them have should might or ought to have had, in or to any honours castles manors lands tenements or other hereditaments whatsoever, in such like manner form and condition to all intents

and purposes as if this Act had never been had nor made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Cfloymnces y. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all gifts by Bishops, 6c. grants feoffments fines or other conveyance or estates, from the first day ot~ of this present Parliament, to be had made done or suffered by any arch-bishop or bishop, of any honours castles manors lands tenements or other Mm'fi&a.Dl hereditaments, being parcel of the possessions of his archbishoprick or bishoprick, or united appertaining or belonging to any the same arch-—77fiUp.lfi7fi. bishopricks or bishopricks, to any person or persons, bodies politick or Q?JSL374. Cm. Car. 1*47. V*a. V. & ftftU 8m 1 Bur. 22U

Class VIII.] l*a$e$.

corporate, other than to the Queen’s Highness (1) her heirs or successors, 'whereby any estate or estates should or may pass from the same archbishops or bishops or any of them, other than for the term of xjy. years or three lives, (2) from such time as any such lease grant or assurance shall begin, and whereupon the old accustomed yearly rent or more shall be reserved and payable yearly during the said term of xsg. yean or three lives, shall be utterly void and of none effect^ to all intents constructions and purposes; any law custom or usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. (3)

No. XV.

1 Elisabeth,

c. id.

(1) This Statute had little effect, aa many «atatea were granted to the Queen upon design that the should grant them over to others, on which account the Statute 1 Jac. 1. c. 3, (past Now 12,) was made.—Cow 71. Gibson's Codex, £79. Bacon, Abr. Leases, D.

(2) A lease for sixty years, determinable on three lives, not good within this Statute.—Whitlock's Case, 8 Rep. 69, b.; and aee Roe ex dem. Brane v. Prideaux, 10 East. 158, and the cases there cited, as to leases under powers. A lease te A, for life—remainder to B, for life—remainder

to C, for life, is not good.—Owen v. Ararat, Cro. Car. 95. A bishop is not restrained from making a concurrent lease for years, with the consent of the dean and chapter; hut he cannot, even with such consent, make a lease for liy.es sod another for yean, to be existing at the sjunp time.—Co. Lit. 44, 6.—Bacon, Leases, D. and authorities, ibid.

(3) As to the grants of offices by bishops, set Bacon's Abridgement, Offices and Officer *, X).-r-See also Trelawney v. Bishop of Winchester) 1 Bur. 219.

£ JSo. V.] 13 Elizabeth c. 10.—Fraudulent Deeds made

by Spiritual Persons to defeat their Successors of Remedy for Dilapidations, shall be void, &c. (1)

Ty HERE divers and sundry ecclesiastical persons of this realm, bong 13 Elia. 1.10.

* endowed and possessed of ancient palaces mansion-houses and Wrong* and

* cither edifices and buildings belonging to their ecclesiastical benefices or Frauds pracc livings, have of late years not only suffered the same for want of due tiacd by divers reparations partly to run to great ruin and decay, and in some part Ecclesiastical utterly to fall down to the ground, converting the timber lead and Pewooe.

* stones to their own benefit ana commodity; but also have made deeds Hob.84.

* of gift, colourable alienations, and other conveyances of like effect, of 8

* their goods and chattels in their lives-time to the intent and of purpose

* after their deaths to defeat and defraud their successors of such just

* actions and remedies as otherwise they might and should have had for

* the same against their executors or administrators of their goods, by the

* laws ecclesiastical of this realm, to the great defacing of the state ecclesiastical, and intolerable charges of their successors, and evil precedent

* and example for others, if speedy remedy be not provided

II. Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most excellent Majesty, How the sufrr the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this present fywnT shall Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any hive remedy archbishop bishop dean archdeacon provost treasurer chaunter chancellor where the Ire-prebendary, or any other having any dignity or office in any cathedral or decessor doth collegiate church within this realm; or if any parson vicar or other in- mike i fraudu-cumbeot of any ecclesiastical living whereunto do belong any house or hpuses or other buildings, which by law or custom he is bound to keep W* and maintain in reparation; do from henceforth make any deed or deeds of gift or alienation, or other like conveyances of his moveable goods or i Chattels to the intent and purpose aforesaid; that then the successor and § "V successors of him that shall make suctuleed or deeds of gift or alienation, 1 shall and may commence suit, and have such remedy in any court ecclesiastical of this realm competent for the matter, against him or them to whom such deed or deeds of gift or alienation shall be so made, for the amendment and reparation of so much of the said dilapidations and

(1) This and the preceding Act* 1 Eli *, are merely restraining Acts, and do not render valid any lease not confirmed according to Statute 32 Henry VIII. c. 28, (ante No. 1, in this Class,)

or otherwise void.—Co. Lit. 45, a. This i» a public Act; it extends to the King, although not named.—Bacon, Abr. Lease *, D. and authorities there cited.

by VjOOJ2 1C

1 ftoll 151, 168, 171# 2Koll. 169, 170* 276, 403, 405. 408.

Whit Conveyances, utd for what time Spiritual Persons may make of their Lands Tithes, Ac. c.

2 Bulstr. 805.

Lumt. [Put n.

decays or just recom pence for the same, as hath happened by his fact or default, in such sort as be might should or ought lawfully to have, if be or they to whom such deed or deeds of gift or alienation shall be so made were executor or executors of the testament and last will of him that made such deed or deeds of gift or alienation, or were administrator or administrators of his goods or chattels; any law custom or other thing to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And for that long and unreasonable leases made by colleges

* deans and chapters parsons vicars' and other having spiritual promotions.

be the chiefest causes of the dilapidations and the decay of all spiritual

* livings and hospitality, and the utter impoverishing of all successors incumbents in the samebe it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from henceforth all leases gifts grants feoffments conveyances or estates to be made had done or suffered by any master and fellows of any college dean and chapter of any cathedral or collegiate church, master or guardian of any hospital, (2) parson vicar or any other having any spiritual or ecclesiastical living, or any houses lands tithes tenements or other hereditaments, being any parcel of the possessions of any such college cathedral church chapter hospital parsonage vicarage or other

Moor 593 pi. spiritual promotion, or any ways appertaining or belonging to the same, U02. or any of them, to any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate,

(other than for the term of one and twenty years, or three lives, from the time as any such lease or grant shall be made or granted, whereupon the accustomed yearly rent or more shall be reserved and payable yearly during the said term) shall be utterly void and of none effect, to au intents constructions and purposes; any law custom or usage to the contrary any ways notwithstanding.

18 EL c. 11, f 1. by 14 El. c. 11, $ 17, Ac. c. not to extend to Leases of Houses, and which are otherwise provided for by that Statute. 1 Mod. 204. Cro. El. 430. Cro. Car. 259. Vaughan, 204.

4 Cow 261. Savil, 129. 2 Co. 46. 6 Co. 37. 11 Co. 67. 2 Mod. 56. Co. Lit. 44, a. b.

Moor, 459, pL 636. Goldah. 171, pL 102. 1 BrownL 182. 8 Co. 70. Hob. 269, declared to Indude Bede Houses, Ac. c. 14 Elis. c. 14.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this Act nor any thing therein contained, shall be taken or construed to make good any lease or other grant to be made by any such college or collegiate church within either of both the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or elsewhere within the realm of England, for more years than are limited by the private statutes of the same college.

V. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend to any lease hereafter to be made upon surrender of any lease heretofore made, or by reason of any covenant or condition contained in any lease heretofore made and now continuing, so that the lease to be made do not contain more years than the residue of the years of the former lease now continuing shall be at the time of such lease hereafter to be made, nor any less rent than is reserved in the said former lease. [4 Co. 120. 5 Co. 14. continued by 1 Jac. 1. c. 25 & 21 Jac. 1. c. 28. to the end of the next session of Parliament, and further continued by 1G Car. 1. c. 4.J

No

to be made un-lew the first expires, Ac. c. within three years, Ac. c.

by the Private Statutes of any College.

New Leases made upon the surrender of old, or former Conveyances.

1 Anders. 65. Hob. 7.

2RoU. 401, 416.

(2) ByStat. 14 Elis. c. 16, (post No. 8,) it is enacted, that the words M Master or Guardian* were intended and meant of all hospitals, Mdison DUm, bede houses, and other houses, ordained for the Sustentttion and relief of the poor, and no shall be expounded. This Act extends to all colleges, by whatever name incorporated, whether temporal for the advancement of the liberal arts and sciences, or mere ecclesiastical or mixed,

and to all hospitals, whether the corporation be sole or aggregate.—Case of Magdelen College, 11 Co, 76. A lease by dean and chapter cannot be vacated during the continuance of the same dean; but where there, is a chapter without a dean, as the chapter of the collegiate church of Southwell, a lease not conformable to the statute is void, o6 initio.—3 Co, 60, Co, Lit. 45, 325. Hardres, 326.

Leases.

388

Class VIII.]

[No. VI.] 13 Elizabeth, c. 20.—An Act touching Leases

of Benefices and other Ecclesiastical Livings with Cure.

rFIIAT the livings appointed for ecclesiastical ministers may not by A corrupt and indirect dealings be transferred to other uses; be it enacted by the authority of this present Parliament, That no lease after the fifteenth day of May next following the beginning of this Parliament, to he made of any benefice or ecclesiastical promotion with cure or any part thereof, and not being impropriated, snail endure any longer than while the lessor shall be ordinarily resident and serving the cure of such benefice without absence above fourscore days in any one year, but that every such lease, so soon as it or any part thereof shall come to any possession or use above forbidden, or immediately uj>on such absence, snail cease and be void; and the incumbent so offending shall for the same lose one year’s profit of his said benefice, to be distributed by the ordinary among the poor of the parish: And that all chargings of such benefices, with cure hereafter with any pension, or with any profit out of the same to be yielded or taken, hereafter to he made, other than rents to be reserved upon leases hereafter to be made according to the meaning of this Act, snail be utterly void.

II. Provided, That every parson by the laws of this realm allowed to have two benefices may demise the one of them upon which he shall not then be most ordinarily resident to his curate only, that shall there setve the cure for him; but such lease shall endure no longer than during such curate’s residence, without absence above forty days in any one year: This Act to continue to the end of the next Parliament. [3 Car. c. 4. made perpetual. Note, That in this statute, these words (so soon as it or any part thereof shall come to any possession or use above forbidden, or) are repealed. 14 Eliz. c. 11. § 14]

No. VI.

IS Eliz. c. 20.

13 Eliz. c. 20.

How long the Lease of a Benefice shall endure.

The Parsons Lease to his Curate.

* This statute is repealed by 43 Geo. III. c. 84, § 10-—but is inserted on account of some general references in subsequent statutes. Vide 57 Geo. 3. c. 99. supra.

[No. VII.] 14 Elizabeth, c. 11.—An Act for the Con- 3P.

tinuation Explanation Perfecting and Enlarging of divers Statutes.

4 XI. AND where also in the said Parliament begun and holden at West- 14 Eliz. c. 11.

4 minster the said second day of April, there was also one other Act 13 E1 Cm 2q.

4 and Statute made for the avoiding of some leases in certain cases to be 1 made of ecclesiastical promotions with cure, intituled An Act touching Leases of Benefices and Ecclesiastical Livings with Cure; which Act was likewise made to continue to the end of the next Parliament.

4 XIV. Provided also, and be it enacted that these words4 [So soon as Certain words it or any part thereof shall come to any possession or use above forbid- contained in the den, orJ* which words are contained in the said statute made in the said Statute of thirteenth year touching leases of benefices and other ecclesiastical livings 13 Eliz. c. 20. with cure, shall not be revived by this Act, but remain discontinued, and discontinued, shall from henceforth be omitted out of the said Act; any tiling in the said Act or in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And where sundry evil-disposed persons have defrauded the true meaning of the said lastmentioned statute made in the said thirteenth year, ^05.

4 by bonds and covenants of suffering other persons to enjoy, ecclesiastical °nds and livings and the fruits thereof, for that such bonds and covenants are not Twen?nt? for f 4 in law taken to be leases, although indeed they amount to a9 much Be it therefore enacted, That all bonds contracts promises and covenants voj^ hereafter to be made for suffering or permitting any person to enjoy any 43 ei. c, q#

' 1 Bulstr. 112. 3 Bulstr. 202. Moor, 641, 833.

* By 57 Geo. 3. c. 99. Ante Part I. Class II. 60 much of this Act as extends to leases of benefices and livings is repealed.


Leases made by

Curates of Benefices with Cure.

13 El. c. 10.

Leases made by Spiritual Persons of houses in Cities or Corporate Towns.

2 Leon. 188.

1 Roll. 161.

Leata. (Tart II.

benefice or ecclesiastical promotion with cure, or to tajee profits or fruits thereof, other than such bonds and covenants as shall be made for assurance of any lease heretofore made, shall be to all intents and purposes adjudged of such force and validity and not otherwise, as leases by the same persons made of such benefices and ecclesiastical promotions with cure. XVI. And be it further declared and enacted. That all leases bonds

{iromises and covenants of and concerning benefices and ecclesiastical ivings with cure, to be made by any curate, shall be of no other nor better force validity or continuance, than if the same had been made by the beneficed person himself that demised, or shall demise the same to any such curate.

* XVII. And where in one other Act made in the said thirteenth year,

* intituled An Act againstfraudulent Gifts, to the intent to defeat Dilapida- tions of Ecclesiastical Livings, and for Leases to be granted by Collegiate Churches, there is one branch to avoid certain leases to he made by masters and fellows of colleges, deans and chapters of cathedral or coilegiate churches, masters or guardians of any hospital, or by any parson vicar or any other having any spiritual or ecclesiastical living: be it enacted, That the said branch nor any thing therein contained 'shall not extend to any grant assurance or lease of any houses belonging to any the persons or bodies politick or corporate aforesaid; nor to any grounds to such houses appertaining, which houses be situate in any city torough town corporate or market-town, or the suburbs of any of them, but that all such nouses and grounds may be granted demised and assured, as by the laws of this realm and the several statutes of the said colleges cathedral churches and hospitals they lawfully might have been before the making of the said statute, or lawfully might be if the said statute were not; so always that such house be not the capital or dwelling-house used for the habitation of the persons abovesaid, nor have ground to the same belonging above the quantity of ten acres; any thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all sums of money hereafter to be recovered for or in name of dilapidations, by sentence composition or otherwise, shall within two years after such receipt be truly employed upon the buildings and reparations in respect whereof such money for dilapidations shall be paid; on pain that every person so receiving and not employing as aforesaid, shall forfeit double, as much as so shall he by him received and not employed; the which forfeiture shall be to the use of the Queen’s Majesty her heirs and successors.

XIX. Provided alway, and be it enacted, That no lease shall be permitted to be made by force of this Act in reversion, (1) nor wirhout reserving the accustomed yearly rent at the least, nor without charging the lessee with the reparations, nor for longer term than forty years at the most; nor any houses shall be permitted to be aliened, unless that m

recompense thereof there shall be afore, with or presently after such

No^lkge»hail alienation, good lawful and sufficient assurance made in fee simple abso-•lien any house lute!} to such colleges houses bodies politick or corporate and their sue-without present cessors of lands of as good value, and of as great yearly value at the least, and sufficient as so shall be aliened; any statute to the contrary notwithstanding, satisfaction. XX. And forasmuch as all the same several Acts and statutes and 1 every of them do seem good beneficial and heedful to be further con-The fint men- tinned, for the weal and profit of this realm, ’ be it therefore now enacted, tioned 13 stat. ty the Queen’s most excellent Majesty, with the assent of the Lords Spi-continued until ritual and Temporal and the Commons in this present Parliament assem-the end of the Med, and by the authority of the same, That the same several Acts and next Parlia- Statutes and every of them, and all and every article clause and sentences ment. in them and evety of them contained, shall continue, be and endure in

full force and effect until the end of the next Parliament. 39 El. c. 18.

Money recovered for Dilapidations shall be employed in repair of the aame houses.

Certain observations in the Leases to be made by Spiritual Persons according to this Statute.

(1) A concurrent lgpe, there being ten years to commence within three years, is good by stat. expired of the old one, is a lease in reversion, 18 Elis.—Bay ley V, Muria, Ventr. 244, 2 Lev. 61. and void within thiq Act.—Hume v. Singleton, Vi. Case of Magdalen Collage, Popfa. 8. r Cro. Elis. 564. flu. if a lease under this statute, Digi ay

Class VIII.]

Leases.

387

[No. VIII.]N 14 Elizabeth, c. 14.—An Act for the As- No. VIII, surance ofN Gifts Grants, &c. made and to be made to 14 Eliz.

and for the Relief of the Poor in the Hospitals, &c. c. 14.

* ItfllEUE our late Sovereign Lord of famous memory King Edward ,

* the Sixth, by his letters patents dated the twenty-sixth day of 14 JI. 14,

* June in the seventh year of his most gracious reign, did found erect and establish three hospitals in and near to the city of London, called the hospitals of King Edward the Sixth, of Christ Bridewell and St. Thomas the Apostle; and by his said letters patents gave and granted power and

* liberty for purchasing of lands tenements and hereditaments for the

* relief and sustentation of the poor in the said hospitals, as by the said letters patents more plainly appeareth. And whereas also our late Sovereign Lord King Uenrit the Eighth, by his letters patents dated the thirteenth of January in the thirty-eighth year of his reign, did found an hospital in West Smithfield called Little St. Bartholomew's, near London. And whereas divers well-disposed and charitable persons have given lands tenements and hereditaments to the relief and sustentation of the poor, not only in the said hospitals, but also in other hospitals.

4 And as it is hoped many more hereafter will likewise charitably give, and where many of such gifts and assurances have been and are likely to

4 he made by the last wills of the givers thereof, at which time for want

4 of counsel or other opportunities it may happen that the right name of the said corporation hath not or shall not be truly named or expressed,

4 whereby may grow some question of the validity of such grants gifts or devises Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all gifts grants legacies devises and assurances made or to be made of any lands tenements and hereditaments by will feoffments or otherwise, to the use or for the relief of the poor in any hospital now remaining and being in esse, and employed to llie relief or maintenance of the poor in the said hospitals or any of them, shall be as good and available in law, according to the true meaning of any such donor grantor testator devisor or assurer, as if the said cor|K>ration had been or were in the writings or deeds of such gifts grants devise or assurance, or in such last will or testament, rightly or truly named; any such misnaming misreciting or not true naming or reciting of the said corporation to the contrary notwithstanding: saving to all and every person and persons bodies politick and corporate their heirs and successors, other than such donor grantor testator devisor and assurer their heirs and successois, all such right title and interest as they or any of diem have or shall have in or to any lands tenements or hereditaments 60 given granted devised or assured, as if this Act had never been had nor made. And where in the la.'t Parliament holden at Westminster it was provided and enacted among other things, That from henceforth all leases gifts grants feoffments con- 13 El. c. 10, veyances or estates, to be had made or suffered by any master and fellows. 9 3. of any college, dean and chapter of any cathedral church, master or guardian of any hoapilal, parson vicar or any other having any spiritual living of any house lands tenements or hereditaments, parcel of the possession of any such college cathedral church hospital parsonage vicarage or other spiritual promotion, or pertaining to the same or any of them, to any person or persons bodies politick or corporate, other than for term of one and twenty years, or three lives, in manner and form as is mentioned in the said Act, should be utterly void and of none effect. Be it enacted and declared by the authority of this present Parliament, That these words,

(master or guardian^of any hospital mendoned in the said former Act, were intended and mteant erf all hospitals maison dims head-houses and other houses ordained for the sustentation or rebel of the poor, and so shall be expounded, declared and taken for ever.

«c 2

388

Leant.

[Part II.

13 Elii. c. 6.

Upon Leases made by Colleges, a child part of the Rent shall be reserved in corn.

Mouncken Barn, in Sussex.

Fifield demised to White,

[No. IX, ] 18 Elizabeth, c.6.—An Act for Maintenance

of the Colleges in the Universities, and of Winchester and Eaton.

Tj'Olt the better maintenance of learning, and the better relief of scholars in the universities of Cambridge and Oxford and the colleges of Winchester and Eaton, be it enacted by the Queen's Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by, the authority of the same, That no master provost president warden dean governor rector or chief ruler of any college cathedral church hall or house oflearning in any of the universities aforesaid, nor any provost warden or other head officer of the said colleges of Winchester or Eaton, nor the corporation of any of the same, by what title style or name soever they now be shall or may be called, after the end of this present session of Parliament, shall make any lease for life lives or years of any farm or any their lands tenements or other hereditaments to the which any tithes arable land meadow or pasture doth or shall appertain, except that the one-third part at the least of the old rent be reserved and paid in corn for the said colleges cathedral church halls and houses; that is to say, in good wheat after six shillings and eight pence the quarter or under, and good malt at five shillings the quarter or under, to he delivered yearly, upon days prefixed, at the said colleges cathedral church halls or houses; and for default thereof to pay to the said colleges cathedral church halls or houses in ready money at the election of the said lessees their executors administrators and assigns after the Bate of the best wheat and malt in the market of Cambridge, tor the rents that are to l»e paid to the use of the house or houses there; and in the market of Oxford, tor the rents that are to be paid to the use of the house or houses there; and in the market of Winchester, for the rents that are to be paid to the use of the house or houses there; and in the market of Windsor, for the rents that are to he paid to the use of the house or houses at Eaton, is or shall he sold the nexA market day before the said rent shall he due, without fraud or deceit: and that all leases otherwise hereafter to be made, and all collateral bonds or assurance to the contrary, by any of the said corporations shall be void in law to all intents and purposes: the same wheat malt or the money coming of the same to be expended to the use of the relief of the commons and diet of the said colleges cathedral church halls and houses only, and by no fraud or colour let or sold away from the profit of the said colleges cathedral church halls and houses, and the fellows and scholars in the same, and the use aforesaid, upon pain of deprivation of the governor and chief rulers of the said colleges cathedral church halls and houses, and all other thereunto consenting.

JT, Provided always, That this Act or any thing therein contained, shall not extend or be in any wise prejudicial to any lease to be made of a bant called Mouncken Barn, with a certain portion of tithes rising growing and being in the parish of SotUhweek m the county of Sussex, .being parcel of the possessions of Maudlin College, in Oxford, so that the term demised in and by the said lease exceed not the number of ten years from and after the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel next coming; any thing therein specified to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided also, That this Act shall not extend to any lease to be made by the president and scholars of the college of St. John Baptist in Oxford, to any heir male of Sir Thomas White, Tate knight ana afder-'man of London, founder of the said college; which lease snail be made according to the meaning of the foundation and statutes of the said college of the manor of Fifield, and no other hereditaments.

* This it a private statute and mutt be pleaded.—1 Leon, S06.—-8aville, 309.

Leases'.

389

Class VIII.]

[No. X.] 18 Elizabeth, c* 11.—An Act for Explanation

of the Statutes, intituled, Against defeating of Dilapi* dations and against Leases to be made of Spiritual Promotions in some Respects.

* ^VHEUF.AS by a statute made in a Parliament holden at Westminster j j

the second day of April in the thirteenth year of the reign of our .

4 most gracious Sovereign Lady, intituled An Act against fraudulent ^hw^nve 1 G ifts, to the intent to defeat Dilapidations of Ecclesiastical Livings, and anc*rto for Leases to be granted by Collegiate Churches, It was amongst other macje of things enacted by the authority of Parliament, That from thenceforth Spjrituai jjving,

4 all leases gifts grants feoffments conveyances or estates to be made had whereof there *

4 done or suffered by any master and fellows of any college, or by any u a Lease in

* dean and chapter of any cathedral or collegiate church, master or being, not to be guardian of any hospital, parson vicar or any other having any spiritual determined

4 or ecclesiastical living, or any houses lands tithes tenements or other within three hereditaments, being any parcel of the possessions of any such college years, and all

* cathedral church chapter hospital parsonage vicarage or other spiritual Bonds and Co-4 promotion, or any ways appertaining or belonging to the same, or any tenants for re-‘.of them, to any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, other n'T.in£ the.*'eo*> 4 than for the term of twenty-one years or three lives, fioni the time of Abe T0, d *

4 any such lease or grant shall be made or granted, whereupon the ac- St 4 customed y*arly rent or more shall be reserved and payable yearly 13 4 during the said term, shall be utterly void and of none effect, to ail toUChine As- *

4 intents constructions and purposes; any law custom or usage to the surances made Contrary notwithstanding, as in the said Act more plainly appeurcih: by Spirit al

Persons of their Lands Tithes, &c.

II. Sithence the making of which said estatute, divers of the said Practices to ecclesiastical and spiritual persons and others having spiritual or eccle- defeat the siastical livings, have from time to time made leases for the term of meaning of the twenty-one years or three lives, long before the expiration of the former ^oresa^ Statute. 4 years, contrary to the true meaning and intent of the said statute; * 1 Anders. 65. Be it therefore enacted by this present Parliament, That all leases here- Le *, by Splatter to be made by any of the said ecclesiastical spiritual nr collegiate ^*1 Persons persons or others, of any their said ecclesiastical spiritual or collegiate of their Lands lands tenements or hereditaments, whereof any former lease for years is in Lease, in being, not to be expired surrendered (I) or ended within three years next after the making of any such new lease, shall he void frustrate and of none effect; (9) any law usage or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it likewise enacted by the authority aforesaid, That aU A Bond or Co., and every bond and covenant whatsoever hereafter to be made for renew- venant for the ing or making of any lease or leases, contrary to the true intent of tills renewing of a Act, or of the said Act made in the said thirteenth year, shall he utterly Lease.

void; any law statute ordinance or oihcr thing whatsoever to the con- Moor, 789, pi., trary in any wbe notwithstanding. 1089. Godb. 29 *

IV. Provided always, That this Act, nor any thing therein contained, Leases made > shall extend or be prejudicial to make frustrate or void any lea^e or before this leases heretofore made by any of the said spiritual or ecclesiastical person Statute.

or persons or any of them, but that the same and every of them are of the like force and effect as they or any of them were before the making of this present statute; this Ad or any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Sect. 5 & 6 relate to St. John’s College, Oxford.1

VII. And whereas in one other statute made'in the said thirteenth 13 El. c. 20.

4 year of her Majesty, intituled An Act touching Leases of Benefices, Repealed 43 4 and other Ecclesiastical Livings with Cure, one clause is contained, That G. 3.

the incumbent offending the purport of the said statute shall for the See 43 El. c. 11. 4 same lose one year’s profit ot bis said bcnHioe, to l*e distributed by the 1 Jac. c. 3.

(I) See as to Surrenders, stat. 32 Hen. VUI. (2) This does not extend to Leases allowed c. 28. Section 2. Note 3. No. I. in this Class. stat. 14 ELi. c. 11.—<Crane v, Taylor, Hob. by

In what case sequestration may be granted by the Ordinary of a Benefice demised contrary to the Stat. of 13 EL c. 20.

In what case

the Parishioner* may retain the Tithes.

Lf<utet. [Part II»

4 ordinary aramg the poor of the parish, as by the said branch in the said last recited statute appeareth :* He il therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That alter complaint made to the ordinary, and sentence given upon any offence committed by the incumbent, whereby be shall or ought to lo*e one year’s profit of his benefice as afo»e shewed, that the ordinary, within two Inouths after such sentence given and request to him made by the churchwardens of the said parish or one of them, shall grant the sequestration of such profit* to such inhabitant or inhabitants within the pariah where such benefice shall be as to him shall seem meet and convenient; and upon default therein ly the ordinary, that it may and shall be lawful to every parishioner where the benefice is, to retain and keep his or their tithes, and likewise for the churchwardens of the said parish to enter ami take the profits of the glebe lands, and other rents and duties of every such benefice, to be employed to the use of the poor as aforesaid, untd such time as sequestration shall he committed r>y the ordinary, and then as wed the churchwardens as the parishioners to yield account of and make payment to him or them to whom such sequestration shall be comrfiitted; and that he or they to whom such sequestration shall be committed from time to time shall justly and truly employ and bestow the said profits, or the true and just value thereof, without fraud or guile, to such uses as by the said statute is limited and appointed, upon pain of forfeiture of the double value of such withholden profits, to be recovered in the ecclesiastical court by the poor of the said parish. 4 Co. 120. Co. Lit. 44.

[No. XI.] 4$ Elizabeth, c. 9.—An Act for Continuance of divers Statutes, and for Repeal of some others.

* This (and other statutes) after divert continuances, were in effect made perpetual bysut. 16 Chaa. L c. 4. But is now repealed by stat. 57 Geo. III. c. 99, supra Part I. CL IL

[No. XII.] 1 James I. c. 3.—An Act against the Diminution of the Possessions of Archbishopricks and Bishopricks, and for avoiding of Dilapidations of the same.

4 TIWHEREAS all the archbishopricks and bishopricks within this realm of England were in ancient times founded by his Majesty’s most noble progenitors, kings of this realm, and in res|>ect thereof his Majesty is lawful and rightful patron of all and every of the same:And where also by the laws anti statutes of this realm no. archbishop or bishop can make any conveyance assurance or estate whatsoever, of any

• honours castles manors lands tenements or hereditaments, parcel of the

By the Statute possessions of his archbishoprick or bishoprick, or united appertaining of 1 El. c. 19. 4 or belonging to any of the same, to any subject whatsoever, whereby

no Bishop can any estate should or might pass from any archbishop or bishop, other make any Lease < than for term of one and twenty years or three lives, w ith such reser-of his Land but < vatj0ns of rent and in such manner and form as by the laws and sta-for 24 years, or tutrs are provided: llis most Excellent Majesty understanding that three lives, to a, jivere persons have, with great suit and importunity, sought to frus-*u jec trate the true end and intent of the said good laws and statutes in that

4 behalf, of his Christian and princely piety and care, minding so to

• patronize and protect the said possessions from alienation or diminu• tion, as that the same may, according to the true intent of the founders,

• remain and continue in succession to the archbishops and bishops of this realm and their successors, for the better maintenance of God's true religion, keeping of hospitality, and avoiding of dilapidations, and thereby for ever hereafter to avoid all suits ana importunities for or concerning any of the said possessions, hath, out of his own ineer and

• godly motion, and of his blessed deposition for the public good, without all regard of any private respect, vouchsafed, and is pleased. That

• it may be enacted and established by his Majesty, by and with the

1 Jac. I. c, 3.

All Assurances made to the King of the Lands of Bishops shall be void.

Class VIII.]

Lease*.

4 assent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled

II. And be it enacted and established by authority of the same, That every archbishop and bishop within this realm, and their and every of their successors, shall be from and after the end of this present Session of Parliament, for ever wholly and utterly disabled in law to make do No Bishop levy or suffer any act or acts thing or things, whereby or by means shall assure his whereof any of the said honours castles manors lands tenements or Land to the hereditaments, or any part of them or any of them, shall or may be Kin?* aliened assured given granted demised charged or in any sort conveyed }° °* ??' to our said Sovereign Lord the King his heirs or successors; And that 11 C0*71* all alienations assurances gifts grants leases charges and conveyances whatsoever, from and after the end of this present session of Parliament, to be done suffered or made to our Sovereign Lord the King his heirs or successors, by any archbishop or bishop or their or any of their successors, of or out of any of the said possessions, or of or out of any part or parcel of them or any of them, and all and every confirmation and confirmations of the same, shall be from and after the end ot this present session of Parliament utterly void and of none effect, to all intents con- Co. Lit. 44. structious and purposes; any former law statute act ordinance or other matter or thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

[No. XIII*] 5 George III. c. 17-—An Act to confirm all Leases already made by Archbishops and Bishops, and other Ecclesiastical Persons, of Tithes and other Incorporeal Hereditaments, for one two or three Life or Lives, or twenty-one Years; and to enable them to grant such Leases and to bring Actions of Debt for Recovery of Rents reserved and in Arrear on Leases for Life or Lives.

4 TO'IIEREAS it may be doubtful whether by the laws now in being, 5 Geo. III. 4 archbishops or bishops masters and fellows, or any other head and c. 17.

4 members of colleges or halls, deans and chapters precentors preben- claries masters and guardians of hospitals, or any oilier person or persons having any spiritual or ecclesiastical promotions, heretofore had or now have any power to make or grant any lease or leases of tithes, or other incorporeal hereditaments oiily, which lie in grant and not in livery for one two or three lives or for any term or terms of years not exceeding

* twenty-one years although the ancient rent or yearly sura is thereby mentioned to- be reserved, and all other requisites prescribed by the Acts of Parliament now in being to that end, or any of them, were or are justly and truly observed and performed, by reason that there is generally no place wherein a distress can be had or taken for such rent or yearly sum; and it may be also doubtful whether in cases of such .* leases for life or lives there is any remedy in law for such ecclesiastical or other persons, by action of debt or otherwise, for recovering the rent or yearly sum due and in arrear which is mentioned to be reserved un < such leases for life or lives:Therefore, for obviating ail doubts touch-" ing the same, and enabling the said archbishops ana bishops masters and fellows, or other heads and members of colleges or halls, deans and chapters precentors prebendaries masters and guardians of hospitals,

4 and other ecclesiastical persons, to make valid leases of such their in* corporeal hereditaments, and to recover the rents or yearly sum mentioned to be reserved on any leases by them already granted or to be granted for one two or three lives as aforesaid; and also to make good and effectual all such leases as have already been granted by them or any of themMay it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons

302 No. XII!. & Geo. HI. c. 17.

Leases made by Ecclesiastical Persons of Incorporeal Hereditaments for Life, or Yeirs, declared to be good.

32 H. 8, c. 28.

Actions may b: brought for Rents in arrear, &c,

Public Act.

Leant. [Part H.

in this present Parliament assembled, ami by the authority of the same, That all leases tor one two or three life or lives, or ary term not exceeding twenty-one years, already made and granted, or which shall at any time from and after the parsing this Act be made or granted, of any tithes tolls or other incorporeal hereot foments, solely and wi'hout any lands or corporeal hereditaments, by any archbishop or bishop master and fellows, or other bead and memtiers of colleges or halls, deans and chapters pre-centore prebendaries masters and guardians of hospitals, and every other person and persons who are enabled by the several statutes now in being, or any of them, to make any lease or leases for one two or three life or lives, or any term or number of years not exceeding twenty-one years, of any lands tenements or other corporeal hereditaments, shall lie and are hereby deemed and declared to be as good and effectual in law against such archbishop bishop masters and fellows, or other heads and members of colleges or nails, cleans and chapters precentors prebendaries masters and guardians of hospitals, and other persons so granting the same, and their successors and every of them, to all intents and purposes, as any lease or leases already made or to be made by any 'ich archbishop or bishop master and fellows, or other heads and members of colleges or halls, deans and chapters precentors prebendaries masters and guardians of hospitals, and other persons having spiritual promotion, of any lands or other corporeal hereditaments now are, by virtue of the statute of the thirty-second year of King Henry the Eighth or any other statute now in being; any law custom or usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or he construed to extend to enable any master and fellows, or other head and members of colleges or halls, deans and chapters precentors prebendaries masters and guardians of hospitals, or other ecclesiastical persons as aforesaid, to grant leases for any longer or other terms than by the local statutes of their several foundations they are now respectively enabled to do.

III. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That In case the rent or rents or yearly sum or sums reserved or made payable in or by any lease or leases already made or to be made by any archbishop or bishop master and fellows, or other head and members of colleges or - halls, deans and chapters precentors prebendaries masters and guardians of hospitals, and every other person and jiersons so enabled to make leases as aforesaid, for one two or three life or lives or years, in pursuance of the several Acts of Parliament already in being, or by this present Act or any part thereof, shall be behind or unpaid by the space of twenty-eight days next over or after any of the days where* on the same by such Tea«e or leases now are pr hereafter shall or may be reserved and made payable; then and so often, and from time to time as it shall so happen, it shall and may be lawful for such archbishop or bishops, master and fellows, or other head and members of colleges or halls, deans and chapters prebendaries precentors masters and guardians of hospitals, and other persons so making or granting or having made or granted such leases as aforesaid, or their executors administrators and successors respectively, to bring an action or actions of debt agiinst the lessee or lessees to whom any such lease or leases for life or lives or years now are or hereafter shall be made and granted, his her or their heirs executors administrators or assigns, for recovering the rent or rents which shall be then due and in arrear to any such archbishop or bishops, masters aitd fellows, or other heads and members of colleges or halls, deans chapters precentors prebendaries master and guardians of hospitals, and other person or persons before mentioned, his or their executors administrators or successors, in such and the same manner and as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as any 1 indiord or lessor, or other person or persons, could or might do for recovering of arrears of rent clue on any lease or leases for life or lives or years, by the laws now in being; any law statute usage or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted and decl$££^bJ^Lj

Class VIII.] Leases.

aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a public Act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such in all courts of law and equity, without specially pleading the same.

393 No. xii r.

5 Geo. III. c. 17.

[No. XIV.] 39 & 40 George III. e. 41.—An Act for explaining and amending several Acts, made in the thirty-second Year of King Henry the Eighth, and the first thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as respects Leases granted by Archbishops Bishops Masters and Fellows of Colleges, Deans and Chapters of Cathedral anti Collegiate Churches, Masters and Guardians of Hospitals, and others having any Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Living or Promotion. — [I61A May, 1800.]

4 WHEREAS doubts have arisen whether archbishops bishops, masters 39 & 40 G. III. 4 and fellows of colleges, deans and chapters of cathedral and col- c.41.

' legiate churches, masters and guardians of hospitals, and others having any spiritual or ecclesiastical living or promotion, who are by several Acts, passed in the reigns of their late Majesties King Henry the Eighth and Queen Elizabeth, restrained from granting any leases of their estates whereon the accustomed yearly rent is not reserved, can lawfully grant separate leases of parts of lauds or tenements which have been usually demised by one lease and under one rent, reserving on die several parts so demised less than the rent anciendy reserved on the demise of the whole, though the aggregate amount of the rents so reserved on such separate demises should be equal to or exceed the amount of the annual accustomed rent for the whole:And whereas many such separate leases have been granted, and great inconvenience may arise to {>ersons claiming under such leases, it such leases should not he deemed valid and effectual, in case the amount of the rent anciently reserved on demises of the whole shall appear to have been reserved on the separate demises of the different parts; and the power of dividing tenements anciendy so demised in one parcel at one rent may m many cases tend to improve the value of the estates belonging to such ecclesiastical persons and bodies respectively, as well as to die benefit of their lessees and the publickMay it therefore Where any please your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Part.ofth? Po* King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parlia- Arcjlb"ftoP»"c-ment assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in all cases j* any°Ecck~ where any honours castles manors messuages lands tithes tenements or Living

other hereditaments, being parcel of the possessions of any archbishop be debishop, master and fellows^ dean and chapter, master or guardian of any mi*ed by several hospital, or any other person or persons, or body or bodies politick or Leases, which corporate, having any spiritual or ecclesiastical living or promotion, and was formerly having been anciendy or accustomably demised by one lease under one demised by one, rent, or divers rents issuing out of the whole, now are or shall hereafter or where a part be demised by several leases to one or several persons under an appor- shall be de-tioned or several rents, or where, a part only of such honours manors mi*ed for les* messuages lands tithes tenements or 01 her hereditaments as last men- d* die an-tioned, are or shall be demised by a separate lease or leases, under a less c^€n^R*"t* and rent or less rents dian was or were accustomably reserved for the whole by e, /r4-ue. such former lease, and the residue thereof is or shall be retained in the reU, n *

possession or occupation of the lessor or lessors, die several and distinct rents reserved on the separate demises of the several specific parts Lessor the thereof comprised; in and demised by such several leases, shall be deemed ^eral Rents and taken to be the ancient and accustomed rents for such specific parts reserved on the separate demises of the specific Parts shall be taken to be the ancient Rents within the meaning of 32 H. 8. c, 28. 1 Elis. c. 19. 13 Elis. c. 10. & 14 Elis. c. 11.

394

Leases.

[Part II.

No. XIV.

39 & 40 Geo. III. C. 41.

Demise made before peoing this Act not ▼slid, unless the Rents reserved be equal to or more than the Rents accue-tomably reserved, dec.

Where the whole of such Premises shall in future be demised in parts, the aggregate Rents reserved shall not be lees than the old accustomed Rent, and so in proportion where a part shall be retained in porsessian

respectively, within the intent ard meaning of an Act, passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of his late Majesty King Henry the Eighth, intituled Lessees to enjoy the Farm against the Tenants in Tail; and of an Act passed in the first year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act giving Authority to the Queens Majesty, upon the Avoidance of any Archbishop or Bishop, to take into her Hands certain of the Temporal Possessions thereof, recompensing the same vAth Parsonages impropriate, and Tythes; and of another Act, passed in the thirteenth year of the same Queen, intituled Fraudulent Deeds made by Spiritual Persons, to defeat their Successors of Remedy for Dilapidations, shall be void, &c. and of another Act, passed m the fourteenth year of the reign of the same Queen, intituled An Act for the continuation, explanation, perjccting and enlarging of divers Statutes.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to confirm or render valid any demise made before the passing of this Act, unless the several rents reserved upon the separate demises of separate parts of tenements, theretofore accustomably demised under one entire lease, shall be equal to or more than the rent or rents theretofore accustomably reserved on the entire demise of the whole, or in case the whole should not be demised, but part reserved in the possession of the lessor or lessors, unless the rents reserved on the parts demised should he so far equal to or more than the whole amount of the ancieut rent or rents, that the part not demised should be sufficient to answer the difference.

III. Provided also, That where the whole of any such honours castles manors messuages lands tithes tenements or other hereditaments, accustomably demised by one lease, shall be demised in parts by several leases, after the parsing of this Act, the aggregate amount of the several rents which shall be reserved by such separate leases be not less than the old accustomed rent or rents theretofore reserved by such entire lease; and that where a part only shall be so demised by any such separate lease, and the residue shall be retained in the possession of the lessor or lessors, the rent or rents to be reserved by such separate lease or leases shall not be less in proportion to the fine or fines to be received on granting such lease or leases, than the rent or rents accustomed to be reserved for the whole of the said premises was in proportion to the fine received on granting the last entire lease.

by the Lessor.

No greater pro- Prov*ded also, That no greater proportion of the accustomed rent

portion of the reserve<l by any separate tease hereby confirmed or allowed to be accustomed granted, than the part of the premises thereby severally demised will Rent shall be reasonably bear and afford a competent security for. reserved by any separate Leaee than the part of the Premises demised will bear.

Where sty V. Provided also, That where any specific thing incapable of division specific thing or apportionment shall have been reserved or made payable to the lessor 1>Ck11 *eS5or9> his or their heirs or successors, cither by way of rent or by any reserved by the covenant or agreement contained in any such entire lease, the same mar Lessor, it may wj10jjy reserved and made payable out of a competent part of suen e moetent ° «* or tenements demised by any such several Ivgse as aforesaid; and of the Premises, *n ca5e> *n I*85 already granted and intended hereby to be confirmed, £C< any such provision shall appear to have been made for the payment and

delivery of any such sum or sums of money stipends augmentations or other things as aforesaid, the same shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully made in case the lands and tenements charged therewith shall be of a greater annual value than the payment or odier things so charged, exclusive of the rent or other annual payment reserved to the lessor or lessors.

No Lease con- VI. Provided further, That nothing herein contained shall extend firmed whereon to authorise or confirm any lease whereon no annual rent is or no annual Rent shall be reserved to the lessor or lessors, his or their successors or to the Leaeor is assigns, reserved.

Class Vm.] Leases.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this Act or any thing herein curtained, shall not authorise the reservation or payment uf any rent or rents upon any such several lease made or to he made under authority uf this Act, by any master provost president warden dean governor rector or chief ruler of any college cathedral church hall or

* house ofleaming, in the Universities uf Oxford and Cambridge, or by the warden or other head officer of the colleges of Winchester and Eton, in N .

any other manner or proportions than is required by an Act passed in the eighteenth year uf the reign of her said late Majesty Queen F.lizabltu, tion ~

intituled An Act for the Maintenance if the Colleges in the Universities, Rent and if Winchester and Eton. such Lease

made by any Master, &c. of any College in the Universities, &c. in any other manner than is required by 16 Elis. c. G.

VIII. Provided also, That where any such accustoinably entire leases Where payas aforesaid shall have usually contained covenants on the part of the menu have lessee or lessees for the payment or delivery, or shall have in any other been reserved manner subjected or charged such lessee or lessees to or with the pay- to *cment or delivery, of any sum or sums of money stipend augmentation or than . other thing to or for the use of any vicar curate schoolmaster or other .

person or persons, other than and besides the lessor or lessors, and his JJJJV . or their heirs or successors, all or any such leases as shall hereafter be for the granted of the same lands or lenements in severalty as aforesaid, shall thereand may lawfully provide for the future payment and delivery of such of out of Pre-suui or sums of money stipends augmentations or other things by and miMe9 of three out of any part or parts of the lands or tenements accustomably charged times the an-therewith, uot being of less annual value than three times the amount of nusl value, ex-the payment so to be charged thereon, exclusive of the proportion of rent elusive of the or other annual payments to be reserved to the lessbr or lessors.

IX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend to establish

or confirm the claim of Any vicar curate schoolmaster or other person or, .

persons to any such stun or sums salary stipend or other tiling as afore- y? I? .*ny

said, the payment anti continuance whereot shall depend only on the will ?

Rent.

Not to confirm

such Payment,

of the person or persons, or body or bodies politick or corporate, granting where it deor renewing such lease or leases respectively.

pends only on

the will of the perm granting or renewing the Lease.

X. And be it further enacted, That where any person or persons now Persons holding holding or who shall hereafter hold any such lease or leases as in this such Leases Act mentioned, shall or may hold the same or any specific part of the in tnwt, or lands or tenements thereby demised in trust for any other person or 8rant", £ under persons, or for any body or bodies politick or corporate, or snail have Le*«of*p*-granted any under lease or under leases of any specific part or parts of afic P* er his her of their respective holdings, and be under any covenant or en- covena"tt °* gagement for renewal thereof to any other person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, when and as often as his tier or their own 9

lease or leases shall be renewed, it shall and may be lawful for such per- Leaseimay be son or persons as first mentioned, at any time or times after the passing granted by the of this Act, to surrender his her or their lease or leases, in order that original Let-separate and distinct leases may be granted by the original lessor or lessors son to the of such specific parts of the same premises as shall have been held in Cestuique trust or subject to such covenants or engagements for renewal as afore- Trusts and said, to the respective under lessees and cestuique trusts upon fair and Under Lessees reasonable terms, subject to an apportionment of the accustomed rent or on reasonable rents and other payments, according to the intent and meaning of this terms, subject Act; and every such surrender so made, and the new leases to lie to the accus-granted thereon according to the intent and meaning of this Act, shall *°mcd Rent, be good and effectual in law and equity, notwithstanding such under lessees and cestuique trusts, or any of them, shall or may lie infant *, issue Unborn, femes covert, persons absent from the realm or otherwise iuca-pacitatrd to act for themselves, provided that such new leases respectively be for the benefit of the several persons entitled to the benefit of such surrendered lease or leases respectively, and be expressly so declared in the body of each such new leases respectively. Die

396

Leases.

[Part II.

No. XV. [No. XV.] 58 Geo. III. c. 39.—An Act to explain and 58 Geo. III. amend an Act passed in the Fifty-sixth Year of the c. 39. Reign of his present Majesty, for amending the Law of

Ireland respecting the Recovery of Tenements from absconding overholding and defaulting Tenants, ami for the Protection of the Tenant from undue Distress.— [28th May 1818.]

56 G III c.88 WHEREAS an Act passed in the fifty-sixth year of the reign of his ° present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Law of Ireland respecting the Rccimry of Tent went s from absconding averholding and defaulting Tenants, and for the Protection of the Tenant from undue Distress; And whereas doubts nave arisen whether a tenement which has been held by a tenant at the precise rent of twenty pounds by the year is within the provisions of the said Act; for removal thereof, be it enacted by die Kina's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament Proceedings assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in all cases where any

may be insti- tenement shall have been held at a rent of twenty pounds by the year, it

tuted against shall be lawful to proceed respecting the said tenement in the same

a year. Authorising Proceedings by way of Civil Bill.

- —- - osiaii vi* w U1WVVM i\.op>vuua w*v wsavasivus mmm maw v

Tenants of 201. manner as by the said Act is provided with respect to any tenement which shall have been held at a less rent than twenty pounds by the year.

II. And whereas it hath been usual in proceedings by way of civil bill to insert the civil hill in the process served upon the defendant, but it hath been doubted whether it is not necessary in proceedings under the said Act to file the civil bill with the clerk of the peace previous to serving process upon the defendant: And whereas it is reasonable that the proceedings by way of civil bill under the said Act should be conformable, as nearly as possible, to proceedings by way of civil bill in other ca*c$; be it therefore further enacted, That in all cases falling within the provisions of the said Act, the service of the civil bill and process thereon, in such forms as are contained in the schedule to this Act annexed, or in any other forms to the like effect, shall be as valid and effectual to all intents and purposes as the service of any civil bill and process thereupon now by law is in any other proceeding by way of civil bill.

III. And whereas in proceedings under the said Act for the recovery of the possession of lands or tenements, doubts have at isen as to the admissibility or sufficiency in certain cases of the affidavit of the landlord or lessor or his agent, for ascertaining the amount of rent due; for removal thereof, be it enacted, That in all proceedings under the said Act such affidavit shall be as admissible, and to all intents and purposes of the like force and efficacy, as it would have been if the proceeding had been by action of ejectment.

IV. And whereas it is reasonable that in proceedings for the recovery of the possession of lands or tenements under the provisions of the said Act, the power of enforcing the attendance of witnesses, whether on the

Affidavits of Landlords admissible.

For enforcing the attendance of Witnesses.

of the peace, shall contain the same penalty and be of the same efficacy for the purpose of compelling the attendance of any w itness, w hether suc h witness shall reside within the county or not, as any Subpanu ad Testificandum which might or could be sued out if the proceeding had been by action of ejectment.

V. And whereas it is reasonable, in cases where it may happen that the . or Chair- assistant barrister of any county, or the chairman of the session of the man of Sessions Peaceof the county of Dublin, or the recorder of the county of the city of &c. being a Dublin, is the landlord or lessor of any tenement within his own juris-Landlord in his diction, that provision should be made for extending to such landlord or own jurisdic- lessor the benefits of the said Act; be it therefore enacted, That in every tion, the right to pn>9«etl by way of Civil Bill before Judge of Assize.

Extending to Assistant Bar/

Class VIII.] Leases. 397

such case it shall and may be lawful for such landlord or lessor to pro- No. XV. reed by way of civil bill respecting such tenement, before any judge of R p assize who shall preside in the civil court of the county wherein such vieo. IU. tenement is situate, in the same manner as any other lessor or landlord c* 39. might proceed, respecting any other tenement, before such assistant barrister chairman or recorder, as the ca«e may be.

VI. And be it further enacted, That an appeal shall lie from any Allowing'an decree of such judge, upon such civil bill, to the next going judge of Appeal, assize, in the same manner, and subject to the same restrictions conditions and limitations, as if the decree had been pronounced by an assistant barrister.

VII. And whereas the trouble of the assistant barristers chairman of Authorising the sessions of the peace and recorder, and of thecleiks of the peace certain Fees to and of the aitorniesof the parties, is much greater in proceedings for the ta, £en. recovery of the possession of lands and tenements under the provisions of

the said Act, than in cases of other civil bills; and it is reasonable*that the fees of the said persons upon such proceedings should be increased; be it therefore further enacted, Th it the several fees and sums following, and no greater sums, shall lie charged and taken from any person slicing or being sued upon any civil bill brought for the recovery of the possession of any lands or tenements:

To the assistant barrister chairman or recorder, upon the entry of the civil bill -Upon every affidavit - Upon every recognizance and bail taken on an appeal For signing a renewal - For signing a decree or dismiss But nc charge to be made on the second copy, thereof.

For every bill of costs, where the same is actually taxed by him between attorney and client To the clerk of the peace entering the cause For signing entering and recording every decree or dismiss For signing and entering every renewal For entering the verdict of a jury - For the recognizance of bailand certificate of appeal lodged To the plain tiff’s attorney, in lieu of all other charges for taking instructions, drawing the process, drawing affidavit to verify entering the, cause, preparing for and attending the hearing and drawing up the decree To the plaintiff's attorney, for attending drawing and obtaining the magistrate's certificate, where the proceeding is for recovery of lands or premises abandoned To the defendant's attorney, in lieu of all other charges, for taking instructions, preparing for and attending the hearing and drawing up the dismiss, if the same shall be necessary -

To the attorney, for drawing or filling every renewal, and drawing or filling up the affidavit to obtain such renewal To the sheriff for returning a jury -

For every social warrant granted at the peril of the party requiring the same - To any witness attending on behalf of either party, provided such witness shall have been brought by process ad Testificandum from some place not within the district where such trial shall be held, such viaticum as shall appear to the court to be reasonable: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any attorney to charge to any client the expences of employing counsel in case such attorney shall have received written directions for that purpose from such client; no charge however for such purpose to be allowed on the taxation of costs between party and party.

' £ s. d.

— 5 —

— — Oi

— 1 I

— — Gi

5

2 6

— — Gi

— 1 1

— — 4

— — a

7 6

1 2 9

— 10 —

1 2 9

— — Gi

— 1 —

1 ibyc;

396

No. XV. 58 Geo III.

c. 39.

• No Sum to be allowed for Searches, except ordered.

t Assistant Barristers, Sec. to tax Costs of Suit.

No Attorney entitled to recover until Coats are taxed.

Assistant Barrister, &c. to examine upon oath.

Forms to be used in proceeding under this and the recited Act.

Leases. [furl If.

• Vlir. And be it further enacted, That no sum shall be allowed to the plaintiff's attorney, for any searches for incumbrances affecting the lands and tenements, unless he shall have received directions in writing from the plaintiff or his land agent, authorising him to make the same.

+1X - And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the assistant barrister chairman or recorder, as the case may be, and he is hereby required, on the request of either party or his attorney, to tax the costs between party and party, and to include the same in the decree or dismiss, as the case may be; and further, on the like request, to tax coats between attorney and client, upon any proceedings that shall have been taken or may hereafter he taken for the recovery of the possession of lands or tenements under the provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, receiving for each such taxation the sum of two shillings and sixpence and no more; and that no clerk of the peace shall have any power to tax the same; and that no attorney shall be entitled to recover any sum against any client for or by reason of any proceedings under th'u Act or the said recited Act, or any preparation for such proceedings, unless the same shall have been previously taxed in manner herein provided.

X. And be it further enacted, That upon such taxation it shall and may be lawful for the said assistant barrister chairman or recorder, as the case may be, and he is hereby required, to examine upon oath (which oath he is hereby authorised to administer) the attorney seeking to charge such client, as to all matters and things which it may appear to the said assistant barrister necessary to ascertain for the due taxation of the said costs.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the forms in the schedule to this Act annexed, marked A. B. C. and D. or any other forms to the like effect, -may be used in the respective cases in the said schedule mentioned, as and for the civil bills and process; and that the forms in the said schedule marked E. F. and G. or any other forms to the like effect, may be used in the respective cases in the said schedule mentioned, as and for the decrees of the said assistant barristers chairman or recorder, as the case may be; and that the form marked H., or any other form to die like effect, may be used by the magistrates in the said Act mentioned, as and for a Certificate of desertion; and that tire form marked I, or any oilier form to the like effect, may be used for the affidavit ascertaining the rent due, to enable the magistrate to grant the said certificate.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

* A.

FORM of a CIVIL BILL, to be used where the Tenant has deserted the

Premises.

County of 1 BY the Assistant Barrister at the Quarter Sessions

Division of J of the Peace for the said Division of the said

County:

Plaintiff "I XlfHEUEAS die Defendant holds all that and

Defendant J those in the parish of

and barony of

and in the said division of in the said county, as

tenant to the plaintiff under a demise thereof

made the day of in the year of our

Lord one thousand eight hundred and for the term of

which is still in being, at the yearly rent of And whereas the sum of for rent of the said premises, ending on the

day of last past, became and

was due by the said defendant to the said plaintiff, and

still remains so due alter all fair and just allowances whatsoever: And whereas the said defendant, oti the Qqq

Class VIII.] Leases.

day of in the year of our Lord one thousand eight

hundred and deserted the said premises and abandoned the same, and did not leave sufficient distress thereon to countervail the rent so due for the same, and such sufficient distress cannot be bad to countervail the rent so due

The defendant is therefore hereby required personally to be and appear before the said assistant barrister, at

in the division aforesaid, in the said county, on the day of next, at a

Quarter Sessions to be then and there hoklen for said division of sakl county, to answer the plaintiff’s bill brought by him for recovery of the possession of the premises, by reason of the matters aforesaid, and by virtue of the statutes in that case made and provided; or in default thereof, the said assistant barrister will proceed as to justice shall appertain.— Dated this day of

in the year one thousand eight hundred and

Signed on behalf of the plaintiff,

To the Defendant,



Attorney.

B.

FORM of a CIVIL BILL, to be used where the Tenant’s interest is determined, and possession has been demanded by the Landlord in person.

County of - \ BY the Assistant Barrister at the Quarter Sessions

Division of / of the Peace for the said Division of the said County:

Plaintiff % THU ERE AS one of the

Defendants / . defendants, lately held all that and those

in the parish of and

barony of and in the division of

aforesaid, in the said county, as tenant to the plaintiff, under a demise thereof made the day of

in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and for the term of at

the yearly rent of which demise determined

on the day of last, by

And whereas the said plaintiff after the determination of the said demise, to wit, on the day of

now last past, duly demanded the possession of the said premises, and a delivery of the said possession to him; and the said possession and the delivery thereof have and hath been withheld, and the several defendants are respectively in possession of the premises, and no other person is in possession of any part thereof: The defendant therefore, and all persons claiming to have any interest in the said premises, are hereby required personally to be and appear before the said assistant barrister, at

in the division of aforesaid,

in the said county, on the day of

next, at a Quarter Sessions to be -then and there holden for the said division of the said county, to answer the plaintiff's bill brought by him for the recovery of the possession of the premises, by reason of the matters aforesaid, and by virtue of the statute in that case made and provided; or in default thereof, the said assistant barrister will proceed as to justice shall appertain. Dated this day of

in the year one thousand eight hundred and

•Signed on behalf of the plaintiff,

To the Defendant,

Attorney.



400

Leaves.

[Part II.

No. XV. C.

58 Geo. III. FORM of a CIVIL HILL, where the Tenant's interest is

c 39 determined, and possession has been demanded by a Bailiff *

or Receiver.

County of J BY the Assistant Barrister at the Quarter Sessions

Division of i of the Peace for the said Division or the said

County.

Plaintiff \ WHEREAS one of the

Defendants)T defendants, lately held all that and those

in the parish of and barony of

and in the division of aforesaid,

in the said county, as tenant to the plaintiff, under a demise made thereof

the

liOrd one thousand the term of

day of in the year of our

hundred and for

at the yearly rent of which demise determined on the day of last past

by And whereas the

bailiff and receiver of the said plaintift^after the determination of the said demise, to wit, on the day of now last past,

duly demanded the possession of the said premises, and a delivery of the said possession to him as such bailiff and receiver of the said plaintiff, and the said possession and the delivery thereof have and hath been withheld, and the several defendants are respectively in possession of the premises, and no other person is in possession of any part thereof: the defendants therefore, and all persons having or claiming any interest in the premises in question, are hereby requited* personally to be and appear before the said assistant liarrister at in the

division of aforesaid,

in the said county, on the day of next

at a Quarter Sessions to be then and there holden for the said division of the said county, to answer the plaintiff's bill, brought by him for the recovery of the possession of the premises, by reason of the matters aforesaid, and by virtue of the statutes in that case made and provided; or in default thereof, the said assistant barrister will proceed as to justice shall appertain. Dated this day of in the year

one thousand eight hundred and

Signed on behalf of the plaintiff,

Attorney.

To the defendant,

D.

FORM of a CIVIL BILL to be used where a Year's Rent is in Arrear.

County of 1 BY the Assistant Barrister at the Quarter Sessions

Division of J of the Peace for the said Division of the said

County:

Plaintiff £ WHEREAS one

, Defendants £ T of the defendants, holds all that and those

in the parish of and barony of and in the division of

aforesaid, in the said county, as tenant to the plaintiff, under a demise thereof made the day of in the year of our Lord one thousand

hundred and for the term of

which is not yet expired, at the yearly rent of

payable in equal gales, on every during

the said term: and whereas the sum of __ GoOC

Class VIII.] Leases. 401

forrent of the said premises ending on the No. XV.

day of last past, became and was due by the said »Q

defendant to the said plaintiff, and thereof, being 00

one full year’s rent still remains due thereon: c *

And whereas the several other defendants respectively are in actual possession of the premises, or have respectively interests therein under deeds and instruments duly registered, and creating such interests respectively, and no other person save the defendants or some of them is in such possession, or appear to have any such interest:

The defendants therefore, ana all persons having or claiming any interest in the said premises, are hereby required personally to be and appear before the said assistant barrister, at in the division of

aforesaid, in the said county, on the day of next, at a quarter sessions to be then and there

holden for the said division of said county, to answer the plaintiff’s bill brought by liim for recovery of the possession of the premises, by reason of the matters aforesaid, and by virtue of the statutes in that case made and provided; or in default thereof the said assistant barrister will proceed as to justice shall appertain. Dated this . day of

in the year one thousand eight hundred and

Signed on behalf of the plaintiff,

Attorney.

To the defendant, J

E.

FORM of a DECREE where the Civil Bill is grounded on the Desertion of the Premises.

County of \ BY the Assistant Banister of the Sessions for the Division of j County of

Plaintiff \ TT appearing to the court that the plaintiff caused Defendants J a civil bill to be filed against the defendant, praying to he put into possession of situate lying

and being in the parish of and in the barony

of and county of containing or thereabouts, in the possession of the

defendant; which civil bill was brought pursuant to the statute in such case made and provided, on the ground that the tenant had deserted the said premises; and it appearing by the certificate of

and esquires, two of his Majesty’s

justices of the peace for said county, that they had together gone to and viewed said premises, and that the same were deserted and left unoccupied by the defendant, and that there was not any distress thereon sufficient to countervail the arrear of rent then due thereout; upon due proof thereof, and that process on said civil bill, and also* a copy of said certificate was duly seived, requiring the defendant to appear at these present sessions to answer said bill; and it appearing that £

being years rent of said premises, was

justly due and owing by defendant to nlaintiff, after all fair and iust allowances, and that said premises were deserted and left unoccupied by the defendant, and that there was not any distress on the same to satisfy said rent: it is therefore ordered and decreed by the court, that the plaintiff be put into (he possession of said premises, and the sheriff of the county of is hereby commanded to put the plaintiff

into the possession thereof, pursuant to the statute in saiu case made and provided; and it is further ordered and decreed by the court, that the plaintiff do recover from the defendant pounds

shillings and pence, costs; and the several sheriffs of the

respective counties within this kingdom of Ireland are hereby commanded, notwithstanding any liberty within their bailiwicks, to execute th»‘*ame, Vol. I. 9 D

4m

No, XV. 58 €too- IH.

c. 30;

Leam* fptetIL

and take in execution the body [or bodies, or goods, at the am mag bt\ of the defendant, to satisfy the said costs. Dated at this

day of

Witness present, Assistant Banister for

Clerk Peace for the the said county,

said county.

Attorney for the plaintiff.

FORM of the SHERIFFS WARRANT on the above Deere* Id Special Bailiff of the Plaintiff's nomination.

County of IT authorise and empower

to wit. / and

or either of them, and their assistants, special bailiffs, at the plaintiff's peril to execute the above decree. Given under my hand and seal, this day of

(SeaL) Sheriff for the said county.

F.

FORM of a DECREE, where the Civil Bill is grounded on the over* holding of the Tenant.

County of *1 BY the Assistant Barrister at die Sessions for the Division of J County of

JT appearing to die court that the jriaintiff caused

Plaintiff

Defendants- / A a civil bill to be filed against the defendant, praying to be put into the possession of situate

in the parish of and barony

of and county df

containing or thereabouts,

in the possession of the defendant; which civil bill was brought pursuant to the statute in'such case made and provided, on the ground that the tenant overheld the said premises; and it appearing to the court, that process on said civil bill was duly served, requiring the defendants and all others having or claiming to have interest in the premises, in said bill mentioned, requiring mem to appear at these present sessions to answer said bill; and it appearing that said premises were held by defendant from plaintiff at the yearly rent of

and that defendant's interest determined on the day of last, by a notice to quit, heretofore

served on the defendant, requiring him to deliver up the possession thereof to plaintiff, on the said day of last

[or settinjr firth any other mode of determination, as the case may be], notwithstanding whic&jhe defendant refused to deliver up the possession thereof to plaintiff though demanded: it is therefore ordered and decreed by the court. That the plaintiff be put into the possession thereof, pursuant to the statute in that case made and provided; and it is further ordered and decreed by the court, that the plaintiff do recover from the defendant pounas shillings

and pence, costs; and the several sheriffs of the

respective counties within this kingdom of Ireland are hereby commanded, notwithstanding any liberty within their bailiwicks, to execute the same, and take in execution the body [or bodies, or goods as the case may 6el of the defendant, to satisfy the said costs. Dated at mis

day of

Witness present, said county.

Clerk Peace for the

Assistant Barrister Cor for the said county.

Attorney for the plaintiff.

by

ClttftVWO

Jjtaecv.

FORM of the SHERIFF’ WARRANT on the above Decree, to a Special Bailiff of the Plaintiff’s nomination.

County of IT authorise and empower* to wit. J and

or. either of them, and their assistants, special bailiffs, at the plaintiff’s peril to execute the above decree. Given under my hand and seal this day of

(Seal.) Sheriff for the sakl county.

No. XV.

58. Gao* lfl» c 30.

G.

No* FORM of a DECREE where the Civil Bill is grounded bn Non-payment of Rent.

County of \ BY the Assistant Barrister at the Sessions for the Division of J County of

Plaintiff \ TT appearing to the court that the plaintiff caused a Defendant J civil bill to be tiled against the defendant, praying to be put into the possession of

situate tying and being in the parish of and barony of and county of

containing by estimation or thereabouts, in the possession of the defendant, which civil bill was brought pursuant to the statute in such case made and provided, on the ground that a year’s rent was in arrear and unpaid; and it appearing to the court, that process on said civil bill was duly served, requiring the defendant and all others having or claiming to nave interest in the premises in said bill mentioned, requiring them to appear at these present sessions to answer said bill upon due proof thereof, and th*t said premises were held by defendant from plaintiff, at the yearly rent of and that the defendant was indebted to the plaintiff in the sum of being, for one whole

year’s rent and arrear of reut of said premises, due and ending the day of last, after all just and fair

allowances. It is therefore ordered by the court, that the plaintiff be put into the possession*of said premises, and the sheriff of the county of is hereby commanded to put the plaintiff into the possession thereof, pursuant to the statute in such case made and provided; and it is further ordered and decreed by the court, that the plaintiff do recover from the defendant pounds shillings and

pence, costs; and the several sheriffs of the respective counties within this kingdom of IreJoarfare hereby commanded, notwithstanding any liberty within their bailiwicks, to execute the same, and take in execution the body [or bodies, or goods, as the case may be] of the defendant, to satisfy the said costs. Date! at this

day of

Witness present. Assistant Barrister for

Cleric Peace for the the said county.

said county

Attorney for the plaintiff.

FORM of the SHERIFF’ WARRANT on the above Decree, to a Special Bailiff of the Plaintiff's nomination.

County of IT authorise and empower to wit; j and

or either of them, and their assistants, special bailiffs, at the plaintiff’s peril to execute the above decree. Given under my hand and seal, this day of

Sheriff for the said county.

(Seal.)

g D 3

m

Leans,

[Part BL

No. XV.

H.

58 Geo. IH. MAGISTRATE’ CERTIFICATE.

c. 39.

County of WE and two of

to wit. $ his Majesty’s justices of the peace for said county, having been called upon by and at his request having

together gone to and viewed all that part of the lands of situate lying end being in the parish of and barony of

and county of in the possession of

as tenant thereof, containing acres roods and

perches, or thereabouts, on the day of between the hours

of ten o’clock in the forenoon and four o’clock in the afternoon of the said day, do certify, That the premises aforesaid then appeared to us to be deserted and left unoccupiea by the said and that

there is not apy distress on the same sufficient to countervail the arrear of rent, being one half year’s rent, ascertained by the affidavit of A. B. the landlord thereof [or, the bailiff of the landlord thereof, as the cast may he1 now due thereout, after all just and fair allowances. Given under - day of

(Seal.) (Seal.)

our hands and seals this To the Assistant Barrister) for the county of f

Witness present,

I.

AFFIDAVIT of RENT to enable the Magistrates to grant the above

Certificate.

County of 1 landlord [or, bailiff to the

to wit. j landlord, as the case may be, ] of the lands and tenements herein-after mentioned, maketh oath and saith. That of in the county of is justly and fairly indebted

to in the sura of being for a year's

rent of his holding [describing it as in civil bill, ] under due

and ending the day of -last, after all just

and fair allowances: And deponent saith, That the said sum, or any part thereof, hath not been tendered or paid to by the said

or by any person or persons on his behalf.

Sworn before me, this day of

[No. XVI. *) 1 Geo. IV. c. 41.—An Act to extend the

Benefit of Two Acts, made in the Fifty-sixth and Fifty-eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for amending the Law of Ireland respecting the Recovery of Tenements from absconding overholding and defaulting Tenants. — [8th July 1820.]

56 G« Hie. 88. INHERE AS by an Act passed in the fifty-sixth year of his late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend the Law of Ireland respecting the Recovery of Tenements from absconding overholding and defaulting Tenants, and for the Protection of the Tenant from undue 58 G. 3* c. 3 Distress; and by an Act passed in the fifty-eighth year of his said late Majesty, for explaining and amending the said recited Act of the fifty-sixth year; divers provisions and regulations, were made relating to tenements held by tenants at a rent not exceeding twenty pounds a year, and relating to the landlords and tenants of suen tenements; and such provisions have been found highly beneficial, and is_ expedient that

Class VIII.] Leaies, 466

the same should be extended: Be it therefore enacted by the King’s . No. XVI. most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Loras . w Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament 1 w°.lY. assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all the clauses rules c*41-regulations provisions and directions iq the recited Acts or either of them contained, and relating to the tenements held by any tenants at a For extending rent not exceeding twenty pounds per annum, or to the landlords or Provisions of tenants of such tenements, shall be, and the same are hereby extended mated Acts to and shall be deemed and construed to extend to all tenements held at Tenement! any rent not exceeding fifty pounds per annum, and to the landlords and exceeding tenants of such tenements; and that the judges of assizes in the civil 50‘* an" courts of the several counties in Ireland, the chairman of the sessions num* &Ca of the peace for the county of Dublin, the recorder of the city of Dublin for the county of the city of Dublin, and die several assistant barristers of the other counties in Ireland respectively, shall have use and exercise such and the like jurisdiction, and that it shall be lawful to proceed by civil bill in such and the like manner in all respects and to all intents and purposes under the said Act, in cases where any tenements are held at a rent not exceeding fifty pounds jtcr annum, as in and by the said recited Acts or cither of them is enacted and provided in cases where tenements are held at a rent not exceeding twenty pounds per annum, and as if the said Acts or either of them had been previously extended to tenements not exceeding fifty pounds per annum, and the landlords and tenants of such tenements.

II. And whereas doubts have arisen as to the validity* of notices on What shall be tenants of lands and tenements, or on their wives children or servants deemed auffi-in certain cases; be it enacted, That whenever it shall happen that the cient service of tenant of any lands or tenements in Ireland shall not fee resident in Notice on such lands or tenements, * the delivery of any notice or process to such Tenants, tenant in person, or at the dwelling-house of such tenant to his wife, or to any child or servant of such tenant being of the age of sixteen years or upwards, shall in all cases be deemed good and sufficient service of any such notice or process, although such tenant shall not be resident, or his dwelling-house shall not be situate on the lands or tenements demised to such tenant, or to which such notice or process shall relate*^ any law usage or custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

[No. XVII.] 1 Geo. IV. c. 87.—An Act for enabling

Landlords more speedily to recover Possession of Lauda and Tenements unlawfully held over by Tenants. — [24th July 1820.]

' ^WHEREAS the laws heretofore made for preventing the losses to 1 Geo. IV.

which landlords are exposed by the unlawful holding over of lands *• 87 *

and tenements by tenants, or persons claiming under them, after the expiration or legal determination of their terms or interests, have been found by experience insufficient, and it is therefore expedient to provide in certain cases a more expeditious mode for recovering the possession of lands and tenements so held over; Be it enacted by the King's most ex- Landloixbbruig-cellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirt- iog Ejectments tual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assem- may give Node* bled, and by the authority of the same, That where the term or interest to Tenants to . of any tenant now or hereafter holding under a lease or agreement in appear in term, writing any lands tenements or hereditaments for any term or number *°d on of years certain, or from year to year, shall have expired or been deter- production of mined either by the landlord or tenant by regular notice to quit, and Lcaac auch tenant, or any one holding or claiming by or under him, shall re- a*reemtDt»to fuse to deliver up possession accordingly, after lawful demand in writing 00 .

made and signed by the landlord or ms agent, and served personally Nisi oTthe upon, or left at the dwelling-house or usual place of abode of such tenant Tenant to enter or person, and the landlord shall thereupon proceed by action of eject- certain on-ment for the recovery of possession, it shall be lawful for him at the foot dertakings. - give certain Bad

Leases.

[Part H.

of the declaration, to address a notice to such tenant or person, requiring him to appear in the court in which the action shall have been commenced on the first day of the term then next following, or if the action shall be brought in Walct, or in the counties palatine of CAaster Ltm-taticr or Durham respectively, then on the first day of the next session or assises, or at the court day or other usual period for appearance to process then next following (as the case may be), there to be made defendant, and to find such Tiail, if ordered by the court, and for such purposes as are herein-after next specified; and upon the appearance of the party at the day prescribed, or in case of non-appearance on making the usual affidavit of service of the declaration and notice, it shall be lawful for the landlord, producing the lease or agreement, or some counterpart or duplicate thereof, ana proving the execution of the same by affidavit, and upon affidavit that the premises have been actually eqjoyed . under such lease or agreement, and that the interest of the tenant has expired, or been determined by regular notice to quit, as the case may be, and that possession has been lawfully demanded in manner aforesaid, to move the court for a rule for such tenant or person to show cause, within a time to be fixed by the court on a consideration of the situation of the premises, why such tenant or person, upon being admitted defendant, beside entering into the common rule and giving the common undertakings should Qot undertake, in case a verdict snail pass for the plaintiff, to give the plaintiff a judgment, to be entered up against the real defendant, of the term next preceding the time of trial, or if the action shall be brought in Walet, or in the counties palatine respectively, then of the session assises or court-day (as the case may be) at which the trial shall be had, and also why he should not enter into arecognizance by himself and two sufficient sureties in a reasonable sum conditioned to pay the costs and damages which shall be recovered by the plaintiff in the action; On Rule made and it shall be lawful for the court upon cause shown, or upon affidavit df absolute, if Te- the service of the rule in case no cause shall be shown, to make the same nana shall not absolute in the whole or in part, and to order such tenant or person, within a time to be fixed, upon a consideration of all the circumstances, to give such undertakings, and find such bail, with such conditions and

conform, judgment to be for the Landlord.

in such manner as shall be s] same so made absolute; &n<

: ified in the said rule, or such part of the in case the party shall neglect or refuse so to do, and shall lay no ground to induce the court to enlarge the time for obeying the same, then upon affidavit of the service of such order an absolute rule shall be made for entering up judgment for the plaintiff.

II. And be it further enacted, That wherever hereafter it snail appear -on the trial of any ejectment, at the suit of a landlord against a tenant, that such tenant or his attorney hath been served with due notice of trial, the plaintiff shall not be nonsuited for default of the defendants

On Trial of any Ejectment between Landlord and Te3nanr» Consent appearance, or of confession of lease entry and ouster, but the produc-d tl0n lhe consent rule and undertaking of the defendant shall in all

Ena? aid 5Uch cases be sufficient evidence of lease entry and ouster; and the

Ouster if De- judge before whom such cause shall come on to be tried shall, whether fendant make* 'be defendant shall appear upon such trial or not, permit the plaintiff on deflftilt, and the trial, after proof of his right to recover possession of the whole or of Stmts to gfre any part of the premises mentioned in the declaration, to go into evi-Dsmages for . dence of the mesne profits thereof, which shall or might have accrued Mesne Mitf from the'day of the expiration or determination of the tenant's interest

down to the in the same, down to the time of the verdict given in the cause, or to

Verdict, or to some preceding day, to be specially mentioned therein; and the jury on

a day specified the trial finding for the plaintiff, shall in such case give their verdict

ffi* upon the whole matter, both as to the recovery of the whole or any part

of the premises, and also as to the amount of the damages to be paid for such mesne profits: Provided always, that nothing herein-before contained shalTbe construed to bar any such landlord from bringing an action of trespass for the mesne profits which shall accrue from the verdict, or the day so specified therein, doWn to the day of the delivery of possession of the premises recovered in the ejectment.

Class VIII.] Leatet.

III. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which such undertaking shall have been given, and security found as aforesaid, if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the plaintiff, but it shall appear to the Judge before whom the same shall have been had, that the finding of the jury was contrary to the evidence, or that the damages given were excessive, it shall be lawful for the Judge to order the execution of the judgment to be stayed absolutely till the fifth day of the term then next following, or till the next session assizes or court-day (as the case may be; ) which order the Judge shall in all other cases make upon the requisition of the defendant, in case he shall forthwith undertime to find, and on condition that within four days from the day of the trial, he shall actually find security by the recognizance of himself and two sufficient sureties in such reasonable sum as the Judge shall direct, conditioned not to commit any waste, or act in the nature of waste, or other wilful damage, and not to sell or carry off any standing crops, bay, straw, or manure, produced or made (if any) upon the premises, and which may happen to be thereupon, from the day on which the verdict shall have l>een given to the day on which execution shall finally be made upon the judgment, , a. _ or the same be set aside as the case may be: Provided always, that the recognizance last above mentioned shall immediately stand discharged -and be of no effect in case a writ of error shall be brought upon such judgment, and the plaintiff in such writ shall become bound with two sufficient sureties unto the defendant in the same, in such sum and with such condition as may be conformable to the provisions respectively made for staying execution on bringing writs of error upon judgments in actions of ejectment, by an Act passed in England in the sixteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of Kjag Charles the Second, and by an Act passed in Ireland in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of the same King, which Acts are respectively intituled An Act to prevent Arrests of Judgment and superseding Executions.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all recognizances and securities entered into pursuant to the provisions of this Act, may and shall be taken respectively in such manner and by and before such persons as are provided and authorised in respect of recognizances of bail, upon actions and suits depending in the court in which any such action of ejectment shall have been commenced; and that the officer of the same court with whom recognizances of bail aie filed, shall file such recognizances and securities for which respectively the sum of two shillings and sixpence, and no more, shall be paid; but no action or other proceeding shall be commenced upon any such recognizance or security after the expiration of six months from the time when possession of the premises, or any part thereof, shall actually have been delivered to the landlord.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the defendant to remove any action of ejectment commenced by a landlord under the provisions of this Act from any of the courts of great session in Wales to be tried in an English county, unless such court of great session shall be of opinion that the same ought to be so removed upon special application to the court for that purpose.

VI. And be it further enacted, That m all cases wherein the landlord shall elect to proceed in ejectment, under the provisions herein-before contained, and the tenant shall have found bail, as ordered by the court, then if the landlord upon the trial of the cause shall be nonsuited, or a verdict pass against him upon the merits of the case, there shall be judgment against him with double costs.

VII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to prejudice or affect any right of action or remedy which

landlords already possess, in any of the cases herein-before provided for.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall extend to all

parts of the United Kingdom. of Great Britain and Ireland, except Scotland. 1

Vou I. 2 D

LL

On Trials after undertakings given and Bail found, Judge may stay the Execution till Fifth Day of next Term absolutely, or on Tenants finding Security.

Security.

16*17 C. 2.

c. 8.

17 & 18 C. 2. c. 12. (Irish.)

Recognizances to be taken as other Recogni zances of Bail; Actions on them limited.

Actions of Ejectment not to be removed from Great Sessions in Wales.

If Landlord nonsuited, or Verdict peas against him, Double Coats.

Saving of former remedies.

Act not to extend to Scotland.

Leases.

407 a Leases. [Part II.

No

7 Geo. IV. C No. XVIII.] 4 Geo. IV. c. 86.—An Act to discourage

, 09 the granting of Leases in Joint Tenancy in Ireland.

—[27 th June 1823.]

ERE AS the practice of granting leases to persons jointly, in common or in partnership still prevails in some parts of Ireland, to the material prejudice of the improvement of the people: And whereas the continuance of such practice is much induced fcy the facility thereby afforded of multiplying qualifications (often colourable only) to vote for members to serve m Parliament, contrary to the spirit of the laws and constitution:And whereas it is highly expedient such inducement should cease: Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal/ and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That after the passing of thfe Act, it shall not be lawful for any person to register any freehold under the yearly value of twenty pounds, held by virtue of any lease deed or other instrument, given or executed to any person or persons jointly in common or in partnership, after the first day of July next, or vote for a member or members to serve in Parliament for any place in Ireland by virtue of any sud) freehold.

II. And be it funher enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person offering to register any freehold tinder the yearly value of twenty pounds, shall add to any oath or oaths which he may be legally required to take, the following words; *< And that I do not hold my said freehold " by virtue of any lease deed or oilier instrument, executed after the first " day of July one thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, given or " executed to any person or persons jointly or in common or in part-" nership; " which addition to such oath or oaths the person or persons legally authorized to administer such oath or oaths is and are hereby ein-Not to extend P°.wered "d required to administer: Provided always, that nothing in to Persons Act 8*, a^ be construed to extend to persons who have registered or

Registering shall register freeholds under the yearly value of twenty pounds, under Freeholds an- a *case or Jftascs lives, renewable for ever, pursuant to the provisions der 20/. Value an Act made in the first year of His present Majesty's reign, intituled under a Lease An Act for the heller regulating of Polls, and for making further Provition for Lives retouching the Election of Member* to terve in 1Parliament for Ireland - newable lor ever. 60 G.3. & 1 G. 4. c. 11.

No Pereoo to Register ujr Freehold under 20/.held jointly by virtue of any Lease dated after 1st July 1823, or vote for any Member of Parliament.

Addition to Oath of Freeholders under 201.

Persons swearing falsely guilty of Perjury.

IU. And be it further enacted, That in caee any person shall wilfully and corruptly swear falsely in the said addition to the said oath or oaths, and shall be thereof duly convicted, such person shall be deemed guilty of perjury, and shall suffer the like pains and penalties, and incur the same disabilities, as persons guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject to and iucur.

[No. XIX.] 7 Geo. IV. c- 29.—An Act to amend the

Law of Ireland respecting the Assignment and Subletting of Lands and Tenements. — [5th May 1826.] ItfilEREAS it is expedient to ensure the fulfilment of the covenants T and conditions in existing leases of lands and tenements in Ireland, for preventing the assignment of sub-letting of the lands and tenements demised thereby, and to make more effectual provisions to restrain such assignment or sub-letting: in future; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-Wbare Lands hament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That where lands are held under or tenements in lrelttnd are or shall be holden under any lease instru-Leasemadebe- nient or agreement in writing, in force at the time of the passing of fore 1st June 182(>, with Covenant against Sub-leuing, no future Act of the Landlora shall be deemed Waiver of &uch Covenant, unless he be a Party to the Instrument of Sub-letting, or his Consent be en in writing.

Class VI1L] Leaset. 407

this Act, or which shall be made or entered into at any time on or be- No. XIX. fore the first day of June one thousand eight hundred and twenty-six, Geo. IV. which lease agreement or instrument shall contain any condition or covenant prohibiting controlling or regulating the assignment or subletting of the lands or tenements demised or agreed to be demised thereby, or of any part thereof, no Act matter or thing whatever to be done or acquiesced in by the lessor or person contracting to lease by such deed or instrument, or by his or their heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, shall be deemed taken or construed in any court of law or equity, to be or to amount to a waiver of the benefit of any such condition or covenant; and that in any action or actions for the breach of any condition or covenant, committed at any time after the said first day of June one thousand eight hundred and twenty-six, such lessor or contracting party, and his and their heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, shall be entitled to recover the possession of such lands or tenements by virtue of any such condition, or any penalty for the breach of any such covenant, according to the provisions of any such condition or covenant respectively, unless it shall be expressly proved that such assignment or sub-letting was made with the consent of such lessor or contracting party, his or their heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, testified, where such assignment or sub* letting shall be by deed or written instrument, by his or their being a party to and signing and sealing such deed or written instrument, or where such assignment or sub-letting shall not be by deed or written instrument, testified by his or their consent in writing, or unless the benefit of such condition or covenant shall have been expressly waived by some writing signed by the party entitled to the benefit thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That in all cases the person assigning Lessee Sub-or sub-letting contrary to this Act, without such consent, signified as letting without herein-before directed, shall not have or be entitled to any remedy by Consent, shall distress or otherwise for recovery of any rent or sum reserved in ana by J *

any deed written instrument or other agreement by which such sub- j*eraedy fn#

letting or assigning shall be made, or for the occupation of any of the "?t lands or tenements so assigned or sub-letten; any tiling in any such deed, E*j? instrument, or agreement, or any law, statute, or usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That where lands or tenements in Whort Lands Ireland shall be held by virtue of any lease or agreement for a lease, shall be held which shall be executed or entered into at any time after the first day of by Lefce made June one thousand eight hundred and twenty-six, not containing a clausa 1 June expressly authorizing and empowering the lessee or tenant to assign or *826, not con-suu-let (other than a lease for a term of ninety-nine years or upwards, taininga CLuse or a lease for lives or years, with a covenant for per|>etual renewal, or a *um!nS th# lease held immediately under any persons or bodies corporate or ec- (clesiasticul, or held under any person or persons deriving from the im- {IIIt}, ltl|J mediate lessee of such persons or bodies corporate or ecclesiastical, with a Uoa%^\ \ TT^-Mitt quotics covenant tor renewal), it shall not be lawful for such lessee not atagn or tenant, his or their heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, to orSub-tawath* assign or sub-let, either by written instrument or otherwise, any such out tilprta lands or tenements or any part thereof, without the express consent of Gamut of the the lessor or contracting parly in such lease or contract, his or their Lemor in heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, testified, where such assign- writing, or by ment or sub-letting shall be by deed or written instrument, by his or their Eadonemeat being party to and signing and sealing such deed or written instrument, , «•» the

or by his or their written indorsement on such deed or instrument, &c* ratifying or confirming the same, or where such assignment or sub-letting shall not be by deed or written instrument, testified by his or their consent in writing; and every such assignment or sub-letting, and every lease deed or instrument, or other agreement or proceeding, whereby such assignment or sub-letting shall be made without such consent as aforesaid, and testified as aforesaid, shall be and be deemed wholly void and invalid to all intents and purposes whatsoever; any law statute or usag$o to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding, unless such consent shall he o

407c No. XIX. 7. Geo. IV, c. 29.

And no conParticular special Waiver ahaUnot extend

a general

Waiver.

Persons Adding Lands under an Assignment with Consent of Lessor, and paying Rent to the Party Subletting, shall be acquitted against the Leasenting, or any Peraon deriving Title under

Leases. [Part II.

endorsed or executed in writing as aforesaid; and that in any proceeding in law or equity relating to such assignment or sub-letting, the party so assigning or sub-letting, or the party to whom such assigning or subletting snail be made or attempted to be made, shall not be entitled to avail himself of any constructive or parol waiver of the benefit of this Act, by or on behalf of any such lessor or contracting party.

tractive Waiver of thic Act shall be allowed.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any actual waiver of the benefit of any condition or covenant in any lease as aforesaid, or of the benefit of this Act, on the part of any lessor or person con10 Cm#* tracting to lease, or his or their heirs, executors, administrators, or nor be deemed assigns, shall be proved to have taken place in any one particular instance, such actual waiver shall not be assumed or deemed or construed to extend to any instance, or to any breach or breaches of covenant or condition, other than that to which such waiver shall specially relate, nor to be a general waiver of the benefit of any such covenant or condition, or of the benefit of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any person, or his heirs executors or administrators, who is or shall be seised or possessed of any lands or tenements in Ireland, under any assignment or sub-letting made with the consent of the lessor or person contracting with the person so assigning or sub-letting, or his or their heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, according to the provisions hereinbefore contained, shall, at any time after the first day of June one thousand eight hundred and twenty-six, duly pay and satisfy the rent due from such person or persons, his or their heirs exdbutors or administrators, to the person or persons, or his or their heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, who shall have so assigned or sub-let such lands or .tenements with such consent as aforesaid, the receipt of such person so assigning or sub-letting, or of his heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, shall be a full and sufficient discharge to such person or persons who shall have paid such rent, and to his and their heirs executors or administrators, as well against the person or persons so assigning or sub-letting, as also against the lessor or person contracting with the person so assigning or sub-letting, and who shall have given his or their consent to such assignment or sub-letting, signified as hereinbefore provided; and the person or persons so having paid such rent, or his or their heirs executors or administrators, or nis or their goods chattels or effects, lands or tenements, shall not be subject or liable to the payment of or to any distress or other remedy for any rent due to such consenting party or person, or to any person deriving under him by virtue of any title subsequent to the giving of any such consent as aforesaid; any law usage or custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in any case in which any lessee, having received such conseutas by this Act is required to the assignment or sub-letting of any lands or tenements, or the heirs executors or administrators of any such lessee, shall not duly pay the rent reserved in and by the lease under which such lands or tenements shall be held by such lessee, to the party entitled to receive the same, it shall be lawful for the party entitled to such rent, at any time when there shall be due to him two or more full gales or portions of the rent

niio-tenancs to reserved in such lease, to give notice in writing, in the form contained in " Rents #the schedule annexed to this Act, to all and every persons or person who to nun. shall be then in occupation of the lands and tenements which shall have

been as>igned or sub-let with such consent as aforesaid, requiring each and every such person to pay to the party giving such notice the rent reserved upon the holding or holdings of any and every such person respectively.

After such No- And be it further enacted, That from and after the delivery of

tice Sub- *l, ch notice to any person in occupation of sucl^Unda or tenements a* tenants shad aforesaid (by being left at the house or usual place of abode of any suc|j iy to the Superior Landlord, and bis Receipt shall be their Discharge.

On Failure of Payment of the Kent by the Party as-Mgning with Consent, the Landlord may give Notice to Sub-tenants to

Class VlH.] Leans.

person, either with such person, or with some one of the family of such person above the age of sixteen years,) every such person shall pay to the landlord signing such notice, or to his heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, all and every sums and sum whatever due or to grow due for rent from such person to the lessee so having assigned or sub-let ten, with such consent as aforesaid, or to his heirs executors or administrators; and from and after such notice as aforesaid, and until the satisfaction of all the sum9 due to the person giving such notice, on account of all rent due from such lessee having so assigned or sub-letten as aforesaid, the receipt of the person giving such notice, or his heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, shall be a full and sufficient discharge to the person or persons in the occupation of such lands or tenements who shall have paid such rent, and to his and their heirs executors or administrators, against the person having so assigned or sub-letten, or his heirs executors or administrators; and the person or persons so having paid such rent, or his or their heirs executors or administrators, or his or their goods chattels or effects, lands or tenements, shall not be subject or Sable to the payment of any rent, or to any distress or other remedy for the same, to any person under whom such person or persons may hold by reason of any such assigning or sub-letting as aforesaid.

VIII, And be it further enacted, That from and after the delivery of such notice as aforesaid, and until the satisfaction of all rent and arrears of rent due to the party giving such notice, or his heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, ne and they shall have and enjoy all such rights powers and authorities for the recovering and enforcing the payment of any rent due and payable by any person or persons occupying the lands so assigned or sub-let as aforesaid, as could or might have been enjoyed, or as could or might have been legally exercised or enforced against any such person or persons respectively by the party so assigning or sub-lettiugas aforesaid; any thing in this Act, or any law usage or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX, And be it further enacted, That from and after the first day of June one thousand eight hundred and twenty-six it shall not be lawful to or for any person or persons, his or their heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, who shall hold any lauds or tenements under any lease or agreement made before the said first day of June one thousand eight hundred and twenty-six, containing any condition or covenant against sub-letting or assigning of the same, nor for any person or persons, his or their heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, who snail hold any lands or tenements under any lease or agreement which shall be made or entered into any time subsequent to the said first day of June one thousand eight hundred and twenty-six, not containing a clause expressly authorizing and empowering the lessee or tenant to assign or sub-let (other than a lease for a term of ninety-nine years or upwards, or a lease for lives or years with a covenant for perpetual renewal, or a lease held immediately under any person or bodies corporate or ecclesiastical, or held under any person or persons deriving from the immediate lessee of such persons or bodies corjxjrate or ecclesiastical, with a totiei quoties covenant for renewal), to devise such lands or tenements, or any part thereof, by his or their last will and testament, so as to portion or divide such lands or tenements to or among several persons: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent the inheritance or distribution of any lands or tenements to or among any person or persons who would be entitled thereto according to law, upon the decease of any person or persons dying intestate

SCHEDULE to which thi3 Act refers.

FORM of Notice from a .Superior landlord to the Sub.tenant of such Landlord’s immediate Lessee.

A. R.

TAKE Notice, That I, the undersigned C. D, Superior Landlord of the lands and tenements uudcr-lcttMi to you by K. f’-, do hereby require yon 10 pay to me the »n <1 C. /)., or to ray heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, all'rent and’at rears of rent payable by yon for the said lands and tenements, until all sums due from the said i\. F. lor his rent of the said lands and tenements shall be fully paid and sfttisilcd to rue, or my hein, ex407 d No. XIX.

7 Geo. IV. c. 29.

Landlord, giving Notice, shall have' Power to ReLessees o£ Lands held under Lease not authorizing the Sub-letting (except Leases for 99 Yean, &c.) shall not da vise to i than One Person.

Not to affect Descent or Distribution on Intestacy.

editors, administratori, or assigns. Witness my hand, this To A. O. of

day of

r. n.

408

PART II

CLASS IX.

[Part II

Uses.

[No. I.] 1 Richard III. c. 1. —All Acts made by or

against Cestuy queuse shall be good against him, his

Heirs and Feoffees in Trust. The several Inconveniences of secret Feoffments. The Estate of Tenant in Tail saved.

l R'»h. m. c. 1.

Ohs. since the stat.

27 H. 8. c. 10.

1 Co. 183.

Cro. El. 187.

2 Roll. 314, 316, 334, 335, 418, 420.

1 Albert. 333. 7 Ht 7, f.*6.

15 H. 7, M2. 13.

26 H. 8, t 2.

2 Leonard, 153* 1 M. 7, c. 1.

4 H. 7, e. 17. 19 H. 7, c. Ik

27 H. 9, c. 10.

4 piRST, because that by secret and unknown feoffments, great un-1 A surety trouble costs and grievous vexations do daily grow betwixt 1 the King's subjects, insomuch that no man that buyeth lands, tenements, 4 rents, services, or other hereditaments, nor women which have jointures or douers in any lands tenements or other hereditaments, nor the last will of men to be performed, nor leases for term of life or of years, nor annuities granted to any person or persons for their services for term of their lives or otherwise, be in perfect surety, nor without great trouble and doubt of the same, by reason of such privie and unknown feoffments:' For the remedy whereof it is ordained established and enacted, by the advice of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by authority of the same, That every estate feoffment, gift, release, grant, leases, and confirmations, of lands, tenements, rents, services, or other hereditaments, made or taul or hereafter to be made or had by any person or persons being of full age of whole memory at large and in dures to any person or persons, and all recoveries and executions had or made, shall be good and effectual to him to whom it is so made had or given, and to all other to his use, against the seller, feoffor, donor, or granter, of the same, and against the sellers, feoffors, donors, or granters, and*his and their heirs, claiming the same only as heir or heirs to the same sellers, feoffors, donors, or granters, and every of them, and against all other having or claiming any title or interest in the same, only to the use of the same seller, feoffor, donor, or granter, or sellers donois or granters, or his or their said heirs at the time of the bargain, sale, covenant, gift, or grant made; saving to every person or persons such right title action or interest, by reason of any gift in tail thereof made, as they ought to have if this Act had not been made.

• 'fhU Statute, after hiving been diregarded cumstancea of that case; but in Blake v. Foster, from the pawing of the Statute of Uses, 27 8 T. R. 424, it was referred to by Lawrence, J. Hen. VIII. for a period of two centuries and a as stiU in force. Mr. Sugden has, in a note to half, was relied upon in argument aa applicable to Gilbert on Uses and Trusts, p. 67, adduced veiy terms of years, in the case of Good title v. Jones, satisfactory reasons for holding that it has not nov 7 T. R. 47. It was held not to apply to the cir- any operation whatever.

[No. II.] 19 Henry VII. c. 15.—Several Charges imposed upon the Lands and Persons of Cestuy que use. The several Inconveniences that many did receive by Cestuy que use. The Lands of Cestuy que rae. RhaU be put in Execution for his Debt dif^by Judgment, &c.

L

Class IX.] Uses.

The Lands of Cestuy que use shall satisfy the Chief Lord of his Relief Herlot and other Duties. Cestuy que use shall have such Advantages as he might have had if he had been Tenant of the Laud. Cestuy que use (being a Bondman) the Land may be seised by his Lord.

[Obs. since st. 27 H. VIII. c. 10.]

409

No. II.

19 H. VII. c. 15.

[No. III.] 27 Henry VIII. c. 10.—An Act concerning Uses and Wills. (1)

* vyHERE by the common laws of this realm, lands tenements and 27 H. VIII.

f f hereditaments be not advisable by testament, nor ought to be 10.

* transferred from one to another but by solemn livery and seisin, 3- c. 1.

4 matter of record, writing sufficient made bona Jide without covin or J Jo. 123 *

fraud, yet nevertheless divers and sundry imaginations, subtle inven- i p00 ’

tior\s and practices have been used, whereby the hereditaments of this *Leon. i«.

4 realm have been conveyed from one to another by fraudulent feoffments 3 fiukt 185 4 fines recoveries and other assurances craftily made to secret uses intents 352 9

* and trusts; and also by wills and testaments sometime made by nude Godbolt 299

* parolx and words, sometime by signs and tokens, and sometime by pi. 416.* *

(1) It t« not the Editor's intention to enter into a dissertation upon the extensive system of law which has arisen from the present Statute, and which forms one of the most important branches of the doctrine of real property.

The general doctrines arising from the Statute are exhibited in Lord Bacon's Reading on the Statute—in Gilbert's Law of Uses and Trusts— Mr. Sander's Treatise on vhe same subjeor — Mr. Cruise's Chapters on those subjects In his Digest of the Law of Conveyances, and which are also published in a separate form—Mr, Sugden's Treatise on the Law of Powers. The notes of the gentleman last mentioned have given great value to his edition of Gilbert; but it certainly would have been more satisfactory to the present Annotator, if, in lieu of that edition, he had presented the public with an original work upon the subject, according to his own arrangement, availing himself of the work which he has edited as supplying a valuable repertory of materials.

For a less extensive view of the subject, it is impossible that any thing could be offered more satisfactory than the information contained in Blackstone's Commentaries, vol, II. ch. 20, p. 327.

The well-known observation that a Statute made upon great deliberation, and introduced in the most solemn manner, has had little other effect than to make a alight alteration in the formal words of a conveyance, Vaughan 50. 1 Atk. 591. 2 Bl. Com. 336, is certainly not quite warranted by the fact, as it is manifest, that in conssquenee of the Statute, many modifications of real property have been introduced for the convenience of families, of which the common law was not susceptible; and how little soever the retention of what was formerly known by the name of Uses, under the substituted appellation of Trusts, may have been warranted upon the true principles of judicial construction, it certainly baa been attended in many respects with considerable practical convenience.

One of the most important questions, with relation to the doctrine of Uses, is upon, the effect of a limitation to such uses as a party shall appoint, and in default of appointment; and in the mean time until appointment to himself and hia heirs, with respect to the claim of dower againtc the appointee under the power. The great weight of professional and judicial opinion is certainly in favour of the validity of the appointment, as opposed to the Aim of dowerthe discussion on this point by Lord Eldon, in the case of Maun-drell v. Maundrell, 10 Vea. 246, would seem to preclude all reasonable hesitation upon the question { but from a deference to other opinions which had been incidentally thrown out to the contrary, his Lordship concluded with treating it as a question still open to inquiry; and thb mode of conveyancing, which was formerly very gene-mi, has, from the doubts which have been suggested respecting it, entirely gWen way to a limitation with the intervention of a trustee, by which the right of dower is absolutely prevented.

Nothing certainly sen be more striking than the inconsistency of* the doctrine which flobjeoM trust estates tothe right by courtesy, while it exempts them from the claim of the dower. The following observations or Lord Redesdale, in D'Arcy v. Blake, 2 8chelee.fr LefiWy, 388, seem to give the true account of the origin of the distinction: " Hie difficulty in which the Courts of Equity have been involved with respect t«» dower, I apprehend originally arose thus:they had assumed ss a principle in acting upon mats, to follow the law; and according to this principle, they ought in all cases wheie right* attached as legal estates, to have attached the same rights upon trusts; and consequently to have given dower of an equitable estate. It was found, however, that in eases of dower, this principle, if pursued to the utmost, would affect the titles to a laigs proportion of estates in the country, for(tj^£)gqnries had been acting on the footing of dower upon a cootr-principle, and had supposed, that by the cr

Uses. [TV. It *

4 writing, and for the most part'made by such person as be visited with sickness in their extreme agonies and pains, or At such rime as they have scantly had any good memory or remembrance $ at which times they being provoked by greedy and cpvetous persons lying in wait about them, do many rimes dispose indiscreetly and unadvisedly their lands and inheritances; by reason whereof, ana by occasion of which fraudulent feoffments, fioes, recoveries, and other like assurances to uses confidences and trusts, diveffe and many heirs have been unjustly at sundry times disherited, the lords have lost their wards marriages reliefs hariots escheats, aids pur fuirfiiz chbalier, Sf pur file warier, and

of a trust, the right of dower would be prevented from attaching. Many persona had purchased under this ides; and the country would have been thrown into the utmost confusion, if Courts of Equity bad followed their general rule with respect to trusts in the cases of dower. But the same objection did not apply to tenancy by the courtesy; for no person would purchase an estate subject to the tenancy by the courtesy, without the concurrence of the person in whom that right was vested.

The consequence of adopting the present mode of conveyancing, in preference to that first men* tinned, mis perhaps not been sufficiently attended to, with respect te its influence on the comforts of families, and the fair expectations of persons engaged in marriage; for although a freedom of disposition is an important object in the acquisition of property, the affording to a widow the original provision of the law, when the husband has shown no intention to the contrary, would be much more beneficial to the community than the mere advantage to the heir (a person probably unknown to his ancestor) upon the oppoti trays-tern. Considering the reasonableness of the provision itself on the one band, and the disadvantage which met from rendering the right to that provision so absolute as not to be subject to the controul of the owner of the property—and tilt consequent expedients leading to an absolute deprivation of the right, on the other—the subject seems to be fairly worthy of legislative attention; and the Editor submits that it would be very beneficial to pspvide, that in all cases it should be lawful lor any person seised of an estato in fee to dispose thateof| and that the same should be subject to all bis debts and charges, free from any claim of dower, with the exception of estates to which the title shall arise by descent or devise or marriage settlement during the coverture; and by way of compensariM to admit widows to their dower of trust estates, subject to any dilutions of the husband. Perhaps it might not be an injudicious addition (although the observation does not arise immediately out of the subject which it properly before me) to extend the benefit of dower and courtesy to the cases of freehold leases; and to dhpetue with the necessity of having issue as a condition for tenancy by the courtesy.

The power of a party lieir.g only tenant for life by a wrongful conveyance such is a fine or feoffment, to acquire an absolute title to the inheritance to the prejudice of those who may be evidently entitled to ulterior intents, it certainly no very desirable ingredient of our legal system;

and hi all cases, is the mere result of s deficiency of style in framing the instruments under which the estate is derived: this power does not exist with respect to trust or copyhold estates, and I apprehend that it would be an improvement in the law to dispense with the services of the perries intrusted with the imaginary duties of

quire, '* fior the purpose of supporting contingent remainders, by a general provision, that no estate or interest in remainder should be affected or prejudiced by any fine feoffment or other wrongful act of tenant fior life, or by any union of the tenancy fir life with the ulterior reversion. This principle was acted upon by statute 10 Si 11 w. 3. c. 16. to enable posthumous children to take estates as if born in their parents’ life-time; (ante Class I. No. 22.) previous to which a limitation to trustees was necessary for the preservation of an intermediate freehold; and k is impossible to suppose that any prejudice can arise from an alteration of the law which will have the effect of preventing the intentions of the party from whom the property is derived being defeated in consequence of the omission of a mere technical expression. Betides the general mischief already alluded to, against which such a provision would afford a remedy, the mischief of the power of devise by tenant in remainder being defeated by a fine of the preceding tenant for life would be effectually obviated.

The Legislature has in the statutes forming one of the preceding Clasmt, (Vide Clam VI.) applied a remedy to the inconvenience arising from estates in trust being vested in infants or lunatics. It would be a very beneficial extension of the same principle to provide for the case of the absence or uncertainty of the person in whom such trust estates were vested, by enabling courts of equity upon petition to authorise a proper officer to execute a conveyance of the trust estate. This subject might require distinct consideration si applied to the cases of mere trusts as instruments of conveyancing, and trusts attended with actual confidence in the individuals; hut 1 apprehend that considerable benefit, unaccompanied with any inconvenience, would arise from making the provision general.

The principle of such a provision has lwen already applied by the Legislature to the case of personal estates, by stat. Geo. J11. c. 90, with respect to money in the funds: \nd f find that by the Irish statute 28 Geo. IJT^. 35. provisions of the nature here at^i^ed Bfcve weir actually adopted. 2 Gabbett, 358,

' Class JX.] Uses.

• 4 scently any person can be certainly assured of *ny lands by them purchased, nor know surely against whom they shall use their actions or executions for their rights titles and duties; also men married have lost their tenances by the curtesy, women their dowers, manifest penuries by trial of such secret wills and uses have been committed; the King's 4 Highness hath lost the profits and advantages of the lands of persons attainted, and of the lands craftily put in feoffments to the uses of aliens bom, and also the profits of waste for a year and a day of lands of felons attainted, and the lords their escheats thereof; and many other inconveniences have happened, and daily do increase among the King’s subjects to their great trouble and inquietness, and to the utter subversion of the ancient common laws of this realm; for the extirping and extinguishment of all such subtle practised feoffments fines reco- verier abuses and errors heretofore used and accustomed in this realm, 4 to the subversion of the good and ancient laws of the same, and to the intent that the King’s Highness or any other his subjects of this realm, 4 shall not in any wise hereafter by any means or inventions be deceived damaged or hurt, by reason of such trusts uses or confidences:* It may please the King's most royal Majesty, that it m£y be enacted by bis Highness, by the assent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal ana the

* Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, in manner and form following; that is to say, That where any person or persons (2) stand or be seised, () or at any time hereafter shall happen to be seised, of and in any honours castles manors lands tenements rents services reversions remainders or other hereditaments, to the use confidence or trust of any other person or persons, or of any body politick, (4) by reason of any bargain sale feoffment tine recovery covenant contract agreement will or otherwise, by any manner means whatsoever it be; that in every such case, all and every such person and persons and bodies politick, that have or hereafter shall have any such use confidence or trust in fee-simple fee-tail for term of life or for years Or otherwise, or any use confidence or trust in remainder or reverter, shall from henceforth stand and be seised deemed and adjudged in lawful seisin estate and possession of and in the same honours castles manors lands tenements rents services reversions remainders and hereditaments, with their appurtenances, to all intents constructions and purposes in the law of and in such like estates as they had or shall have in use trust or confidence of or in the same; and that the estate title right and possession that was in such person or persons that were or hereafter shall be seised of any lands tenements or hereditaments, to the use confidence or trust of any such person or persons, or of any body politick, be from henceforth clearly deemed and adjudged to be in him or them that have or hereafter shall have such use confidence or trust, after such quality manner form and condition as they had before, in or to the use confidence or trust that was in them.

1 RO1L260, 327, 366.

2 Roll. 170, 335, 336. Popb. 21* 70.

The

of Lands shall be in him or them that harp the use.

1 Leon. 290.

2 Leon. 6, 15. 3Cr. 903.

I Co. 162.

8 Co. 94.

II Co. 24.

Cro. 1.46* pi* 2. Cro. Jac. 6, 401, 453.

Cro. Car. 44, 218.

1 Anders. 337. Bro. Feoffin.pl. Uses 55, 56, 58. Plow. f. Ill, 346.

Moor, 869, pL 1160.

Dyer, f. 116, 235, 274, 309, 340, 349, 362, 869.

Co. 1 Inst. 237, s. 272, a. 287, s. Cow Lit. 187, b.

The King or Queen Regent cannot be to a use—Glib. [6] 11; nor the Queen Consort.—Bsc. Uses 59. And a corporation -cannot take by conveyance to the use of another; but it seems that they may pass their own estates by conveyances operating only by the Statute of Uses—as by the common conveyance of lease by way of bargain and sale and release; and that the usual precautions of conveying by lease at common law, and actual entry, as the foundation of a release, or by feoffinent, are not necessary. See Sug. Note Gilb. [5.]

(3) By force of this word, which only extends to freehold interests, the statute does not affect assignments of terns of years, although a term may be newly created by conveyance operating under the statute, as is evident from the Common case of s bargain and sale for a year. See Gilb; [79.] The purpose of vesting a term of yean in a person already possessed thereof with others as joint-tenants, (as in the usual case of a change of trustees for public institutions) can only be accomplished by a previous assignment to a third person, and from such person to the original assignor in conjunction with others. This double transfer only occasions the expence of an additional and very short deed, for the re-transfer is invariably aside by inriaraetn4M.--»Sug. Gilb. [76] 150.

(4) Money given by the governors ef a hospital is a good consideration to raise a use to them in their public asperity; end ihongh a toty politick cannot-be seated to a use, yet upon a bargain-and sale totbem, a trust-may he limited dot they shall dispose of the vents end profits of He same amongst the poer of the UkA Corporation.

Gafc.[M6.]

412

No. III. 97 H. VIII.

Urn.

[Bart EL

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where divers and many persons be or hereafter shall happen to be, jointly Seised of and in any lands tenements rents reversions remainders or other hereditaments, to the use confidence or trust of any of them that be se jointly seised, that in every such case that those person or persons which have or hereafter shall have any such use confidence or trust in any such lands tenements rents reversions remainders or hereditaments, shall from henceforth have, and be deemed and adjudged to have, only to him or them that have or hereafter shall have any such use confidence or trust,

13 Co. such estate possession and seisin, of and in the same lands tenements 2 Roily rents reversions remainders and other hereditaments, in like nature manner form condition and course as he or they had before in the use confidence or trust of the same lands tenements or hereditaments; saving and reserving to all and singular persons and bodies politick, their heirs and successors, other than those person or persons which be seised or hereafter shall be seised of any lands tenements or hereditaments, to any use confidence or trust, all such right title entry interest possession rents and action as they or any of them had or might have had before the making of this Acti

III. Ana also saving to all and singular those persons, and to their heirs which he or hereafter shall be seised to any use, all such former right title entry interest possession rents customs services and action ats

l t^ey or any of them might have had to his or their own proper use in or

I Salk. 241. to any man0rs jan<is tenements rents or hereditaments whereof they be

c. 10.

unoce of diven made use of

toth*»OT?«af

one o them.

246.

Saving of the right of the Feoffees to use,

2 RdLL^lO 5^245 or hereafter shall he seised to any other use, as if this present Act'had 7 Co 39. never been had nor made; any thing contained in this Act to the con-Dyer, f. 349. traty notwithstanding. (5)

Moor, 196, pL 345. Jones, 179.

IV. And where also divers persons stand and be seised of and in any 1 lands tenements or hereditaments in fee-simple or otherwise, to the

* use and intent that some other person or persons shall have and perceive

* yearly to them, and to his or their heirs, one annual rent of x li or more or less, out of the same lands and tenements, and some other

* person one other annual rent to him and his assigns for term of life or years, or for some other special time, according to such intent and use as hath been heretofore declared limited and made thereof: *

V. Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in every such case the same persons their heirs and assigns, that have such use and interest to have and perceive any such annual rents out of any paid out thereof lands tenements or hereditaments, that they and every of them, their to tome other, heirs and assigns, be adjudged and deemed to be in possession and seisin of the same rent of and in such like estate as they had in the title interest or use of the said'rent or profit, and as if a sufficient grant or other lawful conveyance had been made and executed to them, by such as were or shall be seised to the use or intent of any such rent to be had made or paid according to the very trust and intent thereof; and that ail and every such person and persons as have or hereafter shall have any title use and interest in or to any such rent or profit, shall lawfully distrain for non-payment of the said rent, and in their own names make avowries; or by their bailiffs or servants make conisances and justifications, and have all other suits entries and remedies for such rents, as if the same rents had been actually and really granted to them, with sufficient clauses of distress re-entry or otherwise, according to such conditions pains or other things limited and appointed, upon the trust and intent for payment or surety of such rent. (6)

Land assured to the use, that Rent should be

1 Anders. 275. 338.

(5) By virtue of this saving, " If a termor for years be made a feoffee to uses, hit term is saved by the statute, and not merged; and it is not material that the termor holds the lease in trust. See Cheyney's case. Mo. 196. 2 And. 192. And where a termor for yean was made a tenant to the pnecipe, it was held, that although the freehold vested in him drowned the term until the

recovery was sufficient, yet when the recovery was perfected the term should* revive. Ferrers v, Ferro or, 2 Rol. Rep. 245. Cro. Jac. 643. Ter-rie's case, 1 Ventr. 200, cited. The tame rule must, it is conceived, prevail, even when the conveyance is by lease and release. Sug. n. Gilb. [80.] (6) The following note upon this subject is given by Mr. Sugden, in Gilbert's Law of- Uses

Class IX, ] Uses. 413

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whereas No. III.

divers persons have purchased or have estate made and conveyed of and, '

in divers lands tenements and hereditaments unto them and to their VIII.

wives and to the heirs of the husband, or to the husband and to the c-wife and to the heirs of their two bodies begotten, or to the heirs of one \*^*s^* of their bodies begotten, or to the husband and to the wife for terra of A woman shall their lives, or for term of life of the said wife; or where any such estate not have both a or purchase of any lands tenements or hereditaments hsth been or Jointure and hereafter shall be made to any husband and to his wife in manner and Dower of her form expressed, or to any other person or persons, and to their heirs and Husband'* assigns, to the use and behoof of the said husband and wife, or to the use I-aad*. of the wife as is before rehearsed for the jointer of the wife; that then in Co. L 4, £ 1, every such case every woman married, haying such jointer made or here- f j y after to be made, shall not claim nor have title to have any dower of the 26<L

residue of the lands tenements or hereditaments that at any time were g^* her said husband's, by whom she hath any such jointer, nor snail demand Co.^ Inst. 36 b. nor claim her dower of and against them that have the lands and inheandTrust *, 193, [86.]—"The statute has two provisions for the execution of rents:—the first for rents in esse limited to uses, which are executed in the flame manner as uses of corporeal hereditaments; —the other for rents limited in use out of the seisin in the land of some other, e. g. where any person stands seised of any to the use that some other person may receive a rent thereout, which the statute executes in the same manner as if a sufficient grant had been made to him by the person seised to the use, and gives the cestuique use a power of distress; tee 1 Mod. 223; 2 Mod. 138. This clause, it has been held, relates as well to rents limited since the statute as to rents then in esse, Dy. 362, b, pi. 21; Danby v. Conyers, 1 And. 51; Bendl. 315, pL 299; therefore if lands be conveyed to A and his heirs, to the use that B and hit heirs may receive a given rent, the use will be executed by the statute; but sny ulterior use would be void. Where a rent ia intended to be limited to uses in strict settlement, it is desirable to first grant it to a stranger in fee, to the intent that he may re-grant it to the intended uses; see Mr. Butlers n. to Co. Litt. 271, b; which avoids any question, whether distinct rents are granted; tee Whitfield v. Fausset, 1 Ves. 387:or it may be granted to a stranger to the uses at once; see Bascawen v. Cook, 1 Mod. 223; Cook v. Herle,

2 Mod. 138. .C.; although if limited by way of use to the stranger, the ulterior intended uses would be mere trusts; see Chaplin t1. Chaplin,

3 P. Wins. 229.

" The meaning of the passage in the text is, that a rent cannot be granted by a. bargain and sale; that is, that a mere bargain and sale of a new rent would be void; but upon a conveyance of the estate itself by bargain and sale, a rent may be limited out of the estate created; for although a use had only passed by the common law, yet wow by thie statute the use and possession pass together, and so it amounts to a grant of the land itself. This was adjudged in Weeks v. Tillerd, Co. Litt. 144, a; Crow Elis. 595; and see Put-tenham’s case, 1 And. 18; and the reservation, a* if out of the estate executed by the statute, egill JWt be deemed a use upon a use, Cromwell's caae, post 200; Cholmley’* case, 2 Rep. 54t a; 2 lust. 673; Cro. Eli*. 595. This construction

appears to have depended on that clause in the Act, which executes rents where any person ia seised of land, to the intent that another may have a rent; and on the same principle in the case of Revitt v. Godson, 1 Jo. 179, where there was a covenant to stand seised in consideration of natural love, of certain lands to the use of the covenantor for life, with remainders over, and to the intent that his son should have a rent during hie father's life, it was decided by Dodridge, Jones, and Whitlock, that by the clause in 27 H. 8, where any one was seised to the intent that another should have a rent, the son in that case hid a good rent as well upon a covenant as a feoffment, so if a bargain and sale was rendering rent, that they said was within the clause, for which they referred to Cromwell's case. At first sight these caqps appear to establish that a rent may be newly granted by a bargain and sale or covenant to stand seised; but they merely decided that a rent maybe limited or reserved out of an estate actually raised by either of those conveyances, although they do not operate by transmutation of possession.

" A new rent may, like the estate itself, be limited to commence infuturo within the line of perpetuity, because it hath no existence until that time, and so there is no suspension of any freehold; but it ia otherwise where an old rent is granted for life or in fee to commence tn future, for there the grant b void, because there b a rent in esse, and so the freehold of that rent will be suspended, and therefore such grant b void; Osr mere u. Sheafe, Carth. 307; and see Rex v. Kemp, 2 Salk. 465, 4th Resol.

" It may still be observed, that although a mere tenancy in tail in land be created and the reversion be left in the donor, yet a recovery by the tenant in tail will bar as well the estate tsul as the reversion over; but a bare limitation of a rent upon its creation to one in tail, without a remainder over in fee, will not enable the donee to acquire more than a base fee in the rent, determinable upon failure of the issue; see Smith v. Farnaby, 2 Keb. 29, 55, 84:Weeks v. Peach, 2 Lutw. 1218; 2 Salk. 557; Chaplin t. Chaplin, 3 P. Wins. 229.

u For the nature of an estate in a rent in fee, with powers of distress and entry, see HaydgOl v. Hare, Cro. Jac. 510, "

414

No. III.

27 H. VUI.

c. 10.

A woman shall be, endowed whose jointure is recortnd. Moor, 717.

Women here* tofcee married.

A Jointure after Marriage may be taken or re* fused by the Wife.

Co. 1. 3, f.27. Mbor, 72J.

This Statute shall extinguish no Statute of Recognisance, &c.

Wills made before the Statute, or shortly after, how they shall be taken.

Vta. [Part II

ritances of her said husband; but if she have no such, jointer, then sh< shall be admitted and enabled to pursue have and demand her dower bj writ of dower, after the due course and order of the common laws of tbn realm; this Act dr any law or provision made to the contrary thereoi notwithstanding. (7)

VII. Provided alway, That if any such woman be lawfully expulsed or evicted from her said jointer or from any part thereof, without any fraud or covin, by lawful entry action or by discontinuance of her husband, then every such woman shall be endowed of as much of the residue of her husband’s tenements or hereditaments, whereof she was before duwable, as the same lands and tenements so evicted and expulsed shall amount or extend unto.

VIII. Provided also, That this Act nor any thing therein contained or expressed extend or be in any wise hurtful or prejudicial to any woman or women heretofore being married, of for or concerning such right title use interest or possession as they or any of them have claim or pretend to have for her or their jointer or dower, of in or to any manors lands tenements or other hereditaments of any of their late husbands, being now dead or deceased; any thing contained in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. Provided also, That if any wife have or hereafter shall have any manors lands tenements or hereditaments unto her given and assured after marriage, for term of her life or otherwise in jointer, except the same assurance be to her made by Act of Parliament, and the said wife after that fortune to outlive her said husband, in whose time the said jointer was made or assured unto her, that then the same wife so overliving shall and may at her liberty, after the death of her said husband, refuse to have and take the lands and tenements so to her given appointed or assured during the coverture for term of her life or otherwise in jointer, except the same assurance be to her made by Act of Parliament as is aforesaid, and thereupon to have ask demand and take her dower by writ of dower or otherwise according to the common law, of and in all such lands tenements and hereditaments as her husband was and stood seised of any state of inheritance at any time during the coverture; any thing contained in this Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

X. Provided also, That this present Act or any thing herein contained extend nor be at any time hereafter interpreted expounded or taken to extinct release discharge or suspend any statute recognizances or other bond, by the execution of aDy estate of or in any lands tenements or hereditaments by the authority of this Act, to any person or persons or bodies politick; any thing contained in this Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XL Ana forasmuch as great ambiguities and doubts may arise of the validity and invalidity of wills heretofore made of any lands tenements and hereditaments, to the great trouble of the King’s subjectsthe King’s most Royal Majesty, minding the tranquillity ana rest of his loving subjects, of his most excellent and accustomed goodness is pleased and contented that it may be enacted by the authority of this present Parliament, That all manner true and just wills and testaments heretofore made by any person or persons deceased, or that shall decease before the first day of May that shall be in the year of our Lord God 1536, of any lands tenements or other hereditament, shall be taken and accepted good and

(7) For the circumstances necessary to constitute a jointure amounting to a legal bar of dower, sec Co. Lit. 36, 37—2 Bl. Com. 138. In equity, 44‘ any provision, however precarious, and whether secured out of reality or personalty, which an adult previously to marriage accepts in lieu of dower, Jordan v. Savage, Bac. Abr. Jointure (B) 5 j Charles v. Andrews, 9 Mod. 152; Williams v. Chitty, 3 Ves. Jun. 545; 4 Bio. C. C. 513. Infcnts are within the statute, and may be barred

of dower by a legal jointure, Drury v. Drury, 5 Bro. P. C. 570; 4 Bro. C. C. 506, n.; Wil-mot, 177. By analogy to this rule they may also be barred by an equitable jointure; but they will not, like adults, be bound by a precarious provision. It must, to be effectual, although an equitable provision, .be as certain a provision as is required to operate aa a legal bar; Camithers r. Carruthere, 4 Bro. C* C. 500; Smith v• Smith, 5 Yes. Jun. 189.M--n^@b0^1

u

jointer, tai

iilhoitr

tnoaimn

cu&mnac

LWtUl* iS&

re if. -itf* .uur.eit

i' ix it

: tedacaf»x rein aura

iltUSJtt:Midi he:: :'.dz cr ps oj mam

to fre *

‘rshu^ ven ctiMS oter. nty *

ni rbf >»;

* 'in *

Of l-ft si*1 'sjj'ih'iA .lerijrfst :et:.oenris .Ur ot hito Intake hi

ni!TSC4lb, l

r husbiad vi nr ikse fc

ifenMOfr

TID CWflflP

j c r sfan p

Rrt> or uchff [.rtisirtet wtrbtki itreof «*•

; uMuftk > f?3dliat tijcAmt' loviat sub-[iiOllcOD-iWuraeot,

raadety

urn day

my \w& jiodind

rr.Jhirr, *; Wd-uyabobe

they wi xu prow-ti an equi-m as is rf m>tl>ern% r. Sttlb)

I

Ctea IX.] Fw. 4t

effectual in the law, after such fashion manner and form as they were - No. UL commonly taken and used at any time within forty years next afore the Q7 «• vm# making of this Act; any thing contained in this Act or in the preamble *' «. vUli thereof, or any opinion of the common Jaw to the contrary thereof c* notwithstanding. v»

XII. Provided always, That the Ring's Highness shall not have. How Fines for demand or take any advantage or profit for or by occasion of the executing Alienation Re-of any estate only by authority of this Act, to any person or persons or liefr and Ha-bodies politick which now have, or on this side the said first day of May riots, shall be which shall be in the year of our Lord God 1536, shall have any use or pud to the uses, trusts or confidences in any manors lands tenements or heredila- King* ments bolden of the King's Highness, by reason of primer seisin livery 6 Co. 28. ouster le main fine for alienation relief or hariot; but that fines for alienations reliefs and hariots shall be paid to the King's Highness, and also liveries and ouster le mains shall ce sued for uses trusts and confidences to be made and executed in possession by authority of this Act, after and from the said first day of May, of lands and tenements and other hereditaments holden of the King in such like manner and form, to tdl intents constructions and purposes as hath heretofore been used or accustomed by the order of the laws of this realm.

XIIL Provided also, That no other person or persons or bodies poll- Other Loris’ tick, of whom any lands tenements or hereditaments be or hereafter shall Fines ReUsfo be holden mediate or immediate, shall in anywise demand or take any and Herieta fine relief or hariot, for or by occasion of the executing of any estate by the authority of this Act, to any person or persons or bodies politick before the said first day of May which shall be in the year of our Lord God 1536.

XIV. And be it enacted by authority aforesaid, That all and singular Cestui qu# use person and persons and bodies politick, which at any time on this side the mtJ ttjte said first day of May which shaft be in the year of our Lord God 1536, shall •uc"

have any estate unto them executed of and in any lands tenements or hereditaments, by the authority of this Act, shall and may have and take the same or like advantage benefit voucher aid prayer remedy com- RMy* modify and profit by action entry condition or otherwise, to all intents constructions and purposes as the person or persons seised to their use of or in any such lands tenements or hereditaments so executed, had should might or ought to have had at the time of the execution of the estate thereof, by the authority of this Act, against any other person or persons of or for any waste disseisin trespass condition broken, or any other offence cause or thing concerning or touching the said lands or tenements so executed by the authority of this Act.

XV. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Actions now actions now depending against any person or persons seised of or in any depending, lands tenements or hereditaments to any use trust or confidence, shall

not abate ne be discharged for or by reason of executing of any estate thereof by authority of mis Act before the said first day of May which shall be in the year of our Lord God 1536; any thing contained in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided also, That this Act nor any thing therein contained Wardships

shall not be prejudicial to the King’s Highness for wardships of heirs now Liveries or being within age, nor for liveries or for ouster le mains, to be sued by any Ouster le main, person or persons now being within age or of full age, of any lands or jf any "w be-tenements unto the same neir or heirs now already descended; any in8Tr't^*n *SC» thing in this Act contained to the contrary'notwithstanding. or of full age.

Xvil. Provided also and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Recognisances That all and singular recognizances heretofore knowledged taken or made taken to the to the King's use, for or concerning any recoveries of any lands tene- King's use con-ments or hereditaments heretofore sued or had by writ or writs of entry cerning Recoupon dissesin in le post, shall from henceforth be utterly void and of veries. none effect, to all intents constructions and purposes.

XVIII. Provided also, That this Act nor any thing therein contained, Estates ofLandt be in.any wise prejudicial or hurtful to any person "or persons bom in executed to Wales or the marches of the same, which shall have any estate to them Pen»m bom he

Waits.

416

No. m.

27 H. VIII. c. 10.

Uses. [Part II.

executed by authority of this Act, in any lands tenements or other here-dilaments within this realm, whereof any other person or persons now stand or be seised to the use of any such person or persons bom in Wales or the marches of the same; but that the same person or persons bom in Wales or the marches of the same shall or may lawfully have retain and keep the same lands tenements or other hereditaments whereof estate shall be so unto them executed by the authority of this Act, according to the tenor of the same; any thing in this Act contained or any other Act or provision heretofore had or made to the contrary notwithstanding.

[No. IV.] 27 Henry VIII. c. 16.—For Inrohnent of

Bargains and Sales.

27 H. VIII. it enacted by the authority of this present Parliament, That from

c. 16» the last day of Ju/y which shall be in the year of our Lord God 1536,

No T .nri ghali no manors lands tenements or other hereditaments shall pass alter or

pm by change from one to another, whereby any estate of inheritance or freeand unlm bold shall be made or take effect in any person or persons, or any use

it be by writing thereof to be made, by reason only of any bargain and sale thereof, ex-indented sealed cept the same bargain and sale be made by writing indented sealed and and inrolled. inrolled in one of the King’s courts of record at Westminster, or else within

1 Bulst. 163. the same county or counties where the same manors lands or tene2 Inst. 671. ments so bargained and sold lie or be, before the Custos Rotulorum and

two justices of the peace and the clerk of the peace of the same county 2ML1M218 or count‘es» or two of them at the least, whereof the clerk of the peace ofvit *18' to be one; and the same inrollment to be had and made within six months next after the date of the same, writings indented; the same Custos Rotulorum or justices of the peace and clerk taking for the inrollment of every such writing indented before them, where the buy! comprised in the same writing exceeds not the yearly value of forty shillings, ii f, that is to say, xijd. to the justices, and xijd. to the clerk; and for the inrollment of every such writing indented before them, wherein the land comprised exceeds the sum of xl s. in the yearly value v s. that is to say, ft s. vi d. to the said justices, and ii s. vi d. to the said clerk for the inrolling of the same:And that the clerk of the peace for the time being, within every such county, shall sufficiently inroll and ingross in parchment the same deeds or writings indented as is aforesaid; and the rolls thereof at the end of every year shall deliver unto the said Custos Rotulorum of the same county for the time being, there to remain in the custody of the said Custos Rotulorum for the time being, amongst othfer records of every of the same counties where any such inrollment shall be so made, to the intent that every patty that hath to do therewith may resort and see the effect and tenor of every such writing so inrolled.

4 Ca 70.

7 Co. 40.

The Fee for Inrollment in the County.

8 Co. 93.

Cro. El. 166, 217.

Cro. Car. 110, 129, 218.

1 Salk. 380.

1 Ander.285.

Extended to Counties Palatine by <5 El. c. 26.

* For the general doctrines established with regard to this Act, I shall only refer to the authorities mentioned in the preliminary note to the preceding number. But think it proper more particularly to mention the opinion maintained by Mr. Fearne, in his reading on the present statute (inserted in his posthumous works) that a rent or reversion, which would not pass at common law by mere grant without attornment, cannot now pass by grant, although the necessity of attornment is taken away by Stat. 4XXAnne, c. 16, [ante Class I. No. 23.]--and that it is a conveyance of such interest as must be made either by leite and release, or by bargain and sale inrolled. This opinion appears to be evidendy erroneous, *nd is controverted by Mr. Sanders in his Treaie ou Uses, vol. 2, p. 39, and by Mr. Sugdcn,

in his note to Gilbert, [1 Oh] 226. The following -summary of the quesuon is extracted from the note just mentioned. " The tiue state of the law seems to be simply this: the statute of in-rolments only extended to proper bargains and sales—a grant of a reversion was a common law conveyance, and not within the purview of it; because the necessity of attornment, which then existed, was equipollent to livery of seisin, where the estate was m possession. The statute of Anne took away the necessity of attornment to a gram of a reversion, but did not affect the operation of the grant itself, which still, as formerly, will as a common law conveyance transfer the reversion, and will now be sufficient without any

attornment of the tenant#/* ~

fcl

f^i

HlEJ.-j.

EtEfc.

tor*,

bias

ic "jr & *

res ?.

Zt?V.

? jf;

: i Ht.

i - i.'GI; ?*; 7^B i*a» /:r:i

, /JX .

i7'l

Class IX.] Utet. 417

II. Provided always, That this Act nor any thing therein contained, No. IV. extend to any mancr lands tenements or hereditaments, lying or being 07 jj yill within any city borough or town corporate within this realm, wherein the *4 ’• g

mayors recorders chamberlains bailiffs or other officer or officers have _ _ authority, or have lawfully used to inroll any evidences deeds or other " *

writings within their precint or limits; any thing in this Act contained Town* Cctpo-" to the contrary notwithstanding. dec. may

inroll.

Dyer, & 226.

[No. V.] 5 Elizabeth, c. 26.—An Act for the Inrolment

of Indentures of Bargain and Sale in the Queen's Majesty's Courts of the Counties of Lancaster Chester and Bishoprick of Durham, shall be good in Law.

4 WHERE in the Parliament holden upon prorogation at Westminster, 5 Eli *, c. 26.

4 T the fourth day of February in the 27th year 0? the reign of our late 07 h 8 c. 16. 4 Sovereign Lord of most famous memory King Henry the Eighth, and a n* *

4 there continued and kept till the 14th day of April then next ensuing,

4 it was enacted, That from the last day of July which was in the year of our Lord God one thousand five hundred thirty-six, no tnanors lands tenements or other hereditaments should pass alter or change from one to another, whereby any estate of inheritance or freehold should be made or take effect in any person .or persons, or any use thereof to be made, by reason only of any bargain and sale thereof, except the same bargain and sale were made by writing indented sealed and inrolled in one of the King’s courts of record at Westminster, or else within the same county or counties where the same manors lands or tenements so bargained and sold lie or be, before the Custos Rotulorum and two jus *

4 tices of the peace and the clerk of the peace of the same county or counties, or two of them at the least, (whereof the clerk of the peace to be one) and the same inrollments to be had and made within six months next after the date of the said writing indented; as by the same

4 Act of Parliament among other things therein contained more at large it doth appear.

4II. And forasmuch as the same Act of Parliament doth not extend to make any inrollments of any deeds indented of such bargains and sales made of any manors lands tenements or hereditaments, lying and being within the counties 'palatine of ljtncaster Chester and die bishoprick of Durham, to be good or of any force in the law in any the Queen's courts of record within the said counties palatine of Lancaster Chester or bishoprick of Durham

III. Be it now therefore enacted by the Queen our Sovereign Lady, with the assent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal of this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from the Inrolmcnu ia Feast of Faster next coming, all inrollments of such writings indented, Lancaster (viz. as be mentioned 27 H. 8. c. 16.) of any bargain and sale, after the Chester and said Feast of Easter to be made of any manors lands tenements or other Durham, hereditaments, set lying or being in the counties of Lancaster Chester and bishoprick of Durham, being made and inrolled within six months next after the date of any such writings indented in the Queen's Court of Chancery at Lancaster, or before the Queen's justice or justices of assizes at Lancaster aforesaid, concerning any manors lands tenements or hereditaments within the said county of Lancaster; or in the Queen's Court of the Exchequer at Chester, or before the Queen's justice or justices of assizes at Chester aforesaid, concerning any manors lands tenements or hereditaments within the said county of Chester, or in the Court of Chancery at Durcsme, or before the justice or justices of assize at Dm-resme aforesaid, concerning any manors lands tenements or hereditaments within the said county of the bishoprick of Duresme, shall be €£ccarted reputed deemed and taken, by the authority of this Act, to be as -good and available in law to all intents constructions and purposes 1bakifLH the same writings indented bad been made and inrolled iu kny of the Vou I, 2 E

418

No. V. 5 Ellz.

Uses. [Part 1L

Queen's courts at Westminster; any thing contained in the said former Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, That this Act nor any thing therein contained extend to any manors lands tenements or hereditaments, lying and being within any city borough or town corporate within any of the said countries, wherein the mayors recorders chamberlains bailiffs or other officer or officers have authority, and have lawfully U9ed to inrol any evidences deeds or other writing within their precinct or limits; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[No. VI.] 54 George III. c. 168.—An Act to amend the Laws respecting the Attestation of Instruments of Appointment and Revocation, made in Exercise of certain Powers in Deeds Wills and other Instruments.* [30fft July 1814.]

64 G. III. < RE AS powers authorities and trusts are in many cases required

c. 168. to be executed by deeds* or instruments signed by or under the

4 hands of the persons executing the same, or persons consenting to or directing Acts respecting such powers authorities and trusts are fre—

4 quently required to signify such consent or direction by deeds or instruments signed by them, or under their hands, and it has been the ordinary practice in the memorandum of attestation of deeds to express the facts of sealing and delivery only: And whereas doubts have arisen respecting the validity of deeds or instruments so attested and requiring signature, although the same may have been actually signed by the 4 persons whose signature is required thereto, and the titles of many purchasers and of other persons claiming under such instruments may be defective for want of the insertion of the word Signed, " or some word to that effect, in the memorandum of attestation thereof: And whereas it is expedient that the titles of purchasers and other persons should not be disturbed, merely on account of the omission to express the fact of signature in the memorandum of attestation of any such deed or other instrument already madeMay it therefore please your Deeds, &c.'exe- Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most rated without Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Memorandum Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament as-of Attestation, sembled, and by Uie authority of the same, That every deed or other deemed valid, instrument already made with the intention to exercise any power authority or trust, or to signify the consent or direction of any person whose consent or direction may be necessary to be so signified, shall (if duly signed and executed and in other respects duly attested) be from the date thereof, and so as to establish'derivative titles, if any, of the same validity and effect and no other at law and in equity, and proveable in like manner as if a memorandum of attestation of signature, or being tinder hand, had been subscribed by the witness or witnesses thereto; fend the attestation of the witness or witnesses thereto, expressing the fact of sealing, or of sealing and delivery, without expressing the fact of signing or any other form of attestation, shall not exclude the proof or the presumption of signature.

To what Deeds II. And be it enacted, That this Act shall extend and be construed to Act to extend, extend to all deeds and other instruments already made in exercise of powers authorities and trusts of sale exchange partition selection nomination discretion leasing jointuring raising portions and other charges, and

• This Act was occasioned by the decisions in Wright v. Wakeford, 4 Taunt. 213. Doe v. Peach, 2 M & . 576, which were contrary to the general understanding and opinion of convey-ncea. It is to be observed, that the operation of it Act is only retrospective. See some important observations upon the subject in a letter to Sir Samuel RotniUy, by Mr. Sugden, and which are incorporated in the second edition of his Treatise on the Law of Powers, Chap* 5 -Sec. 3, p. 231.

Class DC.]

Uses,

41»

for appointing new trustees and other powers authorities and trusts No. VI. whatsoever, or made for evidencing assent consent request direction, or r* jtx any other like circumstance in reference to the execution of any such wr^LAA1‘ powers authorities or trusts. c *

III. Provided always and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not extend nor be construed to extend to revive or give effect to any appoint- Act not to have ment revocation or other assurance heretofore made, as far as the same retrospective has been avoided by entry or claim, or by suit at law or in equity, or by operation $ nor any other legal or equitable means whatsoever; nor shall this Act affect affect jmy exist-or prejudice any suit at law or in equity now depending, for avoiding "»g at l*w» any deed or other instrument of appointment revocation or assurance. &c *

• IV. Provided always and be it further enacted, That if any person Appointments, who has made any such entry or claim, or who has brought any such &c. not affected, suit, or has defended any suit, for the purpose of avoiding any such appointment revocation or other assurance, should release die benefit of the same entry claim suit or defence within six calendar months next after the passing of this Act, then such entry or claim or suit or defence shall not prejudice or avoid any such appointment revocation or other assurance, hut every such appointment revocation or other assurance shall be and remain in force under this Act as if no such entry or claim had been made or suit brought or defended.

V. Provided always and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Na^nstrumew* Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to affect any ques- unlem wiihia tion respecting any instrument not within the provisions of this Act, and which may want any formality in the attestation of any witqpss or wit- affected, nesses thereto, but such instrument shall have the same force and effect as it might have had if this Act had not been made; any thing in this Act contained notwithstanding.

3E 3

420

18 Edw. I. st. 4. 2 Inal. 510.

5 Co. 39.

The aider of levying a Fine. Or, Who will give? SirK.

Rest. 349.

The Form of a Fine.

What things be requisite to -make Fine good. 27 Ed. 1. st. 1. c. 1.

What Person shall be concluded by a Fine.

3 R. 3. Cm 7.

4 H. 7. c. 24.

4 Co. 125.

4 Ed. 3. f» 46. 35 Ed. 2. stat. of Carlisle.

Edw.l.st. 1. c. I.

2 Inst. 121.

j [Part II.

PART II.

CLASS X.

Itries and Recoveries.

’ [No. I.] 18 Edward I. st. 4. (levandi Fines.)—

The Manner of levying of Fines. What Things be requisite to make them good, and who are bound by them.

WHEN the writ original is delivered in presence of the parties before justices, a pleader shall say this, Sir Justice, Conge, de accorder; and

* the justice shall say to him, What saith Sir R. and shall name one of the parties. Then when they be agreed of the sum of money that must be given to the King, then the justice shall say, Cry the Peace. And after the pleader shall say, In to much at peace it licensed that unto you W. and 4 A. hit wife, that here be, do acknowledge the manor of B. with the appvrtc- nances contained in the writ, to be the right of our lord the King, which he hath of their gift to have and to hold to him and hit heirt if the taid W. and A. and the heirt of A. at in demeans rents seigniories courts pleatpurchases wards marriages reliefs escheats mills advowsont if churches, and allotherfranchises and free customs to the said manor belonging, paying yearly to K. and kit heirs, as chief lords of the fee, the services and customs due for all services. And it is to be noted, that the order of the law will not suffer a final accord to be levied in the King's court without a writ original, and that

* must be at die least before Tour justices in the Bench, or in Eyre, and not elsewhere, and in presence of the parties named in the writ, < which must be of full age, of good memory, and out of prison. And if a woman covert be one of the parties, then she must be first examined by four of the said justices; and if she doth not assent thereunto, the fine shall not be levied. And the cause wherefore such solemnity ought to be done in a fine is, because a fine is so high a bar of so great force and of so strong nature in'itself, that it concludeth not only such as be parties and privies thereto and their heirs, but all other people of the world,

* being of full age, out of prison, of good memory, and within the four seas, 4 the day of the fine levied, if they make not their elaim of their action within a year and a day by the country. ’

[No. II.] 27 Edward I. st. 1. c. 1. —

No Exception to a Fine that the Demandant was seised. Fines shall be openly read.

" FORASMUCH as fines levied in our court ought and do make an " A end all matters, and therefore are called Fines principally, where " after waging of battail or the great assise in their cases ever they hold " the last ana final place. And now by a certain time passed, as well " in the time of King Henry, of famous memory, our father, as in our " time, the parties of such fines and their heirs, contrary to the laws and " customs of our realm of ancient time used, were admitted to adnul and defeat such fine, alleging that before the fine levied, and at the levying " thereof, and since the demandants or plaintiffs, or their ancestors, were alway seised of the lands contained in the fine, orof some parcel thereof; " and so fines lawfully levied were many times unjustly defeated and ad-" nulled by jurors of the country falsely and maliciously procured P* < we

Class X.] F\rie» and Recoveries. 421

4 therefore, intending to provide a remedy in the premises, in our Farlia- No. II.

ment at Westminster have ordained, that such exceptions answers or Q, 4 inquisitions of the country shall from henceforth in no wise be admitted "w* *•

4 contrary, to such recognizances or fines. And further we will, That this I. c* *•

4 statute shall as well extend unto fines heretofore levied, as to them that shall be levied hereafter. And let the justices see that such notes and No Exception fines as hereafter shall be levied in our court, be read openly and |0 a FweVtbat solemnly, and that in the meantime all pleas shall cease; and this the Demandant must be at two certain days m the week, according to the'discretion of waa always 1 the justices.* seised. Hast. 349, Ac. c. 3 Co. 88. Fits. Replic. 62, 63, 66. 42 Ed. 3. f. 19. Fines shall be openly read, and then all pleas shall cease. 18 Ed. 1. st. 4. of Fines.

[No. III.] 15 Edward II. (Statutum de Carleol. de Finibus.)—The Conusor of a Fine shall come personally before the Justices. Where a Commission shall be % awarded to take a Fine. Who may admit Attorneys.

4 rpHE King unto the justices of his Bench greeting.—Whereas of late we 15 Ed. If.

4 A have ordained that all such fines as are to be levied in our court be

4 lawfully levied, which we will in no wise to be infringed or to be adnulled ‘•of their whole power, we have 9ent unto you our mind in writing firmly to 4 .beobserved: that is to wit. That as well the parties demandant or plain- The Conusor tiff, as the tenants or defendants, that will yield or acknowledge their of a Fine shalT 4 right Qf lands or tenements unto other in pleas of warraittia charter cove- come personally nant and other whereupon fine9 are to be levied, afore you, before such before the Jus- fines do pass, the parties shall appear personally, so that their age idiocy tice, that his or any other default, (if any be) may be judged and discerned by you. Defects may be Provided notwithstanding, that if any person be by age or impotence dc- p*61?^* .

4 crepit, or by casualty so oppressed and withholden, that by no mean he «c.

4 is able to come before you m our court, then in such case we will that two "•Flnc, "*7* or one of you, by assent of the residue of the bench, shall go unto the *

4 party so deceased* and shall receive his cognisance upon that plea and form of plea that he hath in our court, whereupon the same fine ought to be levied. And if there go but one, be shall take with him an abbot a A Commission prior or a knight, a man of good fame and credit, and shall certify you to take a Fine.

4 thereof by the record; so that all tilings incident to the same fine being examined by him or them, the same fine3 according to our former ortli- nance may be law fully levied. And wc will not that any of our barons of Who may allow the exchequer or our justices shall admit any attorneys, but only in pleas Attorneys in that pass afore them in the benches and in places where they lie assigned every Court.

4 by us. And the same power of admitting attorneys we prohibit and deny Rest. 96 *

4 to the clerks and servants of the said barons and justices; and do ordain that if any attorneys be admitted hereafter by any of the persons aforc- said, their admission shall be of none effect Reserved alway to the »phe Chancellor for the time being his authority in admitting attorneys, ac- Chancellor and cording to whose discretion they shall be admitted; and to our chief Chief Justices justices, as heretofore hath been observed in the admission of attorneys, may admit At-4 We will also that this our ordinance shall take effect and begin at the tonseys.

4 utas of the Trinity next ensuing. Given at our Parliament at Carlisle,

the fifteenth year of our reign.

[No. IV.] 34 Edward III. c. 16.—Non-claim of Fines shall hereafter be no Bar.

4 XT EM it is accorded, That the plea of non-claim of fines, which from 34 Ed. III. c. 1(1 4 henceforth be to be levied, shall not betaken nor holden for any bar

4 in time tO COme.* *•

5 Hen. IV. c. 14.

6 Co. 39.

[Fart HL

[No. V.] 5 Henry IV. c. 14.—Inrolling of Writs in the common Place whereupon Fines be levied.

" ITEM, whereas many feet of floes of lands and tenements within the " A realm of England remaining in the Kina's treasury, and the notes of " such fines remaining in the common bench have been before this time " imbesilled, and other feet and notes of fines falslv counterfeit and set " in their places by deceit and falsehood of some, whereby many people " of the realm have been greatly endamaged before this time, and may " be disherited in the time to come‘ it is ordained and established,

That all the writs of covenant, and all other writs whereupon fines shall be levied in time to come, with the writs of dedimus potato turn, if any be,

with all knowledges and notes of the same, before that they be drawn out of the common bench by the cyroerapher, shall be inrolled in a roll, to be 1 of record for ever, to remain in the safe custody of the chief clerk of the

* common bench and of his successors, for the old fee of nit pence,

accustomed to be paid to the chief clerk for the entering of the conoord 6 of every fine, without paying any more; to the intent that if the notes in the custody of the cyrographer, or the fines be imbesilled, a man may

* have recourse to the said roll, to have execution thereof, as he should have if the fines were not imbesilled; and that all the writs of covenant *

and all other writs whereupon fines have been levied in times past, shall

* be also of record. And moreover, all the fines that were now kte ina- besilled in the treasury of our Lord the King by persons unknown, if

* the notes and the* same writs of covenant of such fines imbesilled remaining in the custody of the cyrographer may be found, that then to the party shewing part of the fines imbesilled, such notes and writs of covenant shall remain of record as far forth as the same fines should have been if no imbesilling thereof had been made. ’

lift III. c. 7. 18 Ed. 1. st. 4, Modus levandi Fines altered by 31 EL c. 2.

A Transcript of the Fine shall be sent to the Justices of A»-i se of the Cotmty where the land lieth, to be proclaim* ed there.

[No. VI.] I Richard HI. c. 7.—Who shall be bound by a Fine levied before the Justices of the Common JPleas:and Proclamations made thereof.

ITEM, whereas it is ordained established and enacted in a Parliament 1 xholden in the time of the reign of King Edward the First, by the star 1 tute de Finibnt, that notes and fines levied in the King’s court before his justices should be openly and solemnly read, and that the pleas in the mean time should cease, and this to be done two days in the week after the discretion of the justices, as in the same statute more plainly appearetliOur said Sovereign Lord the King, considering that fines ought to be of the greatest strength to avoid strifes and debates, and be a final end and concnision, that it be willed and ordained, by the advice and assent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by authority of the same, That after the ingrossing of every fine to be levied after the feast of Easter next coming in the King’s court before the justices of the common place, of any lands tenements or other hereditaments, the same fine snail be openly and solemnly read and proclaimed in the same court the same term, and in three terms of the year next following the same ingrossing in the same court, at four several days in every term, and in the same time that it is so read and proclaimed all pleas shall cease, and moreover a transcript of the same fine shall be sent by the said justices of the common place to the justices of assizes of the county where the said lands and tenements be; they to cause the said fine to be read and proclaimed openly and solemnly m every their sessions of assizes, to be holden the same year, if assizes do then hold, and all the pleas in the mean time to cease.

• AH die clauses in this Act bring copied almost cybatim with earns additions in the statute next 'ted, (4 Henry Vll.) the statute of Richard

is now become useless and oteefcce. Cruise,

Fines, ch. ix. § 2. O r\r^n\o

Class X.] Fines ami Recmmiet. 4K

* II. Also it is ordained and established by the said authority of Paris*. mot, That a like transcript of the same fine shall be sent to the justices of peace of the county where the said lands and tenements be, they to cause open and solemn proclamation of the said fine to be made at lour general sessions of the peace to be holden in the same year. '

f III. The said justices of assises, and also justice of peace, to certify the same proclamation to the King's justices of the common place, at the second day of return of the term then next following, after which proclamation done and certified, - the said fine to be a final end, and to conclude as well privies as strangers to die same; except women covert, other than be parties to the said fine, and every person or persons then being within age, in prison, or out of this realm of England, or not of whole memory at the time of such fine levied.

IV. And saving to every person or persons such right title claim and interest which they have to or in the said lands tenements and other hereditaments, at the time of such fine ingrossed, so that they do pursue their said right title claim or interest, by way of action or lawful entry, within five years next after the said proclamation made had or certified.

* V. And also saving 16 all other persons such action right title claim and interest in and to all the said lands tenements and other hereditaments, which shall grow remain descend or come to them after the said fine ingrossed, by force of any gift in tail, or by any other cause or matter had or made before the said fine levied^ so that those persons take their said actions, or pursue their said right and title according to the law, within five years next after such actions right title claim or interest grown descended remained or come to them; and also that the said persons and their heirs may have their said action against the taker of the profits of the said lands tenements and other hereditaments at the time to£ such action to be taken.

• A Transcript sent to the Jus* tices of Peace.

t Who shaH bo concluded byw Fine, who not *

The immediate

right of

Strangers avedf if pursued in time.

The right of Strangers in Reversion saved.

Actions maintainable against the Pernor of the Profits.

VI. And if the same persons at the time of such action right and title The Right cflogrown descended remained or come to them, he covert baron, or within Women, age, or in prison, or out of this land, or not of whole memory; it is covtn Persons, ordained established and enacted by authority aforesaid, That their actions "prisoned, out right and title shall be reserved and saved to them and their heirs till the of 01

time they come and be it their full age, out of prison, within this land, not of . unmarried, and of whole memory, so that they or their heirs take their mem0I7> said actions, or lawful entry, according to their right and title, within five

years next after they come and be it their full'age, out of prison, within this land, unmarried, and of whole memory, and pursue the same actions, or take their lawful entry with effect, according to ttye law of England.

VII. Also by authority of the said Parliament, it is ordained esta- An Entry muse blished and enacted, that all such persons which be covert, not parties to be .made»or the fine, and every person being within age, in prison, or out of this realm, a<itjPn

or not of whole memory, at the time of the said fines levied and engrossed, wUhm "ve by this Act of Parliament before excepted, having any right or title or Z?3? 1116

cause of action to any of the said lands tenements and other heredita- '

meats, that they or their heirs take their said actions or lawful entry, according to their right and title, within five years next after that the said persons come to be of full age, out of prison, unmarried, within this land» and also become of whole memory; and also sue the same actions, and take their lawful entry, and so pursue with effect, according to the law of the realm of England, And moreover, if they do not take their said *actions and also thetr said lawful entry in the manner as is aforesaid, that then they shall he concluded by the said fines for ever, in like form as they that he parties and privies to the said fines levied and ingrossed.

VIII. Also by the said authority it is ordained and established, That

every fine which shall be from henceforth levied in any of the Kind's the

courts of any manors lands tenements or other possessions, after the manner usage and form that fines have been levied before the making of J* "j"*.

this Act before rehearsed, shall be of like strength effect and authority as btfiwTAMi fines so levied he or were before the making of this Act; this Act or any pirwl| other Act in this Parliament made or to be made notwithstanding. And a FimatooafiDg to this Statute or tfcffwiwn hir

424

No. VL 1 Rich. IU.

c. 7.

4 Hen. VII. c.24.

Fmes and Recoveries. [Part II.

that every person shall be at his liberty to levy any fine hereafter; as he will himself at his pleasure, after the manner contained and ordained in and by this Act, or after the manner and form before used.

[No. VII.] 4 Henry VII. c. 24.—How often a Fine levied in the Common Pleas shall be read and proclaimed, and who then shall be bound thereby.

* . ITEM, where it was ordained in the time of King Enwaan the Firsts A by the statute de Finibus, that notes and fines to be levied in the

* King’s court afore his justices should be openly and* solemnly read,

* and that pleas in the mean time should cease, and this to be done by two days in the week, after the discretion of the justices* as in the said

* statute more plainly appearethThe King our Sovereign Lord const-dereth, that fines ouglit to be of the greatest strength to avoid strifes and debates, and to be a final end and conclusion; and of such effect were taken afore a statute made of nonclaim, and now is used to the contrary, to the universal trouble of the King’s subjects, therefore will therefore it be ordained, by the advice of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in the said Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That after the incrossing of every fine to be levied after the feast of Easter, that shall be in the year of our' Lord M.CCCC.XC. in the King’s court, afore his justices of the common place, of any lands tenements or any other hereditaments, the same fine be openly and solemnly read ami proclaimed in the same court the same term, and in three'terms then next following the same ingrossing in the same court, at four several days in every term; and in the same time that it is so read and proclaimed, all pleas to cease. And the said proclamations so had and made, the said fine to be a final end, and conclude as well privies as strangers to the same, except women covert (other than beta parties to the said fine) and every person then being within age of xxi. years, In prison, or out of this realm, or not of whole mind at the time of the said fine levied, not parties to such fine; and saving to every person or persons and to their heirs, other than the parties in the said fine, such right title claim and interest as they have to or in the said lands tenements or other hereditaments, the time of such fine ingrossed; so that they pursue their title claim or interest, by way of action or lawful entry, within five years next after the said proclamations had and made: And also saving to all other persons such action right title claim and interest in or to the said lands tenements or other hereditaments, as first shall grow remain or descend or come to them after the said fine ingrossed and proclamation made, by force of any gift in the tail, or by any other cause or matter had and made before the said fine levied; so that they take their action, or pursue their said right and title, according to the law, within five years next after such action right title claim or interest to them accrued descended remained fallen or come: (1) And that the said persons and their heirs,

(1) If a tenant in tail make a feoffment or bargain and sale, and the feoffee or bargainee levy a fine, the issue in tail have five years from the death of the tenant in tail, as no claim could be made by tenant in tad in his life time; but if the tenant in tail is disseised, the time begins to run immediately from the' fine being levied; and the time having run against the ancestor, continues against the iasue in tail, 3 Ren. 87. Plowden, 374. Fenyston v. Lyster, Cro. Elis. 896. If fine be levied by tenant in tail, the party in reversion or xsmaiitder has five years from the failure of the Ipuein taiL Plowden, 374. T. Raym. 161.

If there be no person intided to claim at the -time of the fine levied, the perron afterwards acquiring a title hat five years to make a claim;

therefore if A, being* entitled to a term of yearn in remainder, dies—and after the right to the term accrues in possession a fine is levied, them being no executor or administrator of A, the time only begins to run from the taking administration. Stamford’s case, cited Cro. Jac. 61.

A person having distinct rights, and barred by non-claim as to the one, is within the second saving of the statute as to the other, as if the tenant for fife levy a fine, and the party in remainder does not claim in respect of the forfeiture within fire years, he has five years from the death of the tenant for life; although the words of the statute are other per$mu—Laund t>. Tucker, Cro. Elia. 254. 3 Rep. 78. 6. [But notwithstanding this saving, it was hern in B. R. that the fine

Class X.] Fines and Recoveries. 425

rosy have their said action against the pernor of the profits of the said No. VII.

lands and tenements and other hereditaments, at the time of the said ., y.r

action to be taken:And if the same persons at the time of such action nen^!11,

right and title accrued descended remained or come unto them, be covert c *

de baron, or within age, in prison, or out of this land, or not of whole

•mind, then it is ordained by the said authority, that their action right

and title be reserved and saved to them and their heirs, unto the time they

come and be it their full age of xxi. years, out of prison, within this land,

uncovert, and of whole mind, so that they or their heirs take their said

.actions or their lawful entry, according to their right and title within five

years next after that they come and be it their full age, out of prison,

within this land, uucovert, and of whole mind, and the same actions

pursue, or other lawful entry take, according to die law. (2) And also it

is ordained by the authority aforesaid, that all such persons as be covert

de baron, not |iarty to the fine, and every person being within age of xxi.

years, in prison, or out of this land, or not ot whole mind, at the time of the

said fines levied and engrossed, and by this said Act afore except, having

any right or title or cause of action to any of the said lands and other

hereditaments, that they or their heirs inheritable to the same take their

staid actions or lawful entry according to their right aodstitle, within

Jive years next after they come and be of age of xxi. years, out of prison,

uncovert, within this land, and of whole mind, and the same actions sue, or their lawful entry take and pursue, according to the law. And if they do not take their actions and entry as is aforesaid. That they and every of them, and their heirs and the heirs of every of them, be concluded by the said fines forever, in like form as they be that be parties or privies to the said fines. Saving to every person or persons not party nor privy to the said fine their exception to avoid the same fine, by that, that those which were parties to the fine, nor any of them, nor no person or persons to their use, ne to the use of any of them, had nothing in the lands and tenements comprised in the said fine at the time of the said fine

of tenant for life divests the remainder and turns it to a right which is not devisable. Goodright v. Forrester, 8 East, 552, affirmed in the Exchequer Chamber on a different ground, mentioned infra.]

: So if lessee for jean make a feoffment, and afterwards levy a fine, the lessor has five jean from the expintion of the term of years. Whiley , r. Tancred, 1 Ventr. 241. T. Raym. 219; —and see Fermor’s case, 3 Rep. 77. 2 And. 176. Saun-den v. Lord Annesley, 2 Scholes and Lefroy, 99. But if it be not a new right, but only the same right which accrues a second time, the saving does not apply, as if tenant in tail make a lease which is void and levy a fine, and the person entitled in remainder do not enter within five yean after the death of the ancestor, he has not. a new five yean after the eipiration of the lease. Sal-vin r. Clerk, Cro.Car. 156. W. Jones, 211. The cognisee of a second statute has five yean from the time of satisfaction of the first being entered on the record. Deighton r. Grenville, 2 Ventr. 333. 1 Sho. 36. Skinn. 260.

The statute does not bar bishops recton or persons entitled to lands in respect of offices for life; but each particular person is bound by a lapse of five yean in his own time. Plowd. 538.

Iu the case of Goodright v. Forrester, in the Exchequer Chamber, above referred to, 1 Taunt. 578. it was held, that if A, being tenant for life, with .remainder to his opm executors for forty yean, levy a fineand afterwards B, being entitled to the reversion in fee, devises to C for life with remainder to D, and C does not enter within five yean from the expiration of the term of forty yean, D has not five yean from the death of C, (supposing the reversion devisable after the fine) for that -as B or his heirs could not claim after the fire yean, he could not prolong the time by the limitations of his will. It was held by the Court, that the Plaintiff s tide was that of the same estate which B had at the time of the fine levied, and which first accrued before the fine, and that the Plaintiff could not bring himself within the saving as the title did not first accrue to him after the fine as a distinct original title by matter before the fine.

(2) It is established in the case of Howell v. Lord Zouch, Plowden 355, and confirmed in Doe on the demise of Durome r. Jones, 4 T. R. 300, and several intermediate cases, that on every statute of limitation, if a disability be once removed, the time must continue to run notwithstanding any subsequent disability; and in the last mentioned case this was ruled to be the law whethei the disability be voluntary or involuntary. So in case of disabilities or protections at common law against the right of entry being tolled by descenr. See lessee of Carter r. Tash, 1 Salk. 241. See also 1 Inst. 338—246—353. It was first positively determined in Dittin v. Leman, 2 H. Bl. 584, that if a party die under disability, his heir not under disability must chum within the five yean *

Fines and Recoveries. [Part IF.

levied. (3) And it is ordained by the said authority, that every fine that hereafter shall be levied in any of the King’s courts of any manors lands tenements and other possessions, after the manner use and form that fines have been levied afore the making of this Act, be of like force effect and authority as fines so levied be or were afore the making of this Act i this Act or any other Act in this present Parliament made or to be made notwithstanding. And every person shall be at liberty to levy any fine hereafter at his pleasure, whether he will after the form contained and ordained in and by this Act, or after the manner and form aforetime used.

(3) A fine levied by a person wfio has no es- 11 East, 495, it was held that the execution of a tate of freehold at the time of levying it, is of no writ of possession on the evening of the fine day effect. A tenant for yean may acquire the free* of Term, (sixth November) together with a sola-hold, by making a feoffment upon which his fine sequent receipt of rent for the preceding half-will operate. See Whaley o. Tailored, 1 Ventr. 241. year, was sufficient evidence of seisin to support: 1 Raym. 219. Parkhurst v. Smith, Willey 317, a fine levied in fact on the eighth of November 5 4 B. P. C. 405. 3 Atk. 135. but having relation to the sixth, although there

In the case of a fine of a New River share, was not any actual change of tenant; and Lord there not appearing to have been any entry or EUenborough said, that he should have thought receipt of rent before the fine levied, Lord Hard- that a receipt of rent after a fine levied for a wick held, that there was not a sufficient seisin period of rime antecedent to the fine, was prma to support the fine. Lord Townsend v. Ash, facie evidence of the party’s possession by his 3 Atk. 336. tenant during the period for which the rent was

In Doe on the Demise of Osborne v. Spencer, received, unless fraud or contrivance appeared.

496

No. vir.

4H. VII. c. 24.

32 H. VIII. c. 36.

Pkrwd. 246.

3 Co. 51, & 84. 7 Co. 32.

9 Co. 140.

11 Co. 75.

Bro. Axsur. 6. Bro. Feoffin. al. Use 57.

Bro. Taile, 2. Bio. Fines, 109, 118, 121.

Co. Lit. 372, a. 1 Btdstr.33.

13 Ed. 1. st. 1. c. 1.

1 Leon. 244.

2 Leon. 36, 5, 62, 224.

3 Leon. 10.

1 Anders. 3, 39, 141.

Skinner, 95. 2And.l09, 114. Cro. Car. 435. Yin. V. 13, 264. Wood, Pt. 1. 630.

[No. VIII.] 32 Henry VIII. c. 36.—For the Exposition of the Statute of Fines.

* FORASMUCH as in the fourth year of file reign of the late King of famous memory, King Henry the Seventh, Father of our most dread Sovereign Lord the King that now is, it was among many good c and sundry statutes and ordinances then made for the common wealth, c enacted ordained and established the form and manner how fines should be levied with proclamations in the King’s court before his justices of his common place, and that such fines with proclamations so had and

made, to the intent to avoid all strife and debates, should be a final end,

* and conclude as well privies as strangers to the same, certain persons < excepted and saved, as in the same statute more plainly appeareth;

* sithen which time, by diversity of interpretations and expounding of the same statute, it hath been and is yet by some manner of persons doubted and called in question, whether fines with proclamations levied or to be

* levied before the said justices, by any person or persons having or 1 claiming to have in any manors lands tenements or hereditaments 1 comprised in the same fine, in possession reversion remainder or in use

* any manner of estate-tail, should immediately after the said fine levied

* engrossed and proclamation made, bind the right heir and heirs of such tenant in tail, and every other person and persons seised or chinwag to their use or uses; by occasion whereof divers .debates controversies suits and troubles have been begun moved and had within this realm,

and mo be like to ensue if remedy for the same be not provided; ’ For the establishment and reformation whereof, and for the sure and sincere interpretation of the said statute in avoiding all dangers contentions controversies ambiguities and doubts that hereafter may en surge grow or happen, our said Sovereign Lord the King, with the assent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by authority of the same, hath enacted, and ordained. That all and singular fines as well heretofore levied as hereafter to be levied before the said justices with proclamations, according to the said statute, by any person or persons of full age of one and twenty years, of any manors lands tenements or hereditaments before the tune of the said fine levied in any wise entailed to the person or persons so levyh^ the same fine, or to any the ancestor or ancestors of the same person or

Class X.] Fine* and meg.4Sff

persons in possession reversion remainder or in use, shall be, immediately No. VIII.

after the same fine levied engrossed and proclamations made, adjudged, TT

accepted deemed and taken to all intents and purposes a sufficient bar "* JLU1 *

and discharge for ever against the said person and persons and their

lieirs claiming the same lands tenements and hereditaments, or any

parcel thereof, only by force of any such entail, and against all other

persons claiming the same or any parcel thereof, only to their use or ✓to

the use of any manner of heir of the bodies of them; any ambiguity

doubt or contrariosity of opinion, risen or .grown upon the said estatute

to the contrary notwithstanding. (1)

II. Provided alway, That this Act nor any thing therein contained ^ne kvied shall extend to bar or exclude the lawful entry tide or interest of any b7 , e, *

heir or heirs person or persons, heretofore given or hereafter to be given grown or accrued to them or any of them, in or to any manors lands tenements and hereditaments, by reason of any fine or fines heretofore yoi^ levied or hereafter to be levied by any woman after the death of her hus- u h. 7. c. 20-band, contrary to the form intent and effect of the statute made in the said eleventh year of the said King Henry the Seventh, of any manors lands tenements and hereditaments, of the inheritance or purchase of the said husband or of any his ancestors, given or assigned to any such woman in dower for term of life, or in tail in use or in possession, but that the same Act made in the said eleventh year of the] said late King Henry the Seventh shall stand remain and be in full strength and virtue in every article sentence and clause therein contained, in like manner and form as though this present Act had never been had ne made.

III. Provided also, That this Act ne any thing therein contained do A p*me levi#d extend to any fine or fines, at any time heretofore levied or hereafter to which

be levied, of any lordships manors lands tenements or other heredita- u restrained by

Parliament shall be void. Keilw. 210.

1) By virtue of this enactment and the preceding statute, 4 Henry VII. the fine of a party who is entitled to the premises as tenant in tail, ban the right of all who must necessarily convey their descent through the cognizor before they can make out their title to the estate -and the fine of tenant in tail in remainder, is equally a bar to the issue in tail, as' the fine of a tenant in tail in possession. So the possibility of an estate tail in the ancestor is sufficient to bar the issue, as where the issue in tail levied s fine in the life of his ancestor. See Archer’s case, 3 Rep. 90. The fine of a party who is heir in tail in possession, bars the collateral heirs claiming under the same descent, and who must necessarily claim through the cognizor, as if lands be given to die father and the heirs of his body, and the eldest son after the death of the father levies a fine, it is. a bar to the younger; hut a fine levied by the daughter being issue in tail, is no bar to a son afterwards bom; nor will a fine levied by issue in tail who dies in the life of the ancestor be a bar to the collateral issue. (Me. Williams* case. Hob. 332. . C. Sir Wm. Jones, by the name of Godfrey tu Wade.) See the above points more folly stated, with the authorities, in Mr. Cruise's Treatise on Fines, ch. 9.

Although a fine is not, like a recovery, a bar to the parties in remainder or reversion; yet if the party in remainder be collateral heir to die tenant in tail in possession levying the fine, he is bound by the warranty, which is always contained in the fine as the statute 4 & 5 Anne, c. 16. (ante Cfcaa L No. 23.) only makes void warranties by tenants for life, and collateral warranties by any

ancestor not having an estate of inheritance in possession.—See Cruise on Fines, ch. 9. $ 43.

The issue in tail are barred by a fine with proclamations, although the proclamations are not completed in the life of the cognizor, or at the time of bringing the fbnnedon by the issue. See

3 Rep. 84—90.

There is a material difference between the effect of a fine and a recovery by tenant in tail, with a reversion or remainder in fee to himself; for if a tenant in tail with reversion in fee to himself levy a. fine, the effect of that is to create a base fee, and that becomes merged in the other fee, and lets in all the incumbrances of the ancestor, which has frequently happened in practice from a person being ill advised to levy a fine instead of suffering a recovery. Per laird Kenyon, in Roe ex. detn. Crow v. Baldwere, 5 T. R. 109. Accordingly, in the Earl of Shelburne v. Biddulph,

4 Bro. P. C. 394. an estate was limited to the father for life, remainder to the sons successively in tail. Remainder to the father in fee. A, the first son, made a lease for three lives with covenant for perpetual renewal. A died without issue* and B, the second son, levied a fine, and the covenant was held to bind the fee.

So if tenant for life with remainder to his son in tail, and the reversion in fee in himself, be~ comes indebted by bond, or incumbers the estate in any other manner, if after the death of such tenant for life his son levies a fine, it will let m the reversion in foe, and make the estate HaUe to all his father's incumbrances. Kinastoa w. Ckcke* 2 Atk. 204. See Fines, ch. 12,

488

No. VIII.

32 H. VIII. c. 36.

A Fin# levied of Lands in Sait.

A Fine of Lands before recovered.

1 And. 16.

A fine of Lands whereof the Reversion Is in the King.

A Fine levied by one restrained by Act of Parliament. Dyer 32.

6 Co. 55.

Xfetet and Recoveries. [Fait II.

ments whatsoever they be, the poesesshmen and owners whereof, by reason of auy express words contained in any special Act or Acts of Parliament made or ordaioed since the said fourth year of the reign of the said late King Henry the Seventh, stand be bounden or restrained from making any alienations discontinuances or other alterations of any of the same lordships manors lands tenements or other hereditaments contained in the said fine or fines; but that all and every such fine and fines at any time heretofore levied or hereafter to be levied by any such person or persons or their heirs, of any such lordships manors lands tenements or other hereditaments, shall be of suen like force and strength in the law, and of none other effect than the same fine so levied or to be levied should have been if this present Act had never been had nor made; any thing therein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided also, That this Act nor any thing therein contained, shall extend to any fine or fines heretofore levied of any manors lands* tenements or hereditaments now in suit demand or v&nance in any of the King's courts, or whereof any charters evidences or muniments concerning the same be now in demand in the King's High Court of Chanr eery; nor to any fine or fines heretofore levied of any manors lands tenements or hereditaments, which before the first day of this present Parliament have been recovered. gotten or obtained by reason of any judgment entry decree arbitrement or other lawful means, contrary to the purport intent or effect of any such fine or fines thereof heretofore levied; nor to any fine or fines heretofore levied or hereafter to be levied by any person or persons of any manors lands tenements or hereditaments, before the time of the levying of the same fine given granted or assigned to the said person or persons so levying the same fine, or to any of his or their ancestors in tail, by virtue of any letters patents of our said Sovereign Lord or any of his progenitors, or by virtue of any Act or Actsol Parliament, the reversion whereof at the time of the same fine or fines so levied being in our said Sovereign Lord his heirs or successors; but that every such fine and fines shall be of like force strength and effect as they were or should have been if this Act had never been had nor made.

8 Co. 74. Bro. Aisur. 6. Brp. Fines, 121.

[No. IX.] 34 & 35 Henry VIII. c. 20.—An Act to

embar feigned Recovery of Lands wherein the King is in Reversion.* *

34 & 35 W^ERE divers of the King's most noble progenitors, and especially

u yii? no the King our Sovereign Lord most liberally al>ove all oilier, hath t given and granted or otherwise provided to his and their loving and

1 ne special < good, servants and subjects as well nobles as other, manors meases --- lands tenements rents services and hereditaments, to them and to their

Lands to certain heirs males of their bodies or to the heirs of their bodies lawfully be-Penons in Tail. gotten, minding at the time of such gifts not only to prefer and advance 1 Anders. 46, ' presently the donees, but also their heirs in blood of their bodies, ac-141, 171. 1 cording to the limitation of the said gifts; to the intent that recomHob. 299. pence For the service of such donees should not only be a benefit for

Moor, 195, pi. their own persons, but a continual profit and commodity to and for 344. < their heirs coming of their bodies, whereby such heirs should have in

See Bur. special memory and daily remembrance the profit that "they have and take by the service of their ancestors done to the kings of this realm, and thereby be the better encouraged to do like service to their Sove* See a foil Account of this sut. 1 lost. 372, b. re-enfeoffed; and per Yates, J. the Court will The statute only extends to estates granted as not stretch to enlarge the interpretation of a sta-a reward to services, and not to a grant of lands tute which prohibits the natural right of alienation enfeoffed to the King previous to his acccssion'to by tenant in tail.—Perkins r. Sewell, 4 Burr. 2223,

* He crown, to the intent that the same might be 1 BL Rep. 654.

Class X.]

Fines and Recoveries.

4 reign Lord, as to their duties of allegiance appertained). And fonts *

4 much as sundry such donees in tail and their heirs have suffered and daily suffer by their consents untrue and feigned recoveries to be liad against them with common voucher or otherwise, of manors meases lands tenements or hereditaments so given granted or provided in tail 1 by the King's Majesty or his noble progenitors, as is aforesaid, to the intent by fraud covin and untrue means, not only to bind and defeat

* their heirs inheritable by the limitation of such gifts, but also the King

* of his prerogative wardship primer seisin and other his rights; whereby questions and diversities ot opinions have risen, and yet be, whether such feigned and untrue recoveries against such tenants in tail by their own consents of lands tenements or hereditaments, whereof the reversion or remainder is in the King at the time of such recovery or recoveries had, should after the death of the tenant in tail bind the heirs in tail or not. ’

II. For plain declaration whereof, and to avoid and extinct from Moor 115, pi. henceforth diversities of opinions in such cases, be it ordained and 258. enacted by authority of this present Parliament, That no such feigned 2RalL 417. recovery hereafter to be had by assent of parties against any such tenant Co. Lit. 372, b. or tenants in tail of any lands tenements or hereditaments, whereof the Cm. EL 519, reversion or remainder at the time of such recovery had shall be in the 505* °7er 32.

King, shall bind or conclude the heirs in tail, whether any common 2 C°* *5» &2. voucher be had in any such feigned recovery or not, but that after the death of any such tenant in tail against whom any such recovery shall be r* 3

had, the heirs in tail may enter have and enjoy the lands tenements and *

hereditaments so recovered, according to the form of the gift of intail; the 50.

said recovery or any other thing or things hereafter to be nad done or suf- Br. Recover 31*. fered by or against any such tenant in tail to the contrary notwithstanding, Lit 33^ Neale ex demit. Due Athole r. Wilding in B. R. Patch. 23 G. 2. Vin. V. 18, 198.

III. And be it also further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That No recompence the heirs of every such tenant in tail against whom any such feigned in value against recovery shall be had, shall take no advantage for any recompence in the Voucher, value against the voucher nor his heirs.

IV. Provided alway, That this Act nor any thing therein contained The Lemee of be in any wise prejudicial or hurtful to the lessee or lessees of any such Tenant in Tail

v tenant in tail, made or to be made by writing indented of any manors shall enjoy his lands tenements or hereditaments, for term of twenty-one years three Term against lives or under, whereupon the accustomable rent or rents or more is or *he Heir of the shall be reserved yearly during the said term and terms; but the same Leaor* lessee and lessees shall and may have and enjoy his or iheir term and terms therein against the heir and heirs of every such tenant in tail, according to the tenor purport and effect of the statute made in the thirty-second year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord King Henry the 23 H. 8. c. 8. Eighth; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwith*-standing.

a

[No. X.] 34 & 35 Henry VIII. c. 22.—An Act that

Fines in Towns Corporate shall be made as the same have been in Times past.

4 INHERE in the Parliament holden in the thirty-second year of our 34 & 35 4 T most dread sovereign Lord King Henry the Eighth, it was H. VIII. c. 22. 4 enacted by authority of the said Parliament amongst other. That no fine 32 h. 8. c. 28.* 4 feoffment or other act or acts hereafter 'to be made suffered or done by the husband only, of manors lands tenements or hereditaments befog

* the inheritance or the freehold of his wife, during the coverture between

* them, shall in any wise be or make any discontinuance thereof, or be prejudicial or hurtful to the said wife or to her heirs, or to such as shall

* have right title or interest by the same by the death of such wife or

4 wives; but the same wife and her heirs, and such other to whom such

4 right shall appertain after her decease, shall and may then lawfully

400

No. IX.

34 & 35 Hen. VIII. e.22.

The force of

Recoveries, Deeds inrolled, and Releases acknowledged

by Women Covert, in certain Corporate

Towns.

18 Ed. 3. C. 29. 45 An. pL 8.

Fmes and Recoveries: [Part II.

enter into all such manors lands tenements and hereditaments according to their rights and titles therein; any such fine feoffment or other act to the contrary notwithstanding. Sithence the making of which 1 Act divers doubt9 questions and ambiguities have arisen, that is to say, whether the recoveries and deeds inrolled, which be in nature of fine, and whereupon women covert have been used to be examined taken had or acknowledged, as well within the city of London as in many other cities boroughs and towns within the realm of England, 4 should bind all such women covert that should happen to be examined upon the same recoveries and deeds inrolled :* In avoiding therefore of all such ambiguities and doubts, be it enacted by the King our Sovereign Lord, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by authority of the same, That all recoveries deeds inrolled and releases heretofore acknowledged and taken, or at any time hereafter to be taken and acknowledged before the mayors aldermen recorders chamberlains or other head officer or officers as well of the city of London as of any other city borough or town corporate within the realm of England, having power and authority to take ana receive the same, according to the laudable usages and customs of the said cities boroughs and towns and every of them, shall stand and remain of like force strength and effect to all intents and purposes as they or any of them were before the making of the said Act in the said thirty-second year of our said Sovereign Lord; any thing in the same contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. (1)

(1) In error te reverse a fine levied before the not by what authority it was levied; for it is in bailiffs of Shrewsbury, it was objected that it did derogation of the crown, and the profits of the not appear that they had any authority to take crown. Waring v. White, Cro. Eliz. 314. and fines, and that they could not have it by prescrip- see 1 Leon. 188. . P. Fines in inferior courts don, or by general words in the King’s grant, have only the operation of fines at common lawt And per curiam the fine is void; for it appeareth and do not bar the issue in taiL Coos. Rep. 624.

[No. XI.] 34 & 35 Henry VIII. c. 26.—An Act for certain Ordinances in the King's Dominion and Principality of Wales.

34 & 35 XL. ITEM, that recoveries and fines of record, and warrants of attorney

H. VIIL c. 26. for the same, shall and may be taken before every of the said

Recoveries justices, of lands tenements and hereditaments within his authority, by Fmes Concords, force of his general commission, without any writ of dedimus potestatem to &c. taken be- be sued for the same in like manner and form as is used to be taken fore the Jus- before the King’s chief justice of his common place in England. dees.

[No. XII.] 37 Henry VIII. c. 19.—The Bill for Fines in County Palatines.

37 Hen. VIII. Tj^ORASMUCH as divers good and beneficial statutes for the commo-c. 19. A dity of the King’s subjects within this realm, have heretofore been

1 RnIL 305. made by authority of Parliament, concerning the levying of fines with 33 H. 6. c. 2. 1 proclamation, both for avoiding of strife and also for the surety of the

4 King’s subjects, to be had of and in lands tenements and hereditaments by them purchased or obtained; which good and beneficial statutes do not extend to fines levied in the county palatine of Lancaster-F es levied in I1, Be there^orc ordained and enacted by the King our Sovereign Lancaster are of ^°r(^ ^d the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this like force as present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same Parlia-Fmes acknow- ment> ^at ah and singular fines which at any time hereafter shall be ’edged before the Justices of the Common Pleas.

Class X.l Fines and Recoveries.

levied or knowledged before the justices of our Sovereign Lord the King or of his heirs or successors of the county palatine of Lancaster, commonly called justices of assise at Lancaster or before one of them, of any lands tenements or other hereditaments lying or being within the county palatine of Lancaster, which shall be openly read and proclaimed three several days in the open sessions in the presence of the justices of assise at Lancaster, or of one of them for the time being, at the same sessions, that the same fines shall fortune to be ingrossed, and also that shall be openly read and proclaimed in the presence of the justices of assise at Lancaster, or of one of them for the time being, at the two next general sessions that shall be holden in the said county palatine of Lancaster before the justices of the same county, commonly called justices of assise at Lancaster, or before one of them, next after the levying or ingrossing of such said fine, at three several days in either of the said two sessions, after such manner and form as is commonly used in the King’s court of his common place at Westminster, shall be of like force* strength and effect in the law, to all intents constructions and purposes, as fines being duly levied with proclamations before the King’s justices of his common place be or ought to be of.

[No. XIII.] 2 & 3 Edward VI. c. 28.—For Fines with Proclamation in the County Palatine of Chester.

TN humble wise shewn unto your excellent Majesty, your true and 2 & 3 Ed. VI.* faithful subjects and liege men, the inhabitants of your grace’s county, c. 28.

* palatine of Chester, That whereas heretofore by authority of Parlia- The pOTce of

ment divers necessary and beneficial statutes have been made for and pine levied of

* concerning the levying of fines with proclamation, which are not only Land* in Che* necessary for the preservation of quietness and concord amongst your shire before the loving subjects, and for the avoiding of strife and contention, nut also High Justice of for the great and perfect assurance of all such persons to whom any Chester, or the

* such fines are levied of any lands tenements and hereditaments; which Deputy or said beneficial and necessary statutes do not extend to any fines to be lieutenant.

levied within your ' said county palatine of Chester :* In tender con- 34 & 35 H. 8. sidcration whereof, pieaseth it your most excellent Majesty, that it may c* 13‘ be enacted by your Highness, and the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and singular fines, which at any time hereafter shall Extended to be levied or acknowledged before the high justice of our Sovereign Lord Lands &c. with-the King or of his heirs and successors of his county palatine of Chester in the County for the Sine being, or before the deputy or lieutenant justice there for the of the City of time being, of any lands tenements or other hereditaments lying or being Chester, within the said county palatine of Chester, which shall be openly read and 43 Elis. c. 15, proclaimed three several days in the open sessions in the presence of the § 3* justice of the said county palatine of Chester for the time being, or before . the deputy or lieutenant justice there, at the same sessions that the same fine shall fortune to be ingrossed, and also that shall be openly read and The force of proclaimed in the presence of the justice of the said county palatine of Fines levied Chester, or befure the deputy or lieutenant justice there for the time being, before the High at the two next general sessions that shall be holden in the said county Justice of Ches-palatine of Chester before the justice of the said county palatine, or before ter of Lands in the deputy or lieutenant justice there, next after the levying and engross- Cheshire, ing of such said fine, at three several days in either of the said two sessions, after such manner and form as is commonly used in the King’s court of common pleas at Westminster, shall be of like force strength and effect in the law, to all intents constructions and purposes, as fines being duly levied with proclamations before the King’s justices of his common pleas be or ought to be of.

Fine* and Recoveries.

482

[Part II.

No. XIV. 1 Mary,

at. 2. c. 7 *

[No. XIV. } 1 Mary, st. 2. c. 7.—An Act touching Proclamations upon Fines.

WHEREAS upon fines levied with proclamations doubts have of late (T arisen, by reason of adjournment of* terms, in which proclamations should have been made according to the form limited for proclamations upon fines by the statute made in the fourth year of King Hevar the Seventh, and were not by reason of such adjournments had ne made, according to the purvey of the same estatute II. Be it therefore enacted. That all hoes as well heretofore levied as hereafter to be levied before the justices of the common place, of any manors lands tenements or other hereditaments whereupon the proclamations have not or shall not, by reason of adjournment or any term by writ be duly made, shall be of as good force effect and strength to all intents constructions and purposes, as if any term heretofore so adjourned, or that be not made by at time hereafter shall be so adjourned, had been holdeu and kept - - 7 from the beginning to the end thereof not adjourned, and proclamations therein made according to the form and effect of the said statute.

1 Mary, st. 2.

c. 7.

Fines levied before the Justices of the Common Pleas shall be of force

reason of adjournments.

4 H. 7. c. 24.18Ed. 1.st. 4. 27 Ed. I.tt. l. c. 1. 15 Ed. 2.

Certain Fmes to which this Statute shall not extend. Dyer, 186.

III. Provided always, That this Act shall not in any wise extend to any fine heretofore levied of any manors lands tenements or hereditaments now in suit demand or variance in any of the Queen's courts, or whereof any charters evidences or minuments concerning the same be now in demand in the Queen's High Court of Chancery; nor to any fine or fines heretofore levied of any manors lands tenements or hereditaments which before the first day of this present Parliament have been recovered gotten or obtained by reason of any judgment entry decree arbitrament or other lawful means, contrary to the purport intent or effect of any such fine or fines thereof heretofore levied.

5 Elia. c. 27.

Fines levied before the Justices of Assize at Durham.

[No. XV.] 5 Elizabeth, c. 27.—An Act touching Fines to be levied in the County Palatine of Durham.

4 TN most humble wise shewen unto your most excellent Majesty, your 4 A true and faithful subjects and liegemen the inhabitants of the county palatine of Durham, That whereas T>y authority of Parliament divers necessary and beneficial statutes have been made for and concerning the levying of fiues with proclamation, which are not only necessary for the preservation of quietness and concord amongst your loving subjects, and for the avoiding strife and contention, but suso for the great and perfect assurance of all such persons to whom such fines are levied of any lands tenements or hereditaments; which said beneficial and necessary estatutes do not extend to any fines to be levied within the said county palatine of DurhamIn tender consideration whereof pleaseth it your most excellent Majesty, That it may be enacted by your Highness and the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and singular fines which at any time hereafter shall be levied or knowledged before the justice or justices of the county palatine of Durham for the time being, authorised ‘fur that purpose and cause, of any lands tenements or other hereditaments lying or being within the said county palatine of Durham, which shall be openly read and proclaimed two several days in the open sessions in the presence of the justices of assise at Durham, or one of them for the time being, at the same sessions that the same fine shall fortune to be ingrossed; and also that shall he openly read and proclaimed in the presence of the justices of assise at Durham, or one of them for the time being, at the two next general sessions that shall be holden in the county palatine of Dar-ham before the justices of the same county, commonly called justices of assises at Durham, or one of them, next alter the levying or ingrossing of such said fine; shall be of like and of the same force strength and effect in the law, to all intents construstions and purposes, as fines being duly levied with proclamations before the Queen's justices of her common pleas at Westminster be or ought to be.

Class X.] J\ne» and Recoveries. 433

[No. XVI.] 14 Elizabeth, c. 8.—An Act for the Avoid- No. XVI.

ing of Recoveries suffered by Collusion by Tenants for 14 JSliz. Term of Life, and such others. c. 8.

4 'TO'IIERE divers persons being seised or that have been seised of lands tenements and hereditaments as tenants by the courtesy I. c *

1 of England, tenants in tail after possibility of issue extinct or otherwise, A Recovery lud only for term of life or lives or of estates determinable upon life or lives, ty the Assent have heretofore permitted and suffered other persons by agreement or fart *

4 covin between them had, to recover the same lands and tenements and ""0* Tenant other hereditaments against the same particular tenants in the Queen*s 4 Majesty’s court, or have permitted and suffered themselves lobe vouched by other persons, by agreement or covin between them had, in reco- ?taR^vw 4 yeries suffered of the same lands tenements and other hereditaments

4 in the Queen’s Majesty's court, to the great prejudice of those to ghill

4 whom the reversion nr remainder thereof hath appertained or ought to be void, and thn appertainStatute of 32 H. 8. c. 31. repealed. Co. Entr. 655, 670. 2 Leon. 60, 63.

II. For remedy whereof be it enacted by the Queen’s most excellent Recoveries

Majesty, with the assent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the against Tenant* Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by authority of for fife, Ax. by the same, That all such recoveries hereafter to be had or prosecuted by c<"in shaR ho agreement of the parties, or by covin as is aforesaid, against any suen

particular tenant of any lands tenements or hereditaments, whereof the 16 ^’• same particular tenant is or hereafter shall be seised of any such parti- Cioa. 562* ctilar estate as is aforesaid, or against any other with voucher over of any

such particular tenant, or of any having or that had right or title to any such particular estate or tenancy as is aforesaid, shall from henceforth, as against such person or persons to whom any reversion or remainder thereof by force of any conveyance or device before that time had or made shall ought or lawfully may appertain, and against their heirs and successors, he clearly ana utterly void and of none effect; (t) any law or usage heretofore had to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided alway, That this Act nor any thing therein contained Recovery by shall extend or be prejudicial to any person or persons that shall hereafter good Title, by good title recover any lands tenements or hereditaments without fraud

or covin, by reason of any former right or title: but that all and every such recovery and recoveries so to be had or prosecuted upon former rights or titles, shall stand and be in like force strength and effect as they were before the making of this Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided also, That all ana every such recovery and recoveries to A Recovery by be had or prosecuted of any lands tenements or hereditaments as afore- *he Anent of said, by the assent and agreement of any person or persons to whom any him in the Rereversion or remainder thereof then shall or ought to appertain (so that the vel?1?1 or Re" same assent and agreement do appear of record in any court of our Sove- ""5"* reign lady the Queen’s Majesty ner heirs or successors) shall stand and be 1

in like force strength and of like effect against such person and persons that shall so assent and agree their heirs and successors, as they were before the making of this Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That one Act A Repeal of the made in the two and thirtieth year of our late Sovereign Lord King Statute of Henry the Eighth, entituled An Act for the avoiding of Recoveries by 32 H. 8. c. 31. Collusion by Tenants for Term of Life, shall be from the first day of July touching Re-next ensiling repealed, and shall no longer stand in force. Co. Lit. coverie*.

356. a. 362, a.

(1) A being seised in remainder during the of C, to make him tenant to the praecipe, and* life of B and C and the survivors, in trust to recovery is suffered against A, The contingent preserve contingent remainders, takes an estate remainders are saved by this Statute, x cBbughto» ih possession to him and his heirs during the life v. Sandilandj, 3 Taunt. 373.0


434 Fine* and Recoveries. [Part II.

No. xm

23 Elis.

c. 3.

23 EHk. c. 3.

Motaent of Fmtt tad Recorerie*.

18 Ed. I. st. 4. 27 Ed. Mat. 1. c.].

15 Ed. 2.

34 Ed. 3. c. 16. 5H.4.C, 14.

1 R.3.C. 7.

4 H. 7. c. 24. 32 H. 8. c. 36. 1 Mar* Scat. 2. c. 7.

The Validity of the Imrol-ment.

For what Erron Fines and Recoveries are not revenable. Ven.V. 13, 211. V. 18, 198. Wood, Pl 1.-530 and 595.

What Persons may have Writs of Error to reverse Fines or Recoveries, and in what cases.

[No. XVII.] 93 Elizabeth, c. 3.—An Act for the Reformation of Errors in Fines and Recoveries.

JjH)R the appeasing of suits, the avoiding of false practices deceits devices ana misdemeanours, and for helping of negligences and misprisions of clerks and officers, dangerous to assurances of men's lands and hereditaments; Be it enacted by the Queen's most excellent Majesty our Sovereign Lady, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every writ of covenant and other writ, whereupon any fine heretofore hath been levied or hereafter shall he levied, the return thereof, the writ of dedimus potest a tem made for the knowledging of any of the same fines, the return thereof, the concord note and foot of every such fine, Use proclamations made thereupon, and the King's silver, and also every original writ of entry in the post or other writ, whereupon any common recovery hath been suffered or hereafter shall be suffered or passed, the writs of summon ad warrantizandum, the returns of the said originals and writs of summon ad warrantizandum, and every warrant of attorney had or to be had, as well of every demandant and tenant as vouchee, extant and remaining or that shall he extant and in being, may upon the request or election of any person be inroiled in rolls of parchment by such persons and for such considerations as hereafter in this Act shall be mentioned; and that the iurolments of the same, or of any part thereof, shall be of as good force and validity in law, to all intents respects and purposes, for so much of any of them so inroiled, as the same being extant and remaining were or ought by law to be.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no fine proclamations upon fines or common recovery heretofore had levied suffered or passed, or hereafter to he had levied suffered or passed, shall be reversed or leversable by any writ of error for false or inconznie Latin rasure interlining mis-entriqg of any warrant of attorney, or of any proclamation mis-returning or not-returning of the sheriff, or other want of form in words and not in matter of substance.

III. Provided always, That this Act, nor any thing therein contained, shall bar or exclude any person or persons from any writ of error which shall be had taken or pursued within five years next after the end of the session of this present Parliament, upon any fii*e or recovery heretofore had or suffered, nor from any writ of error which shall be had taken or pursued upon any fine or recovery heretofore levied knowlcdged or had, which fine or fines recovery or recoveries, or any part or parcr I of them or any of them, now is, or at any time before the first day of June which shall oe in the year of our Lord God one thousand five hundred eighty-two, shall be exemplified under the Great Seal of England, at and by the suit of any person that is or may be intituled to have or sue any writ of error upon any the fines or recoveries heretofore passed: Nor to bar any feme covert, or any person within the age of one and twenty years, or any person that i- non compos mentis, in prison or beyond the seas, of or from any writ of error to he had or prosecuted for the reversing of any fine or recovery heretofore passed levied or suffered, so that such feme covert or her heirs within seven years next after that she become sole, and such person within the age of one and twenty years or his heirs within seven years next after he shall come and he of full age of one and twenty years, and such person that is non compos mentis within seven years next after he shall become of sane memory, and in default thereof the heirs of such person that is non compos mentis, within seven years next after the death of such person being non compos menlts, and such person in prison or his heirs within seven years next after the same person shall be at liberty, and such person beyond the seas or h»9 heirs within seven years next after the return of such

0 By statute 10 & II W HI. c. 4, (post Part Iv. Title Errok,) writs of error, for fines and recoveries, must be brought within twenty Yean after the fine levied or recovery suffered, ith^the exception in case of infancy, &c. In

Lloyd v. Vaughan, '2 Str. 1237, k was held, that a writ of error, after twenty years from levying the fine, &c. is too late, although brought within that time after the title accruedT^i

Class X.]

-Www mid iiorovflnlii

person into this realm of England, or the death of the said person, if he No. XVEL shall before his return die in any foreign country, shall sue take and prose- 'Ella, onte their writs of error, as their cases severally shall require, for reversing of any the said fines or recoveries heretofore passed levied or suffered. c *

IV. Provided always and be it further enacted by the authority afore- v

said, That if any person or persons shall within the time and years afore Remedy for

mentioned commence or sue his or their writs of error for the reversing "je *eur where

of any the said fines or recoveries heretofore passed, which suit shall Anc?j*°r

fortune to abate by the death of any the parties to the same; That then it |£7suit *

shall and tnay be lawful for his and their heirs, at any time within one

year next after the said seven years expired, to have sue and take their

writ of error for the reversing of every such fine and recovery:And if

such heir be an infant within the age of one and twenty years, then within

one year next after the full age of such infant; any thing in this present

Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority of this present Parlia- The Day and ment. That every person that shall at any time hereafter take the know- Year shall be ledge of any fine or warrant of attorney of any tenant or vouchee for certified at the suffering of any common recovery, or shall certify them or any of them, knowledge of a shall, with the certificate of the concord or warrant of attorney, certify Fine or War-also the day and year wherein the same was knowledged:And that no- nmt of Attor-person that taketh any such knowledge of any fine or warrant for any reco- ncY fOT die suf-very, shall be bounden or by any means inforced to certify any such know- fering of a Re-ledge or warrant, except it be within one year next after the said knowledge covei7* taken:And that no clerk or officer shall receive any writ of covenant or

writ of entry, whereupon any fine or common recovery is hereafter to pass, unless the day of the knowledge of the same fine and warrant shall appear in or by such certificate; upon pain that every clerk that shall receive any such writ shall forfeit for every time that he shall so offend the sum of five pounds: And that no attornment in or upon any fine be Attornment entered upon record, except the party mentioned to attorn therein first Upon a Fine, have appeared in the court m person or by attorney warranted by the hand of one of the justices of the one bench or the other, or of one justice of assize, upon a writ of Quid Juris clnmal, Quern Reditum reddti, or Per qua servitia, as the case requireth: And that every entry of attornment hereafter to be made, where there shall be no appearance as afore is said, shall be utterly void and of none effect, without any writ of error or other means to be used for the avoiding thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there The Office c€ shall be for ever one office for the inrolment aforesaid, which shall be and Inrohnem* of continue an office for ever, called the Office of Inrolment of Writs for Fines Writs for Fines and Recoveries: And that the justices of the common pleas for the time and Recoveries, being (other than the chief justice) shall have and take the care and

charge of and for the inrolments aforesaid, and shall have and enjoy the said office and the disposition thereof, and carefully see and look to the execution thereof: And in consideration of their charges pain and travel therein shall have and take the sums of money hereafter following, and no more; that is to say, for the inrolment and examination of every fine and the parts therof before mentioned, the sum of six shillings eight f

pence: And for the inrolment of the said parts of every recovery and the je Feiw examination thereof, six shillings eight pence: And for every exemplifiestionof the inrolment of any fine five shillings: And for the exemplification C(JvenCgm and returns of every writ of entry summons ad vxirrantizands and warrants five shillings: And for the search of the rolls of one year four Bence: And for the copy of one sheet of paper containing fourteen lines, four pence:And that the said justices or one of them shall examine the inrolments of every such fine anti parrs of recoveries, and forthwith after examination thereof, and immediately after the inrolment of every such fine and parts of recoveries, write his name that so ex&mineth with his own tjjC justices hand in the roll thereof; upon pain that the said justices shall forfeit to may aaeew our Sovereign Lady the Queen's Majesty the sum of five pounds tor Fine* for Mis* every time that they or some or one of them shall make default of such prison Con-examination or writing of his or their name as afore is said: Arid that it tempt and Negr shall and may be lawful to and for the justices of the said Court of Com- ligence.

* F 9

436No. XVII.

23 Eliz.

c. 3.

A Table containing the Contents of every Fine shall be set up in the Common Pleas, and at every Ames.

The Chirograph en’s Fee for writing the content of a Fine.

The Earl of Kent’s Title.

The Records not be car-forth of Office *

Fine* and Recoveries. [Part II'.moil Pleas from time to time to take order in all things that shall be convenient and needful for the inrolments aforesaid, and upon examination in the said court, to assess such fine or amerciament upon any clerk sheriff deputy attorney and other person, for his and their misprision contempt and negligence for not doing or misdoing in any thing of in or concerning the said fines and recoveries, or arty part of them or either of them, as by the said justices of the said Court of Common Pleas for the /time being shall be thought meet and convenient: The said fine and amerciament to be estreated amongst other fines and amerciaments of that court where such offence or misprision shall be committed.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority of this present Parliament, That the chirographer of fines of the Common Pleas for the time being for ever shall write and make, or cause to be written and made, for every county where her Majesty’s writ runneth, one table, wherein shall be contained such contents of every fine that shall pass in any one term as hereafter is mentioned; that is to say, the name of the county wherein the tenements mentioned in any fine be, the name of every plaintiff and deforciant, and of every manor named in the fine, if any such be, and of nhe towns and places where the tenements in such fine comprised do lie: And the first day of the next term after the ingrossing of every such fine shall fix every of the said tables upon some open place in the Court of Common Pleas, and so every day of the said term, during the time of sitting of the said Court: And that the said chirographer shall deliver to every sheriff of every county, his under-sheriff or deputy, fair written in parchment, a perfect content of the table so to be made for that shire, in the term that shall next before the assizes be holden in the said county, or else meane between that term and the said assizes; And that every such sheriff to whom such parchments with the contents aforesaid shall be delivered, the first day of the next assizes after the delivery thereof unto him, and every day during the said assizes, shall fix and set up the same writing undefaced, in some open place in the court where the justices of the assize of that county shall sit, and shall see the same to continue there during such time as the said justices shall sit there in court; upon pain that every chirographer and sheriff offending against any thing in this Act contained shall forfeit to our Sovereign Lady the Queen’s Majesty the sum of five pounds, the one moiety whereof shall be to the Queen’s Majesty her heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them that will sue for the same in any Court of Record, wherein no essoin protection or wager of law shall be allowed: and that the chirographer for the rime being shall have and take for every such content of every fine o set down in the table aforesaid, four pence.

* VIII. And forasmuch as upon great examination it appeareth, that divers fines and recoveries have been heretofore levied and suffered of divers manors messuages lands tenements and hereditaments, which

* sometime were the inheritance of George sometime Earl of Kent, greatgrandfather to Henry now Earl of Kent, in use possession reversion or

* remainder, whereunto the said now Earl of Kent pretepdeth title in use € possession reversion or remainder, which, if they be erroneous as is pretended, do much vary from the general cause and mischief for which 1 this statute meaneth to provide* Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That neither this statute nor any thing therein contained shall extend to take away any writ of error wherennto any person or persons is now or hereafter shall be lawfully intituled, for the reversing of the said fines and recoveries or any of them heretofore levied or suffered of any of the said manors messuages lands tenements or hereditaments, which late were any part or parcel of the inheritance of the said George sometime Earl of Kent, in use possession reversion or remainder; any thing in this statute contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IX. Provided always and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the justices’ clerks, authorised by their warrant, in the said several offices and places where the same records or any of them do or shall remain, to write out or inroll the same records and every part thereof without any thing to be paid therefore: And that the said records

Class X.]

Fines and Recoveries.

•nor any of them, for the writing out or making the Rolls thereof by the clerks of the said justices, otherwise than for the examination thereof by the justices, shall be brought or carried forth of the said offices orplaces.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, I’ha't none of the fines or recoveries heretofore levied passed or suffered, which shall be exemplified under the Great Seal according to the form of this Act, shall after such exemplification had, be in any wise amended. [See 27 El. c.9. as to Fines, 4*c. m Wales.]

[No. XVIII.] 27 Elizabeth, c. 9.—An Act for Reformation of Errors in Fines and Recoveries in the twelve Shires of Wales, and Counties Palatine, and for Exemplification of Fines and Recoveries generally.

TlfWHEREAS in the Parliament by prorogation holden at Westminster

* in the three and twentieth year of her Majesty’s reign that now is,

4 one good and beneficial statute was made and ordained tor the appeasing of suits, the avoiding of false practices deceits devices and misde* meanors, and for helping of negligences and misprisions of clerks and

* officers, dangerous to assurances of men’s lauds and hereditaments, iu* tituled An Act for the Refot motion of Errors in Fines and Recoveries

1 Forasmuch as the said statute or sundry good and necessary clauses and

* parts thereof doth not extend to fines and recoveries levied had and

* suffered in the twelve shires of Wales, that is to say, Glamorgan Brccknock Radnor Carmarthen Pembroke Cardigan Montgomery Denbigh Flint Caernarvon Anglesey and Merioneth, the town and county of 1 Havcrford-iVest, and the counties palatine of Chester Lancaster and

* Duresm Be it enacted by our Sovereign Lady the Queen's most excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every writ of covenant and other writ whereupon any fine heretofore hath been levied or hereafter shall be levied, the return thereof, the writ of dedimus potcstalem made for the acknowledging of any of the same fines, the return thereof, the concord note and foot of every such fine, the proclamations made thereupon, and the King’s silver, and also every original writ of entry in the post or other writ whereupon any common recovery hath been suffered or hereafter shall be suffered or passed, the writs of summon, ad warrantizandum, the returns of the said originals and writs of summon, ad umrrantizandum, and every warrant of attorney had or to be had as well of every demandant and tenant as vouchee extant and remaining, or that shall be extant and in being, in the courts of assizes or great sessions within the said twelve shires of Wales, town and-county of Haver ford- West, and countie^ palatines, or in the custody of the officers to whom the charge of keeping thereof doth appertain, may upon the request or election of any person or persons be iorolled in rolls ot parchment by such persons ana for such considerations as hereafter in this Act shall be mentioned; And that the inrolments of the same or any part thereof shall be of as good force and validity in the law, to all intents respects and purposes, for so much of any of them so inrolled as the same being extant and remaining were or ought by law to be.

II. Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no fine proclamations upon fines or common recovery heretofore had levied suffered or passed, or hereaf ter to be had levied suffered or passed, in any of the said twelve shires of Wales, town and county of Haver ford-West, or counties palatine, shall be reversed or reversible* by any writ of errof for false or incongrue Latin rasure interlining mis-entring of any warrant of attorney, or of any proclamation mis-returning or not returning of the sheriff, or other want of form in words and not in matter of substance.

III. Provided alway3, That neither this Act nor any thing therein contained shall bar or exclude any person or persons from any writ of error which shall be had taken or pursued within five years next after the end of this session of this present Parliament, upon a fine otA) covery heretofore had or suffered in any of the courts aforesaid, nor from

No Amendment of Fines, &c. after exemplification

27 Elis. c. 9. 23 Eliz. c. 3.

Inrolment of Fines and Recoveries in Wales, and the Counties Palatine.

For what Errors Fanes and Recoveries are reversable.

In what Cases and what Persona may have Writs of Error to revene Fines or Recoveries.

488

No. XVIII. ??Eliz. c. 9.

A remedy for the Heir where the Ancestor dieth pending the Suit.

The Day and Year of the Imovkdndfi Oise or War-Mat of Attor- . yiey far a Recovery shall be certified.

Mm t-and Recoveries. (Tart fi.

any writ of error which shall be had taken or pursued upon any fine or recovery heretofore levied acknowledged or bad in any of the said courts aforesaid, within any of the said twelve shires of Walt* or town and county of Haverford- West. Which fine or recovery, or any part or parcel thereof, now is or at any time before the first day of June which shall be in the year of our Lord God one thousand five hundred eighty-five, shall be exemplified under the judicial seal of the said courts, at or fiy the suit of any person that is or may be intituled to have or sue any writ of error upon any the same fines or recoveries so heretofore passed; nor from aqy writ of error which shall be had taken or pursued upon any fine or recovery heretofore levied acknowledged or had in any of the courts aforesaid, within any of the said counties palatine: which fine or recovery or any part or parcel thereof, now is or at any rime before the said first day of June which shall be in the year of our Lord God one thousand five hundred eighty-five, shall be exemplified under the seal of the same county palatine where the same fine or recovery shall be so levied knowledge*! or had, at or by the suit of any person that is or may be intitled to have or sue any writ of error upon the same fine or recovery so heretofore passed:nor to bar any feme covert, or any person within the age of one and twenty years, or any person that is non compos mentis in prison or beyond the seas, or of or from any writ of error to be had or prosecuted for the reversing of any fine or recovery heretofore passed levied or suffered in any of the said twelve shires of Wales, town and county of Haverford- West, or counties palatine: So that such feme covert or her heirs within seven years next after that she become sole, and such person within the age of one and twenty years or his heirs within seven years next after he shall come and tie of full age of one and twenty years, and such person that is fion compos mentis within seven years next after he shall become of sana memories, and in default thereof the heirs of such person that is non compos mentis within seven years next after the death of any such person being non compos mentis, and such person in prison or his heirs within seven years next after the same person shall be at liberty, and such person beyond the seas or his heirs within seveu years next after the return of such person into this realm of England, or the death of the said person if he shall before his return die in any foreign country, shall sue take and prosecute their writs of error, as their causes shall severally require, for reversing of any of the said fines or recoveries heretofore passed levied or suffered.

IV. Provided always and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall within the time and years aforesaid commence or sue his or their writs of error for the reversing of any the said fines or recoveries heretofore passed, which suit shall fortune to abate by the death of any of the parties to die same: that then it shall and may be lawful for his and their heirs, at any time within one year next after the said Reven years expired, to have sue and take their writ of error for the reversing of every such fine and recovery; and if such heir bean infant within the age of one and twenty years, then within one one year next after the full age of such infant; any thing in this present Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

• V. And be it further enacted by the authority of this present Parliament, That every person that shall at anytime hereafter take the knowledge Of any fine or warrant of attorney of any tenant or vouchee for suffering any common recovery to be levied knowledged passed or had within any of the said twelve shires of Wales, town and country of Haverford- Welt, or counties palatine, or shall certify them or any of them, shall with the certificate of the concord or warrant of attorney certify also the day and year wherein the same was acknowledged: And that no person that taketh any such knowledge of any such fine or warrant for any recovery shall be bound or by any means in forced to certify any such knowledge or warrant, except it be within one year next after the said knowledge taken.

VI. And that no clerk or officer in any of the said twelve shires of Wales, town and county of Haverford-West or counties palatine, shall receive any writ of covenant or writ of entry, or any other writ whereupon any fine or common recovery is hereafter to pass, unless the day of

Class X.] Fines and Recoveries.

the knowledge of the some fine and warrant shall appear in or by such certificate; upon pain that every clerk that shall receive any such writ, shall forfeit for every time that he shall so offend the sum of forty shillings:And that no attornment in or upon any such fine in any of the courts aforesaid be entered upon record, except the party mentioned to attorn therein first have appeared in the court in person, or by attorney warranted by the hands of one of the justices of the same court, upon a writ of Quid Juris Clamat, Quern redditvm redd, or Per qua servitia, as the cause requireth: And that every entry of attornment hereafter to be made in any of the courts aforesaid, wherein there shall be no appearance as aforesaid, shall be utterly void and of none effect, without any writ of error or other means to be used for avoiding thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be for ever an office for the inrolments aforesaid in every of the said twelve shires of Wales, town and county of Haoerford- West, and Counties palatine, which shall be and continue an office for ever, called the Office of the Inrolments of Fines and Recoveries; and that the justices of the said twelve shires of Wales, town and county of HaveifordrWest, and counties palatine for the time being, that is to wit, every of them within the limits and precincts of their several authorities and commissions, shall have and take the care and charge of and for the inrolments aforesaid, and shall have and enjoy the said office and the disposition thereof, and carefully see and look to the execution thereof; and in consideration of their charges pain and travel therein, shall have and take the sums of money hereafter following and no more, that is to say, For the inrolment and examination of every fine and the parts thereof, five shillings; and for the inrolment and examination of every recovery and the parts thereof, five shillings; and for every exemplification of the inrolment of every fine and the parts thereof, three shillings four-pence; and for every exemplification of the inrolment of every recovery and the parts thereof, three shillings four pence; and for the search of the rolls for one year, four pence; and for the copy of one sheet of paper containing fourteen lines, four pence: And that the justices of the said courts of assizes or great sessions for the time being within the said twelve shires of Wales, town and county of Haverford-West, and counties palatine, or anyone of them, within the several limits and precincts of their said several commissions, shall examine theinrolment of every such fine and recovery and of the parts thereof; and after such examination of the inrolment of every such fine and recovery and of the parts thereof, shall immediately write bis name that so examineth, with his own hand, in the roll thereof, upon pain that the said justices shall forfeit to our Sovereign Lady the Queen’s Majesty the sum of forty shillings for every time that they or one of them shall make default of such examination or writing of his or their name as is aforesaid; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said justices or any of them for the time being, to take order in all things that shall be convenient and needful for the inrolments aforesaid; and upon examination in the said courts, to assess such fine or amerciament upon any clerk sheriff deputy attorney or any other person for his and their misprision contempt and negligence, for not doing or mis-doing in any thing, of in or concerning the said fines or recoveries, or any part of them or either of them, as by the said justices for the time being or any one of them shall be thought meet ana convenient:The said fine and amerciament to be estreated amongst other fines nod amerciaments of that court where such offence or misprision shall be committed.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the exemplification of any such inrolment of any fine or recovery, or of any part thereof, within any of the said twelve shires of Wales or the said town and county of Raverford~ West, under the judicial seal of the said shire town or county where such fine or recovery was levied had or passed, and the exemplification of any such inrolment of any fine or recovery, or of any part thereof, within any of the said counties palatine, under the seal of mat county palatine where such fine or recovery was levied had or passed, shall be of as good force.and validity in the law, to all intents respects and purposes, for such part and so much of any of

4»

No. XVIIL

* 7Elix. e. 9.

The Office si Inrolments.

Fees foe Iarotr

meats and Exemplifications of Fines and He*. coy cries.

Assessing of Fines for Misprision Contempt or Uigfr gence.

The Exemplification of as good force as the original Record.

' 440 Fines and jRecoveries. [Part II.

No. XVIII. them as shall he so exemplified, as the very original record itself, being £7 Eliz extant and remaining, were or ought by law to be.

* q IX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That _ _ it shall be lawful for the justices' clerks, authorised by their warrant in the said several offices and places where the same records or any of them do Records shall or shall remain, to write out or inrol the same records and every part

not be carried thereof, and that the said records nor any of them, for the writing out or '

forth of the making the rolls thereof by the clerks of the said justices, shall be brought

Offices. or earned forth of the said offices or places.

No Fine or Re- X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That none o corery shall be the said fines or recoveries aforesaid, heretofore levied passed or suffered, amended after which shall be exemplified under any judicial seal of any of the said shires exemplification, of Wales, or town or county of Haverford- West, or under the seal of any of the said counties palatine, according to the form of this Act, shall after such exemplifications had be in any wise "amended.

[No. XIX.] 31 Elizabeth, c. 2.—An Act for abridging of Proclamations upon Fines to be levied at the Common Law.

31 Elix. c. 2.

A Fine levied in the Common Pleas dull be proclaimed four times, vis. every Term once, for four Terms.

4 YtfUEREAS the statute made in the fourth year of King Hekry the (Seventh hath ordered, That every fine to be levied with Procla* xnations in the King's court, afore his Justices of the Common Pleas, c should be proclaims in the same court that term in which it is engrossed, and in three terms then next following, at four several days in

* every term; by reason whereof they ought to be proclaimed four times in every of the four several terms:And that during the time of pro* claiming of such fines, all pleas should cease: which to do according to the said statute (considering the multitudes of fines now usually levied) 4 would require sixteen days in every term; and by reason of the many causes and suits in that court, is a far greater trouble than heretofore hath been, so as scarcely one day in every term can be spared for the proclaiming of fines Be it enacted by the authority or this present Parliament, That all fines with proclamations, from and after the feast of Easter next ensuing, to be levied in the said court, shall be proclaimed only four times; that iyto say, once in the term wherein it is engrossed, and once in every of the three terms holden next after the same engrossing:And that every fine proclaimed as aforesaid, shall be of as great force and effect in law to ail intents and purposes as if the same had been sixteen times proclaimed according to the statutes heretofore made.

Elix. c. 15. Fines may be levied before the Mayor of the City of Chester, for lands lying there, &c. The effect of the Statute of 2 A 8 Ed. 6. c. 28.

The City of Chester made

[No. XX.] 43 Elizabeth, c. 15.—An Act for the levying of Fines with Proclamations of Lands within the County of the City of Chester.

TiWHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament holden at Westminster 1 by prorogation, in the second year of the reign of our late Sovereign Lord of famous memory King Edward the Sixth, intituled An Act for Fines with Proclamation in the County Palatine of Chester, it was enacted, That all fines which at any time thereafter should be levied •or knowlcdged before the High Justice of the said King, or of his heirs and successors, of his county palatine of Chester for the time beings or before the deputy or lieutenant justice for the time being, of any lands tenements or other hereditaments lying and being within the said county palatine of Chester, which should be openly read and proclaimed in such manner and form as in and by the said Act is particularly appointed, should be of like force strength and effect in the law, to all intents constructions and purposes, as fines duly levied with proclamations before the said King*s Justices of the Common Pleas were:

II. And forasmuch as the said Act doth not extend to any 1 a County of itself, and divided from the County of Chester. d

Class X.]

Fines and Recoveries.

* tenements or other hereditaments lying and being within the county of the city of Chester, (the said city with the suburbs and hamlets thereof,

* and all the land within the precinct and circuit of the said city suburbs and hamlets, being long before, by our late Sovereign Lord of famous

* memory, King Henry the Seventh, by his Highness letters patents,

* bearing date at Chester the sixth day of April in the one and twentieth

* year fcoT his reign, divided exempted and in all things separated from the said county of Chester, and from thenceforth made and appointed to

* be a county by itself, and in itself, distinct and separate from the said county of Chester; ) so that the inhabitants within the said city, and all

* others being owners of lands within the county of the said city, have no

* means to levy any fines of such their said lands in any of her Highness

* courts of record. ’

III. May it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, the Lords Fine* levied of Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons of this realm in this present Land* within Parliament assembled. That it may be enacted by the authority of the the County of same, That from henceforth it shall and may be lawful to and for all and City of

every person and persons whatsoever, upon any original writ or writs of Cheater, covenant, or any other original writ or writs whereupon fines are or have been usually levied, to be purchased out of her Highness Court of Exchequer within the said county palatine of Chester, returnable before the mayor of the said city for the time bem *, in the Portmoot-Court to be holden within the said city, to levy any line or fines of any lands tenements or hereditaments lying or being within the said county of the said city of Chester, before the mayor of the said city for the time being, in the said Portmoot-Court, in such manner and form as fines may be levied by any laws or statutes of this realm before the Queen’s Majesty’s High Justice of her county palatine of Chester, of lands within the same county palatine-: And that the mayor of the said city for the time being shall from henceforth have full power and authority to receive and record all and every such fine and fines: And that all and every such fine and fines Proclamation* which shall be so levied, and which shall be openly read and proclaimed of Fines, before the mayor of the said city for the time being, in the said Portmoot-Court, once at the same court-day that the said fine or fines shall be engrossed, and once at every of the nine next court days of Portmoot to be holden within the said city, before the mayor thereof for the time being, next after the levying and ingrossing of such fine or fines, shall be of like force strength and effect in the law, to all intents constructions and purposes, as fines duly levied with proclamations, before her Majesty's said High Justice of her county palatine of Chester, of lands within the same county palatine, are or ought to be of.

* IV. And whereas also the mayor of the said city for the time being, A Dedimus

* hath been ever heretofore (for and during all the time whereof the me- Potestatem

4 mory of man is not to the contrary) accustomed, in all and every com- granted to re-mon recovery or recoveries suffered before him in the said court of *eive a War- Portmoot, in absence of the tenant or tenants, vouchee or vouchees rant of Attorney in such recovery or recoveries, to award and send forth of the said court for the sufier-4 a writ process or precept of dedimus potestatem, in the name of our Sore- ing of a Reco* reign Lady the Queen’s Majesty that now is, and of her Highness pro- very.

% gemtors Kings and Queens of England for the time being, under the

4 teste of the said mayor for the time being, and sealed with the seal of his office, thereby authorising those to whom the same was directed or some of them, to receive warrants of attorneys from such tenant or' ,

4 tenants vouchee or vouchees to such attorney or attorneys as the said tenant or tenants vouchee or vouchees would in his or their place or places constitute for him or them to appear in the said court, ana to gain or lose the said lands tenements or hereditaments in or by such recovery or recoveries demanded or to be recovered

V. Be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon all and . D every such original writ or writs hereafter to be purchased out of her p0J^ltem Highness said Court of Exchequer as aforesaid, for the levying of any pante<| by the .fine or fines within the said city of Chester, the mayor of the said city for Mayor of Chotter to take the acknowledgment of a Fine.

to

[PartDL

g, shall far ew hemlter have hill power and am award and sens forth such like writ or writs process or precepts of awpeleefofo* as is aforesaid, to any two or more sufficient persons, m rising them or some of them to receive and take the acknowledgment of such person or persons as shall be willing to levy such fine or fines, and by reason of sickness or other reasonable impediment cannot come in person before the said major for the time being, to make such acknowledgment: and that all and every such fine and fines, as upon any such acknowledgment made and certified into the said Court of Portmooi shall be hereafter engrossed recorded and proclaimed in such manner and form as is formerly limited and appointed before the mayor of the said city for the time being in the said Court of Portmooi, shall be of like force and effect to all intents constructions and purposes as if the same fine or fines had been personally acknowledged before the said mayor, and engraved recorded aod proclaimed in such manner and form as in and by this present Act is formerly limited appointed expressed and declared.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That fines to be levied by virtue ried in dm- of this Act shall be subject to be reversed and may be reversed upon writs r may be re- of error to be sued and prosecuted before the said High Justice of the said ned by Writ county palatine of Chester, as other judgments given by the said may* ef Error* the sua Portmoot-court may be and nave used to be, if found error in the same fine or fines.

WhmsftM

mayor m there shall he

[No. XXI.] 10 & 11 William III. c. 14—An Act for

limiting certain Times, within which Writs of Error shall be brought for the reversing Fines Common Recoveries and Antient Judgments.

[No Fine or Recovery, &c. shall be reversed, unless Writ ef Error be brought in twenty years after Fine levied, &c.

Proviso for Infants, &c.

Inserted Part IV. Title Ea&oa.]

[No. XXII.] 4XXAnne, c. 10.—An Act for the Amendment of the Law, and the better Advancement of Justice. [Inserted ante Part II. Class I. No. 23. Vi. Sections 15 & 16.]

14 Geo. II. c. 20.

[No. XXIII.] 14 George II. c. 20.—An Act to amend

the Law concerning Common Recoveries, and to explain and amend an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charlbs the Second, intituled An Act for Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries, so far as the same relates to Estates pur autre Vie.

4 WHEREAS several leases have been heretofore, and are hereafter likely tq, be made, of honors castles manors lands tenements find hereditaments, for one or more life or lives, under particular rents thereby reserved, and to be reserved: And whereas procuring &uirenders of such freehold leases, or the tenants thereof to join, in order to make tenants to the writs of entry or other writs for suffering common recoveries, frequently occasions great trouble difficulty and eapence to f tenants in tail, and the same cannot in many cases be obtained, by reason of the uncertainty in whom the legal estate of freehold under such leases is vested, and also by reason of the disabilities and incapa- cities of such lessees or persons claiming under them, by means-wheseef purchases and family settlements are often delayed, and may be in

1C

Class X.]

Fines and Recover*.

j defeated, if some proper remedy be not provided For remedy whereof be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all. common recoveries suffered or to be suffered in hts Majesty’s Court of Common Picas at Westminster, or in any other court of record in the principality of Wales, or in any of the counties palatine, or in any other court having jurisdiction of the same, of any honors castles manors lands tenements or hereditaments without any surrender or surrenders of such lease or leases, or without the concurrence or any conveyance or assurance from such lessee or lessees, or other person or persons claiming under such lessee or lessees, in order to make good tenants to the writs of entry or other writs whereupon such recoveries have been or shall be had or suffered, shall be as valid and effectual in law to all intents and purposes whatsoever as if such lessee or lessees, or any other person or persons claiming under him her or them, had conveyed or joined in conveying, or snail convey or join in conveying, a good estate of freehold to such person or persons as has or have beat or shall become tenant or tenants to such writs of entry or other writs, whereupon such common recoveries have been or shall be suffered.

II. Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make any common recoveries valid and effectual in law, unless the person or persons intitled to the first estate for life, or other greater estate (in case there be no such estate for life in being) in reversion or remainder, next after the expiration of such leases, has or have by some lawful act or means conveyed or assured, or joined in conveying or assuring, or shall by some lawful act or means convey or assure, or join in conveying or assuring, an estate for life at the least, to such person or persons as has or have been or shall become tenant or tenants to the writs of entry or other writs whereupon such common recoveries have been or shall be suffered.

III. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to prejudice the estate of such lessee or lessees, or any person or persons claiming any interest under such lessee or lessees.

IV. And whereas, by the default or neglect of persons employed in suffering common recoveries, it has happened, and may happen, that such recoveries are not entered on record, whereby purchasers for a 4 valuable consideration may be defeated of their just rights:’ For remedy thereof be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any person or persons hath or have purchased or shall purchase for a valuable consideration, any estate or estates in lands tenements or hereditaments, whereof a recovery or recoveries is are or were necessary to be suffered in order to compleat the title, such person and persons, and all claiming under him her or them, having been in possession of the purchased estate or estates from the time of suen purchase, shall and may after the end of twenty years from the time of suen purchase produce in evidence the deed or deeds making a tenant to the writ or writs of entry, or other writs for suffering a common recovery or common recoveries, and declaring the uses of a recovery or recoveries, and the deed or deeds so produced (the execution thereof being duly proved), shall in all courts of law and equity be deemed and taken as a good and sufficient evidence for such purchaser and purchasers, and those churning under him her or them, that such recovery or recoveries was or were duly suffered' and perfected according to the purport of such deed or deeds, in case no reoordcan be found of such reooveiy or recoveries, or the same should appear not to be regularly entered on record: Provided always, that the person or persons making such deed or deeds as aforesaid, and declaring the uses of a common recovery or recoveries, had a sufficient estate ana power to make a tenant to such writ or writs as aforesaid, and to suffer such common recovery or recoveries.

* V. And whereas ithas frequently happened, that the deeds for making 1 the tenants to the writs of entry or other writs for suffering common recoveries have been lost, or that the fines or deeds making the

coverieatobe valid, without

freehold

What dull make Recm valid.

Proviso.

Evidence to be allowed of Common Re *

Ptorieo.

444

No. XXIIL 14 Geo. II. <s. SO.

Common R« *

disputed is 20 yean, shall be deemed valid.

Recovery to be deemed good, though the Deed be executed after the time.

Whet Recoveries not to be sude valid.

Proviso.

29 Car. II. c. 3.

Surplus of Estates per auter Vie, now to pom, if not devised.

Fines and Recoveries. [Part II.

4 to the said writs have not been levied or executed till after the judgment given in such recoveries and the writ of seisin awarded, by reason whereof great doubts have arisen, whether such recoveries, for want of proper tenants to the writs, are good and effectual in lawTo prevent such doubts for the future, and in order to render common recoveries more certain and effectual, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every common recovery already suffered, or hereafter to be suffered, shall, after the expiration of twenty years from the time of the suffering thereof, be deemed good and valid to all intents and purposes, if it appears upon the face of such recovery that there was a tenant to the writ; and if the persons joining in such recovery had a sufficient estate and power to suffer the same, notwithstanding the deed or deeds for making the tenant to such writ should be lost or not appear.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the commencement of this Act, every recovery already suffered or hereafter to be suffered, shall be deemed good and valid to all intents and purposes, notwithstanding the fine, or deed or deeds, makthg the tenant to such writ, should be levied or executed after the time of the judgment given in such recovery, and the award of the writ of seisin as aforesaid, provided the same appear to be levied or executed before the end of the term, great session, session or assizes in which such recovery was suffered, ana the persons joining in such recovery had a sufficient estate and pow er to suffer the same as aforesaid. (1)

VII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to make any such common recovery heretofore suffered valid and effectual in law, which has been avoided by any lawful act or means, or which shall hereafter he avoided by entry duly made on or before the sixteenth day of January one thousand seven hundred ana forty, or by judgment or decree had or obtained upon some action or suit at law or in equity, commenced or to be commenced on or before the said sixteenth day of January, and prosecuted with due diligence; but every such common recovery shall remain and be of such force and effect only as the same would have been if this Act had never been made, and of no other force or effect.

VIII. Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed

to prejudice or affect any question of law which may arise upon common recoveries not remedied or intended to be remedied by this Act; but all such common recoveries shall remain and be of such force and effect as the same would have been if this Act had never been made, and of no other force or effect.

4 IX. And whereas by an Act made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King Chahles the Second, (2) intituled An Act for Prevention of Frauds find Perjuries, amongst other things it is enacted, That estates pvr auter Vie, whereof no devise shall be made, should, in case there should be no special occupant thereof, go to the executors or administrators of the party thqt had the estate thereof by virtue of the grant, and should be assets in their hands. And whereas doubts have arisen, where no device has been made of such estates, to whom the surplus of such estates, after the debts of such deceased owners thereof are fully satisfied, shall belong* Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such estates pur auter Vie, in case there be no special occupant thereof, of which no devise shall have been made according to the said Act for prevention of frauds and perjuries, or so much thereof as shall not have been so devised, shall go he applied and distributed in the same manner as the personal estate of the testator or intestate. (3)

(1) In Goodright v. Rigby, 2 H. B. 46, it was contended, that this provision did not apply when it appeared by special verdict that the conveyance to the tenant was not made until after the Execution of the writ of seisin—although in the same term but ruled contra, and the judgment affirmed on error.—5 T. R. 177.

(2) Neither of these Statutes extend to Copy-holds, Zouch, d. Forse r. Force, 7 East, 106.

(3) See Notes on the subject of this section subjoined to Statute 29 Charles IL c. 3* ante Class I. No. 17.

Class X.] Fines and Recoveries, 445 '

[No. XXIV.] 32 Geo. II. c. 14.—An Act for the more regular and easy collecting accounting for and paying of Post Fines which shall be due to the Crown, or to Grantees thereof under the Crown, and for the Ease of Sheriffs in Respect to the same.

No. xxiv:

32 Geo. II.

c, 14.

4 WHEREAS great trouble and expence arise in the execution of the 32 Geo. lLc.14.

4 1 office of sheriff, by the present method of collecting accounting

4 for and paying of post fines, which become due to the crown, or to Preamble,

grantees or proprietors thereof under the crown, by reason that the persons from whom such post fines are due are frequently unknown to the sheriff, and reside out of his county; and the parishes towns precincts or places in which the lands lie, whereof the fine was levied,

4 are frequently misnamed, whereby the sheriff is unable to find out the same. And forasmuch a9 the sheriff of every county, on the passing his accounts, is obliged to pay to the crown before he can obtain his quietus the several and respective post fines charged upon him, many of which he is never able to collect in and receive, to his manifest loss and detriment; for remedy whereof, and for the ease of sheriffs in the execution of their office, May it please your Majesty that it may be enactedAnd be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That on all and every writ or writs of covenant which, from and after the first day of Trinity Term one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, shall he sued out for the passing of fines in his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas at Westminster, the officer or officers whose duty it is to set and indorse the prefine payable thereon, shall also at the same time set the usual post fine, and indorse the same on the hack of the said writ or writs, together with his or their name or names, or mark of office thereto, in the like manner as the same are now indorsed or stampt at the office called The King's Silver Office; which said post fine or post fines shall be forthwith paid to the receiver of prefines at the Alienation Office for the time being, together with the sum of four pence as his fee for receiving the same, instead and in lieu of the fee of four pence charged on lands tenements and hereditaments, and payable to sheriffs bailiffs and others, on discharging the same, by virtue of the Act of the third year of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for the better regulating the Office of Sheriffs; and for ascertaining their lees and the Fees for suing out their Patents and passing their Ac- Post Fine to be counts; which said fee of four pence, by the said Act granted, from and indoned on after the said first day of Trinity Term one thousand seven hundred and beck of the fifty-nine, shall cease and determiue; and such receiver shall indorse Writ, by the upon the back of every such writ or writs of covenant one particular or Officer who is certain mark of office, in like manner as is now used by him on the re- to th« P*e-ceipt of prefines at the Alienation Office, together with the name of such together receiver, and the sum of money which shall be by him received as the with post fine due thereon; which mark and indorsement of such receiver °r shall discharge the manors lands tenements rents commons and heredita- fceulb0^Flnc# ments comprised in the said writ or writs of covenant, and the cognizce q*"1 or cognizees named therein.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the officer or clerk of the King’s Silver Office, or his deputy, from and after Silver Office to the said first day of Trinity Term one thousand seven hundred and fifty- enter tnd mafk nine, shall continue to enter every such fine or fines upon record, in the the Rne* way hitherto used in the passing of fines, and make thereof the same-entries, and shall put thereon the same indorsements, with the same stamp or mark, and in the like manner as has hitherto been the constant usage and practice of the said office in passing of fines; and that no fine, until the same shall be stampt and marked with the sum to which the post fine amounts as aforesaid m the said King’s $ilv$r pfgpe, shall *

he deemed a fine valid and effectual iq law,

fine is payable on the Writ, the Officer at the Alienation Office is to put a Post Fine of 6s. 8<L thereon, &c.

Fines and Recoveries. [Part

e III. And whereas no prefine is payable* on any writ of eovei where the lands and tenements contained therein are tinder the ye value of five marks, but a certain sum of six shillings and eight p hath been anciently set and payable to the crown on every such wr 1 covenant, as and for the King's licence being granted to the partif Where no Pre- < bUCh writ of covenant named to accord Be it therefore further ena by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first da Trinity Term, in all cases where no prefine shall be payable on any j of covenant, the officer or officers at the said Alienation Office, wf duty it is to set and indorse the prefine on every writ of covenant which a prefine is payable, shall set on every writ of covenant brought the said Alienation Office on which no prefine shall be payable, a post I of six shillings and eight pence, as hath been anciently usually put at said King's' Silver Office on every writ of covenant on which no pref was payable; and shall indorse such post fine of six shillings and eig pence on every such writ of covenant, ., together with his or their name names and mark of office, in the like manner as it hath been usual! indorse Mich writs of covenant at the said Alienation Office; anil er« such post fine of six shillings and eight pence shall be paid to the si receiver of the said Alienation Office, before the writ of covenant< which no prefine is payable shall be passed at the said Alienation Office and the said receiver, on payment of the said six shillings and eid pence, shall indorse on ana mark every such writ of covenant, in ht manner as other wrif3 of covenant are by this Act before directed to 1 indorsed and marked by such said receiver.

Cleikof the IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That th Silver Office to Officer or clerk of the King’s Silver Office, or his deputy, from and afh receive no Writ the said first day of Trinity Term one thousand seven hundred an where the Poet fifty-nine, shall not receive any writ or writs of covenant, unless it sha

Rne has not appear by the mark and indorsement of such receiver as aforesaid tha

been paid. the p0St ^as been paid therein.

If the Writ V. Provided nevertheless, That if after the payment of such post fio hall be pre- or post fines as aforesaid, the said writ or writs of covenant shall, by tfn vented from death of any of the parties named therein, or for any other cause whar 8flre£1 soever, be prevented or hindered from passing through the several othei Offices, the Re- 0fljce9> so as the said fine or fines is or are not or cannot be compJeated; STp 10 l^at !^en an(* every such case, the said receiver shall repay fo the

0, 1 me cognizee or cognizees in every such writ or writs of covenant, his her or their attorney or agent, on their producing and filing with him the said writ or writs of covenant, all and every such sum and sums of money as shall have been before by him received thereon as and for the po^V fine or post fines; anfl such writ or writs of covenant so remaining filed with such receiver, shall be and is hereby declared to be a sufficient discharge to such receiver for such sura or sums of money as he shall m>

repay as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every such receiver as aforesaid; before he takes upon him the execution of his said office, shall enter into a recognizance before one of the Barons of his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer to his Majesty his heirs and successors, with one or more surety or sureties, as shall be thought proper h such Baron, in the penal sum of five thousand pounds, conditioned for the due and faithful execution of the said office, and to pay unto evert respective sheriff of every county city and town in England bavin? i sheriff or sheriffs, or his under sheriff or lawful attorney, on his or their producing to such receiver his clerk or agent, at his public office, the quietus of the sheriff for whom payment is required, the sum total of the post fines which shall be contained in such respective quietus, and wherr-with such sheriff shall have been charged in his account in the Eirht-quer; and also to pay unto all and every the lords of liberties proprietors or grantees of post fines under the crown, or to their lawful bailift or attorney, upon iheir producing respectively unto the said receiver hs clerk or agent at his public office, the respective schedules of the forego apposer or clerk of the estreats of the said Court of Krckequsr, d *

to the Cog. nizee.

Receiver to enter into Recognizance.

c. 14.

£lass X.] Fmts amd Itecmyeries.

pveral and respective sums of money in such schedules contained, and No. XXIV. let over as post fines to such lords proprietors or grantees respectively; yhich said surety or sureties shall respectively justify him or herself w jefore the Baron taking such recognizance to be worth the sum of two »}ousand five hundred pounds, over and besides all just debts and in-Aimbrances; and every such recognizance shall, with all convenient peed after the taking thereof, be transmitted by the Baron who shall ake the same to the King's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, there to be filed and remain on record; and such receiver and his 9aid sureties shall in all cases be respectively liable to the amount of such penal sum, to make satisfaction to each respective sheriff, and also to the respective lords of liberties proprietors or grantees, for all and every post fine and post fines which shall be received by such receiver his deputy or agent, on any fine levied of any lands tenements rents or hereditaments within their respective sheriffwicks or liberties; and in case of the death or insolvency of any of the said sureties at any time after the entering into such recognizance as aforesaid, then one or more surety or sureties, in the room or place of him her or therri so dying or becoming insolvent as aforesaid, shall within the space of one month then next, enter into such recognizance as the said surety or sureties so dying or becoming insolvent had entered into, and justify himself herself or themselves in like manner as is before directed in this Act; in default of which the said office shall immediately cease determine and be utterly void.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from Time ofKe-and after the said first day of Trinity Term, every such receiver his clerk ceivefs attend* or agent shall daily (Sundays and holidays excepted) attend at the said ance tt Office, Alienation Office from nine of the clock in the morning till one of the and Delivery of clock in die afternoon, and shall deliver back every such writ of cove- the Writs* nant as aforesaid, when the same shall he called for at the said Alienation Office during the office-hours herein before appointed for such receiver’s attendance at the said office, within two aays after every such

post fine shall be paid thereon respectively, unless the last of the said two days shall happen to be a Sunday or holiday, aiul then on the next succeeding day.

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every such Receiver to pay

receiver as aforesaid shall pay unto every sheriff of any of the counties the cities or towns of England, his under-sheriff or lawful attorney, on his to producing his quietus, the several and respective sums of money in the said quietus mentioned to have been by him accounted for in the receipt 1118 quietus, . of his Majesty's Exchequer, on the passing of his accounts as and for post fines of his Majesty’s Court of Common Fleas at Westminster; and also in like manner pay unto all and every lords of liberties proprietors or grantees under the crown of such post fines, or his or their bailiff or lawful attorney, upon their producing the schedules of the foreign ap-poser or clerk of the estreats of the said Court of Exchequer, the several and respective sums of money in the said schedules set and allowed to them as post fines; the said receiver deducting and retaining to himself out of every twenty shillings which he shall so pay, the sum of six-pence only, for his trouble and attendance on the due execution of this Act, and so in proportion for any greater or less mm, and which he is hereby authorised and impowered to deduct and retain to his own use; but neither the said receiver nor any other person or persons whatsoever, for his or their attendance on such receiver, shall charge or he allowed any fee or reward for or on the account of doing any thing by ihis Act directed, except the said fees to such receiver in this Act particularly mentioned and expressed.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Penalty of person or persons from and after the said first day of Trinity Term one forging the thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine shall make forge or counterfeit, Receiver’shaad or cause or procure to be made forged or counterfeited, the mark or or mark* hand of such receiver as aforesaid, whereby such receiver or any other person or persons shall or may be defrauded, or suffer any loss thereby;

Receiver made subject to the Order of the Court, &c.

limitation of Prosecutions.

Oxden of the

Court inforced.

Operation of fines in the Court of Common Pleas, not altered by this Act.

PqbUc Act.

Fines and Recoveries. [Part It.

every person or persons convicted of such offence, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

X. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every such receiver refusing: or neglecting to pay such post fines to the said respective sheriffs lords ofiiberties proprietors or grantees under the crown, or their lawful attomie9 or bailiffs, snail be subject to such order as the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer of the degree of the coif shall make for the payment of the same; and the said receiver and every person or persons who shall be guilty of any wilful default extortion or misdemeanour, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this Act, shall forfeit and pay to the party aggrieved treble damages with full costs, which shall and may be ordered and awarded by the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, upon application made to and on due proof thereof made before them, in such summary way and method as to them shall seem meet; provided every such application or prosecution be made within the space of two years next after any such offence shall have been committed, and not otherwise, and such orders of the said Court of Exchequer so to be made as aforesaid, shall have the same force virtue and effect, and the observance thereof shall be inforced by such ways and means as any other orders of the same court.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this Act shall not any way alter the operation of any fine which after the said first day of Trinity Term one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, shall be levied in the Court of Common Pleas at Westminster, or the course of passing fines in that court, otherwise than is in and by this Act directed.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of a3 such by all judges justices and other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

[No. XXV.] 47 George III. Sess. 2. c. 8.—An Act

concerning Common Recoveries, suffered in Copyhold or Customary Courts by Attorney. — [1 180/.]

47 Geo. III. XI/TIEREAS it is expedient that persons who can now suffer common

Sen. 2. c. 8. recoveries of copyhold or customary tenements in person but not by attorney, should be enabled to suffer the same by attorney as well as in personMay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of Persons may the same, That it shall and may be lawful for every person not being under appoint Attor- coverture, and for every feme covert, (such feme covert being solely and nies, &c. for secretly examined by the lord or lords lady or ladies of the manor or surrendering manors whereof the copyhold or customary tenements, a common re-Copyholds, &c. covery or common recoveries of which is or are proposed to be suffered, of which Com- shall lie holden, or by his her or their steward or stewards, or by the demon Recoveries pUty or deputies of such steward or stewards,) to appoint any person or are intended to persons f0 be his her or their attorney or attornies' for the purpose of be suffered, flee, gurrendering the copyhold or customary tenements a common recovery or common recoveries of which shall be proposed to be suffered, to the use of any person or persons to make him or them* tenant or tenants to the plaint; and also to appoint any other person or persons to appear for the person or persons so appointing as vouchee or vouchees, ana to enter into the usual warranty, and to do all other lawful and necessary Acts for the suffering and perfecting of such common recovery or common recoveries respectively, and to direct the demandant or demandants in such common recoveries respectively to surrender the tenements so recovered, when or after such recovery or recoveries shall be suffered and perfected, to such uses as shall be declared in the instrument by vhich such attorney or attornies shall be respectively appointed] and

Class X.] Fmes and Recoveries. 449

that the surrender and surrenders and common recovery and common No. XXV. recoveries which shall be had acknowledged and suffered as aforesaid,

shall have the like effect but no other as such surrender and surrenders ue! and common recovery and common recoveries would have had if the c’ party or parties who shall acknowledge such surrender or surrenders, and suffer such common recovery or common recoveries by attorney, and give such directions as aforesaid, had appeared in court in his her or their person or respective persons, and acknowledged the said sur-. render or surrenders, and suffered the same recovery or recoveries, and had joined in the surrender or surrenders to be made by such demandant or demandants.

[No. XXVI.] 59 Geo. III. c. 80.—An Act concerning Common Recoveries to be suffered by Attorney in Courts of Antient Demesne; and to explain an Act of his present Majesty relative to the Sale or Mortgaging of Estates of Lunatics. — [6th July 1819.]

Vol. L

3G

4S0

PART II

CLASS XI.

[PartH.

Wills.

[N*. I.] 32 Henry VIII. c. 1 .—The Act of Wills Wauls and Primer Seisins, whereby a Man may devise two Parts of his Land.

32 H.VIII. 1 WTHERE the King’s most Royal Majesty in all the time of his most

c. 1. . gracious and noble reign hath ever been a merciful loving benevo22 Roll. 383, 4 lent and most gracious Sovereign Lord unto all and singular his loving

425, 427. 4 and obedient subjects, and by many times past hath not only shewed

* and imparted to them generally by his many often and beneficial par• In adverting to the system of the law at present existing with respect to testamentary dispositions, 1 shall take the liberty of suggesting certain legislative alterations which I conceive would tend materially to its amelioration and improvement.

By the abolition of the feudal tenures, the restrictions which are the principal objects of this and the following statute have become inoperative; and the power of a disposition by will of freehold lands of inheritance is general and undefined.

It is agreed that copyhold landst are not within the Statute of Wills, and that they can only be the subject of devise through the medium of a surrender to the use of the will, or in consequence of those rules of courts of equity by which the want of a surrender is in certain cases supplied, and upon which it would be foreign to the present purpose to enlaxgd.—The power of devising copy-holds through the medium of a surrender, was originally wholly dependent upon special custom; hut in Pike v. White, 3 Bro. Ch. 286, it being alleged, that according to the custom of a manor, copyhold lands holden thereof, could not be surrendered to the use of the will of the tenant, and were not devisable by virtue of any custom subsisting in such manor. Lord Thurlow said, that it was totally impossible to say that a copyhold surrendered to the use of a will should not pass thereby; and therefore he must declare the custom, if there were such an one, bad.

This opinion is certainly very conducive to public convenience, with regard to its effects; jbjit it seems very difficult to support it upon the principle of mere legal reasoning; or to discover upon what correct principles a custom according with the general common law, and not affected by any legislative provision, could be controuled or superseded by mere judicial authority.

Certain customary estates are still not susceptible of devise, otherwise than by the medium of deeds of trust; and which in some instances must

t1 have thought it eligible to retain this part of the Note, notwithstanding the recent alteration of the law. See the last Number of this Class.

be renewed annually, or after certain periodical intervals, so that if the time of renewing them is suffered to elapse, or the testator falls into a state of incapacity, the devise becomes inoperative.

In Chftrch v. Mundav, 12 Ves. 426, and on Appeal, 15 Vesey, 396, the question arose, amongst others. Whether the reversion or remainder of a copyhold expectant on an estate tail, could be surrendered to the use of a will?—The Lord Chancellor directed inquiries; but after stating Lord Thuriow’s opinion above cited, said, the Court would hold that there might be a surrender to the use of the will, though no instance could be found upon the records of the manor; or if there could be no such custom, there must be some mode of disposition by deed, as in the case of customary freeholds, the want of which the Court would supply.

These cases shew the strong opinion of the courts, and which certainly are in accordance with the general feelings of mankind, in favour of extending the right of testamentary disposition; and it cannot be pretended that any real benefit results from the necessity of the circuitous course of a surrender or deed with respect to copyhold or customary estates, and the invalidity of wills, for want of those ceremonies, is a disappointment of the intention of a testator* upon which his general arrangements are founded. I conceive that much advantage, unaccompanied with any inconvenience, would result from a general provision that all lands and hereditaments, of whatever tenure, might: pass by devise, with proper regulations for preserving to the Lords the emoluments to which they are entitled in respect of the Acts, by which, according to the existing law, such dispositions are rendered valid.

The provisions of the Statute of. Frauds, 29 Car. II. c. 3. with respect to the attestation of wills of real estates, has been adverted to in commenting upon that statute in a former part of this collection, accompanied by some observations on the inconvenience of a certain mode of attestation being necessary in respect of certain descriptions of property, and not universally so; and in consequence of which the same general plan of disposition (up partially supported *

Class XI.] Wms. 451

4 dons heretofore by authority of his Parliament granted, but also by No. I.

divers other ways and means many great and ample grants and benig- __ ,

4 nities, in such wise as all his said subjects been most bounden to the uttermost of all their powers and graces by them received of God to c* *•

4 reader and give unto his Majesty their most humtile reverence and obedient thanks and services, with their daily and continual prayer to Dyer, 292.

4 Almighty God, for the continual preservation of his most royal estate 2 Anders. 206.

and partially defeated; whereas it must always be desirable that the same entire system of disposition should be either wholly valid or wholly void, which has frequently been the subject of judicial observation; and it certainly would be beneficial to apply one and the same rule of attestation to every subject of testamentary disposition, and to extend the present regulations to' the disposition of personal estates, and to the devise of copyholds when such devises are in other respects valid, and to the testamentary execution of powers.

One of the leading features of the present statute is that the testamentary power only attaches to lands belonging to the testator at the devise, •either by actual seisin or a vested right; and that no disposition can be made by will of freehold property to be afterwards acquired. Whether it might not be beneficial to give the same general right of testamentary disposition over future acquisitions of freehold property, which subsists 'with respect to personality, I do net think it material to inquire, as I apprehend that the balance of public convenience on either side would not be very considerable.

It was established previous to the Statute of •Wills, that a devise by a joint-tenant of lands devisable by custom was void; —and it is dear that a will by a joint-tenant who survives, or who afterwards severe the joint-tenancy, is of no effect. See Swift Roberts, 3 Bur. 1488. 1 Black. Rep. 476, and the statute 34 and 35 Henry VUI. But -a devise made by tenant in tail, after making tenant to the praecipe, and before suffering the recovery thereon, is good. Selwm v. Selwin,

1 Black. Rep. 222—251. 2 Bur. 1131.

And a possibility, by virtue of an executory •devise, or a springing use, is devisable. Roe v. Jones, 1 H. BL Rep. 30. 3 T. Rep. 88.

It is a general rule that a right of entry is not devisable, the authorities for which are fully expounded in the case of Goodright v. Forrester, *8 East, 552, in which it was held that the fine of tenant for life divested.the estate of tenant in fee «in remainder, and turned it to a right which was not devisable; and Lord EUenborough, after de-'livering the opinion of the Court to that effect, observed, that whatever mischief or hardship might attend the decision of the case, or might be expected to arise from the application of the name rule to other cases, it was an inconvenience which could, if their judgment was well founded, only be remedied by positive law; —and that the propriety of applying such a remedy, whereby the same rights of entry and action which belonged to 'the heir might be extended to the devisee, was m question particularly for the consideration of the 'legislature. Upon toe case coming before the Court of Exchequer Chamber upon writ of error.

1 Taunton, 578, it was decided upon the ground of non-claim, as to which see note to stat. 4 H. 7. c. 24. ante ClassX. No. 7. the Court declining to give any opinion upon the point decided in the Court of Ring's Benqh:as to which, Mansfield, Ch. J. observed, that since it would be unnecessary to decide on any of the points argued in the Court of King's Bench, it need not be inferred or supposed that the judgment of that Court was in any respept impeached by the decision: the Court would not at present give judgment upon those points, because it would first be necessary minutely to examine the old authorities, which, upon the present grounds of their decision, it would be superfluous to do. If the doctrine of estates arisingby disseisin was such as had been stated by the defendant’s counsel, they must lament that the law was such. Our ancestors got into very odd notions on these subjects, and were induced by particular causes to make estates grow out of wrongful acts. The reason was the prodigious jealousy which the law always had of permitting rights to be transferred from one . man to another, lest the poorer should be harassed by rights being transferred to more'powerful persons. It is evident that the reasons of this principle of the law are not applicable to the present state of -society; and the opinions which have been ched aeem sufficient authority to shear that it might be .desirable to extend the power of devise to all interests which, without such devise, would be descendible to the heir; and «t any rate the interests of justice demand that the testamentary power of the person in remainder sfofald not be effected by the wrongful acts of the particular tenant.—See some observations upon this subject in the notes to the Statute of Uses 27 H. 8. ante Class IX. No. 3.

But perhaps there are few settled doctrines of law, to which 4t would be more desirable to apply the correction of legislative authority, than that by which a devise is rendered inoperative, in consequence of a subsequent conveyance of the estate, contrary to the admitted intentions of the testator.

It would be superfluous to enter into the detail of a subject which has, within a recent period, been so fully elucidated. The positions that* devise is annulled at law by a subsequent conveyance of the estate, although the testator by the effect of the Statute of Uses continues seised of the ancient estate, and even although the conveyance is inoperative for want of legal requisites, and that when there is a revocation at law a court of equity will not controul the legal operation of the conveyance, except in certain definite cases, are fully established as settled rules of property. The history of the ktw upon this subject, and the grounds and principles upon winch it is 2 G 2

452 Will*[Part II.

No. I. in most kingly honour and prosperity; yet always his Majesty being *9 w VIII repleat and endowed by God with grace goodness and liberality, most 33 li. viii, < tenderly considering that*his said obedient and loving subjects cannot c* *• < use or exercise theifiselves according to their estates decrees faculties

1 and qualities, or to bear themselves in such wise as that they may conveniently keep and maintain their hospitalities and families, nor the good education and bringing up of their lawful generations, which in

founded, are fully stated in the cases of Bridges and the Duchess of Chandos, 2 Ves. jun. 417, 7 Bro. P. C. 505—Goodtttle v. Otway, 1 Bos. & P. 576, 7 T. R. 399—. C. in Equity by the name of Cave v. Halford, 3 Vesey, 682, 7 Bro. P. C. 593. See also Harmood v. Oglander, 6 Ves. 199, 8 Vea. 106.

It is very unnecessary to enter into the consideration of the technical principles upon which the law in this respect is founded, or to take part either with those who charge theleading cases with shocking absurdity, or with those who consider the doc-trineas necessarilyemanatingfrom the essential principles of the subject. The question for consideration as a matter of legislative interference is, whether . it would be more conducive to utility that the law should continue as it is, or that it should be reformed. The disappointment of the intention of the testator is an undisputed ingredient in the question; and the benefit, if such there is, from permitting it to continue, results from the contingent advantage derived by the heir, in consequence of the ignorance of his ancestor of s technical rule, the knowledge of which would immediately be followed by the necessary provisions for preventing such advantage from being obtained. Mr. Justice Rooke, in the original decision of Goodtitle and Otway, and Mr. Justice Ashurst upon the writ of error, seem to think that the hardship of the case is sufficiently disposed of, by holding that if individuals will be se negligent as not to apply to those who have the reputation of being the best versed in the science of the law, they are themselves the most to blame; and Lord Kenyon, in a style of general declamation which would apply to any alteration of the law upon any subject, observes, that those who'are confident of their superior abilities may perhaps fancy that they could erect a new system of laws less objectionable than that under which they live, .but he had not that confidence in his, and was satisfied by the decisions and series of decisions of great and learned men on the rules of law, under which the landed property of this country is now held. If the observation is intended to apply only to the exercise of judicial authority, it is certainly not otherwise exceptionable than as is a mere solemn declaration of what no person conversant with the subject would ever think of bringing into dispute; but if understood as importing that u the law is so and therefore it ought to be so, " it involves a principle which if it had always been acted upon, and formed an essential part of the wisdom of our ancestors, would .have superseded the discussion of the question by preventing altogether the innovation the common law, which took place by the nment of tho Statute of Wills.

>rd Kenyon in deciding, as he was bound to

do, in favour of the invalidity of the will, which was the subject of the case of Goodtitle ©. Otway, observed, that if he could have indulged ha wishes, he could have wished to give effect to the intention of the testator. Lord Eldon, speaking in Harmood r. Oglander of a consultation with Serjeant Hill respecting the same will, said that he was desirous, as every roan must be, to support that will as not revoked. Lord Chief Justice Eyre, whose opinion in one part of the case was different from that of the other Judges, prefaced the delivery of it by observing, that though the doctrine of revocation had been carried to a very inconvenient extent, in consequence of the many wills that had been cruelly disappointed and many families greatly distressed, agreed that Judges were not to be wiser than the law—and that it was their duty to declare and execute the law as it is, and to strain nothing in order to mould it to their own conception of what it ought to be. In the course of his judgment he observed, that courts of justice not only do not incline to allow the form of conveyance to operate beyond the intent of the parties, but they will be ready to adopt all manner of expedients to prevent it, and to confine the operation of every conveyance to the special purpose for which it was made. In another part, referring to one of the earlier cases, he saM that the Court of Exchequer carried the odious doctrine of revocation no further than they were absolutely obliged to do. Lord Mansfield constantly regretted the existence of the subsisting rules, while he subscribed to their authority. In Swift v. Roberts, 3 Bur. 1491, he said, that constructive revocations, contrary to the intention of the testator, ought not to be indulged—and that some overstrained resolutions of that sort had brought a scandal upon the law. In Roe v. Griffiths, 4 Bur. 1952, 1 BL 603, "The rule being, established must be adhered to, although it is not founded, upon truly rational grounds and principles, nor upon the intent, but upon legal niceties and subtlety; we ought not to depart from it now, notwithstanding one could wish that no such rule had ever been established, and lament that such subtleties should ever been admitted as the ground of it." M All revocations, which are not agreeable to the intention of the testator, are founded on artificial and absurd reasoning."—Doe v. Potts, Doug. 710. Lord Loughborough had a more favourable opinion of these decisions, as necessarily resulting from fair legs! —that is from fair systematical reasoning, and not depending upon captious nicety.—See Brydget «• Duchess of Chandos, 2 Ves. jun. 417.

With those sentiments which 1 entertain in favour of the propriety of a legislative correction of the existing system of the law, in cases where the practical applicaticf|(9^ i<(is attended with reel

Class XI.] Wills. 463

* this realm (laud be to God) is in all parts very great and abundant, but No. I.

that in manner of necessity, as by daily experience is manifested and

* known, they shall not be able of their proper goods chattels and other " "* vm *

4 moveable substance, to discharge their debts, and after their degrees set c* *•

* forth and advance their children and posterities: Wherefore our said

convenience, I certainly should feel pleasure from the enactments, that ne devise of lands should be annulled or affected by any recovery fine or other conveyance of the land therein comprised, except so far as shall be necessary for the particular object or purpose for which such conveyance shall be made—but that every such devise shall be valid and effectual at law as to all such legal interest as after such conveyance shall remain in or result to the devisor—and that where the legal estate shall be transferred from such devisor, the devise shall be deemed valid and effectual in equity, as to al^ such beneficial right and interest as shall continue to belong to the devisor.

It remtins only to notice the cases to which the rule whereby a will is annulled by a subsequent alteration in the estate of the testator does not apply.

If (he disposition only embraces a particular interest in the estate, as in the case of a lease, the will is only affected to the extent of the interest conveyed.

The only instance at law in which a will remains valid after a disposition operating upon the entire estate, is that of a partition; with respect to which it is held, that although affected by fine the will continues in force. See Luther v, Kidby, 8 Vin. Abr. 148, 3 P. Wms. 169. Risby v. Bul-tinglass, T. Raym. 240. But if the Act extends further than mere partition, and contains a limitation to such uses as the devisor shall by deed or will appoint, the will is annulled. Tickner r. Tickner, cited 3 Atk, 742. In the discussion of the case of Goodtide v. Otway, in the Court of Common Pleas, some doubt was thrown upon the former of these decisions; and the latter was considered by some of the Judges as overturning it; —but it seems to be now agreed that the law is as stated, Attorney- General r. Vigor, 8 Ves. 281, and the observations of Lord Eldon in Maundrell v. Maundrell, 10 Ves. 246, where this distinction is relied upon as shewing the efficacy of a power of appointment by the person to whom in default of appointment the premises are limited in fee.

In the case of the Attorney-General v. Vigor, ubi supra, it was established that if lands after being devised are exchanged, and after the death of the devisor restored in consequence of the eviction of the lands taken in exchange, the devise is not thereby re-established.

In equity it is established that a mortgage or conveyance in trust for payment of debts, is only a revocation pro tanto f hut a trust for payment of debts, and after payment thereof to convey the estate to such uses as the devisor should by deed or will appoint, has been held to be a revocation. Kenyon v. Sutton, cited 2 Ves. jun. 600, and the exception does not extend to other dispositions for a particular purpose. In Harmood r. Oglander,

8 Ves. 125, Lord Eldon said that it did not occur to him there were in equity any cases where the partial particular purpose was-not for charges and

incumbrances, or which is the same thing to pay debts; and equity has said that which is a revocation at Aw shall not be a revocation in equity.

Where a devise is made by a person seised of or entitled to an equitable estate, it is not annulled in equity by a conveyance to him of the legal estate. Ibis is continually exemplified in the cases of wills made of estates for which the testator has entered into a contract of purchase, and which are subsequently conveyed. See Rose r. Cunnyngham, 11 Ves. 550. In Watts r. Fullarton, cited Doug. 691, it was held that the will was not revoked by the purchaser taking the conveyance to another person in trust for himself.

So the will of a person entitled to an equitable estate is not revoked by a conveyance of the legal estate from one trustee to another. Watts iv Fullarton, Doug. 718. nor the will of a person entitled, subject to a mortgage in fee, by a conveyance from the mortgagee to a trustee for the mortgagor. Doe t». Potts, Doug. 719. But in the recent case of Rawlins v. Bengis, 2 V. and B. 382, a person after devising land which he had contracted to purchase, took the conveyance with the usual limitations to bar dower, with the interposition of a trustee; and it was ruled by the Vice-Chancellor that the will was revoked.

In Williams v. Owen, 2 Ves. jun. 595, a testator having articled to settle his estate previous to marriage, devised the reversion subject to the estates intended to be created by the articles, and afterwards conveyed the estate to the uses and upon the trusts mentioned in the articles. Thin was ruled by Sir R. P. Arden, Master of the Rolls, to be no revocation; arjd coni pared to the case of a person having an equitable estate taking a conveyance of the legal estate; but the decision is considered as inconsistent with the rules established in subsequent cases, especially in Cave v. Holford. See 3 Ves. 684, and Harmood and Oglander, ubi supra, Cave u. Holford, 3 Ves. 682.

7 Bro. P. C. 593. The groynd of the Lord Chancellor’s dissent (as stated in Harmood v. Oglander) from the decisions in Williams v. Owen is, that the testator never had any equitable estate in the reversion in fee: u You cannot have a legal estate in trust for yourself. There is a conjunction of the legal and equitable interests, and therefore it was a legal oetate that passed jinder that will."

As to whether a deed set aside in equity fo£ fraud is a revocation of a preceding will, see Beard v. Beard, 3 Atk. 72. Hawes v. Wyatt,

3 Bra Ch. 156, and observations thereon, in 7 Vesey, 373. expane the Earl of Ilchester’s case, and in the Attorney-General v. Vigor, 8 Ves. 283. And see Roberts on Wills, c. 2. sec. 6.

As to deeds inoperative for the purpose intended, but amounting to the revocation of an antecedent will, see Shore v. Piocke, 5 T. R. 124. Beard c. Beard, ubi fupnw

464

No. I.

32 H. VI1L

a 1.

3 Bulctr. 184.

in Soccage, and none in Chief, or by Knights

Wtlb. (Tafftll.

* Sorerpi|pi Lord, roort virtuoiiriy compering the mortality tfa»t ia to wci y

* person at God's will and pleasure most common and uncertain, of his most blessed disposition and liberality being willing to relieve and help

* his said subjects in their said necessities and debility, is contented and

* pleased that it be ordained and enacted by authority of this present Parliamentin manner and form as hereafter followeththat is to say. That all and every person and persons having, or which hereafter shall have, any manors lands tenements or hereditaments holden in soccage, or of the nature of soccage tfenure, and not having any manors lands tenements or hereditaments holden of the Kins our Sovereign lord by knights service, by soccage tenure in chief, or of me nature of soccage tenure in chief, nor of any other person or persons by knights servioe from the twentieth day of July in the year of our Lord God M.D.XL. shall have full and free liberty, power and authority to give dispose will and devise, as well by his last will and testament in writing; or otherwise by any act or acts lawfully executed in his life, all his said manors lands tenements or hereditaments, or any of them, at his free will and pleasure; any law statute or other thing heretofore had made or usea to the contrary notwith *

3 Leon/5*276. standing.

Moor, 342, pi. 463. Explained by 34 & 35 H. 8. c. 5. $ 3. 1 Leon. 113, 252, 267.

3 Leon. 28, 79. Moor, 825, pL 858. Cro. Car. 34. See 3 Bur. 1489 to 1498.

Lands holden-of the King in *

Soccage in

1 Bnlatr. 165. 1 Roll. 65. Godbolt 17, pL 21.

Mocr, 1. pi. 401.

Cro. El. 100. Dyer, £ 72.127

bolden by Knights i vice.

Lee, 53.

II. And that all and every person and persons having manors lands tenements or hereditaments holden of the King our Sovereign Lord his

- heirs or successors, in soccage or of the nature of soccage tenure in chief,

w none ant* having any other manors lands tenements or hereditaments, holden of any other person or persons in soccage, or of the nature of soccage tenure, and not having any manors lands tenements or hereditaments, holden of the King our Sovereign Lord by knights service, nor of any other lord or person by . like service, from the twentieth day of July in the said year of our Lord God M.D.XL. shall have full and free liberty power and authority to give will dispose and devise as well by his last will or testament in writing, or otherwise by any act or acts lawfully executed in his life, all his said manors lands tenements and hereditaments or any of them at his free will and pleasure; any law statute custom or other thing heretofore had made or used to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Saving alway and reserving to the King our Sovereign Lord his heirs and successors, all his right title and interest of primer seisin and reliefs, and also all other rights and duties for tenures in soccage, or of the nature of soccage tenure in chief, as heretofore hath been used and accustomed, the same manors lands tenements or hereditaments to be taken had and sued out of and from the hands of his Highness, hia heirs and successors, by the person or persons to whom any such manors lands tenements^or hereditaments shall be disposed willed or devised, in such and like manner and form as hath been used by any heir or heirs before1 the making of this statute; and saving and reserving also fines for aliens tions of such manors lands tenements or hereditaments holden of the King our Sovereign Lord in soccage, or of the natureof soccage tenure in chief, whereof there shall be any alteration of freehold or inheritance1 made by wHI or otherwise as Is aforesaid.

IV. And it is farther enacted by riie authority aforesaid, That all and singular person and persous having any manors lands tenements or hereditaments of estate of inheritance holden of the King's Highness in chief by knights service, or of the nature of knights service in chief, from the said twentieth day of July shall have full power and authority by his last will by writing, or otherwise by any act or acts lawfully executed in his life, to give dispose will or assign two parts of the same - manors linde tenements or hereditaments in three parts to be divided, or else as much, of the said manors lands tenements or hereditaments as shall exfeencLor

, amount to the yearly value of two parts of the same, in three^ports^o be.

2 Auden. 207. divided, in certainty and by special divisions, as it may be -known in severalty, to and for the advancement of his wife; preferment- of hisA Saving of the King's Primer Seisin, and his Fines for Alienation. Explained by 34 & 35 H. 8.

* 9.

Lands holden of the King by Knights service in Chief.

I Anders. 147. Moor, 726, pi. 1013.

6 Co. 75.

II Co. 24. Dyer, f. 210. C&. lit. 76, a.

Class XL]

children, and payment o£ hin debts, or otherwise at his will and plea- No. I. sere; any law statute custom or other thing'to the contrary thereof Ylfflnotwithstanding. *,

V. Saving and reserving to the King our Sovereign Lord the custody

wardship and primer seisin, or any of mera, as the case shall require* of ' -« 'Y ~~ as muoh of the same manors lands tenements or hereditaments, as shall Waw|^; p &roi amount and extend to* the full and dear yearly value of the third part to lhe thereof, without any diminution dower fraud covin charge or abridgement Dyer> £ 18f# of any of the same third part; or of thefuil profits thereof: 191, 153, 308*.

313, 370. Co. Uu 78*a.

VI. Saving, also, and reserving to the King our. said Sovereign Lord, all Lands hoMaraf *

fines for alienations of all such manors lands tenements and hereditaments, the King by holden of the King by knights service in chief, whereof there, shall be any Knights service alteration of freehold or inheritance made by will or otherwise, as is or otherwise, abovesaid. Cro. EL 286. 1 Roll. 67. Dyer, f - 158, 366. 6 Co. 17.

11 Co. 23. Lee29. 13Co. 49, 50.Dyer, f.286, 313, 354.

VII. And be it enacted by authority aforesaid, That all and singular

person and persons, having'manors lands tenements or hereditaments of estate of inheritance, holden of the King in chief by knights service, .and having' other manors lands tenements or hereditaments; holden. of the Kingtor of any other person or r----l " ‘l---by knights service or otherwise, every'such'person and* persons from the said twentieth day of July shall have full power and authority to give dispose will or assign by his; laat. will in writing, or otherwise by any act or acts lawfully executed in his life, two parts of the same manors lands.tenements or hereditaments, in three parts to be divided, or else as much of the same manors lands tenements and hereditaments as shall extend or amount to the yearly value of two parts of the same, in three parts to be divided, in certainty and by medal divisions, as it may he known in severalty, to and for the advance^ meat of his wife, preferment of his children, payment of his debts, or otherwise at his will and pleasure; any law statute custom or other thing to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VIII. Saving alwmy and reserving to the King our Sovereign Lord, the custody wardship and primer seisin, or any of them, as the case shall p.*r*hJf., require, of as* much of ill* same manors lands tenements or other heredU laments, as shall amount antkextend to the full and clear yearly value of Ali the third part thereof, without any manner diminution dower fraud covin wved. to fj^ charge or subtraction, of the same third part; or of the full profits thereof. King<

Dyer, £366* 8 Co. 165. 9 Co. 125, 131, 137. Moor, 38, p. 124. 'Lee, 32 *

IX: Saving also and reserving to our said Sovereign Lord the King, all fines for alienation of any such manors lands tenements or hereditaments holden of the King by knights service in chief, whereof there shall be. any alteration of freehold or inheritance made by will or otherwise, as is abovesaid.

X. Bfe it further enacted by-the authority abovesaid, That if any person Lands holden or persons hold any manors lands tenements or hereditaments only of by Knights any other lord or person than of the King our said Sovereign Lord by service of other knights service, and other lands and tenements in soccage, or of the Lords than the nature of soccage tenure, that then every such person shall or may give. King, and other dispose or assure, by his last will, or otherwise by any act or acts lawfully Lands holden in executed in his life, two parts of the said manors lands and tenements Soccage. holden by knights service, or of as much thereof as shall amount to the full yearly value or two parts, in manner and form as is above declared, and also all the lands and tenements.holden by soccage, or of the nature of sdcca^ tenure, at his will and pleasure, as is above written:saving and reserving to the lord of the lands and tenements holdea by knights The Lard's service, for his custody and wardship, as much of the same lands and Wardship of tenements as shall extend or amount to the full and clear yearly value th*thW:pwe* of the third part of the same lands and tenements holdea by knights ssvtfe service, without any diminution dower fraud cuvin charge or subtraction of any portion of that thhd part, or of the clear yearly value thereof, in manner and form aforesaid.

456

No. I.

Wills.

[Part 11.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any hold any manors lands tenements or hereditament *

Q, yyjr person or persons hold any manors lands tenements or hereditament* 3x n. y III. Qnj King our Sovereign Lord by knights service, and not in chief,

c« *• or hold any manors lands tenements or hereditaments of our said

Lands holden of the King by Knightr service and not in

cage of others.

Saving to the King and other

Dyer, f. 121. 2 Co. 91.

Sovereign Lord by knights service, and not in chief, and also hold other manors lands tenements and hereditaments of any other person or persons by knights service, and also hold other manors lands tenements or hereditaments of any other person or persons in soccage, or of the nature of soccage tenure; that then all ana every such person and persons shall, chief, and Lands and may give dispose will devise and assure by his last will, or otherwise holdeii m Soo jjy my act or iawfuHy done and executed in his life, two parts of the' same manors lands tenements and hereditaments holden of our said Sovereign Lord the King by knights service, and two parts of the manors lands tenements and hereditaments holden of any person or persons by knights service, or as much of either of them as shall amount to the full yearly value of two parts* in manner and form as is above declared; and also of all his lands and tenements so holden in soccage, or of the nature of soccage tenure, at his free will and pleasure.

XII. Saving and reserving to the King’s Highness, the custody and wardship of as much of the same manors lands tenements or other hereditaments as shall extend and amount to the full and clear yearly value of and Wardship. third pg^t of the said manors lands tenements and hereditaments so holden of nis Highness by knights service, without any diminution dower fraud covin charge and subtraction of any portion of that third part, or of the full profits thereof; and also saving and reserving to the lords of whom any of the said manors lands tenements or other hereditaments been holden by knights service, for the custody and wardship, as much of the same manors lands tenements or hereditartients holden of them, or any of them, by knights service, as shall extend and amount to the full and clear yearly value of the third part of the same, without any diminution charge fraud covin or subtraction of any portion of that third part, or of the clear yearly value of the third part thereof, in manner and form above declared.

The King or XIII. Provided alway and be it further enacted by the authority afore-any ocher Lord said, That if that third part of the manors lands tenements or heredita-may take so ments of any of the King’s subjects, which in any of the cases abovesaid

much as will shall hereafter come to the Ring’s Highness bis heirs or successors, by

amount to his virtue of this Act as is abovesaid, be not, or do not amount to the clear third part, if it yearly value of the full third part of all the said manors lands tenements he not left unto or other hereditaments, whereof the King’s Highness is or shall be enti-tied to have the custody or primer seisin as is abovesaid; that then our said Sovereign Lord ana his heirs shall and may, at his or their free liberty and pleasure, take into bis or their hands and possession as much of the other two parts of the said manors lands tenements and other hereditaments, a3 with that of the same manors lands tenements or here? ditaments holden or remaining in the King’s hands, shall make up the clear yearly value of the full third part of the said manors lands and tenements so to be had to the King’s Highness in title of wardship and primer seisin, or any of them, as the case shall require:And like benefit and ' advantage to be given to every lord or lords, of whom any such manors lands tenements or hereditaments been or shall be holden by knight* service, as is abovesaid, concerning only his third part, of or for title of wardship,

XIV. Provided alway and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person and persons shall sue their liveries for possessions reversions or remainders, and also pay reliefs and heriots after such manner and form as they should or ought to have done before the making of this Act, and as if this Act had never been made.

XV. And that fines for alienations shall be paid in the King’s Chancery for and upon writs of entry in the Post, to be obtained in the same Court of Chancery after the said twentieth day of July, for common recoveries to be had or suffered of any manors lands tenements or herethem.

Fates for Common Recoveries.

6 Co. 27.

BCO. AlHmtic^32.

Class XL] Wills.

ditaments, holden of the King in chief, in like manner and form as is used upon alienations of such manors lands tenements or hereditaments so holden in chief, by fine or feoffment.

XVI. Provided also and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in such cases where fines for alienations shall be paid in the King’s Chancery for writs of entry in the Post, as is aforesaid, that then none other fine shall be paid in the same court for any such writs; any usage or custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where two or more persons now hold or hereafter shall hold any manors lands tenements or nereditaments of the King our Sovereign Lord by knights service, jointly to them, and to the heirs of one of them, and he that hath the inheritance thereof dieth, his heir being within age, that in every such case the King shall have the ward and marriage of the body of such heir so being within age; the life of the freeholder or freeholders of the said manors lands tenements or hereditaments so holden by knights service notwithstanding: [Saving and reserving to all and every woman and women, all and every such right title and interest of dower as they or any of them ought to have, or be or shall be justly intitled to have claim or demand, ot any manors lands tenements or hereditaments by the laws of this realm, to be taken or assigned unto them or any of them, out of the two parts of the said manors lands tenements or hereditaments severed and divided from the third part, as is abovesaid, and not otherwise; and saving also to the King our Sovereign Lord his heirs and successors, the reversions of all such tenants in jointure and dower, immediately after the death of all such tenants, if they shall happen to die during the minority of the King’s wards.

Two seised of Lands holden of the King by Knights service, and to the heirs of one of them.

Dowers of the two parts.

The Reversion of the Tenant in Dower in the King, if the Tenant do die during the minority of the King’s Ward.

9 Co. 126.

Bro. Car. 100.

2 Leon. 131. Co. Lit. Ill, b.

[No. II.] 34 & 35 Henry VIII. c. 5.—The Bill

concerning the Explanation of Wills.

* TIf HERE in the last Parliament begun and holden at Westminster the 34 4 35

* twenty-eighth day of April in the thirty-first year of the King’s h. VIII, c. 5. 4 most gracious reign, and thereby divers prorogations holden and conti- 32 jj. 8.'c. 1.

1 nued unto the twenty-fourth day of July in the thirty-second year of his

said reign, it was by the King’s most gracious and liberal disposition shewed toward his most humble and obedient subjects, ordained and enacted how and in what manner lands tenements and other heredita- ments might be by will or testament in writing, or otherwise by any act or acts lawfully executed in the life of evety person given disposed willed

* or devised, for the advancement of the wife, preferment of the children,

* payment of debts of every such person, or otherwise at his will and pleasure, as in the same Act more- plainly is declared: Sithen the

* making of which e9tatute, divers doubts questions and ambiguities have risen been moved and grown by diversity of opinions taken iu and upon the exposition of the letter of the same, estatute. ’

II. For a plain declaration and explanation whereof, and to the intent and purpose that the King's obedient and loving subjects shall and may take the commodity and advantage of the King’s said gracious and liberal disposition, the Lords Spiritual and, Temporal, and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, most humbly beseeching the King's Majesty, that the meaning of the letter of the same estatute, concerning such matters hereafter rehearsed, may be by the authority of this present Parliament enacted taken expounded judged declared and explained in manner and form following:

III. First, Where it is contained in the same former statute, within divers articles and branches of the same, that all and singular person and persons having any manors lands tenements or hereditaments of the estate of inheritance, should have full and free liberty power and authority to give will dispose or assign, as, well by his last will and testament in

mOM. [Part HL

writing, or otherwise by any act or acts lawfully executed in his life, lw manore land* tenements or hereditament *, or any of them, in such manner and form as in the same former Act more at large it doth appear. Which words of Estate of Inheritance, by the authority of this present Parliament, is and shall be declared expounded taken and judged’ of estates in fee-simple only.

The words Estate of Inheritance how to be undentood.

No.lL

34 ft 35

Hen. VIII. e»5.

Fee Simple in Coparoenery

f 12.

1 Bulstr. 62. Poph. 87, 91, 3 Co. 30.

10 Co. 81.

IV. And also that all and singular person and persons having a sate estate or interest in fee-simple, or seised in fee-simple in coparceneiy, or

in common in fee-simple, of and in any manors lands tenements rents or

29 Csr. 2, c. 3, other hereditaments, in possession reversion remainder, or of rents or services incident to any reversion or remainder, and liaung no manors lands tenements or hereditaments holden of the King his heirs or successors, or of any other person or persons by knights service, shall have full and free liberty power add authority to give dispose will or devise to any person or persons (except bodies politick and corporate) by his last 158*354. vrill and testament in writing, or otherwise by any act or acts lawfully executed in his life, by himself solely, or by himself and other jointly Pi* 2r3‘. severally or particularly, or by all those ways, or any of them, as much as in him of right is or shall be, all his said manors lands tenements renta and hereditaments, or any of them, or any Tents commons or other profits or commodities out of or to be perceived of the same, or out of any parcel thereof, at his own free will and pleasure; any clause in the said former Act notwithstanding.

8 Co. 84. Cio. El. 895. Moor, 625, pL 858. See 3 Bur. 1489 to 1498.

Moor, 38, pi. 124.

Hob. 136.

Devising of

Rent or Common out of Land. 3 C& 33,

Lands holden V. And further be it declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, of the King by That all and singular person and persons, having a sole estate or interest Knight* service in fee-simple, or seised in fee-simple in coparcenery, or in common m in Chief. fee-simple, of or in any manors lands tenements rents or other hereditaMoor, 177, pi. meats in possession reversion or remainder, or of and in any rents or

313, 314. services incident to any reversion or remainder, holden of the King by

Lee, 41, 51, 65. knights service in chief, or of the nature of knights service in chief, hath, ana by the authority of this present Parliament shall have, full and free liberty power and authority to give dispose will or assign to any person or persons (except bodies politick and corporate) by his last will mid testament in writing, or otherwise by any act or acts lawfully executed in his life-time by himself solely, or by himself and others jointly severally or particularly, or by all those ways or any of them, as much as in him of right is or shall be, two parts as well of all the said manors lands tene-10 Co. 80. ments rents and hereditaments, as of all and singular his other rents and

Dyer, 287. hereditaments, or of any of them, or any rents commons or other profits

Co. Lit. 76. or commodities out of or to be perceived of the same two parts, or out of

any parcel thereof in three parts to be divided, or as much thereof as shall amount to the full and clear yearly value of two parts thereof, in three parts to be divided, of what person or persons soever the same be holden, at his free will and pleasure.

VI. And that by the authority aforesaid, the said will so declared shall be good and effectual for two parts of the said manors lands tenements ana hereditaments, although the will so declared be made of the whole, or of more than of two parts of the same: The same division to be made and set forth by the devisor or owner of the same manors lands tenements and hereditaments, by his last will in writing, or otherwise in writing; and in default thereof, by a commission to be granted out of the King’s Court of the wards and liveries, upon the inquiry of the true value thereof by the oaths of twelve men, and return or certificate thereof had in the same ' court; of the said manors lands tenements and hereditaments, division-to be made by the master of the wards and liveries, if the master of the wards and liveries for the time being, and the parties thereunto, cannot otherwise agree upon the same division: And tnatrthe issues and profits of the two parts otthe same manors lands tenements and hereditaments; upon every such division to be restored to them that shall have right or title to the same from the death of the owner or devisor thereof.

VjUVJVLL

C3a»X3.] with.

VII. And further be it enacttd and declared by the authority aforesaid, Noi IT. That all and singular person and persons, having a sole estate or interest ~_ in fee-simple, or seised in fee-simple in coparoenery, or in common in -Jr* fee-simple, of and in any manors lands tenements rents or other heredita- Wen* , VU1* ments, in possession reversion or remainder, dr of and in any rents or c* *• services incident to any reversion or remainder holden of the King his

heirs or successors by knights service, and not in chief, or holden of any Lands hddexr other person or persons by knights service, shall have full and free liberty of the King of power and authority to give dispose will or devise to any person or others by persons (except bodies politick and corporate) by his last will and testaKnights sen-ment in writing, or otherwise by any act or acts lawfully executed iu his vice, and Land* life by himself solely, or by himself and other jointly severally or parti- holden in Soc-cularly, or by all those ways, or any of them, as much as in him of right is or shall be, two parts of all the said manors lands tenements and hem- D7cr» ditaments, or any of them so holden by knights service, or any rents common or other profits or commodities out of or to be perceived of the same two parts, or out of any parcel thereof in three parts to be divided, or aa much thereof as shall amount to the full and clear yearly value of two parts thereof in three parts to be divided at his free will and pleasure.

VIII. And that the said will, so declared by authority aforesaid, shall A Will made

be good and effectual for two parts of the said manors lands tenements °fthe ana. hereditaments, although the will so declared be or shall be made of C00* the whole lands and tenements so holden by knights, service, or of more PJ?1 *

than two parts of the same; and also for the whole of all other such

manors lands tenements and hereditaments, or any of them, not holden 192,

of the King by knights service in chief, or otherwise by knights service, Dver, 367. nor of any other person by knights service, and of any rents commons on $4, other profits or commodities out of or to be perceived of the same, or out Gotdsb. 84-1 of any parcel thereof, at bis free will and pleasure; the same division to Hetley, 57. be made and set forth by the owner of the said manors lands tenements and hereditaments, by his last will and testament in writing, or other~ wise in writing; and in default thereof, for as much of the same manors' lands tenements and hereditaments as shall concern the King's interest, ' by commission to be directed out of the King's Court of the Wards and; liveries, in manner and form as is aforesaid, if the roaster of the Wards' and liveries for the time being and the parties thereunto cannot otherwise? agree upon the same division; and that restitution of the issues and! profits of the two parts thereof shall be had and made in manner and form abovesaid: And for such of the same manors lands tenements and 1 Anders. 348. hereditaments as. shall concern the interest of any other lord or lords, by How thedfcvi-commission to be granted out of the King's Court of the Chancery, to , ion of the tire] inquire thereof by the oaths of twelve men, if the same lord or lords and P*1 «three* theparties thereunto cannot otherwise agreeupon the same division* ah*H be soft

IX. And be it further, enacted and declared by authority aforesaid, .farth *

That the Savings reservings.and provisions concerning saving of the cua» Exposition tody wardship relief and primer seisin to the King, of suoh manors lands of the Savings tenements and hereditaments, or as much thereof as shall appertain'unto Reserving* and him by virtue of the said former Act, and by the declaration and expo- Provisions made sition thereof declared by this present Act; dining the King’s interest in this Act, and therein, and also of the .custody and wardship to other lords, of as much the Statute of of such manors lands tenements and hereditaments holden of them as 32 H. 8. c* 1. shall amount and extend to the clear yearly value of the third part thereof, 3 Co. 27. over and above all charges, without any diminution or abridgment of the third part, or of the mil profits thereof, comprised and mentioned in divers articles in the said former Act contained, by the authority aforesaid, be and shall be intended expounded and taken as hereafter ensueth; that is to say, that the King shall have and take for his full third part of all such manors lands tenements and hereditaments, whereunto he is or shall be intitled by the said former Act, and by this present Act, such manors lands and tenements as shall by any means descend or coma by descent, as well of estate of inheritance in lee-tail aa in fee-simple, or in fee-tail only, to the heir of any such person that shall make any wtlLgifb disposition or devise by his last will in writing, or by any act (ft I

Devise of all the Fee-simple

A remedy where s full third pert a not left for the King or other Lards.

ww*. [Pwt u.

lawfully executed in his life, immediately after the death of the same devisor or owner thereof.

X. And that the will gift and devise of every such devisor or owner, of and for the two parts of the said manors lands tenements and hereditaments residue, shall by the authority aforesaid be and stand good and effectual in the law, albeit the same will gift or devise be had and made of all his fee-simple hinds tenements and hereditaments, or of the more part thereof.

lands, leaving the third part of entailed Lands to the King or ocher chief Lord. Dyer, 150. 3 Co. 28. 10 Co. 10.

XI. And in case the same manors lands tenements and hereditaments, which after the death of any such owner or devisor which shall make any such gift disposition or devise by his last will in writing, or orberwise by any act or acts lawfully executed in his life, to his wife children or otherwise, as is aforesaid, which shall immediately after his death descend revert remain or come to his heir or heirs, as well of estate of inheritance in fee-tail as of estate in fee-simple, or fee-tail only, be not or shall not amount or extend to the full clear yearly value of the full third part, with the full profits thereof, of all the said manors lands tenements or other hereditaments of the said devisor or owner, according to the true intent and meaning of the said former Act, and of this present Act; that then the King shall and may have and take into his hands and possession to make up his full third part, with the full profits thereof, according to his interest therein, as much of the other manors lands tenements and hereditaments, willed given disposed or assigned by any such person to his wife children or otherwise as is aforesaid, as with such of the same manors lands tenements and hereditaments, descended or by any means come unto the heir, as heir of any such devisor or owner, snail make up the clear yearly value of the said full third part, with the full profits thereof, of all the said manors lands tenements and hereditaments of every such owner or devisor, so to be bad to the King in title of wardship or primer seisin, as the case shall require; and the division thereof to be had and made, and with the restitution of the profits of the two parts of the said manors lands tenements and hereditaments, in such manner and form as is above rehearsed; and like advantage and benefit to be given had and taken by Ahe said authority to every lord and lords, of whom any such manors lands tenements or hereditaments been or shall be holden by knights service, in manner and form as is abovesaid, concerning only his or their third parts thereof, according to their said interest therein.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if it happen the same third part, or any part thereof, left willed or assigned to the King or other lord, at any time during their interests therein, to be lawfully evicted or determined; that then the King and the other lord shall have as much of the two parts residue as shall accomplish and make up a full third part in clear yearly value, after the rate and portion of such manors lands tenements and hereditaments as shall then happen to remain of the same third part, not evicted nor determined, ana of the other two parts of such manors lands tenements and hereditaments as the King or other lord should or ought to have had by virtue of the said former Act and this present Act; and the same to be divided in manner and form above rehearsed; any clause in the said former Act notwithstanding.

r X III. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid,

Alienation must That thesaving and reserving for fines for alienation by any such last be sued by will ana testament of such manors lands tenements and hereditaments, those to whom holden of the King by knights service in chief, or of the nature of knights service in chief, or by soccage in chief, or of the nature of soccage tenure in chief, or for fines for alienation of such manors lands tenements or hereditaments, whereof there shall be any alteration of freehold or of nheritance, made by any such last will, comprised in divers anid sundry articles mentioned in the said former Act, be and shall be intended expounded taken deemed and judged by the authority aforesaid, that all

A remedy for the King or other Lords, if the third put be entailed.

A jpardon of

Lands be devised, paving the thud part of the yearly value of the Lands holden xn Chief;

22 Car, 2, c. 24.

Class XI.]

mut.

m

No.n.

34 & 35

Hen. VIII.

c.5.

such person or persons, to whom the said manors lands tenements or . hereditaments, or any of them, be or shall be given disposed willed or devised by any such iast will, shall be exonerated acquitted and discharged for ever against the King his heirs and successors for all such fines for alienations, by any such last will or testament without licence, by suing forth of the King's pardon for alienation out of the King's Court of Chan-- eery, paying to the King his heirs or successors for the fine of every such alienation the third part of the yearly value of the same manors lands tenements or other hereditaments to him or them willed or devised. And this Act from time to time shall be a sufficient warrant to the Lord Chancellor of England, or Keeper of the Great Seal for the time being, for the granting out of the said pardon or pardons under the King's Great Seal, as heretofore hath been used for pardons for alienations, without any further suit to be made to the King for the same.

XIV. And it is further declared and enacted by the authority afore- pcnonj •mcflp9. said. That wills or testaments made of any manors lands tenements or to other hereditaments, by any woman covert, or person within the age of rige t|lejr \nn*ltT twenty-one years, idiot, or by any person de non sane memory, shall not 5 Co. 23. be taken to be good or effectual in the law. Dyer, 354. Hob. 225.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Anurances by

person or persons having estate of inheritance of or in manors lands tene- Covin to dements or hereditaments, holden of the King by knights service in chief, or the King otherwise of the King by knights service, or of any other person or persons .

by knights service, hath given at any time sithen the twentieth day of the

said month of July, or hereafter shall give will devise or assign, by will or Wardships, other act executed in his life, his manors lands tenements or hereditaments,

or any of them, by fraud or covin, to any other person or persons for term 123, 276. of years life or lives, with one remainder over in fee, or with divers JjqJ7^ remainders over for term of years life or in tail, with a remainder over in fee-simple to any person or persons, or to his or their right heirs: or at any time sithen the said twentieth day of July hath conveyed or made, or hereafter shall convey or make, by fraud or covin, contrary to the true intent of this Act, any estates conditions menalties tenures or conveyances, to the intent to defraud or deceive the King of bis prerogative primer seisin livery relief wardship marriages or rights, or any other lord of their wardships reliefs heriots or other profits which should or ought to accrue grow or come unto them, or any of them, by or after the death of bis or their tenant, by force and according to the former estatute, and of this present Act and declaration: And the same estates and other conveyances* being found by office to be so made or contrived by covin fraud or deceit, as is abovesaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said former Act and of this Act; that then the King shall have as remedy fee wfcll the wardship of the body, and custody of the lands tenements and King to hereditaments, as livery primer seisin relief and other profits, which avoid fraudu-should or ought to appertain to the King, according to the true intent lent Convey* and meaning of the said former Act and of this present Act, as though ances. no such estates or conveyances by covin had never been had or made, until the said office be lawfully undone by traverse or otherwise.

XVI. And that the other lord and lords of whom any such manors A remedy for lands tenements or hereditaments shall be holden by knights service as other Lonb to Is aforesaid, shall have their remedy in such cases for his or their ward- avoid firaudu-ships of bodies and lands by writ of right of ward; and shall distrain lent Convey* ana make avowry or cognisance by themselves or their bailiffs, for their ancea. reliefs heriots ana other profits, which should have been to them due by 9 Co. 129.

or after the death of their tenant, as if no such estate or conveyance had ’been had or made. ' ,

XVII. Saving and reserving always, by the authority aforesaid, the The Rights of

fight and title 0? the donees feoffees lessees and devisees thereof, against the Donees, the said devisor and hi9 heirs, after the interest and title of the King or &c. saved after other lord therein ended and determined. the King’s or

other Lord's interest expired. Dyer, 287.

XVIII. [Certain persons to whose wills this statute

402 mb: fPart*.

(No. II. XIX. Provided alwayand be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, 34 & 35 ^at every person and persons from whom the King or other

Wpn VTTT ^or<^ or l°r<*s take any manors lands tenements or hereditaments *ieD k 111 ^or his or their full third part, or to make up his or their full third part,

c*5m shall and may by authority'of this present Act in any of the cases aforesaid, upon his or their bill exhibited in the King’s High Court of Chan-Centribution cery> a8a"ast and every.such person and persons which shall be infer him from titled by or under any such will gift disposition or devise to the other two

whom the Kin* have such contribution or recompense for the same as by the Lord

taketh any 8 Chancellor of England, or by the Keeper of the Great Seal of England for land* to make the time being, shall be thought good and convenient, up his third part. Note, the 19th Section does precede the 18th on the RolL 3 Co. 25. Co. Lit. 76, a. 78, a. Ill, b.

[No. III.] 12 Charles II. c. 24.—An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof.

[Inserted ante Class I. No. 15. See Sections 8 & 9, as to the testamentary Appointment of Guardians.]

[No. IV.] 29 Charles II. c. 3.—An Act for Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries.

[Inserted ante Class I. No. 17.]

[No. V.] 3 William & Mary, c. 14.—An Act for the Relief of Creditors against fraudulent Devises.

3W.4M. c. 14.

Wills fraudulent against Creditors.

mV.13, 521.

* TXWHEREAS it is not reasonable or iust that by the practice' or contrivance of any debtors their creditors should be defrauded of their 1 just debts; and nevertheless i$ hath often so happened, that where

* several persons having by bonds or other specialties hound themselves c and their heirs, and have afterwards died seised in fee-simple of and in 1 manors messuages lands tenements and hereditaments, or had power

* or authority to dispose of or charge the same by their wills or testamerits, have, to the defrauding of such their creditors, by their last wills 1 or testaments, devised the same or disposed thereof in such manner as such creditors have lost their said debtsFor remedying of which, and for the maintenance of just and upright dealing,

II. Be it enacted ana declared by the Kings and Queen’s most excellent Majesties, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by authority of the same, That all wills and testaments limitations dispositions or appointments, of or concerning any manors messuages lands tenements or hereditaments, or of any rent profit terra or charge out of the same, whereof any person or persons at the time of his her or their decease shall be seised in fee-simple in possession reversion or remainder, or have power to dispose of the same by his her or their last wills or testaments to be made after the five and twentieth day of March in the year of our Lord God one thousand six hundred ninety and two, shall be deemed and taken (only as against such creditor or creditors as aforesaid, his her and their heirs successors executors administrators and assigns, and every of them) to be fraudulent, and clearly absolutely and utterly void frustrate and of none effect; any pretence colour feigned or presumed consideration, or any other matter or thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

ChreXL] IPtffe.

HI. And for the means that such creditors may be enabled to recover . their said debts, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in the cases before mentioned every such creditor shall and may have and maintain his her and their action and actions of debt, (1) upon his her and their said bonds and specialties, against the heir and heirs at law of nuch obligor or obligors and such devisee and devisees, jointly (2) by virtue of this Act; (3) and such devisee or devisees shall be liable and chargeable for a false plea(4) by him or them pleaded, in the same manner as any heir should have been for any false plea by him pleaded, or for not confessing the lands or tenements to him descended. (5)

Devisee chargeable for a false

Debt upon Bond jointlysuabk against the Heir and Devisee of an Obligor. Pleaas an Heir.

IV. Provided always and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Derise far That where there hath been or shall be any limitation or appointment raising Patinas, devise or disposition of or concerning any manors messuages lands tene- pursuant to a xnents or hereditaments for the raising or payment of any real and just MarriageCon-debt or debts, (6) or any portion or portions, sum or sums of money, for any tract> 800* child or children of any person other than the heir at law, according to or in pursuance of any marriage contract or agreement in writing bona fide made before such marriage, the same and every of them shall be in full force; and the same manors messuages lands tenements and hereditaments, shall and may be holden and enjoyed by every such person

(1) The provision being confined to an action of debt, an action of covenant does not lie thereon.—Wilson v. Knubley, 7 East, 127,

(2) A suit in equity, founded upon the statute, must also be against the heir and devisee jointly.

- —Warren v. Stawell, 2 Atk. 125.

() See the manner of declaring, Clift’a Entr. 145—Lilly’s Entr. 145, 529, 530—2 Rich. C. B. 241—5 Went. 374—2 Chitty, 161.

(4) In a case within the statute, the devisee must shew by plea the particular lands devised.— Gott v. Atkins, in Willes, 523.

(5) But in the arrangement of the funds in equity between the heir and devisee, it is established that assets descended to the heir must be applied to pay debts before lands can be charged which are specifically devised.—Chaplin v. Chaplin, 3 P. Wms. 367—Powis v. Corbet, 3 Atk. 556. As to the order of liability between different funds, see Harmood v. Oglander, 8 Veiey, 124— Idilnes v. Slater, ibid. 295.

(6) In Gott v. Atkinson, Willes, 521, it was ruled, that no action can be maintained upon this statute against devises in trust to sell and apply the money arising by such sale in payment of debts—and by Wills, Ch. J. as the exception is worded, if there had been a devise for the payment of any particular debt by simple contract, it would have been a good devise against the plain. lift though bond, creditors. In the recent case of Millar v. Horton, 1 Cowp. Ch. 45, it was jruledf that a devise to pay simple contract credi-. ton, in preference to specialty, was good within the statute. In Vernon v. Vawdry, Bam. 304, cited ibid, it had been held that a devise to pay debts, excepting a debt as surety, was not within the proviso—but that case seems repugnant both to the express letter of the Act, and the other authorities upon the subject. In Lingard v. Lord Derby, 1 Bro. Ch. 311, the testator devised to irosteea in trust to pay the yearly rents and profits in payment of his debts. Upon spplication by

bond creditors for a sale, it was insisted that the will could not stand by the statute, for a bond creditor without the devise may compel a sale, and the devise tends to defeat his claim—Aut by Lord Loughborough, L. C. both by the wank and construction of the statute, where there is. a tie-vise for the payment of debts it takes the case out of the statute, and it stands as it wwkLhafre done before the statute' waa made—the .creditor can come only as the will directs. See to the same effect the Earl of Bath v. the Earl of Bradford, 2 Ves. 577. In Hughes v. Doulben, 2 Bro. Ch. 614, the testator made a general charge of his debts upon his real estate, and devised a particular estate to trustees for that purpose, oscmting the mansion-house. Lord Thurlow said that he was not aware that a gift for the payment of debts, in a manner which would not answer the purpose, was such a devise as would take the case out of the statute; that if the debts could not be paid by the means provided in the devise, he should order the estate to be sold, notwithstanding the statute, and should consider it so for as fraudulent — and if the estate without the mansion-house was not sufficient, the mansion-house must be sold. In Bailey v. Ekins, 7 Ve-sey, 323, Lord Eldon said that the uniform mle is, that a provision by will effectual in law .or equity for payment of creditors, is not-fraudulent within the intent of the statute.—See Sidney v, Coussmaker, 12 Vesey, 154. Where an estate is devised generally for payment of debts, it is a settled rule that simple contract creditors are intitled equally with creditors by specialty—and that if the specialty creditors have exhausted die personal estate, they can have no benefit from the real estate constituting equitable assets, until the simple contract creditors are placed pari passu— and in the above-mentioned case of Bailey and Ekins, and the authorities there cited, it was held that a charge upon an estate as well as a devise makes it equitable assets.

464 Witts. [Part II.

No. V.

3 W. & M. c. 14.

If the Heir aliene before - action brought, he shall be liable to the value of the Land.

Creditor* preferred, as in Actions against Executors.

Upon Riens per Descent pleaded, Jury shall inquire of the value of the Lands.

Otherwise if Judgment by Confession, for Debt and

or persons, his her and their heirs executors administrators and assigns, for whom the said limitation appointment devise or disposition was made, and by hitf her and their trustee or trustees, his her and their heirs executors administrators and assigns, for such estate or interest as shall be so limited or appointed' devised or disposed, until such debt or debts, portion or portions, shall be raised paid and satisfied; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

* V. And whereas several persons being heirs'at law, to avoid the payment of such just debts as in regard of the lands tenements and hereait*ments descending to them they have by law been liable to pay, have sold aliened or made over such lands tenements or hereditaments, before any process was or could be issued out against thembe it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where any heir at law shall be liable to pay the debt of bis ancestor in regard of any lands tenements or hereditaments descending to him, and shall sell aliene or make over the same before any action brought or process sued out against him, that such heir at law shall be answerable for such debt or debts in an action or actions of debt, to the value of the said land so by him sold aliened or made over; in which cases all creditors shall be preferred as in actions against executors and administrators, and such execution shall be taken out upon any judgment or judgments so obtained against such heir to the value of the said land, as if the same were his own proper debt or debts; saving that the lands tenements and hereditaments bona fdc aliened before the action brought shall not be liable to such execution. (7}

VI. Provided always and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any action of debt u}>on any specialty is brought against any heir, he may plead tiens per descent at the time of the origins! writ brought, or the bill filed against him; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and the plaintiff in such action may reply, that he had lands tenements and hereditaments from his ancestor before the original writ brought or bill filed; and if upon issue joined thereupon it be found for the plaintiff, the jury shall inquire of the value of the lands tenements or hereditaments so descended, and thereupon judgment shall lie given, and execution shall be awarded as aforesaid; but if judgment be given against 6uch heir by confession of the action, without confessing the assets descended, or upon demurrer, or nihil dicil% it shall be for the debt and damages, without any writ to inquire of the lands tenements or hereditaments so descended.

Damages. Carthew, 353, 354.

Devisee charge- VII. Provided also and be it further enacted, That all and every de-ible as Heir. visce and devisees made liable by this Act, shall be liable and chargeable in the same manner as the heir at law by force of this Act, notwithstanding the lands tenements and hereditaments to him or them devised shall be aliened before the action brought. Provided always, That this Act shall be in force for three years, and to the end of me To continue for next session of Parliament after the expiration of the said three yean, three years. and no longer. [Made perpetual by 6 & 7 W. 3. cap. 14.]

(7) If the heir pay his ancestor's debts to the value of the land descended, he may hold the land discharged from the debts of the ancestor.— Butcher v. Nightingale, 1 Str. 665. But he cannot plead that he claims to retain a certain sum for money laid out in repairing, the premises descended.—Shuttleworth v. Neville, 1D.&E. 454.

It was agreed, that in case of real estates the creditor of the ancestor may follow them, and their specific produce in the hands of the assignees, if sold under a bankruptcy.—Ex parte Merton, 5 Vesey, 449.

[No. VI.] L

4XXAnne, c. 16.—An Act for the Amendment of the Law, and the better Advancement of Justice.

[Inserted Ante Class I. No. 23. See Section 14, as to Nuncupative

Wills.]

' *

Class XL] Wilk.

465

[No. VII.] 14 George II. c. 20.—An Act to amend the No. VIL

Law concerning Common Recoveries, and to explain 14 Geo. II. nod amend an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of c. SO. the Reign of King Char lbs the Second, intituled An Act for Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries, so far as the same relates to Estates pur outre Fie.

[Inserted ante Class X. No. 93, ]

[No. VIII.] 25 George II. c. 6.—An Act for avoiding and putting an End to certain Doubts and Questions relating to the Attestation of Wills and Codicils concerning real Estates in that Part of Great Britain called England, and in his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America.

* "WHEREAS by an Act made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign 95 Ota It.

M of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act 29 Car. 2. a 4for Prevention ef Frauds and Perjuries; it is amongst other things j

* enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June in the year A of our Lord one thousand six hundred and seventy-seven, all devises

* and beauests of any lands or tenements deviseable, either by foroe < of the Statute of WiHs or by that statute, or by force of the custom of Kent, or the custom of any borough, or any other particular

* Custom, shall be in writing, and signed by the party so devising the same, or by some other person in nis presence, and by his express direction; and shall be attested and subscribed in the presence of the said devisor by three or four credible witnesses, or else they shall be

* utterly void and of none effect, which hath been found to be a wise and x rood .provision:But whereas doubts have arisen who are to be deemed

4 legal witnesses within the intent of the said Act; ’ Therefore for avoiding Devisee, Ac. c. the same be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by ana ^e«»ng with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Devise void, bm Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority be wuf of the same, That it any person shall attest the execution of any will or prove e codicil which shall be made after the twenty-fourth day of June in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, to whom any beneficial devise legacy estate interest gift or appointment of or affecting any real or. personal (1) estate, other than and except charges on lands tenements or hereditaments for payment of any debt or debts, shall be thereby given or made, such devise legacy estate interest gift or appointment shaS, so far only as concerns such person attesting the execution of such will or codicil, or any person claiming under him, be utterly null and void; and such person shall be admitted as a witness to the execution of such will or codicil, within the intent of the said Act; ^notwithstanding, such devise legacy estate interest gift or appointment mentioned in such will or codicil.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case Creditor «by any will or codicil already made, or hereafter to be made, any lands testing, ad-tenements or. hereditaments are or shall be charged with any debt or mitted tiebts; and any creditor whose debt is so charged hath attested or shall neS8a attest the execution of such will or codicil, every such creditor notwitn- j

standing such charge shall be admitted as a witness to the execution of

such wul or codicil, within the intent of the said Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Lefatee who person hath attested the execution of any will or codicil already made, has been paid,

or shall refuse his Legacy, admitted a Witness *

(1) R. see. Lees t>. Summersgill, 17 V esey, 508, that a personal bequest to a subscribing witness is void^although no attestation is necessary. . . . . vjC

You L’2II

After refusal hei s barred from the Legacy; but after acceptance, may retain.

Legatee attesting and dying' in the life-time of the Testator, or before he has received or refused his Legacy, admitted a Witness.

Credit of the Witness to be determined by the Court, Ac. c.

No Devisee where the Devise is made void, &c. being examined to the execution of the Will, hall afterwards take any benefit

don for the

Cases where the validity of Wills, and competency of Witnesses are not ejected.

Witts. [Part Itor shall attest the execution of any wiU or codicil which shall be made on or before the said twenty-fourth day of June in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, to whom any legacy or bequest is or shall be thereby given, whether charged upon lands tenements or hereditaments or not; ami such person before he shall give his testimony concerning the execution of any such will, or codicil shall have been paid, or have accepted or released, or shall have refused to accept such legacy or bequest upon tender made thereof; such person shall be admitted as a witness to the execution of such will or codicil, within the intent of the said Act, notwithstanding such legacy or bequest.

IV. Provided always and be it further enacted, That in case of such tender and refusal as aforesaid, such person shall in no wise be intitled to such legacy or bequest, but shall be for ever afterwards barred therefrom; ana in case of such acceptance as aforesaid, such person shall retain to his own use the legacy or bequest which shall love been so paid satisfied or accepted, notwithstanding such will or codicil shall afterwards be adjudged or determined to 1>e void for want of due execution, or for any other cause or defect whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case any such legatee as aforesaid, who hath attested the execution of any will or codicil already made, or shall attest the execution of any will or codicil which shall be made on or before the said twenty-fourth day of June in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, shall have died in the lifetime of the testator, or before he shall have received or released the legacy or bequest so given to him as aforesaid, and before he shall have refused to receive such legacy or bequest on tender made thereof, such legatee shall be deemed a legal witness to the execution of such will or codicil, within the intent of the said Act, notwithstanding such legacy or bequest.

VI. Provided always, That the credit of every such witness so attesting the execution of any will or codicil in any of the cases in this Act before mentioned, and all circumstances relating' thereto, shall be subject to the consideration and determination of the court and the jury before whom any such witness shall be examined, or his testimony or attestation made use of; or of the court of equity in which the testimony or attestation of any such witness shall, be made use of: in like manner to all intents and purposes as the credit of witnesses in all other cases ought to be considered of and determined.

VII. And be it iiirther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person to whom any beneficial estate interest rift or appointment shall be given or made, which is hereby enacted to be null and void as aforesaid, or who shall have refused to receive any such legacy or bequest on tender made as aforesaid, and who shall have been examined as a witness concerning the execution of such will or codicil, shall after he shall have been so examined, demand or take possession of or receive any pro• fits or benefit of or from any such estate interest gift or appointment so given or made to him, in or by any such will or codicil; or demand receive or accept from any person or persons whatsoever any such legacy or bequest, or any satisfaction or compensation for the same, in any manner or under any colour or pretence whatsoever.

VIII. Provided always and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this Act or any thing herein contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend to the case of any heir at law, or of any devisee in a prior will or codicil of the same testator, executed and attested according to the said recited Act, or any person claiming under them respectively, who has been in quiet possession for the space of two years next preceding the sixth day of May in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, as to such lands tenements and hereditaments, whereof he has been in quiet possession as aforesaid; and also that this Act or any thing herein contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend to any will or codicil, the validity or due execution whereof hath been contested in any suit in law or equity commenced by the heir of such devisor or the devisee in any such prior will or codicil, for recoverI Class XI.] 467

4 ing the lands tenements or hereditaments mentioned to be devised m . No. VEX

i any will or codicil so contested, or any part thereof, or for obtaining any q t j

b other uidgmen tor decree relative thereto, on or before the said sixth day AA ’

6 o tMay in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty- c *

t one, and which has been already determined in favour of such heir at

t law or devisee in such prior will or codicil, or any person claiming under

! them respectively, or which is still depending, and has been prosecuted

► with due diligence; but the validity of every such will or codicil, and

t the competency of the witnesses thereto, shall be adjudged and determined in the same manner to all intents and puposes as if this Act i had never been made; any thing herein before contained to the contrary

i thereof in any wise notwithstanding,

IX. Provided always nevertheless and it is hereby declared, That iu> Possessions possession of any heir at law or devisee in such prior will or codicil as which are not aforesaid, or of any person claiming under them respectively, which is comprehended consistent with or may be warranted by or under any will or codicil at- within the tested according to the true intent and meaning of this Act, or where meaning of the the estate descended or might have descended to such heir at law, till a Pjecemq* future or executory devise by virtue of any will or codicil attested ac- Clau8c* cording to this Act should or might take [effect, shall be deemed to be a possession within the intent and meaning of the clause herein last before contained.

X. And whereas in some of the British colonies or .plantations in America, the said Act of the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King Charles the Second has been received for law, or Acts of Assembly have been made, whereby the attestion and subscription of witnesses to devises of lands tenements and hereditaments have been required: ’

Therefore to prevent and avoid doubts which may arise in the said colo- This Act to ex-nies or plantations, in relation to the attestation of such devises of lands tend to such tenements and hereditaments, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, of the British That this Act and every clause matter and thing therein contained shall Colonies, where, extend to such of the said colonies and plantations where the said Act the Act of of the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King Charles the Second is by 29 Car. II. c. 3, Act of Assembly made, or by usage received as law, or where by Act of " received^&c* Assembly or usage the attestation and subscription of a witness or witnesses are made necessary to devises of lands tenements or hereditaments; and shall have the same force and effect in the construction of or for the avoiding of doubts upon the said Acts of Assembly and laws of the said colonies and plantations, as the same ought to have in the con* struction of or for the avoiding of doubts upon the said Act of the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King Charles the Second in England.

XI. Provided always, That as to cases arising in any of the sakf colonies or plantations in America, no such devise legacy or bequest as aforesaid shall be made null and void by virtue of this Act, unless the will or codicil whereby such devise legacy or beauest shall be given, shall be made after the first day of March which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three.

[No. IX.] 55 George III. c* 192.—An Aafc to remove certain Difficulties in the Disposition of Copyhold Estates by Will.*—[12tfc July 1815.]

OTIEREAS by the customs of certain manors, copyhold estates of such 55 G. IIL manors pass by the last will and testament of the copyhold tenants c. 192.

* A friend, to whom I had some time ago communicated my ideas upon the subjects mentioned in the preliminary note to the present title, applied to me to draw the present Act on behalf of the gentleman who had agreed to bring it forward. I wished the opportunity not to be lost of submith| tot he attention of the legislature the other

modifications of the law referred to in the above-mentioned note, but it was not thought expedient to include them in the intended Bill.

According to the draft which I submitted, the provision would have been general, as embrad* all copyhold and customary estates, with ref to such interests as a testator could by any

9HS

No. DL

55 Geo. HI. c. 192.

Dispositions by Will of Copy-hold Estates made effectual without previous surrenders to the

uses thereof.

Persons admitted under Testamentary Dispositions, to pay the like Fees, Ac. c. ss would here keen payable <s such surrenders.

This Act not to invalidate De-TiwrfCopjr-holds, Ac. c.

fFiUs. [Part H.

thereof declaring the uses of surrenders made for that puspose: And whereas much inconvenience has arisen from the necessity of making such surrenders: For remedy whereof, May k please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in all cases where by the custom of any manor in England or Ireland any copyhold tenant of such manor may by his or her last will and testament dispose of or appoint his or her copyhold tenements, the same having been surrendered to such uses as should be declared by such last wul and testament, every disposition or charge made or to be made by any such last will and testament by any person who shall die after the passing of this Act, of any such copyhold tenements, or of any right title or interest in or to the same, shall be as valid and effectual to all intents and purposes, although no surrender shall have been made to the use of the last will and testament of such person, as the same would have been if a surrender had been made to the use of such will:

II. Provided also and it is hereby further enacted, That no person entitled or claiming to be entitled to copyhold lands tenements or hereditaments, in consequence of any testamentary disposition, shall be entitled to be admitted to the same by virtue of any thing in this Act contained, except upon payment of all such stamp duties fees and sums of money as would have been lawfully due and payable in respect of the surrendering of such copyhold lands tenements or hereditaments to the use of such will, or in respect of the presenting registering or inrolling such surrender, bad the same lands tenements ana hereditaments been surrendered to the use of the wjtf of the person so disposing of the same; all such stamp duties fees or sums of money due as aforesaid to be paid in addition to the stamp dudes fees or sums of money due or payable on the admission of such person so entitled or claiming to be entitled to the same copyhold lands tenements or hereditaments and the stamp duties to be affixed to the copy of the admission.

III. Provided always and it is hereby enacted and declared. That

nothing in this Act contained shall be construed deemed or taken at law or in equity to render invalid or ineffectual any devise or disposition of any copyhold lands tenements or hereditaments, or of any right title or interest in or to copyhold lands tenements or hereditaments, which would be valid or effectual if this Act had not been made; or to render valid andL effectual any devise or disposition of any copyhold lands tenements or hereditaments, or of any right title or interest in or to any copyhold lands tenements or hereditaments, which would be invalid or ineffectual if a Surrender bad been made to the use of the last will and testament of the person attempting to dispose of the same by will; any thing herein before, contained to the contrary notwithstanding. '

of conveyance have disposed of; and I wished the testamentary power to have been subject to the general provisions of the Statute of Frauds, as one step towards that general uniformity in the mode of testamentary disposition, which I conceive would be attended with very important benefit to tile public.

It certainly would never have occurred to me, upon perusing the purview of the Act, to bars contemplated the necessity of the concluding proviso, or the possibility of any doubts being entertained of the nature of those which the proviso is calculated to obviate.

Class Xn.] 469

PART II.

CLASS XII.

Land Revenue of the Croivn.

TThis Subject is only introduced so far as the Statutes are connected with private Titles. The Acts relating to the Regulation of official Duties are only included so far as they affect the other object.]

[No. I.] 51 Henry III. stat. 4.-r-(The Statute De Dis-tricHone Scaccarrii.)—What Distress shall be taken for the King’s Debts, and how it shall be used.

" FORASMUCH as the commonalty of the realm hath sustained 51 h. III.

" A great damage by wrongful taking of distresses which have been g^t. 4.

tc made by sheriffs, and by other the King's bailiffs, for the King's debt, Owner u or for any other cause1 It is therefore provided and ordained, that

• when a sheriff, or any other man, doth take the beasts off other, they to cmje im-whom the beasts do belong may give them their feeding without dis- pounded, turbance (so long as they be impounded) without giving any thing for BraDistr. 72. their keeping. And that the beasts, nor no other distress taken for the 9 Ed. 4. f. 2. King's debt, nor for any other cause, be given ne sold within fifteen 5 Hen. 7. f. 9. days after the taking. And if any bring the tally of a payment made 21 Ed. 4. f. S3, in the Exchequer, the distress shall cease. And if he bring the tally of No Sale of Dis-any sheriff or bailiff of payment made to them of the thing demanded, tress within and will find pledges that he will appear in the Exchequer upon the fifteen days, next account to do as right shall require, then the distress shall cease.

And the sheriff or bailiff shall cause him to be attached that ought to

have acquitted him, that he appear upon the same account to do as

right shall require; and there snail have the names of the pledges. Yet

it is provided, that no man of religion, nor other, shall be distrained by 5*"*Jr*11

his beasts that gain his land, nor by his sheep, for the King's debt, nor rL

the debt of any other man, nor for any other cause, + by the King’s or Enforced by2ff

other bailiffs, but until they can find another distress, or chattels suffi- jy^ j stat. 3,

cient whereof they may levy the debt, or that is sufficient for the demand 12 *

(except impounding of beasts that a man findeth in his ground, damage Regist. 97. feasant, after the use and custom of the realm). And that such distresses Hast. 226. be reasonable, after the value of the debt or demand, and by the esti- Bro. Distress,

and have not acquitted the debtors thereof at the next account, shall Fit*. Brief, 662, be punished after the statutes made thereupon. And the King willeth, that all debts of summons of the Exchequer that the sheriff or bailiff " {" have confessed receipt, shall be allowed him forthwith: so that whether £• he received all the debt, or part, it shall never come more in demand gee j *u nor summons, after the sheriff hath confessed the receipt.’ 53

A Sheriff which receiveth the King's Debt, shall acquit the.Debtor. Enforced .by 3 Ed. I. which subjects Sheriffs offending to a Penalty of treble the receipt.

470 Land Revenue of the Grown. [Fart EL

No. I.

SI Hen. III. stat. 5.

51 Hen. III. st. 5.

When the King’s Bailiffs and Officers shall accompt.

Bailiffs of Franchises Accompt.

The Justices and Bailiffs of Chester’s accompt.

Sheriffs shaft keep the King’s Wards and Escheats.

Altered by 32 Hen. 6. c. 46, which esta* MMies the Court tff the King’s Words, and made obs. by 12 Car. 2. c. 24.

Three Surveyors.

Wards and Escheats let to Farm.

SherSEs Etches tors in other Shires.

51 Henry HI. stat. 5.—(De Scaccario.)—When the King's Fermors Sheriffs and Bailiffs shall make their Accompts and Payments. Who shall be Escheators in several Shires.

1 rFHE King coramandeth that all manner of bailiffs sheriffs and other 1 A officers, as well the justices of Chester and other bailiffs of these 1 counties, as other that be receivers of issues of wards of escheats of their bailiwicks shall be answerable in the Exchequer, and there shall make account to the treasurer and barons of the same place. And that all sheriffs fermors bailiffs of franchises and other, shall come to the Pro- fer in the Exchequer the Monday after the Feast of Saint Michael, and the Monday after the Utas of Paster, for to pay their ferms rents and issues belonging to die King, and f shall bring at the Jbresaid terms the Aforesaid ferms rents and issues due wholly into the Exchequer as. before is mentioned. And if they make default, their bodies shall remain without

* departing from thence, until they have paid or made agreement; and

* he that will not come at the terms aforesaid, shall be amerced after the custom of the Exchequer; and the sheriffs and bailiffs at the same terms shall bring and pay such money as they have received of the summons of the Exchequer and other the King’fe debts, and ahoD be prepared and ready to make fell accompt of the things aforesaid.

II. And that all bailiffs of franchises, which ought to levy the King's

* debts and be answerable to the sheriffs thereof, shall come and accompt

* sufficiently, according to the extre&ts of the summons of the Exchequer; and such so de not their bodies shall remain m ward of the sheriffs; and for default in them, the sheriffs shall cause the debts to be levied by their own bailiffs where they have power, as they have used to do m 4 time passed. And if the bailiffs do not come in at the day that the she-‘‘ riff snail give them knowledge, the sheriff shall enter into the name franchises, .and levy the debts with his own hand.

III. Concerning justices of Chester and bailiffs thereof, the King wilieth that they, or one of them, shall come at the Profer of St, Miekaa every year, when they ought to give account unto the King; and at the Profer of the Utas of Easter they shall come likewise, and brine in that which they owe to the King for that term; and the justices of Chester shall have day to accompt from year to year in quindena Patch*; and the bailiffs thereof the Morrow of Easter Utas. And that all sheriffs of England, except the*sheriffs of Westmoreland Lancaster Worcester Rut* land and CormcalL, shall from henceforth keep all such wards and «s-4 cheats that are not in other fees as belong to the King, which be within their shires; and of the issues thereof they shall be answerable in the Exchequer at the terms aforesaid; X and at their turns that they snake in their shires, they shall find office of other things which the Kings escheators have not used to find of that which belongeth unto the King, once or twice

* in the year, to as litUe grievance of the people as they can. And the 1 sheriffs sbaH seise the escheats that fall, to remain unto the King in lee, 4 and shall certify the King of them without delay.

* IV. And She King shall assign three able persons that shall go throughout the realm to survey and fold the wards and escheats afore *

* said, from year to year, when they shall think requisite. And the sheriffs by their counsel shall approve and let to form «r otherwise, such wards andascheats, as they shall think most for the King’s advantage.

V. Touching the five shires before named, the King will that the

* sheriff of Csunoerland shall execute the office of eecheator in the shines of Westmoreland and Lancaster; and the sheriff of Nottingham in Rut• The words in Italics not in the original, t For Shall bring at the aforesaid serais, Ac. c. read Shall come at the aforesaid terms, and abaft there bring In full the aforesaid forms rents and w and pay them into the Exchequer.

The meaning of this sentence seems to be

as follows: Aad at their taw which they make in their shires they shall be answerable for their offices, and for other things which the escheators used to do, and which belong to the escheat, ooce, Ac. c. N. B. What fallows in the ossu sentence tut ne dew up thii{N*p. by

Class XH] Lmdllewmeeftim

; and the sherif «f GAnceitor in Worcester; and the sheriff «f Ik-" i Coraiscl/; mad shtll safely keep the King his wards mad eseheats in the same shires, and shall be answerable in the Exchequer far the issues of fawn ms well as far their own shines. And the three able peraems aforesaid shall survey and extend such wards and escheats,

as well there as in other places, and those shall be approved by their conneeL And when the sheriffs do aoooompt for their counties, they shall aoooompt for such wards and escheats. And in like manner shall the justices of Chester do and their bailiffs also, every one for his bailiwick. And the said three able persons shall keep the King’s dc- means, and shall approve them as they shall think best for the King’s 4 advantage, and shall be answerable in the Exchequer for the issues:

4 And they shall have power to let forth small manors and demans to folk of the same places, or to other, according to their discretion, and shall let them to term from year to year as they shaH think moot to the King’s profit: And the fermors shall be chargeable for their forms unto foe principal approvers, and they unto the Exchequer the monow nest after the Ascension, from year to year.

VI. And the principal collectors of the 'custom of wools at the two Collectors of terms before mentioned, shall pay all such money as they have received the Custom of of the said custom, and shall make aoooompt from year to year dearly Wools *

4 of all parcels received in any of the ports or other places of the realm,

4 so that they shall answer for every snip where it was charged, and how much wool it carried, and for every other charge in the ship whereof custom is due, and for the whole receipt

VII. And the warden of the King's wardrobe shall make aoooompt Attempt of

4 yearly in the Exchequer in the feast of St. Margaret; and the treasurer the Keeper of and barons of the Exchequer shall be charged by oath, that they shall the Kinfs not attend to hear the pleas or matters of other men while they have to Wwdwte,

4 do with the King’s business, if it be not a matter that concerned! the Tbs JCfeg *

4 King's own debt. And when a sheriff or bailiff hath begun his accompt. Debt shall be none other shall be received to aoooompt, until he that was first appointed heard.

4 hath clearly accompted and his money received. And that the constable marshal chamberlain and other that are of fee in the Exchequer, from henceforth shall present unto the King such as they have put in their places to do their offices, which must be of good fame and sufficient, for whose acts themselves will answer.

VIII. And the King commandeth the treasurer and barons of the Deputy-OfiU ''Exchequer upon their allegiance and by the oath that they have made cen in the fat *

4 to him, that they shall not assign any in*their rooms but such as this chequer.

4 Act meaneth of, and that the Exchequer be not charged with more persons than is necessary. And that none of them that be sworn to the King, shall put in his room any other clerk or lay person, except he he sworn, without special licence of the treasurer; and if any be, he shall be forthwith removed from his office, and none other shall be received an his stead without the King’s licence. And if any that is received without the treasurer’s licence do trespass after, punishment shall be done as well to the assignor as to him that is assigned according to the trespass. And if both be unsufficient, their superior shall be punished,

4 whether he be officer of fee or other. And the treasurer shall put no other in his room until he hath commandment from the King. And if he that keepeth the room of another by licence of the treasurer doth any thing that he ought not to do, he shall be punished according to the trespass if he have whereof; and if he have not, he that put him in office shall be charged for his trespass; and if he that put him in office be not sufficient, his superior shall be charged, whether he be of fee or otherwise.

4IX. And they of the woolstaple shall make oath, that if any of them Of the Wool- may perceive that another doth commit any default offence or other staple is inserted thing t di»komeMt in the Office of the WooUtaplc, or that he hath done before, by mistake.

that they shall certify it to the treasurer, or to the barons, or to some t Not in thi of them, who shall cause it to be amended, or to foe King himself, if original.

4 med sequin. And that about th&feast of SuMargarat, before that the )OQ

472

No. I.

51 Hen. HL ' slat. 5.

The King's Officers that ought to accompt. Surveyors of the Bang's -Works.

t Of good men.

¥ Not in the

Extreats of Fines and Mer-ciaments shall be delivered in the Exchequer.

See 37 Ed. 3. c. 4, and X Rich.

Land Revenue of the Crown.

[Part II.

Exchequer be closed, they shall cause a search to be made, - whether any sheriff or bailiff that ought to have accompted the same year have not, and thereupon a remembrance in a roll shall be made by itself. And if it be a sheriff' his accompt shall be first heard after Michaelmas,

* before that any other be received to accompt: and if he be a bailiff, he shall be summoned or distrained to come at a certain day for to accompt,

so that no accompt shall be suffered to sleep. And forasmuch as sheriffs constables and other obtain many times outrageous allowances by pretence of the King’s works, and other things done and provided by

* his commandment; it is provided that all surveyors of the King’s works shall be chosen by the oath J of twelve men, and of such as are best skilled, and will and may attend best to that office; and that they be sufficient to answer the King if need be, and shall swear that they bear

lawful witness. And if the King or barons of the Exchequer have any suspicion of false allowances of charges or other things, the truth must be inquired; and he that is attainted shall answer to the King for as much as the allowance amounteth unto, and shall be imprisoned \\

* one year and forty days, and shall be punished at the King’s pleasure, and the surveyors shall be punished for their consent. Analike wise he that upon the accompt did-conceal and keep secret such things whereof

he ought to have charged himself, shall be punished in like wise as he

* that admitted such false allowances.

X. And that all the justices commissioners and other shall from henceforth deliver into the Exchequer, at the Feast of St. Michael from year to year, the extreats of fines and amerciaments made and taxed before them, and of all things wherefore the extreats are wont to be delivered there. And they of the Exchequer shall make extreats of the summons through all shares, saving that the extreats in the eyre of all pleas shall be delivered immediately after the eyre made. ’

2« c. 5, concerning the Duty of the Clerks of the Exchequer.

[No. II.] 52 Henry III. c. 15. (Statute of Marleberge.) —In what Places Distresses shall not be taken.

52 Hen. III. ‘TT shall be lawful for no man from henceforth for any manner of c. 15. cause, shall take distresses out of his fee, nor in the King’s highway,

8 Co. 60. nor *n common street, but only to the King or his officers naving

7 H. 7.1. special authority to do the same. ’

22Ed. 4. 49. Fitx.Bar. 281. Fit*. Trespass, 188. Fit*. Brief, 511, 842. Fitz. Avowry, 87, 232.

2 Inst. 133. Rut. 266. Regist. 98, 183. 9 Ed. 2. scat. 1. c. 9. 2 Inst. 131. Cro. EL 710.

[No. III.] 3 Edward I. c. 4. (Statute of Westminster, the First.)—What shall be adjudged Wreck of the Sea, and what not.

% Ed. I. c. 4. 5 Co. 106.

5 Ed. 3.

Bra Wreck. 21.

See 5 Bur. 2739.

CONCERNING wrecks of tli sea, it is agreed that where a man a dog or a cat escape quick out of the ship, that such ship nor b&rgc nor any thing within them shall be adjudged wreck: but the goods shall be saved and kept by view of the sheriff coroner or the King’s bailiff, and delivered + into the hands of such as are of the town where the goods were found; so that if any sue for those goods, and after prove that they were his, f or perished in his keeping within a year and a day, they shall be restored to him without delay; and if not they shall remain to the King, and be seised by the sheriffs coroners and bailiffs, and shall be delivered to them of the town, jvhich shall answer before^the justices of the wreck belonging to the King. And where wreck belongeth to another than to the King, he shall have it in like

• Not in the Original. t Read In.

Far That they were hie, or perished, Ac. c. read That they were hie or hie Lord’s, or periaktpl Ac. c.

Class XII.] . Land Revenue of the Crown. 473

manner. And he that otherwise doth and thereof be attainted, shall be No. III.

* awarded to prison and make fine at the King’s will, and shall yield 3 Ed T c 4 € damages also. And if a bailiff do it, and it be disallowed by the lord, t _ ,

* and the lord will not pretend any title thereunto, the bailiff shall an* swer if he have whereof; and if he have not whereof, the Lord shall Enforced by

r deliver his bailiff’s body to the King.’ 17 Ed. 2. st. 1.

c. 11. See 4 Ed. 1. sc. 2, de Officio Conmatoris. Altered by 12 Ann. scat. 2. c. 18. for preserving Ships and Goods stranded, &c.

[No. IV.] 28 Edward 1. stat. 3. c. 12. (Articiili super Chartas.)—What Distress shall be taken for the King’s Debt, and how it shall be used.

* pROM henceforth the King will, that such distresses as are to be 28 Ed. I. st. 3.

* taken for his debts shall not be made upon beasts of the plough, sox c. 12.

(long as a man may find any other, upon the same pain that is else- 4 H. 7. f. 8.

where ordained by statute, $c. And he will not that over-great dis- 2 Inst. 565.

* tresses shall be taken for his debts, nor driven too far; and if the 51 H. 3. st. 4 *

1 debtor can find able and convenient surety until a day before the day 52 H. 3. c. 4.

* limited to the sheriff, within which a man may purchase remedy or

1 agree for the demand, the distress shall be released in the mean time; Regkt. 97, 185.

* and he that otherwise doth shall be grievously punished.’ pi *, 235,

[No. V.] 17 Edward II. stat. 1. c. 8. (De Prerogativa

Regis.)—His Prerogative, that Lapse of Six Months shall not prejudice his Presentation.

1 Or churches being vacant the advowsohs whereof belong to the King, 17 Ed. II. st. 1.

* and other present to the same, whereupon debate anseth between c. 8.

* the King and other; if the King by award of the Court do recover his Bra p#rl g

* presentation, though it be after the lapse of six months from the time 214.

* of the avoidance, no time shall prejudice him, so that he present within the space of six months. ’

Cap. 9.—rHis Prerogative in the Custody Of Lands of Idiots.

* 'T'HE King shall have the custody of the lands of natural fools, taking B -

1 x the profits of them without waste or destruction, and shall find *

* them their necessaries of whose fee soever the lands be holden. And 2*h. 7. £ 3.

after the death of such idiots he shall render it to the right heirs, so 4 qJ j2

that such idiots shall not aliene, nor their heirs shall be disinherited.’ g Co. 70 *

1H.U 24. Dyer 302. Regfc. 266.

Cap. 10.—His Prerogative fn the Preservation of the Lands of Lunatics.

* A LS0 the King shall provide when any (that beforetime hath had his 4 Co. 127. i wjt axMj memory) happen to fail of his wit, as there are many per

lucida intervalla, that their lands and tenements Shall be safely kept

* without waste and destruction, and that they and their household shall live and be maintained competently with the profits of the same, and the residue besides their sustentation shall be kept to their use, to be

delivered unto them when they come to right mind; so that such lands r^ t 266.

9 and tenements shall in no wise be aliened within the time aforesaid; gee32 g

* and the King shall take nothing to his own use. And if the party die c for in such estate, then the residue shall be distributed for his soul, by the Ruction of

advice of the ordinary.’ Court of Wank 5 which waa taken away by 12 Car. 2. c. 24.

474 Land Revemte of the Crown. {TartIL

No. V. Cap. 11.—His Prerogative in having the Wreck of the [17 Ed. n. Sea, Whaks and Sturgeons.

Stat 1. < A LSO the King shall have wreck of the sea throughout die realm,

1 y —i <x*- whales and greet stuTgeons taken in the sea or elsewhere within

STCe. 106, 108. *e t«alm> except in certain places prhrileged by the King. '

1 H.V. t23. H H. 4. f. 16. 9 H. 7. f. 80. 35H.6.f.27.

Cap. 15.—His Prerogative, that Knights Fees Advowsons and Dowers do not pass from hian without special Words.

10 Co. 63. Dytr, 350. 2IL3.f.4,

41 Ed. 3. t 22. Fits. Quart impedkp 31, 40. Flu. Gird. 44.

* WHEN our Lord the King givoth or graatath land or a manor with 9 the appurtenances, without he make express mention in his deed

* or writing of knights fees, advowsons of churches, and dowers when 9 they fell, belonging to such manor or land, then at this day the King 9 reserved! to himself such fees advowsons ana dowers, albeit that among 9 other persons it hath been observed otherwise/

Flu. Liver, 7, 9. 2 Roll. 151.

2 Hi Sattsti I *

c.22.

Custom of Gloucester and Kent.

Stunt Prerog.

20, bw

tj 27 H. 8. c. 24, none but

Cap. 16.—-His Prerogative in having the Lands of Felons

attainted.

A LSO the King shah hove the goods of ail -felons attainted, and fugi-9 tives wheresoever they be found. And if they have freehold, then it Shall be forthwith taken into the King’s hands, and the King shall 9 have all profits of the same by one year and one day, and the land 9 shall be wasted and destroyed in the houses woods and gardens, and in 9 all manner of things belonging to the same land, excepting men of 9 certain places privileged by the King therefore. And after our Lord 9 the King hath had the year day and waste, then the land .shall be 9 restored to the chief lord of the same fee, unless that he fine before 9 with the King for the year, the day, and the waste. Nevertheless it is 9 used in the county of Gloucester by custom, that after one year and 9 one day the lands and tenements of felons shall revert and be restored 9 to the next heir, to whom it ought to have descended if the felony had 9 not been done. And in Kent, in Gavelkind, (The father to the bough, 9 the ton to the plough,) there all heirs males shall divide their inheritance, and likewise women; but women Shall not make partition with men.

* And a woman after the death of her husband shall be endowed of the

* moiety; and if she commit fornication in her widowhood, or take an 9 husband after, she shall lose her dower. ’

the Keg cm pardon Felonies, or make Justices.

1 Hen. IV. c. 6.

3 Co. 31.

32 H. 6.L2.J.

Co.Lk.133.4L

[No. VI.] 1 Henry IV. c. 6.—In a Petition to the King,

of Lands Offices, &c. the Value shall be, contained.

9 ITEM, To the intent that our said Lord the Kins in time to come 91 shall not be deceived in his grants or gifts annual, or in fee, or in any offices by him to be given made or granted, be will, by the assent 9 of the Lords Spiritual ana Temporal aforesaid, and at the request of the < said Commons, be counselled by the wise men of his council in things 9 touching the estate of him and of his realm, saving always his liberty.

9 Also he hath ordained and established by the assent aforesaid, That ml 9 they which from henceforth do demand of the King lands tenements 9 rents offices annuities, or any other profits, shall make express mention m their petitions of the value of the thing so to be demanded, and also 9 of that which they have had of the King’s gift, or of other his progeni-9 tors or predecessors before. And in case they make not such mention 9 in their said petitions, and that duly proved, the King’s letters pnts

Claw Jill.] Land Sevenueqf the Cromt.

1 thereof made shall not be available, nor of any force nor effect, hut wholly revoked repealed and admitted for ever; to the punishment of them which so have done deceit to the King, as they that be not worthy to enjoy the effect and benefit of the letters patents to them granted in this behalf. ’

Expounded by 2 H. 4. c. 2. Restrained by 6 H.4. c. 2.

No. VII.] 8 H«iy VI. c. 18.—By what Persons

Escbeators shall find an Office, and in what Time he shall certify it. A Patent madd <rf Lands seised upon an Inquest.

41 ITEM, To eschew die dolours grievances and disherisons which 8 H. VI. c/16. 44 daily do happen to many of the King’s liege people by the escbeators, Aii Escheator for that they take inquests to inquire before them, as well by virtue of a»ii tike no the King's writs as of their offices, favourably and not duly by people Inquest, but by not impanelled nor returned to them by the sheriffs of the counties, such Persons as; 44 and more often for their private gain, and for the disherison of the be returned by4 44 King’s liege people, than tor the profit of the same our Lord the King, the Sheriff and also for that the lands and tenements of many of the King’s liege R*i P* 315 *

people be seised into the King’s hands upon such inquests, or let to term by the chancellor or treasurer, before such inquests be returned 44 in the Chancery our Lord the King hath ordained by the authority of this present Parliament, that no escheator or commissioner take in any wise any inquest to inquire, but of people returned and ira- panelled by the sheriffs in the county within which be is escheator or commissioner. And if any escheator or commissioner take inquests of When Linds people, which be not impanelled nor returned by the sheriff as is afore- Jjaed said, and thereof by examination or otherwise at the suit of the party, "g

4 winch for himself or for the King, or any other person that will sue, jES *

4 be duly convict for every inquest so taken that he incur the pain and j* i, . i m Tm 4 forfeiture of xl. li. to be paid, that is to say, the one half to the King, H g. c.6.

4 and the other half to the party grieved, at whose suit he shall be con- Vict. And that no lands nor tenements seised into the hand of our Lord the King, upon such inquest taken before the escbeators'or commissioners, be not in any wise let or grantedto ferm by the Chancellor or Treasurer of England, or any other the King's officer, until the same inquests and verdicts be fully returned in the Chancery or in the Ex-4 chequer, but all such lands end tenements shall entirely and continually The Lands shall remain in the hands of our Lord the Kin *, until the said inquests and be let to ferm verdicts be returned, and by a month after the same return, if it be to that"

4 not so that he or they which feel them grieved by the same inquests, tendereth a 4 or putting out of their lands or tenements, come into the Chancery, ^ene *•

4 and proffer themselves to traverse the said inquests, and then offer to r? ,

4 quest, to hold until the issue taken upon the same traverse be found 35 Ed. 3. sl 1.

4 and discussed for the King or for the party finding sufficient surety to c# j3#

4 pursue the said traverse with effect, and to render and pay to our Lord the King the yearly value of the lands where the traverse shall be so taken, if it be discusseff for the King. And if any fetters patents of any of the lands or tenements be made to the contrary to any other person, or let to ferm within the said month, after the said month of return they shall be hokfen for none. And that the escbeators or com- Escheator* and missionary upon pain of the forfeiture of xx. li. to be paid, that is to Commissioners

shall return an Office ibend before them. 18 H. 6. c. 7.

• This Act and 18 H. VL c. 6, pest No. 9, ca the demise of the King in ejectment.—-Doe extend to the cam of land to which the Ciowa is w. Redforo, 18 East, 96, whme the subject is mtitfcd by escheat, and abotopmvaauecevsiiiig, very elaborately

476 Land Revenue of the Crown• [Part II.

No. VIL ' say, the one half to the King, and the other half to the party at whose 0, TV suit he shall be convict, return the inquests before them taken into the 8 Hen. iv. g chancery of our Lord the King, or into the Exchequer, within a c. 16. t month next after the taking of the same. And every man which will sue for the King shall have the suit in this behalf. Provided always, 4 That this statute begin and take effect and force in the Feast of Easter

4 next coming, and not before, to endure for-ever.

[18 Hen. VI.

c.l.

Row. f. 491. 20 H. 7. f. 8. DjflT) f» 133.

[No. VIII.] 18 Henry VI. c. 1.—Letters Patent shall

bear the Date of the King’s Warrant delivered into the Chancery.

THIRST, Whereas by suit made to the Kinghy divers persons, it hath u A been desired by their petitions to have offices ferms and other things of the gift and grant of the King by his gracious letters patents thereof to them to be made, desiring by the same petitions the same letters patents of the King to bear date at a certain day limited in the same, 44 the which day is often long before the King’s grant to them thereupon made have bom the same date, by reason whereof divers of the King’s " liege people having such offices fermes and other things of the gift or' 44 grant of the King by his gracious letters patents thereof to them long time before duly made, by such subtil imagination of such antedates 94 desired by such petitions, of such offices ferms and other things, often have been put out amoved and expelled, against right good conscience and reason* Our said Lord the king, willing to put out such imagi *

4 nations, by the advice and assent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal aforesaid, and at the special request of the said Commons, hath ordained by authority of the same Parliament, That of every warrant hereafter sent by the same our Lord the King, or his heirs, to the Chancellor of England for the time being, the day of the delivery of the same to the Chancellor shall be entered of record in the Chancery; and that the 1 Chancellor do cause letters patents to be made upon the same warrant,

4 bearing date the day of the said delivery in the Chancery, and not before in any wise; and if any letters patents be from henceforth made to the contrary, they shall be void frustrate and holden for none.

[No. IX.] 18 Henry VI. cap. 6.—No Lands shall he

granted by Letters Patents, until the King’s Title be found by Inquisition.

18 Hen VI. c. & 8H.6.C. 16.

2 Leon. 124, 185.

Goldsb. 21,

ITEM, Whereas in a Parliament holden at Westminster, the Morrow after St. Matthew the Apostle, the eighth year of the reign of our Lord the King that now is, among other things it was ordained, That no lands or tenements seised into the King's hand9 upon inquests taken before die.escheators or commissioners, shall not be granted nor let in any wise to ferm by the Chancellor or Treasurer of England, of any other the King’s officer, until the same inquests and verdicts be fully returned into the Chancery or into the Exchequer, but all such lands and tenements shall wholly and continually remain in the King’s hands, 44 until the said inquests and verdicts be returned, and by a month after the same return; if it be not so that he or they which feel themselves grieved by the same inquests, or put out of their lands or tenements, 44 come into the Chancery and offer themselves to traverse the said inquests, and offer themselves to take the same lands or tenements to ferm; and if they so do, that then the same lands and tenements shall be committed to them, if they shew good evidences proving their traverse to be true, according to the form of the statute made the six and thirtieth year of Edward the Third, to hold until the issue taken " upon the same traverse be found and discussed for the King, or for the party finding sufficient surety to pursue the said traverse with effect

Glass XII.] Land Revenue of the Crown. 477

and to yield and to pay to the King the yearly-value of the lands or No. IX.

" tenements, whereof the traverse shall be so taken, if it be adjudged for jr y *

n the King; and if any letters patents of any lands or tenements be made 1 n Lm

a to any other person to the contrary, or let to ferm within the said c *

month'of the return, they shall be void, and holden for none. The which good statute and ordinance divers persons devising to subvert, 36 Ed. 3. c. 13. 44 and by their subtility to serve as for no purpose, have sued to obtain such gifts and grants and ferms by the King's letters patents, before any inquisition or title found for the King of the same, pretending such gins and grants not comprised nor remedied by the said statute, not withstanding that it is in like mischief of the said statute." < Our said Bro. Office, 56. 4 Lord the King considering the premisses, and willing to provide due Fits. Gnat, 91. 4 remedy in this behalf, hath ordained by the authority aforesaid, that no Dyer, f. 146.

* letters patents shall be made to any person or persons of any lands or tenements, before inquisition of the King’s title in the same be found in the Chancery or in nis Exchequer returned, if the King’s title in the

* same be not found of record, nor within the month after the same return, if it be not to him or them which tender their traverses as afore

4 is said; and if any letters patents be made to the contrary, they shall be Mitch, 84.

* void, and holden for none.' (1) 1 8*c* 1° *

(1) This Statute and that of 8 Hen. 6. c. 16, immediate tenure of the crown was formed fay extend to the case of an escheat upon the death the inquest. Doe d. Hayne ft Rex »• Redfenr, of the tenant last seised without heirs, where no 12 East, 96.

[No. X.] 18 Henry VI. c. 7-—In what Time an Escheator shall return an Office found before him.

4 ITEM, It is ordained by the authority aforesaid, That in case that any 4 A escheator take any office before him, and return not the same office in the Chancery, or in the King's Exchequer, in the month after the taking the same, he shall incur the pun of xl. li. which he hath forfeited by the statute made the eighth year of our said Lord the King; and

• also he shall be charged to pay to the same our Lord the King as much

* as he is indamaged in respect of not returning of such office; and that die Chancellor of England call to him the Treasurer of England in letting such ferms, to make due execution of the said statute made in the said eighth year. '

[No. XI.] 1 Henry VIII. c. 8.—The Act of Escheators

and Commissioners.

FORASMUCH as divers of the King’s subjects lately have been sore l H. VIII.

4 A hurt troubled and some disherited by escheators and commissioners c.8.

4 causing untrue offices to be found, and sometime returning into the courts of record offices and inquisitions that were never found, and sometimes changing the matter of the offices that were truly found, to the great; hurt trouble and dishersion of the King’s true subjects, that like before time hath not been seen in this realmWherefore be it ordained established and enacted in this present Parliament and by authority of the same, That if any escheator or commissioner hereafter No Office return or put into any of the King’s Courts any inquisitions or offices be returned but concerning lands tenements or other hereditaments, not found nor pre- which ii found sen ted by the oaths of twelve men, and indented, and by them sealed, by a Jury, that then the same escheator or commissioner forfeit for every such office Or inquisition so returned, and put into any of the said courts, an C. li. to the party or parties grieved by any such inquisition or office: And that Whtt land an from henceforth no escheator, ne no man sit by virtue of any com mis- Escheator or sion, to inquire of lands tenements or other hereditaments, except he, or CommUkme other to his use, have lands tenements or hereditaments, of the yearly must hav«r value of xl. marks, above all charges and reprises, upon p^in of p(5o(

18 Hen. VT.

c. 7.

8H.&C.16.

1

The Escheator 1 ah in an

What Lands tboae Jurats must hare.

2sSr *

Counaarpm

an Office found, and leave it with the first

458 Land Revenue of the Crown. [Part H.

No. XL And that it shall be lawful for all persons that be apt sufficient of freehold 1 Hen Till P0*81*00 w use at the time of any such commission to them dehvereci, 1 n q ' refuse to sit and ioouire by virtue of the same commission.

31. And that they, upon process made against them out of the King's

Exchequer by virtue of the same commissions, to be discharged upon £.eir oaths for their said nonsuffieiency without fine or fee.

III. And that every escheator and commissioner shall sit in convenient and open places, according to the statutes heretofore made: And that the

open place, and escheators and commissioners shall suffer every person to give evi-tuffcr every dence openly m their presence, to such inquest as shall be taken before Pfenon to giv* m7 mem, upon pain of xl. li.

Evidence. 34 Ed. 3. c. 13. 36 Ed. 3. c. 13. 23 H. 6. c. 17.

IV. And that no sheriff, nor other person, which shall or ought to return writs or precepts, return before escheators or such roMiiwmnrrs any person or persons to inquire of any hunk or tenements, except every of the same jury so returned, or other to their use, have lands or tone* masts of the yearly value of xl. s. within the same shire where the same inquiry shall be made, without fraud or collusion, above all charges and reprises, upon pain of forfeiture for every person so returned C. i. And that the jury that shall be sworn before any escheator or such commissioner, to inquire of lands tenements or other hereditaments, shall receive the counterpane of the office or inquisition that by them shall be presented indented and sealed by the escheator or by such commiassoMr, and the same deliver and suffer to rest in the possession of the first person that shall be sworn in the said jury, with nim to remain, to the intent that the said commissioner or escheator may not change nor imbesil the said offices or inauisitions; and this to he done upon pain of every of the said persons that shall be sworn xx. t. And that every escheator and commissioner, (after a jury or inquest before any of theca sworn, be ready to give their verdict or presentment, and offer to present the same) that the said escheator or commissioners, or part of them> shall receive the same verdict without further delay, upon pain of C. Ik and deliver the counterpane of the indenture to the jury, in form above rehearsed, upon like pain. And that if the clerk of the petit bag of the King’s Chancery for the time being, or his deputy or deputies, or any other officer there, having authority to receive any such office or inmnsi-tion, to whose hands any such office or inquisition /shall twee, which ought to be returned into the said chancery, will not receive the seine office or inquisition, and put k on the files to remain of record, wttiun three days after it be received or offered to him to be received, he to forfeit for every such default xl. IL Aad the commissioners or esdieator before whom the same office or inquisition is found, (and as is aforesaid) offered to be delivered into the Chancery to be discharged of the penalty of xL li. limited by statute for non-returning of the same office or inquisition within the month; and that the like law and penalty be to chaxge the officer or officers of the King's Exchequer for the time being, which ought to receive inquisitions or offices returnable into the same Richer quer, for refusing so to receive them; and that the commissioners ow escheator, before whom the said inquisitions or offices be found, bn discharged of the penalty of the statute for non-returning of the same inquisitions or offices, so that then the said escheator or commissioners, at any time after the month of any such offices before them or any of them taken, within another month then neat ensuing, return the said office into the Chancery or Exchequer, as the cause shall require; and that the said clerk of the petit bag for the time being certify, or cause to be certified, the transcript of every such office or inquisition, taken before any commissioners or escheator, to the King’s Exchequer the next term following; the receipt thereof, upon pain of forfeiture for every such default C.«. And that no man be compelled, after the Feast of Au Saint* next coming, to occupy nor exercise the office of an escheator by any one patent over one whole year; and that he that is once escheator shall not be made escheator again within three years after the foresaid whole year

* L.

Office found by the Juiy.

An Officer of the Chancery must receive

found offered Unto him, and put it an the files.

Dyer, f. 170.

8 H. 6. c. 16. 18 H. 6. c. 7. Officers of the Exchequer mint receive Offices found and ten-I unto

13 Ed. 4. c. 8.

Albaretipeof an Office uall be certified into the Exchequer* None dull be

ayei

479 No. XL 1 Hen. VIII. 8 *

c.

Class XlL] Land Revenue of the Grown.

tended. And if any escheator after the Feast of All Saints be made eschea-tor, or exercise his office, by reason of one patent over the time of one whole year ended, or be 'made escheator within three years after, as is aforesaid, that then after the said whole year in form aforesaid ended,

his patent so made to be void and of none effect; and that the party or parties so grieved shall have his or their recovery of every the said for- The Penalties feitures of one C. /i. by action of debt, in which action the defendant shall of Offend-not wage his law, nor be by protection nor essoign, &c. And the residue eT*’11a"d wh? of the other forfeitures expressed in this present Act, the King shall have -hav5 *he the one moiety thereof, and the party that will sue therefore by action of "JP debt the other moiety; and the defendant shall have no other delay but w 1

as is aforesaid.

V. Provided alway, That this Act concerning e9cheators for exercising Who may be of their office over an whole year together, and the letters patents or Eadieatom grants made or to be made by any escheator for term of life, or for years, akov* one year, or otherwise, extend not ne be prejudicial to any escheator that now is, what and that hereafter shall be made and ordained in any city or town corporate, or in the duchies of Lancaster Cornwall and the counties palatines of Lancaster Chester Durham or Efy, or to any other county palatine within the realm of England Wales or the marches of the same; or to any escheator marie or hereafter to he made, by any person or persons spiritual or temporal, having authority by reason of any franchises liberties privileges prescriptions or grant, to depute or make.any such escheator in the same.

VI. Provided also, That this Act, as to any penalty in the same concerning the sufficiency of escheators and jurors aforesaid, extend not, nor be prejudicial to any escheator in bity or towns corporate, ne to any other escheator made or hereafter to be made, by any person or persons having privilege to make escheators for inquisitions ot lands tenements or hereditaments, ne to any sheriff or bailiff for returning in any panel any person or persons before any of the said escheators, of les9 value than is *ce#8arJ' contained m the said Act; the escheator of the county palatine of Lancaster and Chester in this proviso qnly foreprised and excepted.

VII. Provided al«o, That this Act extend not nor be prejudicial to any Justices of

justices of the peace, for any thing done concerning the commission of Peace shall not the peace. be prejudiced by this Act *

VIII. Provided also, That nothing penal contained in this present Act Confirmed and

take effect before* the Feast of Easter next coming, and this Act to endure made perpetual to the next Parliament. by 3 H. c, 2.

In what placet the foresaid sufficiency of freehold in Escheators or Jurors is not

[No. XII.] 1 Henry VIII. c. 10.—An Act to enlarge a Statute tor the Traverse of Lands seised in the King’s Hands before Escheators.

* IJWHEREAS by a Statute made the eighth year of the reign of King

* Henry the Sixth, it is ordained among other things, that no lands 1 and tenements seised into the King’s hands upon inquests taken afore

* the escheator or commissioners shall in no wise be let or granted to

* ferm by the Chancellor of England, or any other officer of the King’s, whatsoever he be, till the same inquests and verdicts be returned plainly 1 into the Chancery, or into the Exchequer; but that all such lands ana tenements shall abide wholly and continually in the King’s hands, until

* the same inquests and verdicts be returned, but it be so. That he or they that be grieved by the same inquests or put out of their lands and tenements come into the Chancery, and offer to traverse the same inquests, 1 and offer to take the same lands and tenements to ferm; and if they do

* so, then the same lands and tenements be committed unto them, if they shew good evidence proving their traverse to be true, and find *. surety after the form of the said statute, as in the same statute more at

* large appeareth.

II. And' notwithstanding the said statute, divers escheators and

1 H. VIII. c. 10.

8 H. 6. c. 16.

480 Land Revenue of the Crown. [Part 1L

No. XII. 1 Commissioners, which have taken such inquests after the death of the i 14 vilT King's subjects, of their covin, to die intent to put them that had cause 1 wen. \ ill. t of travcrse to the verdicts of the said inquests from the ferm of the c. 10. t premisses, would in the time of vacation put into the Chancery or into the Exchequer their said office by them taken, because the month

* should pass before the beginning of the term next ensuing, by reasoa whereof, they that should of right have the ferm upon their traverse

* according to the true intent of the said statute, were put from the same ferms contrary to right and good conscience. ’

Lands seised III. For remedy whereof be it ordained enacted and established by into the King's 4 authority of this present Parliament, That from henceforth, after such hands upon an office found afore any escheator or commissioner, and put into Chancery Inquest of Of- or the Exchequer, if any person or persons which will tender a traverse, fice, shall be to the said office, and desireth to nave the lands contained in the same J* to.fcrm office to ferm, and findeth surety, and sheweth evidence to the Omnium that ten- ceHoj. of England for the time being, according to the statute afore verse to*th?" rehearsed, come into the Chancery within three months next after the same within office so put into the Chancery or. Exchequer, that he be then by

three months *h Chancellor thereto admitted; and that then all other patents or 36 Ed. 3. c. 13. grants hereafter to be made thereof within the said three months ended, <8 H. 6. c. J6. be void and of none effect; the said statute made the eighth year of the 18 H.6. c. 6, 7. reign of King Henry the Sixth, or any other statute made to the contrary notwithstanding.

[No. XIII.] 27 Henry VIII. c. 28.—All Monasteries given to the King, which have not Lands above Two Hundred Pounds by the Year.

[No. XIV.] 31 Henry VIII. c. 13.—An Act for Dissolu-. tiou of Monasteries and Abbies.

[No. XV.] 32 Henry VIII. c. 20.—Concerning Privileges and Franchises.

32 H. VIII. 1 YVHEUE divers and sundry sites circuits and precincts of late monas-c. 20. teries abbathies priories nunneries colleges hospitals and other

Co* pi f 440 *cd«»iastica! and religious houses and pieces, and divers honours castles

£4& ' manors messuages lands tenements liberties privileges franchises and

4 other hereditaments, by divers and sundry statutes heretofore made been assigned limited and appointed to the order rule survey and

* governance of the court of our Sovereign Lord the King called the Court of Augmentations of the Revenues of his Crown, and of the chanoellor officer; and ministers of the same, by the which statutes it is not fully plainly nor expressly declared or rehearsed, how and in what wise and by what special officers and ministers the liberties privileges and franchises, which the late owners of the same sites circuits precincts honours castles manors messuages lands tenements and other the pre* mises had used and exercised, should be ordered used exercised and put The same Fran- 4 m execution:' Be it therefore enacted by the King our Sovereign Lord, thises that the with the assent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and of the Coni-late Owners of mons of this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the Religions same, That all and singular the same liberties franchises privileges and

* »?* k temporal jurisdictions, which the said late owners had used and exercised WIt h *^5* lawfully by themselves, or by their officers or ministers, or .night have ^ttawore ll5edCr exercised within three months next before that the said sites turns shauTbc* c, rcuits precincts honours castles manors messuages lands tenement* revived and be am* ot*ier the premisses, came to the possession of the King’s Highness, actually in the L, hall be by virtue of this present Act revived, and be really and actually King, and in the survey of the Court of Augmentations. Moor, 297. IC

Class XII.] Land Revenue of the Crown. 481

in the King’s Highness his heirs and successors, and Shall be in the No. XV. rule order survey and governance of the King*s said Court of. Augmen- go u VIII tations of the Revenues of his Crown, and of the chancellor officers *

and ministers of the same; and that the same liberties franchises privileges and temporal jurisdictions, and all manner fines issues amercia-ments, and other profits and commodities of what kinds or natures soever they be, coming growing or rising by reason or occasion of them, or any of them, shall be used exercised anu occupied to all intents purposes conditions and respects, and shall be claimed levied collected and taken by such stewards bailiffs and other officers and ministers as shall please the King's Highness to name and appoint, in like manner form fashion and condition as they or any of them were lawfully used exercised executed claimed levied collected and taken, before that they came to the hands and possession of our said Sovereign Lord; and that the same stewards bailiffs officers and ministers shall be accomptant for the issues and revenues of their bailiwicks and offices, and shall oe compelled to account in the said Court of Augmentations, like as the King’s receivers or other officers accomptants in the said Court heretofore have done or ought to do.

II. And where also divers and sundry sites circuits and precincts of late monasteries abbies priories nunneries colleges hospitals and other ecclesiastical and religious houses and places, and also divers honours castles manors messuages lands tenements liberties privileges franchises

* and other hereditaments, which been comen to the King’s hands by attainder or attainders of high treason, been assigned limited and appointed to the order rule survey and governance of the King’s general surveyors; and forasmuch as it is not fully plainly nor expressly Known or declared how and in what wise and by what special officers or ministers the temporal liberties privileges franchises and temporal jurisdic- dons, which the late owners of the said sites circuits precincts honours castles manors messuages lands tenements and other the premises had

* used and exercised, should be ordered used and put in executionBe

it therefore enacted by authority aforesaid, That all and singular the --same liberties franchises privileges and temporal jurisdictions, which the thelato late owners of the said sites circuits precincts honours castles manors and Abbies which ether the premises, which been come into the King's hands by attainders, carae tjlc as is aforesaid, lawfully had used and exercised by themselves or by King by at-their officers or ministers, or which they might have used or exercised tainder, shall be within three months next before that the same sites circuits precincts in the Order ot honours castles manors and other the premises came to the possession the General of the King’s Highness, shall be by virtue of this Act revived, and be Surveyor *, really and actually in the King’s Highness his heirs and successors, and shall be in the rule order survey and governance of the King’s said general surveyors, and of the officers ana ministers of the same; and that the same liberties franchises privileges and temporal jurisdictions, and all manner of fines issues amerciaments, and other profits and commodities of what kinds or natures soever they be, coming growing or rising by reason or occasion of them or any of them, shall be usea exercised and executed to all intents purposes conditions and respects, and shall be claimed levied collected and taken by such stewards bailiffs and other officers and ministers as shall please the King’s Highness to name and appoint for the same, in like manner form fashion and condition as they or any of them were used exercised executed claimed levied collected and taken before they came to the hands and possession of our said Sovereign Lord by attainder, as is aforesaid; and that the said stewards bailiffs officers and ministers thereof shall be accomptant for the issues and revenues of their bailiwicks and offices, and shall be compelled to account before the said general surveyors, as other officers accomptants in that court heretofore have done or ought to do.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said The lurisdic-stewards bailiffs and other officers and ministers shall be attendant and ^Qn Jf obedient to all other the King’s courts, as well for all executions and re* stewards and

Baffin* of those liberties that were late the Abbeys, &c. tad their attSnlinc^ to the Kiss’s Court#


m

No .xv. 3* h. vra.

c. 90.

Every Person may use such

Land Revenue of the Crown. [ftrtff,

turns of writs^ warrants and precepts, as for their personal appearances and other duties of their offices, like as the officers and ministers of the said late owners did and ought to do, or should have done, by reason of their said several offices, before that the same liberties privileges and temporal jurisdictions did con e to the possession of our said Sovereign Lord, and that to be done and observed upon all pains and penalties by the laws of this realm limited and ordained for any offence or default in the same: And that no sheriff under-sheriff nor other officer or minister of any sheriff, or other foreign officer or minister, shall in any wise intromit or meddle in with or upon any of the premises, otherwise or in any other manner, nor for any other cause, than they or any of them law:* fully might have done before the same premises did come to the possession of our said Sovereign Lord.

IV. Provided always and be it enacted, That all and singular .persons' and bodies politick, and the heirs successors and assigns of every of them, .

liberties, as he shall have hold and enjoy, use execute and exercise, as well by themselves

hath by the King's Grants or otherwise.

Saving to all Persons their Offices Fees Annuities and Profits out of any of the Lands or any Abbeys, Ac. c.

Deeds may be

inrolled in the Court of Augmentations to the King.

their officers servants and ministers, as by and for their tenants farmers and resiants, all and singular liberties privileges and franchises, which they or any of them now have by or from the King’s Majesty by any -letters patents indentures writings under any his Highness’ seals, or by-authority of Parliament or otherwise, or by the lawful grant or lease of any person or persons, or by any other means or lawful title, in as large ample and beneficial manner, to all intents respects and purposes, as they, or any of them now have or of right ought to have, die said liberties franchises and privileges, or any of them, and as though this Act bad never been had ne made: any thing above written notwithstanding, the privileges of sanctuaries church church-yards or cemeteries for tuitioo of transgressors and offenders only excepted; saving to all and singular persons and bodies politick, and the heirs successors and assigns of every of them, all such office and offices fees annuities profits and commodities, which they or any of them now have or of right ought to have in or upon or by reason of the said sites circuits precincts castles honours manors messuages lands tenements liberties franchises privileges and other the premises, or in any part or parcel of them, in as large and ample manner form fashion and condition, to all respects and purposes, as if this Act had never been had nor made; any thing in this Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

V. And furthermore be it enacted by the authority of this present Parliament, That the chancellor of the said Court of Augmentations now being, and every of his successors, being chancellor of that court and the King’s general attorney, and his Grace's attorney of the said Court of Augmentations for the time being, and every of them and their successors, and the successors of every of them, shall have full power and authority by virtue of this Act to take to the use of the King our Sovereign Lord his heirs and successors, knowledges of all manner of concorus for fines thereupon to be had and recorded in the oourt of our said Sovereign Lord the King, and of his heirs and successors, commonly called the Common Place, of and upon all and singular manors lordships lands tenements and other hereditaments, being and which by reason of those fines or otherwise shall be under the order rule or survey of the said Court of Augmentations, without any fine or fee to be paid for the same; and that the judges and justices for the time being of the 9aid court called the Common Place and their successors, shall accept receive and allow all the said knowledges of concords by the said chancellor and attorneys or any of them, to be certified and delivered unto the said court called the Common Place.

VI. And the same to be as effectual in the law to all intents and purpose, as if the same knowledges of concords had been made taken or acknowledged before the chief judge of the said Common Place out of the same court, or openly in that court; and also that the said chancellor and attorneys for the time being, and every of them, and the successors of every of them, shall have full potoer and authority to take knowledge for inrollments of all deeds made or to be made to the use of £he King

doss XQ.] Land Revenue of Crown *

ear Sovereign Lord his heirs and successors, of any manors lands and No. XV. tenements, and of all obligations to be made to the Ring his heirs and _ o' \rTTT ' successors, or to any other person or persons to the use of the King his

heirs and successors, lor any matter or cause concerning the said Court c> "• of Augmentations, or concerning the said manors lands and tenements, without any fee gift or reward by them or any of them to be taken there- Inrollments in fare: And the same deeds so knowledged to be inroHed or registered in the Court of the said Court of Augmentations, and so being there inrolled or regis- Augmentation* tered among other records there remaining, and the inrollments and re- of I>eeds gistriags ofhe same to stand and be of record, ami of as good strength made *° th and effect as if the same were or had been knowledged before any other J^f ° *

judge or justice of record, and inrolled in any other court of record. King, mki of *a

VIL Provided alway and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, obb8lttolie» That in all such of the said liberties franchises and places privileged, and The Kim’s Of-in every of them Limited to the said Court of Augmentations and to the ficers "*7 ^CCP Surveyor’s Court, wheresoever the King’s Highness in his own most Court wrthm royal person shall come to rest tarry abide or make his repose within *.^ei?e, ?nd this his realm or any of his dominions, within liberty and without, there T* and within the verge limited and accustomed to his Grace’s court during onJy execute the time of his abode, the steward or great master of his Grace’s house- his’Office hold, the marshal coroner clerk of the market, ami all other his minis- tfaie. ters, shall and may keep their courts for justice, and exercise their office 27 H. 8. c. 2. and offices, as shall appertain to them according to the laws customs and statutes of this realm, as well within liberties and franchises as without:

And that his Grace’s clerks of the market, and none other, during the same time, as well within the said liberties and franchises as without, shall exercise the office of clerks of the market within the said verge; any privilege grant allowance or other thing to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided ahvay, That this article next above rehearsed, or any The liberty of thing therein contained, be not in any wise prejudicial to the city of the City of London, but that the same city shall have and use such liberties as they London re-might if that article had never been had ne made. served.

4IX. And where also the sites circuits and precincts of the late monastery of Tunc *, and of the late monasteries and priories of Cartemefe

* Coningshtad Burscongk and Holland; and also divers honours castles

* manors messuages lands tenements liberties privileges franchises and other hereditaments, late parcel and appertaining to the said late monasteries and priories, or to any of them, which been comen into die King’s hands, been assigned limited and appointed to the order rule

* survey and governance of the chancellor officers and ministers of the county palatine and duchy of Lancaster: And forasmuch as it is not fully plainly nor expressly known or declared, how and in what wise and by what special officers and ministers the temporal liberties privileges franchises and temporal jurisdictions, which the late owners of the

* said sites circuits precincts honours castles manors messuages lands tenements and other the premises had used or exercised, should be ordered used and put in execution/

X. Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and singular the same liberties franchises privileges and temporal jurisdictions, which the said late owners of the said sites circuits precincts honours castles manors and other the premisses, lawfully had used and exercised by themselves, or by their officers or ministers, or which they might have used or exercised within three months next before the same sites circuits precincts honours castles manors and other the premisses, came to the possession of the King’s Highness, shall be by virtue of this Act revived and be really and actually in the King’s Highness his heirs and successors, and shall be for ever in the rule order survey and governance of the said chancellor officers and ministers of the said county palatine and duchy of Lancaster:And that the same liberties franchises privileges and temporal jurisdictions, and all manner of fines issues amerciaments and other profits and commodities of what kinds or nature soever they I^q coming growing or rising by reason or occasion of them or any of them,

2 18

The Leals of

certain late Monasteries of Friers, &c. shall be in the Government of the Officers of the Duchy.

484

No. XV.

32 H. vm.

c. 20.

The Stewsrds and Bailiffs of thou Liberties shall be attendant on the King's Courts.

The Sheriff or other Officer* shall not meddle within those liberties.

This Statute shall not diminish the Liberties of any Lands'being Parcel of the Duchy of Lancaster.

The Liberties of the Fire Ports reserved. 1 M. Sets. 2, c. 10.

7 Ed. 6. c. 2.

dissolving and new erecting of Courts.

Land Revenue of the Xbmm* [PtttIL

shall be used exercised and executed, to all purposes intents conditions and respects, and shall be claimed levied collected and taken fay such stewards bailiffs and other officers and ministers, as shall please the King’s Highness to name and appoint for the same, in like manner form and condition as they or any of them were used exercised executed claimed levied collected and taken before they came to the hands and possession of our said Sovereign Lord: And that the said stewards beiMs officers and ministers shall be compelled to accompt for the same befae the said chancellor officers and ministers of the said county palatine and duchy of Lancaster, as other officers and aoooomptants in the court of the said duchy heretofore have done, or owe to do.

XI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said stewards bailiffs and other officers and ministers shall be attendant and obedient to all other the King’s courts, as well for all executions and returns of writs warrants ami precepts, as for personal appearances and other duties of their offices, lilte as the officers and ministers of the said late owners did or ought to do, or should have done, by reason of their said several offices, before that the same liberties privileges and temporal jurisdictions did come to the possession of our said Sovereign Lord: and that to be done and observed upon all pains and penalties by the laws of this realm limited and ordained for any offence or default m the same: And that no sheriff under-sheriff or other officer, or minister of any sheriff *, or other foreign officer or minister, shall in any arise intromit or meddle in with or upon any of the premisses, otherwise or in any other manner or for any other cause, than they or any of them might lawfully have done before the said premisses did come to the possession of oar said Sovereign Lord.

XII. Provided always, That this Act nor any thing therein contained, shall in any wise extend to abrogate adnul diminish nor to take away any liberties franchises privileges jurisdictions royalties, or any other profits commodities and advantages whatsoever they be, belonging or in any wise appertaining to any the King’s castles honours manors hods tenements or other his possessions of his said county palatine of Lancaster and duchy of Lancaster, or of either of them; but mat all such liberties franchises privileges jurisdictions royalties, and all other such profits commodities and advantages whatsoever they be, shall be received taken and answered to the King’s Highness his heirs and successors, by the chancellor officer and ministers of the said county palatine of Lancaster and duchy of Lancaster, and either of them, as heretofore hath been used and done at any time before the fourth day of February, in the seven and twentieth year of his most noble reign; any thing matter or clause in this Act contained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided always, That this Act or any thing therein contained, do not extend to disannul or be hurtful to any of the liberties or privileges of the cinque ports or the members of the same; but that they and every of them shall enjoy possess and have all and singular liberties customs and grants to them granted heretofore by the roost/famous Prince of memory King Edward the Fourth, and other his noble progenitors, confirmed by our Sovereign Lord the King’s Majesty that now is, in like manner and form as though this Act had never been had ne made.

[No. XVI.] 34 & 35 Henry VIII. c. 19.—An Act for the Payment of Pensions granted out of the late Abbies.

[No. XVII.] 34 & 35 Henry VIII. c. 21.—An Act for the Confirmation of Lands obtained by the King's Majesty by Exchange or otherwise of his Grace's Subjects, or by his said Subjects of his Highness, notwithstanding the Misrecital either of Name Place orQW)td^Tc

Class XII.] Land Revenue of the Crown. 486

yf

-C

; *

; >

[No. XVIII.] I Edward VI. c. 14.—The Act for Chantries Collegiate.

No. XVIII. 1 Edw. VI. c. 14.

[No. XIX.] 2 & 3 Edward VI. c. 8.—An Act for finding of Offices before Escheators.

9 INHERE many and divers persons bolding or that have holden lands

* f tenements or hereditaments, some for term of years, and some by 9 copy of court-roll, have been ex pulsed and put out of their terms and Howr °fficea 9 holds, by reason of inquisitions or offices founden before escheators BOme

* commissioners and other, containing tenures of the King in Capite, inti- fjj"1 be found

* tuling the King to the wardship or custody of such lands or tenements, bffore E*"

* and sometime intituling the King to the same upon attainders of treason i2Car2. c 24. 9 felony or otherwise, by reason that Such leases for term of years or Lessees for *

* interest by copy of court-roll of such persons have not been found in yearg or Copy* such inquisitions or offices: After which expulsion or putting out, the h0Ulen being said persons have been w ithout remedy for the obtaining of the said put forth of

* Fcrmcs and holds, during the King's possession therein; and can have possession by

* no traverse, Monstrans de droit, ne other remedy for the same, because the King, by 9their said interest is but a chattel in the law or a customary hold, and the Common

2 & 3 Ed. VI. c. 8.

9 no estate of freehold.

Law have no remedy.

9 II. And also where any person or persons hath any rent common '9 office fee or other profit apprendre, of any estate of freehold or for years 9 or otherwise, out ot such lands or tenements specified in such offices or 9 inquisitions, the said rent common office fee or profit apprendre not 9 found in the same office or offices, such persons are in like mahner 9 without remedy to obtain or have the said rent common office fee or 9 profit apprendre by any traverse or other speedy mean, without great 9 and excessive charges, during the King's interest therein by force of 9 such inquisition or office.

III. For remedy whereof be it enacted by authority of this present Parliament, That where any such office or inquisition is or snail be founden, omitting such titles interests or matters as is aforesaid, that in all such cases every lessee tenant for term of years or copyholder, and every such person or persons that have or shall have any interest to any rent common or profit apprendre, for term of years life or otherwise, out of any of the lands tenements or hereditaments contained in such office or inquisition, where the King his heirs or successors is or shall be intituled, as is aforesaid, to any such lands tenements or hereditaments, shall have hold enjoy and perceive all and every their leases and interests for term of years, or by copy of court-roll rents commons offices fees and profit apprendre, in such manner form state and condition as they and every oi them should or might have done in case there had been no such office or inquisition founden, and as they should or lawfully might or ought to have done in case such lease interest by copy of-court-roll rent common office fee or profit apprendre had been found in such office or inquisition; any law cub tom or usage to the contrary heretofore used in such cases in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And also where it is or shall be founden for the King his heirs or successors, That the heir or heirs of his tenant or tenants is or shall be within age, where indeed such heir or heirs is or shall be at the same time of full age, or of a more or greater age than is or shall be contained within such office.

V. Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in every such case such heir and heirs shall and may at his or their very full age or after, prosecute a writ AUate probanda, and sue his or their livery or Ouster le main, as his or their cases shall lie, and have the profits of his or their lands tenements or hereditaments from the time of his or their veiy full age; any such untrue office or inquisition, or any law or custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

The interest of others shall be saved though they be not found by Office. Cro. EL 523. Lee, 35.

Vin.V. 10, 158.

A remedy where an Heir of full age shall be found within age.

Hob. 50. Dyor, 161.

7 Co. 46.

Tn Terse to an untrue Office

cord.

Land Revenue of the [Fart IL

VI. Also where one person or mo is or shall be founden heir to the King's tenant by office or inquisition, where any other person is or shall be heir; or if one person or more be or shall be founden heir by office or inquisition in one county, and another person or persons Ls or shall be found heir to the same person in another county; or if any person be or shall be untruly founden lunatick idiot or dead: Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person and persons, grieved or to be grieved by any such office or inquisition, shall and may nave his or their traverse to the same immediately or after, at his or their pleasure, and proceed to trial therein, and have like remedy and advantage as in other

cases of traverse upon untrue inquisitions or offices founden; any law

found after the usage or custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Heath of the King's Tenant, or upon attainder of Treason, Felony, &c.

A Traverse VII. Also where it is or shall be hereafter untruly founden by office or though the inquisition, That any person or persons attainted or that shall be attainted King be inti- of treason felony or Pramunirc, is or shall be seised of any lands tenetuled by double meDts or hereditaments at the time of such treason felony or offence

Matter of Re-, committed or done at any time after, 'whereunto any other person or persons hath or shall have any just'title or interest of any estate of freehold, that then in every such case every person and persons grieved thereby 9hali have his or their traverse or Monstrance de droit to the same, without being driven to any petition of right, and like remedy and restitution upon his or their title found or judged for him or them therein, as hath been accustomed and used in other cases of traverse, although the King's Majesty, his heirs or successors, be or shall be in such case intituled to any such lands tenements or hereditaments, by double matter of record; any law custom or usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any inquisition or office is or shall be founden by these words, or like, quod de quo vcl de quibus tenement a pred. t cnent. jurat, predict, ignorant, or else

Bro. Office, 59 founden holden of the King, per qua servic. ignorant, or such like, that in Dyer, 155, 292, such case such tenure so uncertainly founden, dr. quo vel quibas tenement a predict, tenentur ignorant, shall not he taken for any immediate tenure of the King, nor suen tenure so ioundenof the King, per qua servic. ignorant, shall not be taken any tenure in capite, but in such cases, a melius inquire?*-dum to be awarded, as hath been accustomed in old time; any usage of later time to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further* enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where it is or shall be founden by any office or inquisition that any lands tene-merits or hereditaments are or shall be descended remained or come unto any heir within age and in tire King's ward, or that ought to be in the King's ward, and that such lands tenements or hereditaments are holden oT tiro King immediately, where indeed the same arc or shall be holden of some other common person, and uot of the King immediately; That in such case such heir or heirs shall and may have their traverse to the same, within age, and like remedy and restitution upon his or their title found or judged for him or them therein, as hath been accustomed and used in other cases of traverses; any law usage or custom to the coor trary in any wise notwithstanding.

‘X. Also where the King's Majesty by his prerogative ought to have as well such lands and tenements as be holden of other persons, as holden of himself immediately, whereof his tenant holding of him in chief dieth seised, his heir being within age, until such time as lively be sued by such heir, and that the mean lords of whom the said other lands and tenements of such heir be holden, used to spare the rents due to them for the same lands or tenements holden of them during the King's possession: And when such heir hath sued his or their livery, 4 they use by distress or otherwise to compel the said heir to pay to then* 4 the arrearages of such their rents, for such time as the said lands and

• An Inquisition not finding of whom the ground for confining the statute to particular In-i-«ds are holden, is in substance the same as one quisitiocs only.—Doe v. Redfeaxn, 12 E. 9& See lg the ignorance expressly.—There is no Note to 8 Henry VI. cL ISJ ante No. 7<£y

Traverse to an Office.

13 H.7. c. 11.

8 Co. 168.

Traverse to an Office where a wrong Tenure is found. Dyer, 161. Cro. Jac. 186.

Class XIL] Laud Revenue of the Growu

tenements were in the King's possession by such minority, where they should have sued by Petition to the King's Majesty to have obtained the

* same out of the King’s hands, if they would have the same; which is to

* the great, detriment loss and hindrance of such heir and heirsFor redress whereof, be it enacted by the authority of this present Parliament,

That from henceforth such mean lords during such minority shall have receive and take their said rents by the hands of such the King’s officers a remedy foe as shall be*appointed to have receive and take the issues revenues and the Renta of profits of the same lands and tenements so holden of such mean lords, the mean Lords during the minority and nonage of such heir and heirs, and until such when tbs King, heir and heirs sue his or their livery; and that such heir ajad heirs until hath the Ward-such time as he or they 'shall have sued their livery, or might conve- skip, niently have sued their livery, shall be thereof clearly discharged.

XI. And that such office or officers shall, upon request made, pay the same to such mean lords (they giving to such officer and officers a sufficient acquittance or acquittances for the receipt of the same:) And that such payment thereof made with acquittance or acquittances thereof shewed, shall be to such officers a sufficient discharge against the King's Majesty and his heirs upon his or their account in that behalf; any law usage or custom heretofore had or used to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, A Office found That this Act or any thing therein contained shall not in any wise extend before the 20th to any inquisition or office taken or founden at any time before the xx. day <by of Much of march next coming, nor to hinder prejudice or take away the title interest

or possession of our Sovereign Lord the King, or of any other person or persons, grown or come by vertue mean or occasion of any inquisition or office taken or found before the same day; but that as well our said Sovereign Lord the King, as all other person and persons having any title *

Interest or possession by vertue mean or occasion of any inquisition or office found before the same day, * shall and may have nold and enjoy the same in like manner and form as though this Act had never been had or made; any thing in the same Act to the contrary in any wise not* withstanding.

XIII. Provided also, and it Is enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Upon a traverse in all such cases as any person or persons shall be enabled by this Act to a Scire facia *

have any traverse, and snail pursue his or their traverse, that then he or shall be awards they that shall pursue such traverse shall sue one writ or several writs of again* the ecire facias, as the case shall require, against all and singular such person King a Paten* and persons as shall have interest by the King, or by his patentee or tcefc patentees, in like manner and form as is requisite upon traverses or petitions heretofore pursued: And that in every such scire facias the patentees or other defendants shall have like pleas and advantage as they had in any scire facias before this time awarded against any patentee in any case of petition; and also upon every traverse that shall be pursued Two Writs at by vertue or mean of this Act, in such case as the party or parties that search upon a shall pursue any such traverse should by the order of the common laws traverse. of this realm have been put to sue by petition to the King, there shall be two writs of search granted, in manner and form as like writs have been granted upon petitions made to the King.

XIV. Provided also, and it is enacted by the authority abovesaid, That Notwithstand-if after any judgment shall be given upon any traverse that shaH be ten- ing a traverse dered or sued by vertue or mean of this Act, it shall appear by any matter the King’s of record that the King hath any other former title right or interest to former right the manors lands tenements or other hereditaments mentioned in the *baU be resame traverse that then the same title right and interest shall be saved served- 4 7 *

to the King the said traverse and judgment given thereupon in any wise J *5*J4 Ed*4; notwithstanding. Co. Lit. 243. J 6 6 8 0^68.

988 Land Revenue of the Crown. [Fart IL.

No. XX.

3 & 4 Edw. VI. c. 4.

3 & 4 Ed. VI. c. 4.

Explained by 13 EL c. 6. Grants made by Patentees out of Patents shall be good.

i

3 Leon. 165. An exemplification of the King's Letters under the Great Seal shall be of as good farce as if the same Letters Patents were shewed.

5 Co. 53.

Dyer, 167, 179. Br. Surrender 51.

Co. Lit. 225, b.

[No. XX.] 3 & 4 Edward VI. c. 4.—An Act concerning Grants and Gifts made by Patentees out of Letters Patents.

4 INHERE the right noble and famous King of full worthy memory ', 4 11 King Henry the Eighth, Father to our most dread and now natural Sovereign liejje Lord, sithcnce the fourth day of February in the xxvii. year of his late reign, and also the King's most excellent Majesty* 4 by their several letters patents, have given granted bargained sold and exchanged to and with divers and sundry the subjects of this realm, 4 bodies politick and corporate, in fee-simple and fee-tail for term of life or years, clivers honours castles manors lands tenements and other heredi- taments and offices: after and .since which giants bargains sales and exchanges divers of the said patentees, their lieirs successors or assigns,

4 have bargained sold given exchanged or demised divers particular parts parcels or portions of the said honours castles manors lands tenements hereditaments and offices, or other things thereunto appertaining or belonging, to othernerson or persons bodies politick and corporate; that is to say, to some of them in fee-simple, to some others in fee-tail, for term oi life or years, or otherwise; and after the same patentees, for considers- tions them moving, have surrendered and given up their said letters patents into the Chancery, or otherwise the same letters patents havebeeu forfeited by attainder lost cancelled- imbcsled, or by other ways or means have come to the hands of the King's Majesty his late 'father; And thereupon ofttimes the enrollment of the same hath been made void and frustrate, sometime in part and sometime in the whole, by reason whereof such persons bodies politick or corporate, as have had Interest or title in or to the same castles manors or particular portions or parcels of the same, so to tiiem given and granted, have been in time past, 4 and in time to come are like to be, disherited, or in danger of loss of their interest in or to the same, to their no little hindrance and peril/ II: For remedy whereof be it ordained established and enacted by the authority of this present Parliament, That all and every person or persons bodies politick or corporate, which lawfully shall or may claim by force of auy patent or patents made sithence the said fourth day of February, or hereafter to be made by the King’s Majesty, his heirs or suo sessors, kings of this realm, or by any of them; and all other that now have or hereafter shall happen to have any good or lawful estate right title rent profit interest or possession of in to or out of any honours manors lands tenements hereditaments or offices, or of other things to any of the premisses appertaining or belonging, or to any part parcel or member of tiiem, or any of them, by from or under any such patentee or patentees, or any of them, or by from or under the heirs successors or assigns of them or any of them, or by from or under the estate of any others which had have or hereafter shall have the estate title or interest of any such patentee or patentees, of by any other means under the date of such letters patents, snail and may at all times hereafter, in any of the King’s courts his lieirs or successors, and elsewhere, by virtue of this present Act, make and convey unto himself title by way of declaration

Slaint avowry title bar or otherwise, as well against the King’s Highness is heirs and successors, and every of them, as against any other person or persons, unto the said honours castles manors lands tenements offices ana other premisses, or any part or parcel of the same, junto them or any their predecessors or ancestors, or others whose estate they have in the same, by from or under the said patentees or any of them, or the heirs ancestors or assigns of any of them, or otherwise under the date of the said letters patents comprized and contained in any exemplification or constat thereof made or to be made, by the shewing forth of the said exemplification or constat of the roll, or of so much thereof as shall serve for the matter in variance, under the great seal of England: And the said exemplification or constat of the said enrollment so as is aforesaid pleaded and shewed, shall be of like and the same force and effect to all intents and constructions in the law, as the said first letters patents were and should be of, if the same were or should be pleaded or shewed.

Class XU.]

Land Revenue of the Crown.

[No. XXI.] 13 Elizabeth, c. 6.—An Act that the

Exemplification or Constat of Letters Patents shall be as good and available as the Letters Patents themselves.

* TjHDR the avoiding of all such doubts questions and ambiguities as

* A heretofore have risen and been moved, and of such as hereafter 1 might rise and be moved in and upon the statute made in the Parlia* raent begun and holden at Westminster the foucth day of November in

* the third year of the reign of our late sovereign lord King Edwa.ro the Sixth, intituled An Act concerning Grants and Gifts mink by Patentees out of Letters Patents, and for a due and full Supply of all such Wants as may be thought to be therein: ’

II. Be it enacted and declared by the authority of this present Parliament, That all and every patentee and patentees, their heirs successors executors and assigns, andf all and every other person and persons having by or from them, or any of them, or under their title, any estate or interest of in or to any lands tenements or hereditaments, or any other thing whatsoever, to such patentee or patentees heretofore granted by any letters patents, either of the most famous princes King IIenry the Eighth King Edward the Sixth Queen Mary King Philip and Queen Mary, or by any of them, or by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty that now is, at any time Sithence the fourth day of February in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of the said late King Henry the Eighth, or else by the Queen’s Majesty that now is, her heirs or successors, at any time hereafter to be granted, shall and may at .all times hereafter, in any of the Queen’s Highness courts, her heirs and successors, or elsewhere, by the authority of this present Act, make and convey, and be allowed and suffered to make and convey, to and for him them and every of themselves such claim or title by way of declaration plaint avowry bar replication or other pleading whatsoever, as well against the Queen’s Highness her heirs and successors, and every of them, as against all and every other person* and persons whatsoever, for or concerning the lands tenements hereditaments, or other things whatsoever, specified or contained in any such letters patents, or of for or concerning any part or parcel thereof, by shewing forth an exemplification or constat under the great seal of England of snrollmeut of the same letters patents, or of so much thereof as shall and may serve to or for such title claim or matter, the same letters patents then being and remaining in force, not lawfully surrendered nor cancelled, for or concerning so much and such part and parcel of such lands tenements hereditaments or other thing whereunto such title or claim shall be made as if the same letters patents self were pleaded and shewed forth; any law usage or other thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding, Coke, pla. 541.

m

No. XXL 13 Eliz. c. 6.

13 Eliz. c. 6.

A Supply of the Statute of 3 & 4 Ed. 6. c. 4.

An exemplification of Letten Patents shall be of the same force as the Letters Patents themselves.

5 Co. 53.

Co. Lit. 225, b»

[No. XXII.] 21 James I. c. 2.—An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever.

rpHE Kind’s most Excellent Majesty, of his blessed and gracious disposi-x tion and abundant grace, desiring that his loving subjects their heirs and successors may quietly have and hold all and singular manors lands tenements and hereditaments which they, their ancestors or predecessors, or any other by from or under whom they claim, have of long time enjoyed, is graciously pleased that it be enacted, And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the assent and consent of the Loras Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the King’s Majesty, his heirs and succesors, shall not at any time hereafter sue impeach question or implead any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, for or in any wise concerning any manors lands tenements rents tithes or hereditaments other than liberties and franchises, dr for or Jptli|nyy^C concerning the revenues issues or profits thereof, or make any title claim

21 lac. I. c. 2. Concealed lands shall not be recovered, unless it may be proved that the King had title unto them within sixty yean before this Parlitment.

3 Inst. 168.

4BD Land Revenue of the Gmou. (Part IL

No. XXII. challenge or demand of in or to the same or any of them, by reason of 21 Jac L •"I rig"t or titlp accrued and grown threescore years past and more, and now in ease, unkfs his Majesty or some of his progenitors prede-k c _ cessors or ancestors, or some other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, under whom his Majesty any thing .hath or lawfully claimetfa, have been answered by force and virtue of any such right or title to the same, the rents revenues issues or profits thereof within threescore years next before the beginning of this present session of Parliament, or that the same have been duly in charge to his Majesty or the late Queen Elizabeth, or have stood insuper of record within die said space jof threescore years: And that every person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, their heirs and successors, and all claiming by from or under them, or any of them, for and according to their and every of their several estates and interests which they have or claim to have in the same respectively, shall hereafter quietly and freely have hold and enjoy against his Majesty bis heirs and successors, claiming by any tide accrued or grown threescore years past or above, and now sn esse, all and singular manors lands tenements rents tithes and hereditaments whatsoever, except liberties and franchises, which he or they, or his or their, or any of their ancestors or predecessors, or those from by or under whom they claim, have held or enjoyed, or taken the rents revenues issues or profits thereof, by the space of threescore years next before the beginning of this present session of Parliament, unless his Majesty or some of his progenitors predecessors or ancestors, or some other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, by from or under whom his Majesty any thing hath or lawfully claimeth in the said manors lands tenements rents times or hereditaments, by force of any right or title, have been answered by virtue of any such right or tide, the rents revenues issues or other profits thereof within threescore years next before the beginning of this present session of Parliament, or that the same have been duly in charge, or stood insuper of record as aforesaid, within the said space of threescore years: And furthermore, that every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, their heirs and successors, and all claiming by from or under them, or any of them, for and according to their and every of their several estates and interests which they have or claim respectively, shall quietly and freely have hold and enjoy all such manors lands tenements rents tithes and hereditaments, except liberties and franchises, as they now have claim or enjoy, (whereof his Majesty his progenitors predecessors or ancestors, or he or they by from or under whom his Majesty any thine hath or lawfully claimeth, or some of them, by force of some right or title to the same, have not been answered by virtue of such right or title, the rents revenues issues or profits thereof, within threescore years next before the beginning of this present session of Parliament:) Nor the same have been^duly in •charge or stood insuper of .record as aforesaid, within the said space of threescore years, against all and every person and persons, their heirs and assigns, having claiming or pretending to have any estate right title interest claim or demand whatsoever of in or to the same by force or colour of anjr letters patents or grants upon suggestion of concealment, or wrongful detaining, or not being in charge, or defective titles, or by from or under any patentees or grantees, or any letters patents, or grants upon suggestion of concealment, or wrongful detaining, or not being in charge, or defective. titles, of or for which said manors lands tenements rents tithes and hereditaments, or any of them, no verdict judgment decree judicial order upon hearing, or sentence now standing in force, hath been had or given in any action bill plaint or information in any of his Majesty's courts at Westminster, for or in the name of the King’s Majesty or of the late Queen Elizabeth, or for any of the said patentees or grantees, or for their or any of their heirs or assigns, within threescore years next before the beginning of this present session of Parliament.

Tidy Act than II. Provided always, That this Act or any thing therein contained k*1 not extend to bar impeach or hinder his Majesty, his heirs or suocessors, of for or from any manors lands tenements rents tithes or here-7 winder. ^tMnents> whereof any reversion or remainder nd^isi in his Majesty, for

Claes XU.} Zmmi Revenue cfthe Crmmu 4H

c. 2.

or concerning the said reversion or remainder; nor of for or from say No. XXIL reversion or remainder, or possibility of reversion or remainder, in any of qi t his Majesty’s progenitors or predecessors or ancestors, which by the expiration end or other determination of any limited estate of fee-simple, or of any fee-tail or other particular estate, hath or* ought to have fallen or become in possession within the space of three years next before the beginning of this present session of Parliament: Nor of for or from any light or title first accrued or grown to his Majesty, or any of his progenitors predecessors or ancestors, of in or to any manors lands tenements rents tithes or hereditaments, within the space of threescore years next before the beginning of this present session of Parliament, and not before.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted by authority of this present Parliament, That this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to any manors lands tenements rents tithes or hereditaments mentioned to be granted or conveyed by any of his Majesty’s progenitors predecessors or ancestors, or by any other under whom his Majesty claimeth, to any person or persons, of any limited estate in fee-simple, or of any estate in tail, or other particular estate, which several estates (if the same had been good and effectual law) have or ought to have fallen or become in possession within threescore years next before the beginning of this present session of Parliament, nor to any manors lands tenements rents tithes or hereditaments mentioned to be granted or conveyed by any of his Majesty’s progenitors predecessors or ancestors, or by any other under whom his Majesty claimeth, to any person or persons in fee-tail or other particular estate, whereof the reversion of inheritance (if such estate-tail or other particular estate had been good and effectual in law) should have been ana continued in his Majesty the first day of this present session of Parliament

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority of this present Thi« Act shall

Parliament, That all and singular the said manors lands tenements and not «*end 10 hereditaments shall be hoklen of his Majesty his heirs and successors, alter tJle Je-and of other person or persons, bodies politick and corporate, their heirs Serand successors respectively, by the same tenures services fee-farms chief- YKtM " LandSe rents hcriots and other duties, to all intents and purposes, as the same

should or ought of right to have been holden if the estates rights and interests established and made sure by this present Act had been before the making of this Act firm good and effecfti&l in law:Saving to every The Right of person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, their heirs and sue- others saved, cessors, (other than his most Excellent Majesty his heirs and successors, 1 Mod. 279* and other than all patentees or grantees of concealments or defective titles and all and every person or persons claiming from by or under them or any of them, for in respect or by reason of any such patents or grants of concealments or defective titles) all such rights title interest estate rents commons customs duties profits and other claims and demands whatsoever, in to or out of the said manors lands tenements tithes or hereditaments, as they or any of them had or ought to have had before the making of this Act; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, That this Act, nor any thing therein contained, *t shall not ex-shall extend to debar his Majesty his heirs or successors, of or from such tend to 4, 1, 1111 ' claim and demand as his Majesty hath made, or may rightfully make, jJje Custom of unto a certain duty or custom of two-pence upon a chaldron of sea-coal

to be paid in the port of the town of Newcartlc-upon- Tyrte, with the mem- 7*" bers thereof, but that the same shall be and remain m such sort and degree as if this Act had never been had or made.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where any fee-farm rent or All Rents another rent or rents have been answered and paid to the King's Majesty, or swered within to any his predecessors, by the more part of threescore yews last past, out 60 years woof any manors lands tenements or hereditaments, of which lfianors lands finned, tenements or hereditaments, the estates rights or interests being defective are established and made sure by this present Act; that(J^)QQ[(

King’s Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall from henceforth ever

The King's title required by this Act to be within sixty Yean, ought to accrue upon Verdict or Demurrer, &c.

and not upon a bare putting in charge or standing insuper.

This Act shall not extend to Land for which Composition is or sfodlbe made before the end of this Parliament.

Land Revenue of the Crown* [Part II.

have hold and enjoy the said rents and arrearages thereof in such manner and form, and as fully and amply as the same were enjoyed by the more part of threescore years last past before the beginning of this session of Parliament.

VII. Provided always and be it enacted by the authority of this present Parliament, That no putting in charge nor standing insuper, nor taking cir answering the farm-rents revenues or profits of any of the said lands tenements or hereditaments, by force colour or pretext of any letters patents or grants of concealments or defective titles, or of lands tenements or hereditaments out of charge, or by force colour or pretext of any inquisitions presentments, by or by reason of any commission or other authority to find out concealments defective titles or lands tenements or hereditaments out of charge, shall be deemed construed or taken to be a putting in charge, standing insuper, or taking or answering the farm-rents revenues or profits by or to his Majesty or any of his progenitors or predecessors, unless thereupon such lands tenements or hereditaments have been upon any information or suits, on the behalf of his Majesty or any his progenitors or predecessors, upon a lawful verdict given or demurrer in law adjudged, or upon a hearing ordered or decreed for his Majesty or any of his progenitors or predecessors, or of any of them, within the said space of threescore years.

VIII. Provided always and be it enacted, That this Act or any thing therein contained, shall not extend or be prejudicial to his Majesty, for or concerning any manors lands tenements or hereditaments, for which, any composition is or before the end of this session of Parliament shall be made with his Majesty’s commissioners for defective titles, and the monies by such compositions payable to his Majesty not paid before the end of this session of Parliament, unless the said monies shall be paid and his Majesty's letters patents procured according to the true intent of such compositions, within three months after the end of this session of Parliament.

[No. XXIII.] 21 James I. c. 14.—An Act to admit the Subject to plead the General Issue in Informations of Intrusions brought on the Behalf of the Kings’s Majesty, and retain his possession till Trial.

21 Jac.l. c. 14. InTnformations of Intrusion, the Subject is allowed to plead the General Iaue, and to retain possession till trial.

4 Inst. 116. Dyer, 238.

* \\THERE the King out of his prerogative royal may enforce the sub-1 T ject in informations of intrusion brought against him to a special pleading of his titleThe King’s most excellent Majesty, out of his gracious disposition towards his loving subjects and at theirhurable suit, being willing to remit a part of his ancient and regal power, is well pleased that it be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, .That whensoever the King, his heirs or successors, and such from or under whom the King claimeln, and all others claiming under the same title under which the King claimeth, hath been or shall be out of possession by the space of twenty years, or hath not or shall not have taken the profits of any lands tenements or hereditaments, within the space of twenty years before any information of intrusion brought or to De brought to recover the same; that in every such case the defendant or defendants may plead the general issue, if he or they so think fit, and shall not be pressed to plead specially; and that in such cases the defendant or defendants shall retain the possession he or they had at the time of such information exhibited, until the title be tried lound or adjudged for the King, »

II. And be it further enacted, That where an information of intrusion may fitly and aptly be brought on the King's behalf, that no scire facias shall be brought, whereunto the subject shall be forced to a special pleading, and be deprived of the grace intended by this Act. 17rEd. 2. $tat, c. 13. vJiOO^iC

Class XII.] Land Revenue of the Crown. 403

[No. XXIV.] 21 James I. c. 25.—An Act for the Relief No. XXIV. of Patentees Tenants and Farmers of Crown Lands 21 Jac. I. and Duchy Lands, or of Lands within the Survey of c. 25. the Court of Wards and Liveries, in Cases of Forfeiture for not Payment of their Rents, or other Service or Duty *

* Xj'ORASMUCH as the King’s Majesty, out of his gracious disposition, 21 Jac. 1. c.25.

* is and ever hath been averse from taking any advantage, howsoever lawful and just, against any of his subjects crowing by any forfeiture

* breach of condition or strict interpretation of his llighness grants or

* letters patents, or the grants or letters patents of any of his royal predecessors, of any manors lands tenements or hereditaments; and yet

* the grantees or patentees deriving their estates by or from his Majesty or his predecessors have been too apt and ready to exact the advan* tage of such forfeiture where his Majesty hiraseli or his predecessors

* have not required the same, which hath been ever held an unequal and

* extreme course, and hath many times been relieved by suits in courts of equity, though with the great charge and trouble of the parties endangered thereby

II. For remedy whereof, as well where the' King as any of his prede- No advantage cessors or successors hath granted or shall grant the said manors lands shall be taken tenements or hereditaments, or any part thereof, or the reversion or any against the part thereof to any other, as where the reversion remainder or estate King* Paten-thereof is or shall be in the King’s Majesty or his successors, in the right or Tenants of the crown of England or Ducny of Lancaster or otherwise, his Majesty *or

of his abundant grace towards nis loving subjects is graciously pleased "ent Kent, that it be enacted, and be it enacted by die King’s most excellent Ma- c* jesty, by and with the assent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, having holding or possessing, or which hereafter shall have hold or possess any manors lands tenements or hereditaments, by virtue or colour of any original grant or lease or assignment of the same, made by the King’s Majesty or any of his predecessors, or to be made by any of his successors for any number of years, for life or lives, in fee-tail or fee-simple, or other estate whereupon any rent service or other duty hath been is or shall be reserved or payable with or under any condition or limitation of re-entiy cesser, or to be void for default of payment of such rent or performance of such service or duty, heretofore hath made, or any other by from or under whom he claimeth hath made, or any which hereafter shall have hold or possess shall make any default therein, and yet after such default made such rent service or other duty hath been or shall be answered paid or done unto his Majesty or any of his predecessors or successors, into his or their receipt of the Exchequer or Duchy of Lancaster or court of wards, or to any other having authority to receive the same, as the case shall require, before any advantage of such forfeiture or cause of forfeiture hath been or shall he taken, and before any commission awarded to inquire or other process issued touching the said forfeiture-or non-payment of rent, that in all such cases no advantage shall be taken by nis Majesty his heirs or successors, of for or by reason of any such forfeiture or cause of forfeiture.

III. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons claiming, or which afterwards shall claim by from or under his Majesty or any of -his predecessors or successors, at any time after £uch cause or title of forfeiture given, shall in any wise have or take any benefit or advantage, by reason means or colour of such default made or to be made; but that every such estate forfeited or forfeitable by means or occasion of such default of payment of rent or performance of service or other duty, shall he adjudged to continue and have its being as if no such default or cause of forfeiture had been had or made; any law custom or usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. by ^.

IN Land Revenue of the Cram*. [Part II.

No. XXV. 99 Car. II.

C. 6a

22 Car. II. c. 6.

22 & 23 Car. 2. c. 24.

Fee-farm Renta, Rent Service, Chauntry

Renta, Ac. c.

Except Quit Renta, Copy-hold Renta, Tenths, Fhst-Fmita, &c.

Letters Patents granted by the King, of certain Renta before tile 24th of June 1672, confirmed.

[No. XXV.] 22 Charles U. c. 6.—An Act far advancing ' the Sale of Fee-farm Rents, and other Rents.

WHEREAS his Majesty is seised of several fee-form rents and other rents in right of nis crown, some whereof are parcel of his Righness Duchy of Cornwall, anti is also seised of several fee-form rents,

and other rents in right of his Uijghoess Duchy of Lancaster:

II. And whereas it is convenient that some special privileges and advantages should be granted unto the purchasers, which cannot well be transferred unto them without authority of Pariuunent; and where* as the better to enable his Majesty to pay such debts owing at interest,

1 whereof his Majesty shall find reason to hasten the discharge, his Majesty is minded to grant and convey to certain persons ana their heirs

* and assigns for ever, as trustees for sale thereof, divers fee-form rents

* rents service rents seek or dry rents chauntry rents rents reserved guild

* rents pensions vicontiel rents assart rents rents for purprestures arented

* rents certain, or divers other rents of what nature or kind soever they be,

due and payable to his Majesty his heirs and successors, as his Majesty shall think fit to mention and express in the said letters patent, whether the same be due to his Majesty in right of his crown of England, or in right of his Duchy of. Lancaster, or be parcel of or annexed unto the

* Duchy of Cornwall; except and always reserved and foreprized out of € such letters patents, all quit rents and copyhold rents standing in charge as parcel of or belonging to any manor or reputed manor; and also all tenths and first fruits^ and rents reserved nomine decima, doe and payable by any archbishop bishop dean dean and chapter archdeacon prebendary parson vicar or any other spiritual or ecclesiastical corporation;

III. And also all rents reserved upon any leases or estates whereof the reversion is now in his Majesty, and #hich are incident to such reversion; and also all rents reserved upon any lease or farm made or r granted or to be made or granted of his Majesty’s Customs or Excise;

4 and also except all rents or sums of money due and payable to his Ma* jesty his heirs and successors, for or in respect of any fire hearths or stoves

IV. Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most exoellent Majesty, with the advice and assent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by authority of the same, That all and every letters patents to be granted by his Majesty before the four and twentieth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred seventy-two, under his great seal, or under the seal of his Duchy of*Lancaster, or under the seal of the county palatine of Lancaster, of all or any of the rents aforesaid (except before excepted,) shall be, and are hereby declared and enacted to be good sufficient and effectual in the law, for the granting and assuring the several rents aforesaid, or any of them (except before excepted,) and for vesting the same in such persons and their neirs as shall be therein nominated as trustees for the sale thereof, against his Majesty his heirs and successors, and against the Dukes of Cornwall for the time being, and against all person and persons that shall have or inherit or enjoy the Dukedom of Cornwall by force of any Act of Parliament, or other limitation whatsoever, according to the tenor and effect of the said letters patents; and the same snail be expounded construed deemed and aajudged most beneficially for the patentees and grantees of the same, and their heirs successors executors administrators and assigns, according to the words and purport of the said letters patents, without any confirmation licence or toleration of his Majesty his neirs or successors; any mis-naming mis-recital or non-recital of any the honours manors castles lands tenements or hereditaments, subject and liable to, or charged with the payment of such rents, or any mis-recital or non-recital of any estate-tail formerly made, or of the reversion thereupon expectant, or any mis-naming, or not true naming of the towns hamlets parishes or counties where the samenbnouVs manors

Ctaaa XII.] Land Revenue of the Oouta.

lauds tenenements or hereditaments charged or chargeable with the said rents do lie, or any lack of the true naming of the corporation, or any lack of attornment or any mis-naming or not naming of any of the tenants or farmers of the lands charged or chargeable with such rents, or any part thereof, to the contrary notwithstanding;

V. And notwithstanding any other defect or imperfection which shall happen therein, of what nature or kind soever it shall be. And the said rents so to be granted, shall be afterwards conveyed and disposed by the said patentees and trustees, according to the directions and instructions hereinafter mentioned.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said patentees and trustees, and the survivor and survivors of them, shall make and execute to all and every person or persons, bodies politick and corpbrate, their heirs successors ana assigns, who shall become purchaser or purchasers of the said rents, or of any part thereof, an indenture or indentures of bargain and sale, which shall be inrolled in any of the four Courts at Westminster within six months after the date thereof, and shall contain a conveyance and assurance of the rents so purchased, and transfer the same by words of bargain and sale, or by words of grant release or confirmation, or by such other apt words and clauses as by the said purchaser or purchasers, their heirs successors or assigns, shall be reasonably devised or required, and shall be thought most suitable and convenient to and for the several cades and titles of such purchaser or purchasers respectively; and such conveyance or assurance shall also recite the consideration in money paid or given, and thereof and of every part and parcel thereof shall exonerate acquit and discharge the said purchaser or purchasers, his and their heirs successors executors and assigns.

VII. And be it further declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, his and their, heirs successors and assigns, having and taking any such conveyance and assurance as aforesaid, and causing the same to be inrolled as aforesaid within the space of six months next after the date thereof, shall be and is hereby adjudged in actual seisin and possession of the rents so purchased and conveyed; and shall hold and enjoy the same in perfect peace, freed and discharged of and from all claims and demands which can or may be made by his Majesty his heirs or successors, either in right of his crown, or any the duchies aforesaid, or otherwise howsoever, or by any Dukes of Cornwall for the time being, or by any person or persons that shall have inherit or enjoy the dukedom of Cornwall by force of an Act of Parliament, or other limitation whatsoever, ant] also freed and discharged of and from any breach of trust which can or may be pretended to be committed by the said trustees, in not strictly pursuing the powers given by this Act, or the instructions hereinafter mentioned, or any other instructions whatsoever, or the orders to them directed at the time of the making and executing such conveyance; and shall also hold and enjoy all and every the rents so purchased, as fully freely and amply as his Majesty at the time of the passing of this Act did or might have held or enjoyed the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, who shall purchase any of the said rents, and'their and every of their heirs successors and assigns respectively, shall be and are hereby enabled to have sue for and recover the same, by such and the like lawful ways and means as his Majesty or any of his royal progenitors could or might have recovered the same, be it by distraining m all or any of the lands of the tenant or tenants for the time being, that shall hold any lands charged with the said rent, or by having power to detain or sell all such distresses after the space of fifteen days after such distress taken, in case the said rent shall not be then or before paid, returning the overplus of what shall be so sold, to the party distrained; or by having the full benefit and advantage of all sums of money reserved nomine pane, or as a penalty for nonpayment of the said rent, or by using the like action or suit as his Majesty might have used for the recovery of the same before such patent granted, so as the same extend not Up&P

The Patentees and Trustees may sell the same Rents to any Purchaser, by Indenoua of

Sale inrolled* Such Rents, how to be <k* scribed in Deeds and Pleadings.

10 Ann. c. 10, sect. 21.

Purchasers by virtue of such Deed peaceably to enjoy against all Claims.

And to sue far and recover the same as his Majesty might have done.

gle

Brt-frrm and ocher Rams doc paid for 40 jean last pest not to be inverted in the Patenta.

Letters Patents of Manors Lends &c. heretofore granted.

Fee-farmers before the 23d of October 1642, and since the 20th of Mar 1660, their discharges confirmed.

• Land Revenue of the Crown. [Port II.

such process'of extent, or other prerogative process out of the Court of Exchequer, as his Majesty might have had before such patent granted. And forasmuch as upon divers commissions of defective titles inquisitions or suggestions of concealment, divers patents have formerly passed the great seal of England, or under the seal of the Duchy of Lancaster, or under the seal of the county palatine of Lancaster, of divers manors lands tenements and hereditaments, whereupon divers fee-farm rents or other rents have been reserved, and sometimes put in charge, where in truth nothing hath passed by the said letters patents, nor have the manors lands and tenements liberties or hereditaments mentioned to have been granted been enjoyed or held under the said letters patents, but under other titles, or by virtue of other letters patents whereupon other rents are reserved; r

IX. Be it therefore enacted, That such fee-farm, or other rents which have not been usually paid by the owners or occupiers of the manors lands or tenements charged or mentioned to be charged therewith by the greater space of forty years now last past, shall not be inserted or mentioned in any such letters patents to be hereafter granted to trustees as aforesaid: And further, That where any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, have held any manors lands tenements or hereditaments subject to the payment of any fee-farm rent, or other rent which hath been usually paid or answered by the owners, or occupiers of such lands so charged; and that by colour or pretence of some patent of concealment, or by pretence of commissions for defective titles passed of the same lands, some other or greater rent hath been reserved or put in charge, but the same hath not been usually answered or paid by the owners or occupiers of the said lands by the greater space of forty years before mentioned; that then and in such case the tenant of the lands shall hold the same discharged of the said rent so reserved by virtue of the said patent of concealment, or by commission of defective titles, and also discharged of all seizures and distresses for the same, until the same shall have been recovered by due course and proceedings of law. And if any letters patents of any manors lands tenements or hereditaments have been heretofore granted, whereupon any fee-farm rents or other rents have been reserved, which at any time after the passing of this Act shall be sold to any purchaser or purchasers, if such letters patents whereupon such rents so sold have been reserved shall at any time hereafter be ad nulled defeated repealed cancelled avoided or otherwise, determined, whereby the lands shall return to his Majesty his heirs or successors; then and in every such case, all and every the purchaser and purchasers of such rents, their heirs successors and assigns, shall have and receive out of the same lands tenements and hereditaments the like rent, and for the like estate therein, with that which was by diem so purchased, and shall enjoy such-like rent during such estate against his Majesty his heirs and successors, and against all persons, bodies politick and corporate, claiming by from or under his Majesty his heirs and successors, oy any grant or conveyance made or granted by his Majesty his heirs and successors, subsequent to such purchase made; and shall have like remedy for recovery thereof, (any such ad nulling defeating repeal cancelling avoidance, or other determination of such letters patents, to the contrary notwithstanding.) And whereas by certain covenants or agreements on the King's part contained in the original reservation of some of the said fee-farm rents, or by the true intent thereof, or by some decrees in the Court of Augmentation or Exchequer, made before the three and twentieth day of October in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred forty and two, or since the nine and twentieth clay of May in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and sixty, divers fee farmers were to be discharged, and allowances to be made of divers pensions portions rents resolute, or other things of the like nature, and the charge thereof hath been since allowed by nis Majesty out of the said fee-farm rents, upon the accounts of bailiffs ministers and receivers; it is hereby provided and declared, That this Act or any thing herein contained shall mot be construed to annul or avoid any such covenants or decrees, but that the

Cites XU.] Land Revenue of the Croton'.

some shall be allowed against the said purchaser or purchasers, as it should have, been against his Majesty his heirs and successors, if the letters patents or. grants of such fee-farm rents, hereby intended to be confirmed, had not been made; saving unto the Queen's Majesty, and to ail and every other person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, their heirs and successors, and every of them, (other than the King's Majesty his heirs and successors, and other than the Dukes of Cornwall for the time being, and other than such persons as shall have inheritor enioy’ the said Dukedom of Cornwall by force of any Act of Parliament or other limitation whatsoever), all such right title and interest possession leases or estates, as they or any of them had, or should or might have, or of right ought to have had, in or to the said rents or any of them, or any of the lands charged or chargeable with them, or any of them, as fully and amply as they should or might have had before the letters patents thereof made, as if this Act had never been bad or made; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful to and

for any bodies politick or corporate to purchase any fee-farm rents or other rents, so to be conveyed as aforesaid, and the same rents so purchased to retain and keep to them and their successors; any statutes of Mortmain to the contrary notwithstanding. standing the Statute

XI. Provided always, That neither this Act, nor any thine therein contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to the sale of any the fee-farm rents tenths chauntry rents rents seek, or any dry or other rents whatsoever, due or payable to his Majesty or the Prince of Wales for the time being, issuing or arising within the principality and dominion of Wales: this Act or any thing therein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

Corporations msy buy and enjoy the . Renta, notwith-of Mortmain.

Principality of Wales.

XII. Instructions enacted to be observed in the sale of fee-farm rents; yet so as the breach or non-pursuance of these instructions shall not invalidate or weaken the title of any purchaser.

1. A LL contracts touching the sale of any fee-farm rents or other rents Contracts to be before mentioned, shall be signed by the Lord Treasurer or Lords wgned by the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time b6ng, or any two of them, Treasurer.

2. The trustees shall convey to such persons as by order from the Lord Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any two of them, they shall be directed.

3. Every contractor shall, at or before the time of the sealing of his Purchase-conveyance, pay down one moiety at least of his purchase-money into the money how to Exchequer, and shall also before he shall receive his deed of conveyance be paid, gtve security, such as the Lord Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the

Treasury shall approye, for the payment of the second moiety at the time appointed.

4. Such contractors as will pay down their whole purchase-money Allowance, shall receive such allowance for their present payment of their second

moiety as shall be thought fit, so as the same exceed not the rate of ten per cent.

5. The immediate tenant liable to the payment of any rent shall be Tenants to be preferred in the purchase of it before any other, so as such immediate preferred in tenant tender himself to the Lord Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of P°, nt of Pur-the Treasury to contract within six months after the passing of the said chase' patent and notice thereof published by his Majesty's proclamation, and *

perfect his contract, and pay oi; secure his money as aforesaid within six months after at such rate as shall be agreed, not exceeding twenty years• purchase.

6. If the immediate tenant or some on his behalf do not tender and* Within what

perfect his contract, as in the last precedent article, all benefit of prefer- Time Contract* ence or, pre-emption is to be lost, to be perfected.

7. The purchaser may have his conveyance in the names of any person* or persons he shall desire.

8. If any fee-form rent or other rent be subject to or charged with any Incumbrance.


Covenant.

Fee-Farmer* of Mill*.

All Sums of Money Rents, Ac. c. to be allowed to maintain a School, &c. to remain ns heretofore.

Land Revenue of the Crown. [Part II.

payment or other incumbrance, consideration shall be had of it at the time of the contract, and reprize allowed tor it accordingly; and where such reprize is allowed the purchaser is to covenant to take upon him such incumbrance so reprized.

9. The trustees are to hold the rents conveyed to them for the benefit of his Majesty bis heirs and successors, until sale.

10. The trustees in all conveyances to be made by them shall covenant with the purchasers in usual form to free the premises and save the purchaser harmless from any act done or suffered by them, which may any way incumber the premises.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fee-farmers of any mills formerly belonging to the Crown or parcel of his Majesty’s Duchy of Lancaster, shall have the protection and privilege of his Majesty’s courts of Exchequer and duchy of* Lancaster, and ail suits to mills and aids of the said courts, and enjoy other former privileges and advantages, notwithstanding the sale of the said fee farms issuing out of the said mills, to all intents and purposes, and in as large and licneficial manner as when the said fee-farm rents or any of them were payable to his Majesty his heirs and successors.

XIV. Provided'alway, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such and so much of the said fee-farm rents and premises, and such sums of money rents resolute pensions stipends salaries annuities alms corodies profits and allowances as are due and payable, or which are chargeable upon have been or ought to be paid or allowed to or for the maintenance of any grammar school or scholars, or for or towards the reparation of any church chapel highway causeway bridges schools alms-houses castles or any other uses, upon out of or for the premises, or any of them, to be settled upon trustees according to this Act as aforesaid, shall be and continue to be paid and allowed as they were and have been heretofore. And the said trustees are hereby authorised and required to set out convey and assure unto such person and persons and their heirs, bodies politick and corporate, and their successors and assigns, as they the said trustees shall think, in trust for the performances of the uses aforesaid, or any of them, such of the said fee-farm rents duties or sums of money payable as aforesaid as shall amount to any of the sums so charged limited or allowed to or for the uses of purposes aforesaid; any thing in this Act or instructions to the contrary notwithstanding. And after such conveyance the purchasers of the residue of the said fee-farm rents shall be discharged of the said duties and payments.

[No. XXVI.] *22 & 23 Charles II. c. 24.—An Act for vesting certain Fee-farm Rents and other small Rents in Trustees.

623 Car.IL c. 24. 22Car. 2. c. 26.

INHERE AS his Majesty, in pursuance of a late Act, intituled An Act " for advancing the Sale of Fee farm Rents, and other Rents, bath by several letters patents (one bearing date the thirteenth day of June in the two and twentieth year of his reign, and the other bearing date the eleventh day of November in the two And twentieth year of his reign) granted and conveyed divers fee-farm rents, and other rents, unto Francis Lord HawUy Sir Charles Harbord Knt. Sir William Howard Knt. Sir John Talbot Knt. Sir Robert Steward Knt and William Harbord Esq. and their heirs, as trustees for sale thereof, most of which rents are of *he yearly value of forty shillings per annum and upwards;

* if. And whereas there are yet remaining very many small rents left out of the said letters' patents, which were intended by the said Act to be sold and conveyed away, the collection of which small rents is very chargeable to his Majesty and very troublesome to the subject, by means of under sheriffs bailiffs and messengers necessarily iniployed therein; and yet if the said small rents should be conveyed by letters patents to trustees for sale thereof, the said patents would be of

Class XII.]

Land Revenue of the Crovbn.

enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by authority thereof, That all fee-farm rents rents service rents seek ordiy rents chauutry rents guild rents castle-guard rents and other rents; within the survey of the Exchequer or duchy of Lancaster, due and payable to his Majesty his heirs and successors, in possession reversion or remainder, (other than such rents and sums of money as are specially saved and excepted out of the said Act) be and are hereby vested and settled in the said Franck Lord Hawley Sir Char let Harbor d Sir William Howard Sir John Talbot Sir Robert Stewart and William Harbord and their heirs, as fully and absolutely, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if the same had been particularly granted unto them by letters patents by virtue of the said Act, and in such manner as is hereby directed in that behalf; and the said rents hereby vested in the said trustees shall be by them conveyed and disused according to the directions and instructions mentioned in the said Act, to any person or persons; bodies politick or corporate, who shall desire to purchase the same rents, or any of them, upon a particular or certificate thereof made by the auditor or other officer of record before whom the same do or shall stand in charge respectively, which conveyance of the said trustees and the survivors and survivor of every of them shall be as good and effectual in law, to all intents and purposes, as if the rents so conveyed had been particularly immediately and well and sufficiently granted by his Majesty under the great seal of England, or the seal or the duchy or county palatine of Lancaster.

III. And for the better security and satisfaction of the purchasers of All Purchasers

any the said rents, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all gnd of Fee-farm every person or persons, bodies politick and corporate, their heirs successors Renl*to be* and assigns, who have already teen or hereafter shall become purchaser or £ept harmless purchasers of any of the said rents granted by the said recited letters "om *" »n«im-patents, or mentioned or intended to be vested in or conveyed by these. ^"c*ILJ"ade presents to the said trustees, shall quietly hold and enjoy the same ac- § rh Re t* cording to their several and respective purchases, and shall be and are j1 *" hereby saved and indemnified and kept harmless of and from all and all in

manner of incumbrances whatsoever heretofore had made or done, or

hereafter to be had made or done, by the said trustees or any of them, pleading *, to charge or incumber the said rents with any incumbrances what- jo Ann. c-18. soever. aect.4.

IV. Provided always, and it'is the true intent and meaning of these The Receiver* presents, That until sale shall be made of the said several rents by the General may trustees afore mentioned or the survivors or survivor of them, their heits receive them executors or administrators, that the receiver or receivers general of his till Sale made. Majesty’s revenue shall and may receive collect and gamer the same

and every part thereof as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the said letters patents or this present Act had not been made.

V. And lastly, be it enacted, That all such persons as shall purchase Advantages aU any of the said rents by virtue of this Act shall have and enjoy all the lowed to Pur-benefits and advantages given or allowed to purchasers by the said former chaaera.

Act; and the shewing of the printed copies of this and the said former 22 Car. 2. c. 6. Act, and of the conveyance made by the said trustees and enrolled ac- The shewing of cording to the direction of the said former Act, shall be sufficient evidence this Act and in any court of justice to entitle the purchaser and purchasers, their heirs Deed shall be s and assigns, to any rent by him her or them'purchased and'contained good Evidence in such conveyance, without any further proof or evidence in that in any Court of behalf. Justice.

VI. Provided, That no tenant in tail of any the said rents sh&l) be No Tenant in

enabled by this Act to suffer any recovery, or do any other act or deed to TaH ef any of bar the remainder hereby vested in the said trustees and their heirs, nor the saidRentn shall such tenant in tail have any other or greater power over the said wfftr any rent than he had before the passing of this Act; any thing herein before Recovery trw— contained to the contrary'notwithstanding. lhc

500

No. XXVI.

* 22 & 23 Car. II. c 24.

The Trustee* duly executing their authority,

All Purchasers may make a general justification, by saying that the Trustees were seised in Fee, and so granted to them.

Liberty-given to purchase by the words expressed in the, Letters Patents, the Auditors Certificates, or Grants from the Crown.

A Saving to the Queen's Majesty of all her Rights, Ac. c.

Land Revenue of the Crown. [Part II.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said trustees and the survivors and survivor of them conveying; and disposing of the said rents, according to such contracts and agreements as shall be signed by the Lord Treasurer of England and Chancellor of the Exchequer, or the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the time being, pursuant to the said former or this present Act, and the heirs executors or administrators of the said trustees shall be for so doing, and are hereby freed and discharged against his Majesty his heirs and successors forever, shall be discharged against his Majesty, Ac. c.

VIII. And be it further enacterl by the authority aforesaid, That every 'purchaser of any of the rents and premises by the intent of this or any 1 former Act sold or appointed to be sold, their heirs and assigns, and all

person and persons, their heirs executors administrators and assigns,

* claiming by from or under such purchaser or purchasers, may sue for make avowry justification or conuzance as the case shall require, for such rent or rents and premises and arrears thereof, without setting forth how *his Majesty or his progenitors became entitled to such rents or other the premises, or setting forth or producing in court any letters patents or other matter, whereby such rents or premises had commencement, or the the said letters patents whereby the premise* were granted or intended to ‘be granted to the said Francis Lord Hawley Sir Charles Harbord Sir William Howard. Sir Johrr Talbot Sir Robert Stewart and William Harbord; 'hut it shall be sufficient in every such suit avowry conuzance or justification where occasion shall be to set forth the title of such purchaser, to declare or alledge that the said Francis Lord Hawley Sir Charles Harbord Sir William Howard Sir John Talbot Sir Robert Stewart and William Harbord were seised in fee, ' of in demesne as of fee, of such rent or premises in . possession or reversion, as the case requires, and so seised granted the same.

4 IX. Whereas many of the rents vested in the said trustees by the 1 two patents herein before mentioned, are either misrecited or not so fully and particularly expressed, as may be reasonably desired by some purchasers:’ Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said trustees and the survivor.and survivors of them, and the heirs of such survivors, shall and may convey the said rents or any of them to the respective purchasers, either by the words expressed in the said letters patents or by particulars to he made out by the respective auditors or by the original grants from the Crown wherein those rents are reserved, as the said trustees shall find most convenient for the satisfaction of the said purchasers; saving unto the Queen’s Majesty all such right title interest possession or estate as her Majesty had, should or might nave, or of right ought to have had, in or unto the rents hereby vested or any of them, as fully and amply as her Majesty should or might have had before this present Act, and as if this Act had never been nad or made; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[No. XXVII.] 5 William & Maiy, c. 6.—An Act to

prevent Disputes and Controversies concerning Royal Mines.

[Inserted ante Class I. No. 19. Sec 55 Geo. III. c. 134, post.]

9- .[No. XXVIII.] 1 Anne, stat, 1. c. 7*—An Act for the

better Support of her Majesty’s Household, -and. of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown.

4XXAnne. it. 1. 4 V. A ND whereas the necessary expellees of supporting the Crown, or 7. the greatest part of them, were formerly defrayed by a land

4 revenue, which hath from time to time been impaired and diminished by the grants of former Kings and Queens of this realm, so that her - .< Majesty’s Land Revenues at present can afford very little towards the

* ii

* 71 tvrv lor;

at h

•v ?Vft

1'i'ur* -.hk,; V.er :• m , > - t*ta

ijjr,

L'^2S?. «j

Ha *

R *

ms

Ate

by \\ *

i yscc. bt'> o!sr itbe' dir?

ir; (» *

rv?u* io:i; ht D

T:Sdbes *

k; £;

: t to , 0Tai

the

‘the

i, flf

W

Asrf

to

he

Class XII.]

Land Revenue of the Crown,

support of her government; nevertheless from time to time upon the

* determination of the particular estates, whereupon many reversions and c remainders in the Crown do now depend or expect, and by such lands

* tenements and hereditaments as may hereafter descend escheat or € otherwise accrue or cotne to her Majesty her heirs or successors, the Land Revenues of the Crown in fines rents and other profits thereof may € hereafter be increased, and conseqOently the burthen upon the estates € of the subjects of this realm may be eased and lessened in all future

* provisions to be made for the expences of the civil governmentTo pie end therefore that the Land Revenues of the Crown may be preserved improved and increased for the best advantage thereof, Be it enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That all and every grant lease or other assurance, which from and after the five and twentieth day of March in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and two, shall be made or granted by her Majesty her heirs or successors, kings or queens of this realm, under the great seal of England, Exchequer seal, seals of the Duchy and county palatine of Lancaster, or any of them, or by copy of court roll or otherwise howsoever, of any manors messuages lands tenements rents tithes woods or other hereditaments, (advowsons of churches and vicarages only excepted), within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick-ttpon- Tweed, or any of them, or any pan thereof now belonging or hereafter to belong to her Majesty her heirs or successors, or to any other person or persons in trust for her Majesty her heirs or successors, in possession reversion remainder use or’ expectancy, whether the same be or shall be in right of the Crown of England or as part of the Principality of Wales or of the Duchy or county palatine of Lancaster, or otherwise howsoever, to any person or persons body politick or corporate whatsoever, whereby any estate or interest whatsoever in law or equity shall or may pass from her Majesty her heirs or successors, shall be utterly void and of none effect, unless such grant lease or asssuYance be made for some term or estate not exceeding one and thirty years or three lives, or for some term of years determinable upon one two or three lives; and unless such grant lease or assurance respectively he made to commence from the date or making thereof; and if such grant lease or assurance be made to take effect in reversion or expectancy, that then the same, together with the estate or estates in possession of and in the premises therein contained, do not exceed three lives or the term of one and thirty years in the whole; and unless such grant lease or assurance respectively be so made, that the tenant b6 liable to punishment for waste; and unless there be reserved upon every such grant lease or assurance respectively, the ancient or most usual rent or more, or such rent as hath been reserved yielded and paid for such of the said manors messuages lands tenements rents tithes or other hereditaments as shall be therein contained, for the greater part of twenty years before the making thereof; and where no such rent shall have been reserved or payable, that then upon every such grant lease or assurance there be reserved a reasonable rent, not being under the third part of the clear yearly value of such of the said manors messuages lands tenements tithes or other hereditaments, as shall be contained in such lease or grant; and unless such respective reuts be made. payable to her Majesty her heirs or successors, who shall make such lease or grant, and to her or their heirs or successors, during the whole term or time of the continuance thereof respectively.

VI. Provided always and it is hereby enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That from time to time where the greatest part of the yearly .value of any tenements or hereditaments belonging o* hereafter to belong to her Majesty her heirs or successors, doth or shall at the time of making any lease or grant thereof consist of the building or buildings thereupon which may want to be repaired or re-edified, in all and every such case and cases, to encourage the rebuilding or reparation thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for her Majesty her heirs and: successors, at any time after the said five and twentieth day of March in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and two, to demise or

For preserving, &c. the Land -Revenue of the* Crown, no Grant shall be made of any Manors, Lands, &c. belonging to the Crown, unless for 3 k years or three Lives, &c.

Tenant punishable for Waste.’ Ancient Rent 1 reserved, Stc.

and payable to the Queen, &c. ’

Tenements wanting reparation, &c. Queen may grant for 5 years or three Lives, Ac. c.

502

No.

XXVIII.

1 Anne, '•tat. 1. c. 7.

not dispunishable of Waste:

"and Rent reserved to be paid.

Duties, Ac. c. hereby (ranted not alienable by the Crown, Ac. c.

Grants, Ac. c. made contrary to this Act void.

Queen may make Leases, Ac. c. in her Duchy of Cornwall by Virtue of an Act,

12 W. HI. c. 13. and grant away or restore Estates forfeited for Treason, Ac. c. or seised on Outlawry, or taken in Execution, and customary Grants of Copyhold Estates.

Trustees for Fee-farm Rems may execute their Trust, Ac. c.

ving of htt, Ac. c.

Land Revenue of the Crown?’ ' [Part tfa

grant such tenements or hereditaments to any person or persons for any term or estate, so as such term or estate do not exceed fifty years or three lives, and so as such lease or grant be made to commence from the date or making thereof; or if such grant or lease be made to take effect in reversion or expectancy, that then the same, together with the estate or estates in possession of and in the same tenements or hereditaments do not exceed fifty years or three lives from the date or making as aforesaid, and so as the same be not made dispunishable of waste, and so as there be reserved and payable upon every such lease or grant during such term, not exceeding fifty years or three lives, as much rent as is by this Act required to be reserved for the same tenements or hereditaments respectively in case of a lease not exceeding one and thirty years or three lives as aforesaid, and not otherwise; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And to the intent the inheritance which her Majesty hath of and

* in the said hereditary duties of Excise upon beer ale and other liquors, '

* and of and in the said revenue arising in the said General Letter Office or Post (iffice, and in the small branches of her Majesty’s revenue hereinafter mentioned (that is to say), The first fruits and tenths of the clergy, the:

* fines for writs of covenant and writs of entry payable in the Alienation Office, the post fines, the revenue of the wine licences, and the revenue arising by sheriffs proffers and compositions in the Exchequer, and by

* seizures of uncustomed and prohibited goods, may be preserved in the

* Crown for the future benefit thereof; * Be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the said hereditary duties of Excise and the said revenue arising in the said General Letter Office or Post Office, and the said small branches of her Majesty's revenue last mentioned, or apy of them or any part thereof, shall not hereafter be alienable or gran table by her Majesty her heirs or successors for any estate or term whatsoever, to endure longer than trie life of her Majesty, or of such king or queen as shall make such alienation or grant respectively; and that all gifts grants alienations leases and assurances whatsoever, to be had or made of any the said manors messuages lands tenements rents tithes or other hereditaments, or of'any the said revenues or branches or any part thereof, contrary to the provisions of this Act or any of them, shall be lmil and void, without any inquisition icirc facial or other proceeding to determine or make void the same.

VIII. Provided always, That this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend to disable her Majesty her heirs or successors ta make such leases copies or grants as she or they may make by virtue of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his said late Majesty King Wh.liam, for making leases or copies of offices lands or hereditaments parcel of the Duchy of Cormvall or annexed to the same, or to alter or prejudice any the powers matters or things therein contained, or to be done in pursuance thereof, or to disable her Majesty her heirs or successors to make any grant or restitution of any estate or estates hereafter to be forfeited for any treason or felony whatsoever, or to disable her Majesty her heirs and successors to grant demise or assign any lands tenements or hereditaments, which shall be seised or taken into her or their hands upon any outlawry, at the suit of her or their subjects as hath been usual, or any estate whatsoever which is or shall be seised extended or taken in execution for any debt owing or to be due to the Crown, as she or they shall think fit, or to make any grants or admittances which of right or custom ought to be made of any copyhold lands tenements or hereditaments, parcel of any manor or manors of her Majesty her heirs or successors, or to disable the trustees for sale of fee farm and other rents to execute any the trusts powers or other matters or things by them to be executed done or performed, in pursuance of the several Acts of Parliament concerning the sale of the said rents or the making of such reprizes as ought to be made by them; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. Saving always to all and every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, their heirs and successors executors administrators and

503

Class XII.]

Land Revenue of the Groton.

assigns, other than to otir said Sovereign Lady her heirs and successors, No. all such righto titles estates customs interests claims and demands wjiat- XXVIII. soever, of in or to or out of the revenues hereditaments and other the premises aforesaid or any of them, as they or any of them had or ought Anne, to have had before the making of this Act, as fully to all intents and stat. 1. c. 7. purposes as if this Act had never been made; any thing herein contained ' — '

to the contrary notwithstanding.

[No. XXIX.] 10 Anne, c. 18.—An Act to give farther Time for inroliing such Leases granted from the Crown, as have not been inrolled within the respective Times therein limited; and for making the Pleading of Deeds of Bargain and Sale inrolled, and of Fee-farm Rents, more easy.

IV. AND for as much as the fee farm rents, and other rents pint.

chased under an Act of Parliament made in the twenty‘ second year of the reien of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act 4for the advancing the Sale of Fee-farm Rents, and other Rents, and one.

* other Act made in the twenty-second and twenty-third years of the same reign, intituled An Act for vesting certain Veefurm Rents, and other small Rents in Trustees, cannot always be so fully and particularly

* described as may be requisite for conveying or pleading the same For the better deriving ana pleading the title to such rents, from the trustees appointed for the selling thereof, pursuant to either of the said Acts, and clearing all doubts relating to the naming or describing thereof; Be it enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That where any rertt or rents intended by the said Acts, or either of them, to be sold, and sold pursuant thereto, is are or shall be named or described in any deeds fines recoveries or other assurances, or in any declaration bar avowry replication, or other pleading whatsoever, by such or the like names or descriptions as the same were named or described by in the indentures of bargain and sale made by the trustees for sale thereof, pursuant 10 the said Acts or either of them, such names or descriptions may serve, and are and shall be sufficient for the conveying deriving or pleading the title to such rent or rents from or under the said trustees, and shall be at all times deemed judged and allowed so to be, in all courts of law, or elsewhere.

V. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained, shall extend to give or allow any benefit or advantage in pleading or deriving title to any rent which hath not been paid or levied within twenty"years next before the time of such pleading or deriving title to the same.

* This Act given more folly in Vol. 111.

10 Anne, c. 18 *

Where sny Fee-farm Rents, sold pursuant to

22 Car. II.

c. 6. and 22 &

23 Car. II. c. 24. are described in any Deeds, &c.

as they were in the Indentures of Bargain and Sale* by the Trustees, such descriptions shall serve.

Not to extend to Rent which has not beta paid in 20 years *

[No. XXX.] 9 George III. c. 16.—An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects agahist all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever.

4 tjfWHEREAS an Act of Parliament was made and passed in the twenty- 9 Geo. lit first year of the reign of King James the First, intituled An Act c.16.

4 for the general Quiet of the Subjects against all Pretences of Concealment ^ct 21 jtc.

4 whatsoever; and thereby the right and title of the King his heirs and 2, *

4 successors, in and to all manors lands tenements tithes and heredita- mento (except liberties and franchises), were limited to sixty years next before die beginning of the said session of Parliament; and other provisions and regulations were therein made for securing to all his Mar I jesty’s subjects the free and quiet enjoyment of all manors lands and hereditaments which they, or those under whom they claimed, respectively had held ot enjoyed, or whereof they had taken the rents revenues

504

No. XXX.

9 Geo. III. c. 16.

The Crown disabled to implead for any Manors, &c. where the riijht hath not or shall not first accrue and grow within 60 years next before, &c.

Land Revenue of the Crown. [Part II.

1 issues or profits for the space of sixty years next before the beginning

* of the said session of Parliament: And whereas the said Act is now,

* by efflux of time, become ineffectual to answer the good end and purpose of securing the general quiet of the subject against all pretences of concealment whatsoever.* wherefore be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the assent and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the King's Majesty his heirs or successors, shall not at any time hereafter sue impeach question or implead any person or persons, bodies politickor corporate, for or many wise concerning any manors lands tenements rents tithes or hereditaments whatsoever, (other than liberties or franchises), or for or in any wise concerning the revenues issues or profits thereof, or make any title claim challenge or demand, of in or to the same or any of them, by reason of any right or title which hath not first accrued and grown, or which shall not nereafter first accrue and grow, within the space of sixty years next before the filing issuing or commencing of every such action biU plaint information commission or other suit or proceeding as shall at any time or times hereafter be filed issued or commenced lor recovering the same, or in respect thereof; unless his Majesty or some of his progenitors predecessors or ancestors heirs or successors, or some other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, under whom his Majesty his heirs or successors any tning hath or lawfully claimeth, or shall have or lawfully claim, have or shall have been answered by force and virtue of any such right or title to the same, the rents revenues issues or profits thereof, or the rents issues or profits of any honour manor or other hereditaments whereof the premises in question snail be part or parcel, within the said space of sixty years: or that the same have or shall have been duly in charge to his Majesty, or some of his progenitors predecessors or ancestors heirs or successors, or have or shall nave stood intuper of record within the said space of sixty years: And that all and every personand persons, bodies politick and corporate, their heirs and successors, and all claiming by from or under them or any of them, for and according to their and every of their several estates and interests which they have, or claim to have, or shall or may have or claim to have in the same respectively, shall at all times hereafter quietly and freely have hold and enjoy, against his Majesty his heirs and successors claiming by any title which ham not first accrued or grown, or which shall not hereafter first accrue or grow within the said space of sixty years, all and singular manors lands tenements rents tithes and hereditaments whatsoever (except liberties and franchises,) which he or they or his or their or any of their ancestors or predecessors, or those from by or under whom they do or shall claim, have or shall have held or enjoyed or taken the rents revenues issues or profits thereof, by the space of sixty years next before the filing issuing or commencing of every such action bill plaint information commission or other suit or proceeding, as shall at any time or times hereafter be filed issued or commenced for recovering the same or in respect thereof; unless his Majesty or some of his progenitors, predecessors of ancestors heirs or successors, or some other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, by fiom or under whom nis Majesty his heirs or successors any thing hath or lawfully daimeth, or shall have or lawfully claim, in the said manors lands tenements rents tithes hereditaments, by force of any right or title, have been or shall have been answered by virtue of any such right or tide, the rents revenues issues or other profits thereof within the said space of sixty years; or that the same fiave or shall have been duly in charge, or stood intuper of record as aforesaid, within the said space of sixty years: And furthermore that all and every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, their heirs and successors, and all claiming or to claim by from or under them or any of them, for and according to their and every of their several estates and interests which thfy have or claim, or shall or may have or claim respectively, shall, for ever hereafter, quietly and freely have bold and enjoy all such manors lands tenements rents tithes and hereditaments (except liberties and franchises), as they now have claim or enjoy.

Class XII.] Land Revenue of the Crown.

or hereafter shall or may have claim or enjoy, whereof his Majesty his progenitors predecessors or ancestors, or whereof his Majesty his heirs or successors, or he or they by from or under whom his Majesty his heirs or successors any thine hath or lawfully claimeth, or shall have or lawfully claim, or some of them, by force of some right or title to the same, have not or shall not have been answered by virtue of such right or title, the rents revenues issues or profits thereof, within the space of sixty years next before the filing issuing or commencing of every such action bill plaint information commission, or other suit or proceeding as shall at any time or times hereafter be filed issued or commenced for recovering the same or in respect thereof, nor the same have been nor shall have been duly in charge, or stood insuper of record as aforesaid, within the said space of sixty years, against all and every person and persons their heirs and assigns having claiming or pretending to have, or who shall or may have claim or pretend to have, any estate right title interest claim or demand whatsoever, of in or to the same, by force or colour of any letters patents or grants upon suggestion of concealment or wrongful detaining, or not being in charge, or defective titles, or by from or under any patentees or grantees, or any letters patents or grants, upon suggestion of concealment or wrongful detaining, or not being in charge, or defective titles, of or for which ssad manors lands tenements rents tithes and hereditaments, pr any of them, no verdict judgment decree judicial order upon hearing or sentence of any court now standing in force hath been had or given, or any such verdict judgment decree judicial order upon hearing or sentence of court shall hereafter be had or given, in any action bill plaint or information in any of his Majesty’s courts at Westminster, for or in the name of the King’s Majesty, or any of his ancestors progenitors predecessors heirs or successors, or of any of the said patentees or grantees, or for their or any of their heirs or assigns, within the space of sixty years next before the filing issuing or commencing of every such action bill plaint information commission, or other suit or proceeding as shall at any time or times hereafter be filed issued or commenced for recovering the same, or in respect thereof as aforesaid. (1).

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where the rents revenues issues or profits of any manors lands tenements tithes or hereditaments are or shall be in charge, by to or with any auditor or auditors, or other

Sr officer or officers of the revenue, such rents revenues issues and s shall be held deemed and taken to be duly in charge within the meaning and intent of this Act; any usage or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

I1L Provided always, That this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend to bar impeach or hinder his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of for or from any manors tenements rents tithes or hereditaments, whereof any reversion or remainder now is in his Majesty, for or concerning the said reversion or remainder; nor of for or from any reversion or remainder, or possibility of reversion or remainder, in any of his Majesty’s progenitors or predecessors or ancestors, which by the expiration end or other determination of any limited estate of fee-simple, or of any fee-tail or other particular estate, hath or ought to have first fallen or become in possession, or which shall or may or ought hereafter first to fall or come in possession, within the space of sixty years next before the filing issuing or commencing of any such action bill plaint information commission or other suit or proceeding, as shall at any time or times hereafter be filed issued or commenced for recovering the same or in respect thereof; nor of for or from any right or title first accrued or grown to his Majesty, or any of his progenitors predecessors or ancestors, or which shall first accrue or grow to his Majesty, or any of his heirs or successors, of in or to any manors lands tenements rents tithes

505 No. XXX.

9 Geo. Ilf.

c. 16.

(1) This Act does not give a title to the first wrongful possessor and those claiming under him, but only bars the remedy of the Crown against

them after 66 yean continuing advene possession by them. Goodtitle, d. Parker v. Baldwin, II East, 488.

V^jOOQ 1C

506

No. XXX. 9 Geo. IIL e. 16.

Limitation of the Act with respect to Grants from the Crown.of any limited Estate, &c.

The said Mason, &c. to be holden of the Crown upon the usual Tenures.

General Reservation of Rights.

Land Revenue of the Crown.

[Part tU

or hereditaments, at any time or times yithin the space of sixty yeaiS next before the filing issuing or commencing of any such action bHl plaint information commission or other suit of proceeding as shall at any time or times hereafter be filed issued or commenced for recovering thte same, or in respect thereof, and not before.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted by authority of the present Parliament, That this Act or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to any manors lands tenements rents tithes or hereditaments, mentioned to be granted or conveyed by any of his Majesty’s progenitors predecessors or ancestors, or by any other under whom his Majesty claimeth, to any person or persons, of any limited estate in fee-simple, or of any estate m tail or other particular estate, which several estates (if the same had been good and effectual in law,) have or ought to have first fallen or become in possession, or will or ought first to fall or come in possession, within the space of sixty years next before the filing issuing or commencing of any such action bill plaint information commission or other suit or proceeding as shall at any time or times hereafter be filed issued or commenced for recovering the same, or in respect thereof as aforesaid; nor to any manors lands tenements rents tithes or hereditaments, mentioned to be granted or conveyed by any of his Majesty'4 progenitors predecessors or ancestors, or by any other under whom his Majesty claimeth, to any person or persons in fee-tail, or other particular estate, whereof the reversion or inheritance (if such estate tail or other particular estate had been good and effectual in law,) should have l*een and continued in his Majesty, or any of his progenitors predecessors or ancestors, or should or ought hereafter to be and continue in his Majesty his heirs or successors, at any time within the space of sixty years next before the filing issuing or commencing of any such action bill plaint information commission or other suit or proceeding, as shall at any time or times hereafter be filed issued or commenced for recovering the same or in respect thereof as aforesaid.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority of this present Parliament, That all and singular the said manors lands tenements and hereditaments shall at all times hereafter be holden of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and of other person and persons, bodies politick and corporate their heirs and successors respectively, by the same tenures services foe-farms chief-rents heriots and other duties, to all intents and purposes as the same should or ought of right to have been holden, if the estates rights and interests established and made sure by this present Act had been, before 'the making of this Act, firm good and effectual in law.

VI. Saving to every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate,

their heirs and successors (other than his most excellent Mmesty his heirs and successors, and other than all patentees or grantees of concealments or defective titles, and all and every person or persons claiming from by or under them or any of them, for or in respect or by reason of any such patents or grants of concealments or defective titles,) all such rights title interest estate rents commons customs duties profits and other claims and demands whatsoever, in to or out of the Said manors lands tenements tithes or hereditaments, as they or any of them had or ought to have had before the making of this Act; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided also and be it enacted, That where any foe farm rent or other rent or rents have been or shall be answered and actually paid to the King’s Majesty, or to any his predecessors heirs or successors, within the space of sixty years next before an action bill plaint information commission or other suit or proceeding, shall at any time or times hereafter be filed issued or commenced for recovering the same, or in respect thereof, out of any manors lands tenements or hereditaments, of which manors lands tenements or hereditaments the estates rights or interests being elefoctive are established and made sura by this present Act, that the King’s Majesty his heirs and successors shall from henceClass XH.] Latid Revenue of the Crown; 507

forth for ever have hold and emoy the said rents and arrearages thereof, in such manner and form, and as fully and amply, as the same are or were enjoyed at any time within the said space of sixty years.

VIII. Provided always and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be prejudicial to the right title or claim of tmy person or persons In or to any manors lands tenements or hereditaments, by virtue of or under any grant or grants, letters patent or letters patents, from any of his Majesty's progenitors ancestors or predecessors, or by virtue of or under any grant or grants, letters patent or letters patents from his Majesty, made or passed before the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine; so as such right title or claim be prosecuted with effect by hill plaint information or other suit or proceeding, in some of his Majesty's courts of record at WeUmmsier$ within the space of one year from the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine.

IX. Provided always and be it enacted, That Nothing in this Act Contained shall extend or be prejudicial to any right title or claim which his Majesty now hath to any lands tenements or hereditaments, within the manor of East Greenwich, in the county of Kent; or to any messuages lands tenements or hereditaments, within the precinct district or liberty commonly called The Savoy, in the county of Middlesex^ or to any the manors messuages advowsons buildings lands tenements hereditaments and appurtenances, being the estate aim possession of the late hospital of the Savoy, or of the master and chaplains of the said hospital; so as such right title or claim be prosecuted with effect by bill plaint or information, ur other suit or proceeding, in some of his Majesty's courts 6f record at Westminster, within the space of two years from the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority of this preset Parliament, That no putting in charge nor standing intvper, nor taking or answering the farm rents revenues or profits of any of ine said manors lands tenements or hereditaments, by force colour or pretext of any let-tert patent of grants of concealments or defective titles, or of manors lands tenements or hereditaments out of charge, or by force colour or pretext of any inquisitions presentments, by or by reason of any commission or other authority to find out concealments, defective titles or lands, tenements or hereditaments out of charge, shall be deemed construed or taken to be a potting m charge, Standing huuper, or taking or answering the farm rents revenues or profits by or to his Majesty, or any of his pro-genilots or predecessors heirs or successors; unless thereupon such manors lands tenements or hereditaments, have been or shall be upon some information or suit on the behalf of his Majesty, or some of his progenitors or predecessors heirs or successors, upon a lawful verdict given or to be given or demurrer in law adjudged, or upon a hearing ordered or decreed for his Majesty or some of his progenitors or predecessors heirs or successors, or some of them, within the space of sixty years next before the filing issuing or commencing of every such action bill plaint information commission or other suit or proceedings as shall *at any time or times hereafter he filed issued or commenced for recovering, the same, or in respect thereof as aforesaid.

No. XXX. 9 Geo. III.

c. 16.

[No. XXXI.] 19 George III. c, 45.->-An Act to enable

the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster to sell and dispose of certain Fee-farm Rents, and other Rents, and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements within their Survey, and to encourage the Growth of Timber on Lands held of the said Duchy.

[No. XXXII.] 126 George ILL c. 87.—An Act for appointing Counnissionen to enquire Into the State andH>

Land Revenue of the Crown. [Part IICondition of the Woods Forests and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown$ and to sell or alienate Fee-farm and other unimprovable Rents.

[No. XXXIII.] 27 George III. c. 34.—An Act to amend an Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster to sell and dispose of certam Fee-farm Rents, and other Rents, and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements within their Survey; and to encourage the Growth of Timber on Lands held of the said Duchy; and to enable the said Chancellor and Council to discharge Incumbrances affecting the Possessions of the said Duchy.

[No. XXXIV.] 30 George III. c. 50.—An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the-State and Condition of the Woods Forests and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown; and to sell or alienate Fee-farm and other unimprovable Rents.

[No. XXXV.] 34 George III. c. 75-—An Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and for the Sale of Fee-farm and other unimprovable Rents. — [11 June 1794.]

34 Geo. III. IIWHEREAS it is expedient that provision should be made for the better c. 75. management of the Land Revenues of the Crown within the ordering

A and survey of the Exchequer in England: And whereas by an Act, made

recited*"* 1 *n the'first year of the reign of Queen Anne, (intituled An Act Jar the better Support of her Majesty* $ Household, and of the Honour and Dignity

* of the Crown,) it was (amongst other things) enacted and declared, that all and every, grant lease or other assurance which, from and after the five and twentieth day of March one thousand seven hundred and two,

should be made or granted by the said Queen her heirs or successors,

4 kings or queens or this realm, under any of the seals therein mcnturned, or by copy of court roll, or otherwise howsoever, of any manors

messuages Lands tenements rents tithes woods or other hereditaments,

(advowsons of churches and vicarages only excepted,) to any person or persons, body politick or corporate whatever, whereby any estate or 1 interest should pass from the said Queen her heirs or successors, should be utterly void and of none effect, unless the same should be made for some term or estate not exceeding thirty-one years or three lives, and unless there should be reserved, by such grants leases or assurances,

such rents as in the said Act are expressed; in which said Act is contained a proviso, that where the greatest part of the yearly value of any tenements or hereditaments belonging to the said Queen her heirs and

successors, should at the time of making any lease or grant thereof consist of the building or buildings thereupon which might want to be

* repaired or re-edified, in every such case to encourage the rebuilding, or reparation thereof, it was declared and enacted, that it should be lawful

for the said Queen her heirs and successors, at fpy’time after the [paid

509

No. XXXII. 26 Geo. III. c. 87.

Class XII.] Land Revenue of the Crown. 50?)

4 five and twentieth day of-March one thousand seven hundred and two, to No. XXXV. 4 demise or grant such tenements or hereditaments to any person or per- p m 4 sons for any term or estate, so as such term and estate did not exceed - IU *

4 fifty years or three lives, and so as such lease or grant should be made c i *•

4 to commence from the date or making thereof; or if sudh grant or lease should be made to take effect in reversion or expectancy that then the same, together with the estate or estates in possession 0/and in the 1 same tenements or hereditaments, should not exceed fifty years or three lives from the date or making thereof as aforesaid, and so as the same should not be made dispunishable of waste, and so as there should be reserved and payable upon every such lease or grant, during such term,

4 not exceeding fifty years or three lives, as much rent as was by the said Act required to be reserved for the same tenements or hereditaments respectively, in case of a lease not exceeding one and thirty years or three lives, and not otherwise: And whereas, the better to encourage the erecting of large substantial houses and other buildings upon the lands of the Crown within the ordering and survey aforesaid, and forihe improvement of the revenue arising therefrom, it is expedient that the powers in and by the said Act contained and given for demising and granting any tenements or hereditaments of the description last aforesaid should be enlarged, and further provision made for securing an improvement and increase of the rents to be in future paid or reserved in respect thereof Be it dierefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said recited proviso in the said *7"

Act of the first year of Queen Anne contained, so far as the same is con- CUrnirvt0 trary to any of the provisions in this Act, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that all and every lease or grant which, after the passing ’

of this Act, shall be made or passed under the great seal or the seal oF the Exchequer of any tenements or hereditaments whereof the greatest part of the yearly value shall consist of the buildings thereupon, or of any land or ground which shall be set apart or appropriated for buildings by force and virtue of this Act, and where the lessee or grantee lessees or grantees shall agree and covenant to erect buildings thereon of greater yearly value than the land or ground so to be leased or granted, snail be made for such term estate and interest, and in such manner as by this Act is directed, and not otherwise or in other manner; and if any lease or grant shall be made of any such tenements or hereditaments land or ground, contrary to the authority and directions of this Act, the same shall be utterly void and of none effect; any thing in the said Act of the first year of Queen Anne contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein Act not to af-contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to affect any subsisting feet subsisting lease or grant already made by the Crown, under and by virtue of the Leases or said recited Act, but that such lease or grant shall remain and be in as Grants.

full force and effect, to all intents and purposes, as if this Act had not been made.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where His Majesty any land or ground belonging or hereafter to belong to his Majesty his may grant heirs or successors, within the ordering and survey aforesaid, shall be Land for build-deemed by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury »ng for 99

for the time being fit and proper for the erection of houses or other yean or three buildings thereupon, or for necessary gardens yards curtilages and other L>Tes»where

appurtenances to be used and enjoyed therewith, and shalT be by their the 1 .

order directed to be reserved or set apart and appropriated to that use. ^re*.to and where the lessee or grantee lessees or grantees shall agree and j

covenant to erect buildings thereon of greater yearly'value than the land

or ground so to be leased or granted, or where the greatest part of the orWhere yearly value of any tenements or hereditaments belonging to his Majesty thegreatestpm nis heirs or successors as aforesaid, doth or shall at the time of making of the yearly.

* value of the Premises consistsipf(u*^inS8> to

510 Land Revenue of the Crown. [Part II.

No. XXXV. fpy lease or grant thereof consist of any building or buildings thereupon, p nr m aQd every or any of such cases it shall and may be lawful for his °eo. lit. Majesty his heirs or successors to demise or grant the land or ground so c* 7 5. directed to be set apart as aforesaid, or the tenements or hereditaments of the description last aforesaid, respectively to any person or persons, or to any body or bodies politick or corporate, under the great seal of Grtitt Britain or the seal of the Exchequer, for any term or estate, so as such term or estate do not exceed ninety-nine years or three lives, to be computed from the date or making of any such lease or grant respectively; or if any such lease or grant be made to take effect in reversion or expectancy, then that the term and estate thereby to be granted, together with the term or estate, terms or estates in possession of and in the same land and ground tenements and hereditaments respectively, shall not exceed ninety-nine years or three lives, computed from the date or making thereof as aforesaid; and so as the respective rents iiereinafter specified be reserved for the same, (that is to say,) where there shall happen to be any substantial building or buildings upon the ground to be demised, or that the building or buddings thereupon shall not require or not be intended and agreed to be rebuilt, there shall be reserved to his Majesty his heirs and successors an annual rent or rents, not being less than two-third parts of such annual sum as shall be deemed by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury fer the time being a reasonable rent of consideration for such building or buildings and ground respectively, for the term and estate intended to be granted of ana in the same; and so as there be paid to the use of his Majesty his.heirs and successors a fine or fines to the amount of the remaining part of such annual sum as aforesaid, subject to a discount which shall not be computed at a higfaea rate than the highest legal rate of interest at the time of making any such grant or lease; and when there shall happen to be no substantial "build-rag upon the land or ground to be demised, or that the building or buildups thereupon.require or shall be intended and agreed to he forthwith •rebuilt, or other new buildings to be erected upon such land or ground, then and in that case there shall be reserved such annual rent or cents as shall be deemed by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being to be a reasonable rent or consideration for such land or ground and old buddings respectively, for the term and estate intended to be granted of and in the same, without taking any fine for the same; and so as in every lease or grant of land or ground and buddings of the description last aforesaid, there be contained a covenant or condition on the part of the lessee or grantee for the erecting of proper and substantial houses or other buildings thereon within a reasonable drac, to be in each case limited for that purpose, apd such other covenants for keeping buildings in repair and doing all such other acts as the liord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being shall think reasonable; and so as all and every such rent and rents be reserved to be paid free and clear of all manner of taxes and assessments whatsoever, for and during the whole of the term or terms to be granted or demised, except such rent or such part thereof, during such part of such term or terms as the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being shall in any case think fit and expedient to be allowed, not exceeding in any case the term of three years; and so as every such such grantee or lessee grantees or lessees shall tod do duly sign seal and deliver a counterpart or counterparts of his her or their respective grant or lease, grants or leases, which counterparts shall not be subject to any stamp duty; and that all and every such grants and leases so made qp aforesaid, according to the true intent and meaning of this Act, shall be good valid and effectual in the law; any thing contained in the said Act of the first of Queen Anne, or in any other Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on evenr grant lease or other assurance which shall be made or granted by ho Majesty his heirs or succesaors, under the great seal or seal of She oxcheOn every

(-ewept aabenip except#*) Annual Rent# to ba reaemd, whh<MC/taking any Fine, 4c.

Class XII.]

Land Revenue of the Crown.

611

c. ?5.

quer, or either of them, of any manors messuages lands tenements rents Nov XXXV. tidies woods or other hereditaments, (advowsons of churches and vicarages, p . '

and such tenements and grounds, with edifices or buildings erected ue^ luthereon, as arp hereby authorised to be granted for any terra not exceed- " *

ing ninety-nine years or three lives, and whereon any fine or fines shall be payable as aforesaid, only excepted,) within the kingdom of England and dominion of Wales, or any of them, or any part thereof, now belonging or hereafter to belong to his Majesty his heirs or successors, and being within the ordering and survey aforesaid, in possession reversion remain* der use or expectancy to any person or persons, body politick or corporate, whereby any estate or interest whatever, in law or equity, shall or may pass from his Majesty his heirs or successors, there shall be reserved such clear annual rent or rents as shall be deemed by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being to be a reasonable rent or consideration for such grant or lease, without taking any fine for the same; and such rent or rents shall be made payable to his Majesty his heirs and successors, during the whole term or time of the continuance thereof respectively; and no such lease or grant, leases or grants, shall be good or effectual in the law, unless the grantee or lessee, grantees or leasees therein, do and shall duly sign seal and deliver a counterpart or counterparts of his her or their respecuve grant or lease, grants or teases, so made as aforesaid, according to the true intent and meaning of this Act, which counterparts shall not be subject to any stamp duty.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it sltall Gnats not to

not be lawful to renew any lease or grant of any manors messuages lands be renewed tenements tithes woods or other hereditaments now belonging or here- unta within after to belong to his Majesty his heirs or successors, within the ordering enuin number and survey aforesaid, for any term of years whatever, until within five F"

years of the period of the expiration of the same, except such tenements l? ^eir expirs-and hereditaments as are hereby authorised to be granted for any term tux>:

not exceeding ninety-nine years, nor to renew any grant or lease of any such tenements or hereditaments as are hereby authorised to be granted for such tenon not exceeding ninety-nine years, until within twenty years of the period of the expiration of the same, nor any lease or grant for lives, so Fong as there shall be more than one of such lives m being, except in the cases hereinafter mentioned.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That if it except in Cbm shall appear to the satisfaction of the lord High Treasurer or Lords herein specified. Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, that any persons or

person have or has, at any time before the passing of this Act, entered into any covenants or engagements to obtain renewals of leases at earlier periods, in confidence that the same could be renewed according to the ordinary practice in such cases, it shall be lawful in such cases to renew any lease or grant at a greater distance of time from the period of the expiration therebf, so as to enable such person or persons to perform such covenants or engagements; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, That if any person or persons shall be the lessee or lessees of any tithes of any lands, or of any other profits issuing out of any lands, and shall be also the owner or owners of, or interested in such lands, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, to order a renewal of leases of such tithes or other profits, at such times as shall appear to them convenient for the most beneficial ’enjoyment of such titties or other profits, together with such lands respectively: Provided also, That if it shall be made appear to the satisfaction of the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury for the time being, that any persons or person having any lease of any lands Abatement of belonging to his Majesty have or has, before the passing of this Act, Rent and Fine made any demise of such lands, or entered into any agreement to demise maybe made in the same, for the purpose of improving the same by building, and have or certain Caaee. haaentered into any covenants or engagements, in consequence whereof such persons or person would, by reason of the improvements 6o made, be

512

No. XXXV.

34 Geo. III. c. 75.

Leayt% of Wastes, &c. for Improvement, and of Lands for the Growth of Wood, &c. may be renewed agreeable to recited or this Act.

Where Houses, Arc., are to be rebuilt, Ac. c. further Leases may be granted.

Land Revenue of the Crown. [Part 11.

bound to pay, upon the renewal of any lease or grant of such lands, more than such persons or person would be entitled to receive from the under lessees or lessee thereof, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, to make a just abate; -ment in the rent and fine to be reserved and paid to his Majesty his heirs and successors, in consequence of such improvement, and that such lease or grant* as shall be made (regard being had to such circumstances) shall be good and effectual; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That where any wastes commons or other uninclosed lands or grounds within the ordering and survey aforesaid, in which his Majesty his heirs and successors has or shall have any interest, shall be deemed fit and proper to be divided inclosed drained or otherwise improved, and shall be, by authority of Parliament or otherwise, authorised and directed to be divided and inclosed, or where any lands or grounds belonging to and held under any lease or grant from his Majesty his heirs or successors, or from any of his Majesty's royal predecessors, under the great seal, or seal of the ExcheSuer, shall be deemed by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of tie Treasury for the time being, fit and expedient to be planted and appropriated to the growth of wood or timber, or any farm house, or other substantial budding, to be erected for the better management and improvement of any lands or grounds, or any pits shafts levels watercourses engines or other works, to be digged sunk erected or made for the better and more advantageous working of any mines quarries or collieries belonging to his Majesty his heirs or successors, and held as aforesaid, ana where the term or estate in possession of and in the same respectively shall be deemed, by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, to be insufficient to repay the costs and charges of such works and improvements, with reasonable profit and advantage to the parties making or causing the same to be made, or to their representatives or assigns, in all ana every such case and cases it shall and may be lawful, at any time or times hereafter, to renew any such lease, or to grant any further or other lease of any such lands or grounds mines quarries or collieries, or any part thereof, for any term or estate not exceeding the terms or estates authorised to be granted of lands tenements or hereditaments of such or the like descriptions, by the said Act of the first year of Queen Anne, or by this Act; and that where any houses or other buildings shall require or shall be intended and agreed to be rebuilt, or any new houses or other buildings to be erected, or where any houses or other buildings have been at any time before the passing of this Act erected upon any land or ground belonging to and held under any lease or grant, whereof the term or estate in possession at the time of erecting such houses or other buildings respectively shall be deemed by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury to be insufficient to repay the cost and charges of erecting such houses or buildings, with reasonable profit and advantage to the parties erecting or causing the same to be erected, or to their representatives or assigns, in all ana every such case and cases it shall and may be lawful, at any time or times hereafter, to grant any further or other lease of any isuch houses or other buildings, ana land or ground respectively, for any term or estate, not exceeding the terms and estates hereby authorised to be granted,; provided that in every such lease there be reserved and made payable to his Majesty his heirs and successors, such rent or rents as is or are hereby required to be reserved, and that covenants or conditions be inserted therein, on the part of the respective grantees or lessees, for erecting such new houses or other buildings, and performing such respective works and improvements, at the costs and charges of such grantees or lessees, within a reasonable time, to be in each case limited and appointed for that purpose, where such houses or other buildings, or such works and improvements, shall not have been previously erected made oc performed.

Class XII.] Land Revenue of the Crown. 5)3

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That be- No". XXXV.

- fore the making of any grant or lease under the great seal or seal of the

.Exchequer of any manors messuages lands tenements rents tithes 'jreo‘ A11’ •woods or other hereditaments now belonging or hereafter to belong to c* 75.

his Majesty his heirs or successors, within the ordering and survey aforesaid, a survey of the premises, where the same shall he capable of such Before any survey, and an estimate of the improved annual value thereof, shall be Grant ia made had and made by such able and practical surveyors of land or of houses a survey of the (according to the nature of the case) as shall be named for that purpose, Premises, and by or under the order and direction of the Lord High Treasurer or Com- an estimate of xnissiouers of the Treasury, or of the Surveyor General of the Land Re- the improved venires of the Crown for the time being, which said surveyors of land Annual Value, or of houses shall certify by their reports in writing, under their hands, to what in their judgment is or are the true and fair improved annual certified by the worth or value of the respective estates so by them surveyed and valued, 5unre7or* c" clear of all taxes assessments and reprizes whatever; and where the greatest part of the value thereof shall consist of the building or buildings thereon, or of ground set apart and appropriated for building, the said surveyor or surveyors shall certify the true and fair annual worth or value of the respective buildings land or ground, clear of all contributions for the expences of building of party walls or repairing the same, and of repairing and keeping in repair the respective buildings, (as the case may be,) and also of all taxes assessments and reprizes whatever, and also what is or shall then appear to be the true state and condition of such buildings in point of their repair strength and durability; and also for what term of years it shall appear to him or them to be most beneficial for the interest of the crown to grant such buildings or ground respectively, regard being had to the quality and condition of the buildings then standing upon such ground, and of the buildings proposed to be erected thereon; and every person who shall be employed to make sur- Qath to be veys and estimates or valuations of any such manors messuages lands azwexed to tenements rents tithes woods or other hereditaments as aforesaid, in ^ch Survey, consequence of applications for grants or renewals of leases thereof, iiall annex to each survey and estimate or valuation, an oath (or being of the people called Quaker* an affirmation) taken and subscribed by him before a justice of the peace in any county city or liberty within this kingdom, the tenor whereof shall be as follows:

a J A.B. do swear [or-being a Quaker do solemnly affirm] That the Fonn of Oath.

survey or account hereto annexed was faithfully and impartially made by me; that the value of the property of the Crown therein con tained is justly estimated therein, according to the best of my skill and 44judgment; and that all the particulars stated in the said survey or account are true, to the best of my knowledge and belief.

41 So help me GOD."

Which oath or affirmation, so taken and subscribed, shall be filed with Oith to be the survey and estimate in the proper office for depositing the same.

IX. Provided always and be it further enacted, That where any tene- Leases of Prt-ments or hereditaments of which a lease or grant may be applied for mixes of a fixed shall happen to be of a known fixed and unimprovable value, or where Value, Ac. c.may the nature of such tenements or hereditaments, or the circumstances be renewed relative thereto, the annual worth or value thereof cannot be known or without Survey, ascertained by the means of a survey or inspection thereof, or where the

value of such tenements or hereditaments shall be previously known to be so small or inconsiderable that it shall not be deemed expedient to incur the expence of taking a survey thereof, in any such case it shall and may be lawful to grant or renew a lease of such tenements or hereditaments, without causing a survey or estimate to be previously made thereof, if the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury shall so order and direct.

X. And whereas by an Act made in the twenty-sixth year of the 26 Geo. IIL 4 reign of his present Majesty, (intituled An Act for appointing Commit- f 87. and 30 1 sioners to inquire into the State and Condition of the Woods Forests and Gc.°* *"• c *

Vol. I. 2 L recited; and

#*4

No. XXXV. 84 Geo. III. c.75.

from October JO, 1794, the Surveyor General may contract for the Sale of Fee-fiurm Rents, &c. not disposed of under them.

Sank of England to open an account for

ManiaafauL

Surveyor General to grant Certificates of

the Money to fee paid, winch is to be received at tk* Beak, Ml Receipts man the

which being in-xblled with the Auditor of the land Revenue, hall give pos* avion.

Land Revenue of the Crown• [Part IL

1 Land Revenues belonging, to the Crown; and to tell or alienate Fee-farm 1 and other unimprovable Rents; ) and by another Act made in the thirtieth

* year of his present Majesty’s reign, (intituled An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the Tzcenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present M*~

* jesty, intituled %< An Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire into the " State and Condition of the Woods Forests and Land Revenues belonging to " the Crown; and to sell or alienate Fee farm and other unimproveMe " Rents, ") it was (among other things) enacted, that it should and might

* be lawful for the Commissioners named in or to be appointed under the

* authority of the said Acts, to contract and agree with any person or 1 persons, bodies politick or corporate, for the sale of any fee-farm rents

* rents services rents seek quit rents chauntry rents guild rents castle 1 guard rents viscontiel rents, and other dry fixed and unimprovable rents, 1 due and payable to his Majesty his heirs or successors within the survey 1 and receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, at or for the best prices or considerations in money which the said commissioners should be able to procure, not being less than after the several rates of purchase therein 1 mentioned:And whereas the whole of the said rents were not sold or disposed of previous to the expiration of the said Acts* Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, it shall and may be lawful for the Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown novr or for the time being, to contract and agree with any person or persons, or any bodies politick or corporate, for the sale of any fee-farm rents rents services rents seek chauntry rents castle guard rents viscontiel rents, sad other dry fixed and unimprovable rents, except quit rents and copyhold rents standing in charge as parcel of or belonging to any manor of reputed manor, due ana payable to his Majesty bis heirs or successor* in England or in Wales, within the survey and receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, at or for the best prices or considerations in money which the said Surveyor General shall he able to procure for the same, and which shall be approved of by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, not being less than the several rates of purchase enacted and provided by the said recited Act of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

XI. And for facilitating the conveyance of the aforesaid rents to the respective purchasers thereof, be it further enacted, That the Governor and Directors of the Bank of England shall, and they are hereby required to open an account in their books under the title of An Account of the Smler of Feefarm Rents, and carry to the credit of such account the several-monies by this Act directed to be paid to the cashiers of the Bank for or on account of the purchase of any such rents as aforesaid; and whensoever the said Surveyor General shall have contracted with any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, for the sale of any rent or rents, the said Surveyor General shall grant unto the purchaser or purchasers a certificate under his hand specifying the rent so contracted for and the amount of the purchase money to be paid for the same; and the said cashiers of the Bank, or one of them, shall upon the production of such certificate accept and receive from such purchaser or purchasers the purchase monies therein specified, and at the foot or on the back of such certificate acknowledge the receipt of the said monies, without fee or reward; and the said certificate ana receipt shall be afterwards brought to the office of the respective auditor of the land revenue, and be there forthwith inrolled in proper books to be provided and kept for that purpose separate and apart from the other business and proceedings of the said respective offices; and such auditor having inrolled the said certificate and receipt as aforesaid, shall attest the same under his hand, and return the said certificate and receipt to the purchaser or purchasers; and from and immediately after such inrolment, and thenceforth for ever, the respective purchasers of such rents and their heirs or successors, shall by force of this Act be adjudged deemed and taken to be in the actual seisin and possession of the rents so by them respectively purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the same peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged of and

Class XII.] JLand Revenue of ike Grown* .

from all claims and demands which can or may he made by his Majesty his heirs or successors, or by any person or persons lawfully claiming by from or under him or them, and of or from all manner of incumbrances whatsoever heretofore made or charged upon the same rents, and as fully and amply to all intents and purposes as nis Majesty bis heirs or successors might or could have held or enjoyed the same; and shall have and enjoy all and singular the powers remedies benefits and advantages for the recovery thereof, given or allowed to the purchasers of rents in and by two Acts of Parliament made and passed m the twenty-second and twenty-third years of the reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, 6r any other law or statute whatever, in as large and ample manner and form as if such purchases had been made of and the said rents conveyed by the trustees or commissioners appointed or authorised by or under and by virtue of the same Acts, or either of them.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the certificates to be granted by the said purveyor General on the sale of any rent or rents as aforesaid, shall be expressed in the words following, or as near thereto as may be: (that is to say,)

515

No. XXXV. 34 Geo. IIL c. 75.

Certificates to be in the fd- . lowing

" By the Surveyor General of his Majesty’s Land Revenue. Form;

w 'THESE are to certify, That the said Surveyor General hath contracted H and agreed with A. 3. for the sale to him [her or them, as the case " maw be] of all that rent of issuing and payable out

tL of {briefly describing the lands or 'hereditaments chargeable] now or late " payable by at or for the price or sum of

a of lawful money of Great Britain, to be paid by the said

" A. 3. into the Bank of England, and carried to the account of the sale " of fee-farm rents [and in the case of a subsisting lease, then the following words are to be added1 subject nevertheless to a lease thereof granted " under the Great Seal of Great Britain [or the seal of his Majesty's " Exchequer, [as the case may be] bearing date the day

" of one thousand seven hundred and

" unto for a term of years

" which will expire on or about the day of

a and from and immediately after the payment of the said sum in man-lt ner aforesaid, and the inrolment of this certificate, and the receipt for " the said purchase money in the office of the commissioners for auditing a the public accounts of the kingdom, and thenceforth for ever, the pur-" chaser or purchasers [os the case may be] of the said rent [or rents] and " his or their heirs successors or assigns shall be adjudged deemed and " taken to be in the actual seisin - and possession of the said rent [or " rents] so by him purchased, by force and virtue of an Act of Parfiar ,

" ment passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his Majesty King " George the Third, intituled An Act [inserting the title of this Act.]

" Given under the hand of the said Surveyor General, the day of "

Which said certificates shall be respectively witnessed and attested, as to and witnmed the signing thereof by the said Surveyor General, by one of the principal clerks or other officers in his office; and that the receipts to be given or Receipts of the subscribed by tly cashier of the Bank, at the foot or on the back of such Bank to be in certificates respectively as aforesaid, shall be in the words and figures fol- following lowing, or as near thereto as may be: (that is to say,)

" Received the day of one thou- Form

" sand seven hundred and of and from

" A. 3. the sum of of lawful money of 'Great Bri" tain, being the consideration money expressed in the above [or within] u written certificate.

" Witness my hand,

" For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

waafipogle

SLS

516

No. XXXV.

Land Revenue of the Crown.

[Part II.

Which said certificates and receipts being inrolled as aforesaid, shall ef-_4 P jll fectually discharge the said purchasers or other persons to whom the

34 A11‘ same shall be so given and granted, of and from the purchase and con•5- sideratioa money therein respectively expressed, and such purchasers or other persons shall never afterwards be liable to or called upon sued troubled molested or questioned for or in respect of such purchase or consideration money or any part thereof.

and when in* rolled to discharge the Purchasers.

Certificates and Receipts to be at the expence of the Parties.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the certificates and receipts hereby directed to be given shall be made forth and enrolled at the expence of the persons entitled to or requiring the same, for which certificates such fees shall be paid (exclusive of the expence of stamps parchment and inrolling) as the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury shall direct and establish, in proportion to the value of the rents to be sold, so that no greater fee be paid for any one rent than twenty shillings; and if the certificate be for more rents than one, a further fee shall be paid for every such rent not exceeding one-fourth of the fee taken for the highest rent included in the same certificate; and the like fees as

to be distributed aforesaid, and no more, shall be taken for the inrolment of the said cer-as the Sur- tificates and receipts; which said fees shall be received by and distributed yeyor General amongst the officers and clerks of the said Surveyor General, in such manner and proportion as the said Surveyor General shall direct.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where the consideration money contracted to he paid for any purchase or discharge whatsoever authorised to be made by this Act, shall exceed the sum of ten pounds, the certificate of the said Surveyor General shall be written upon parchment, stamped or notified with such a stamp duty as is required by’ law for common conveyances of lands, and no other stamp shall be requisite for the cashier’s receipt for such consideration money; and where such consideration money shall not exceed the sum of ten pounds, the said certificates shall or may be written on parchment, without any other stamp duty than such as shall by law be requisite for the cashiers receipt; ana that In all cases where the consideration to be paid for the purchase of any such rent or rents, by the owners of the lands tenements or hereditaments out of which the same are payable, to any purchaser or purchasers of such rents under this Act, his or their heirs and assigns, shall not exceed the sum of ten pounds, the conveyance thereof shall or may be written on parchment, without any other stamp duty than such as shall by law be

Feet to be paid for Certificates; and

hall direct.

Stamp Duty on Certificate!, Receipts, See.

The Contracts of Persons neglecting to procure Certificates, &c. for 14 daysto be null, and the Consideration money forfeited, unless the Surveyor-General shall order InrolMooey paid into the Bank to be laid o.; t in the 3 per Cent Consols, &c.

required for the receipt for the consideration money.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any person or persons, with whom the said Surveyor General shall contract for any of the rents by this Act authorised to be sold discharged or extinguished, shall neglect to procure and sue forth the certificate of the said Surveyor General of his her or their contract, or shall neglect to pay into the Bank the consideration money therein to be specified, or shall neglect to inrol such certificate, and the cashier’s receipt for the said money, according to the direction of this Act, for the space of fourteen days, to be computed from the day on which such contract shall have been made, the said contract shall be null and void, and the consideration money if paid into the Bank shall be forfeited, unless the said Surveyor General snail, for any reasonable cause to him shewn for the omission of such inrolment, order the said certificate to be inrolled, nunc pro tunc, and which, upon such cause being shewn, he is hereby authorised to order accordingly.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every sum and sums of money which shall*be paid into the Bank of England under or by virtue of this Act, on account of the sale of fee-farm rents, shall from time to time be laid out, by the order of the said Surveyor General, in the purchase of three per centum consolidated Bank annuities, in the name of the Lord High Treasurer of England, in which name the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby authorised and required to permit transfers to be made of the annuities funds or stock soWbe purchased, and such

Class XII.]

Land Revenue o f the Crown.

517

transfers to be accented by the said Surveyor General, for and in the name No. XXXV.* of the Lord High Treasurer of England, and the said Surveyor General is’hereby required to accept the same accordingly; and that all and singular the annuities so to be purchased and accepted shall remain investedjin the c* 75. Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, and shall not be transferred or trans- Annuities not ferable without the authority of Parliament; but all the interests of the to be trans-said annuities or yearly dividends shall be, from time to time, paid by the ferred without said Governor and Company into the hands of such person or persons as authority of shall be appointed to receive the same, by warrant or power ot attorney. Parliament, but under the hand and seal of the Lord High Treasurer, or of the Commis- Interest to be sioners of the Treasury for the time being, and shall, by force and virtue PJ*4 by order of this Act, be deemed and taken in law to be part of the said land °* ^re*"

revenues of the crown, and shall be from time to time answered ac- *V.1T and?P" counted for applied and appropriated to such and the same uses and purposes as the land revenues of the Crown now are, or would hereafter nueJ nave been liable to have been applied and appropriated to in case this Act had not been made.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Surveyor GeSurveyor General of the Crown Lands, now and for the time being, (the ncral *n»y corn-consent of the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Trea- ~ .

sury, or any three of them, for the time being, having been in each Arrcan0IIU ' case previously obtained,) shall have the same power to compound for

arrears of any of the said rents as was vested in the said Commissioners by the said Acts of the twenty-sixth and thirtieth years of the reign of his present Majesty.

XVIII. And whereas by an Act made in the twenty-seventh year of 27 Geo. IIL

* the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Sale of certain c. 22. and Houses and Crounds belonging to hit Majesty, it was enacted, that it should

* and might be lawful fur the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners

* of the Treasury for the time being, to treat contract and agree for the

* sale or for the leasing of all or any part of the estate right title or

* interest in or to all or any of the houses messuages tenements and ground

* therein particularly mentioned and specified: And whereas by another

* Act made in the thirty-second year of the reign of his said Majesty, in‘ tiluled An Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the Twenty-seventh Year .12 Geo. IIL of his present Mtjesfy, as relates to the Sale of the House in Privy Garden c. 24. recited.

heretofore used as an Office for the Commissioners of the Lottery f and to enable his Majesty to grunt the same, it was enacted, that so Vliuch of the said Act as related to the sale or leasing of the said ^iousc in Privy 1 Garden should be, and the same was thereby repealer1.: And whereas no- treaty contract or agreement hath been entered ir*co by the Lords Coin- missioners of the Treasury for the sale or leasing of any of the said *

houses messuages tenements or ground by virtue of the said first-men- tioned Act; and it is not expedient that the same should be sold or

* leased under the said Act Be it therefore further enacted, That so much So much or

of the said first-mentioned Act as was not repealed by the said Act of recit«d the thirty-second year of his Majesty’s reign shall be and the same is Act’ hereby repealed; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for his Ma- "P6*1*1

jesty his heirs and successors, from time to lime to grant demise or assure latter* r*Pealed« all or any part or parts of the said premises for such terms estates and

interests, and under and subject to such limitations reservations restrictions provisoes and conditions as are enacted and provided in and by this Act, m respect of any other messuages tenements or ground of the like nature of descriptions belonging to his Majesty.

XIX. And whereas it may be expedient to permit the lessees or Leases may be € grantees of lands tenements or hereditaments under the authority of surrendered, *

4 mis Act to alien the lands tenements or hereditaments so demised or and new ones

4 granted in parcels, and for that purpose to surrender the subsisting granted.

4 lease or grant thereof for the purpose of obtaining distinct leases or grants of such several parcels, reserving in the whole the same rent as

* shall have been reserved by 6uch surrendered'lease or grant, or more; * be it enacted, That it shall'be lawful for hi3 Majesty hit heirs and suesta

No. XXXV. 34 Geo. UL

c. 75.

Act not to afftct die power of the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster.

59 & 40 G.III.

c. 88.

His Majesty his Heirs and Successors, may by Warrant under the Sign Manual direct the execution of any Trusts, to which Lands becoming vested in them by escheat, &c.

In right of the Crown would have been liable In case they had not escheated, &c. and to restore Such Lands or reward the Persons discovering such escheats, &c.

Land Revenue of the Crown. [Put II.

ceasora at my time, upon surrender of any subsisting lease or grant, to make any new leases or grants of the same lands tenements or hereditaments in parcels; provided such new leases or grants be for the same term of yean, and there be reserved thereon in the whole the same annual rent or more as was granted and reserved by such surrendered lease or grant; and provided also, that such new leases or grants shall contain the same covenants as were contained in such surrendered lease or grant, so far as the subdivision of such lands tenements or hereditaments wifi permit.

XX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That this Act or any thing herein contained shall not extend or be construed to extend to any manors messuages lands tenements tithes or other hereditaments within the ordering and survey of the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster, or to any of the rents and revenues thereof or to any lease or grant leases or grants made or to be made under the seals of the Duchy and county palatine of Lancaster, or either of them; but that all and singular the manors messuages lands tenements tithes and other hereditaments of and belonging to the said duchy shall and may remain and continue to be granted and demised by his Majesty bis heirs and successors for the like terms estates and interests, and the rents and revenues thereof io be received and applied under the older and direction of the Chancellor and Council and other offi<$rs of the said duchy to and for the like uses and purposes, and in like manner and form, as before the passing of this Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. [Surveyor General to certify to the King and the Parliament what leases have been made, &c.]

XXII. [Surveyor General may send and receive letters free of

postage]

[No. XXXVI.] 39 & 40 George III. c. 88.—An Act concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Per-*onal Property of his Majesty his Heirs and Successors; and also of the Real and Personal Property of her Majesty and of the Queen Consort for the Time being. . — [28th July 1800.]

XII. Av'd whereas divers lands tenements and hereditaments have become and hereafter become vested in his Majesty his heirs and successors by escheat or otherwise, in right of the Crown, which in the hands of any of his Majesty’s subjects would be chargeable with certain trusts or applicable to certain purposes, and his Majesty his heirs or successors may be desirous that the same should be applied accordingly, notwithstanding any right which he or they may have to hold the same discharged from such trusts, or without applying the same to such purSoses; but by reason of the provisions contained in the said Acts of the rst year of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, and the thirty-fourth year of his Majesty’s reign, doubts may be raised whether his Majesty his heirs or successors can direct such application thereof: And whereas divers lands tenements and hereditaments, as well freehold as copyhold, have escheated and may escheat to his Majesty his heirs or successors for want of heirs of the persons last seised thereof or entitled thereto, or by reason of some forfeiture or otherwise, although not forfeited for treason or felony; and it is expedient to enable his Msycsty to direct the execution of any such trusts or purposes as aforesaid, and to make any grants of any such manors lands tenements or hereditaments as aforesaid, notwithstanding the provisions contained in the said recited Actsbe it enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty his heirs and successors, by warrant under his or their sign manual, to direct die execution of any trusts or purposes to which any manors messuages lands enements or hereditaments which have escheated or shall escheat to his Mipesty his heirs or successors shall have been liable at the time the

Class XII.] Land Revenue of the Crown.

same so escheated respectively, or would have been liable in the hands of any of his Majesty’s subjects, and to make any grants of such manors lands tenements and hereditaments respectively to any trustee or trustees or otherwise, for the execution of such trusts, and to make any giants of any lands tenements or hereditaments which have escheated or shall escheat as aforesaid to any person or persons, either for the purpose of restoring the same to any of the family of the person or persons whose estates the same had been, or of rewarding any persons or person making discovery of any such escheat, as to his Majesty his heirs or successors respectively shall seem fit; any thing in the said Acts or any of them to the contrary notwithstanding.

m

No. XXX VL $9 fit 40 Geo. HIV

* It would be very deanble, that the principle of tha enactment ahould be carried further, and ihtt in all cases where estates held in trust, or by way of mortgage, devolve on the Crown by escheat, a grant could be made for the benefit of the perries really interested, without the necessity of a previous inquisition. The statutes 8 & 18 H. 6. ante, afforded a very salutary protection against an evident in attachment of the Crown upon the rights of the subject, for the sake of gratifying particular favourites; but as the prerogative is now invariably exercised in support of the beneficial interests which weuld exist, as between subject and subject, there is no longer a

necessity for restricting the exercise of that prerogative by a continuance of the regulations intended as a guard against mischiefs which can no longer be apprehended, and the compliance with which regulations is attended with a very heavy and often a very inconvenient expence. 1 apprehend that no objection could reasonably be mado to an enactment enabling the Crown to maker such grants upon the report of the Attorney and Solicitor-General, or of a proper officer of tho Exchequer and other courts of revenue; saving to all persons such rights at law or in equity as they would have had against the hahfe of the person^ upon whose rtcmec the has taken pleosU

47 Geo. tlL it. 2. c.24» .

39*40

G. III. C* 89k, j

[No. XXXVI. a] 47 Geo. III. stat. 2. c. 24.—An Act to

explain and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of hi9 present Majesty, concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of his Majesty, .his heirs and Successors, and also of the Real and Personal Property of her Majesty and of the Queen Consort for the time being. — [1st August 1807-]

TIT WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the " reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of his Majesty, his neirs and Successors, and also of the Real and Personal Properly of her Majesty, and of the Queen Consort fir the Time being, it was ajnong other things recited, that divers lands tenements and hereditaments had become and might thereafter become vested in his Majesty his heirs and successors, by estreat or otherwise in right of the Crown, which in the hands of any of his Majesty's subjects would be chargeable with certain trusts or applicable to certain purposes, and his Majesty his heirs or successors might be desirous that the same should be applied accordingly, notwithstanding any right which he or they might have to hold the same discharged from such trusts or without applying the same to such purposes; but that by reason of the provisions contained in the Acts of the first year of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, and the thirty-fourth year of his present Majesty’s reigtr, doubts might be raised w hether his Majesty his neirs or successors could direct such application thereof; and that divers lands tenements and hereditaments, as well freehold as copyhold, had escheated and might escheat to his Majesty his heirs or successors, for want of heirs of the persons last seised thereof or entitled thereto, or by reason of some for-? feiture or otherwise, although not forfeited for treason or felony.; and that it was expedient to enable his Majesty to direct the execution of any such trusts or purposes as aforesaid, and to make any grants of any such manors lands tenements or hereditaments as aforesaid, notwithstanding the provisions contained in the said recited Acts; and it was therefore, in and by the said last recited Act, enacted, That it should be lawful for his Majesty his heirs and successors, by warrant ^pder their sign manual, to direct the execution of any trusts or purposes to

520

No. XXXVII. a

47 Geo. III. 8t. 2. c. 24.

In cum where hit Majesty shall become entitled to freehold or Copyhold Premises, he may direct the execution of any Trusta or purposes to which they may have been directed to be applied, and may make Grants thereof, &c.

Land Revenue of the Croum. [Part II.

which any manors messuages, lands tenements or hereditaments which, has escheated or should escheat to his Majesty his heirs or successors should have been liable at the time the same so escheated respectively, or would have been liable in the hands of any of his Majesty’s subjects; and to make any grants of such manors lands tenements and hereditaments respectively to any trustee or tiustees, or otherwise, for the execution of such trusts, and to make any grants of any lands tenements or hereditaments which had escheated or should escheat as aforesaid to any person or persons, either for the purpose of restoring the same to any of the family of the person or persons whose estates the same had been, or of rewarding any persons or person making discovery of any such escheat, as to his Majesty his heirs or successors respectively should seem fit; And whereas doubts have arisen whether the powers given by the said last-recited Act extend to manors messuages lands tenements or hereditaments which have or may come to his Majesty his heirs and successors in right of his Duchy of Lancaster, or Uy reason that the same had been purchased by or for the use of, or in trust for any alien or aliens, and whether the same extend to enable his Majesty to grant any rents or arrears of rent accrued or become due in respect of any ipanors messuages’ lands tenements or hereditaments before any grant thereof under the said Act: And it is expedient that such doubts should be removed; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in all cases in which his Majesty his heirs or successors hath, or shall, in right of his Crown or of his Duchy of Lancaster, became entitled to any freehold or copyhold manors messuages lands tenements or hereditaments, either by escheat for want of heirs or by reason of any forfeiture, or by reason that the same had been purchased, by or for the use of or in trust for any alien or aliens, it shall be lawful for his Majesty his heirs and successors, by warrant under his or their sign manual, or under the seal of the Duchy or county palatine of Lancaster, according to the nature of the title to such manors messuages lands tenements or hereditaments respectively, to direct the execution of any trusts or purposes to which the same may have been directed to be applied, and to make grants of such manors messuages lands tenements or hereditaments, or of any rents or profits then due and in arrear to his Majesty in respect thereof respectively, to any trustee or trustees, or otherwise, for the execution of any such trusts or purposes, or to any person or persons for the purpose of restoring the same to any of the family of the person or persons whose estates the same had been, or of carrying into effect any intended grant conveyance or devise of any such person or persons in relation thereto, or of rewarding any person or persons making discovery of any such escheat, or of his Majesty’s right and title thereto, as to his Majesty his heirs or successors respectively shall seem fit; any thing in the said recited Acts or any other Act heretofore made to the contrary notwithstanding.

[No. XXXVII.] 48 George III. c. 73.—An Act to improve the Land Revenue of the Crown in England, and and also of his Majesty’s Duchy of Lancaster. — [I8tk June 1808.]

48 Geo. III. «TOWHEREAS an Act passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of c. 73t 1 his present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Management of

34 Geo. III. the Land TUvc nut of the Qroron, and for the Sale of Fee farm and other c.75. unbnproveable Kents; and it is expedient, that further provisions should

be made for the better management of the land revenues of the Crown1 His Majesty ordering and survey of the Exchequer, and of the Duchy of

nay grant1 Lancaster; he it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty,

fa 99 by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal rem of Lands for Gardens, to be used with Houses built either on Crown lands or others.^ lC

Class XU.] Land Revenue the Crown.' 52 L

and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority No. of the same. That where any land or ground belonging or hereafter to XXXVII. belong to his Majesty his heirs or successors, within the ordering and r survey aforesaid, shall be deemed by the Lord High Treasurer or Com- 111.

missioners of the Treasury, or the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster c. 73. for the time being, fit and proper for gardens yards curtilages and other appurtenances to be used and enjoyed with any house or houses or buildings erected or to be erected upon ground belonging either to his Majesty his heirs or successors or to any other proprietors, it shall be lawful for his Majesty his heirs or successors to demise or grant such land or ground to any person or persons, or to any bodies politick or corporate, under the mat seal of Great Britain, or the seal of the Exchequer, or the seal of the Duchy and county palatine of Lancaster, for any term or estate not exceeding ninety-nine years to be computed from the date or making of any such lease or grant respectively; or if any such lease or grant be made to take effect in reversion or expectancy, then that the term and estate thereby to be granted, together with the term or estate, terms or estates in possession of and in the same lands and ground, shall not exceed ninety-nine years, computed from the dale or making thereof as aforesaid.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no land or ground Crown Land for garden yard curtilage or other appurtenance to be used and enjoyed not to be with any houses or buildings holden or to be holden under any lease from granted for his Majesty or his royal predecessors, shall be granted of demised for any longer time term or estate exceeding in duration the term or estate for which the ^tenn houses or buildings to which such land or ground shall be so attached as """ House* garden yard curtilage or other appurtenance shall be holden.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this No Lease ef Act no lease of any land or ground belonging or hereafter to belong to Crown Linde his Majesty his heirs or successors, within the ordering and survey of dull be granted-the Exchequer in England, shall in future be granted for any life or for Unlives; any thing in any former Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding; •excepting only such lease or leases for lives, as in and by

a certain Act passed in the forty-fourth year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Staughton in the County of Huntingdon, is and are authorised to be granted.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Crown Leases '

to renew any leases of such land or ground demised or granted under the for Gardena authority of this Act for garden yard curtilage and other appurtenances bo renew-to be used and enjoyed with any houses or buildings, at such times and ed u *be upon such terms, and under and subject to the same rules restrictions *

and provisions as are prescribed by the said recited Act of the thirtythat where any such land shall be neld and used under this Act as a garden yard curtilage or other appurtenance to any houses or buildings holden under any lease from the Crown, it shall be lawful to renew the lease of such land at the same time as the lease of such houses and build-ines are renewed, and for the same term and under the like conditions.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That whenever lands or L€lgci miy grounds, or part of any lands or grounds held Yinder any lease or grant renewed at any from his Majesty or his royal predecessors, shall have been or be deemed Tima, as far sa proper and nt as aforesaid for gardens yards curtilages and other appur- relates to Lands tenances as aforesaid, it shall be lawful at any time during the conti- deemed proper nuance of the demise of any such lands or grounds to renew the leasd or for Gardens, grant thereof, or of-such part thereof as aforesaid, under such provisions and conditions as are hereinbefore prescribed for the demise or grant of any land or ground to be used as a garden yard curtilage or other appurtenance.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Surveyor Gene-for the said Surveyor General, with the approbation of and by the direc- witjl tion of the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for conjei£ the time being, or any three of them, to contract and agree with any body Treasury, purchase Leases of Crown Lands for the Public Service *

598

No. XXX VIL 4QGta.UL

c.73.

Powers of Renewal In renewable Cases where Leases sunendered.

New Leases Ml be pad for by Lessees *

Chancellor of Duchy and Surveyor General easy authorise nunc pro tunc Enrolments Entries or Dockets of Leases, &c.

38 G. 3. c. 60.

42 G.3. c. 116. $ 131, &c.(for Redemption of Land

lbs.)

Zmd Severn* of the Drown. [Pat! VL

or bodies politick or corporate, or person or persons holding any messuages lands premises tenements or hereditaments belonging to the Crown, for the surrender of any lease thereof, or to purchase and buy up any lease, or the remainder of any term of any lease of any messuages lands premises tenements of hereditaments belonging to the Crown, which may be convenient for the public service, and may, by any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, be deemed eligible to be purchased or bought up, and to pay the consideration agreed to oe paid for such surrender or purchase to the body or bodies or person or persons entitled thereto, out of any money arising from any sales heretofore made, and which may be vested in the Bank of England in the three pounds per centum consolidated Bank annuities, or which may hereafter arise from any sale of any property bplonging to the Crown, under this Act or the said recited Acts as aforesaid.

VII. And whereas by the said recited Act new leases to be granted

* upon the surrender of any subsisting lease are limited to the said term of yean as was granted by such surrendered lease; and it may be doubt- fill in cases wherein a power is given by the said recited Act to renew any lease or grant, whether if the subsisting lease be surrendered the same can be renewed for a longer term than was granted by such surrendered lease; ’ be it therefore enacted and declared, That in all cases in which any lease or grant of any lands houses tenements or hereditaments may be renewed under the said recited Act or this Act, it shall be lawful to make any new lease or grant of such premises upon the surrender thereof, for such term and upon the same conditions as if the same had been renewed under the provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, and had not been first surrendered.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all charges and expences of any new lease or grant made upon the surrender of any subsisting lease or grant under the said recited Act of the thirty-fourth year of his present Majesty, shall be borne and defrayed by the lessees or grantees thereof respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the enrolment of any lease or assignment, or minute or dockets thereof, before the Auditor of the Land Revenue or the auditors of the Duchy of Lancaster, or the entry of any lease or assignment, or minute or docket of any lease or assignment, in the office of the said Surveyor General, or auditors of the said duchy, has been or shall be omitted or delayed beyond the period limited in any such lease, it shall be lawful for the Chancellor of the said Duchy of Lancaster or the said Surveyor General, for any reasonable cause to them or either of them shewn for the omission or delay, and they and each of them are and is hereby empowered to authorise and permit die making of any such enrolment or entry nunc pro tunc; and the same respectively when made under such authority shall be as valid and effectual as if made within the period limited for that purpose.

X. And whereas by an Act passed in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for making perpetual, subject to Rtdemp *

tion and Purchase in the manner therein stated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for one Year, from the Twenty *

4 fifth Day of March, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Nbiety-eight; and by another Act passed in the forty-second year of his present Majesty,

4 intituled An Act for consolidating the Previsions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax into one Act, and for making further Provision for the Redemption and Sale thereof and for removing Doubts respecting the Right of Persons claiming to vote at Elections for Knights of the Shire and other Members to serve in Parliament, in respect of Mcs *

4 sueges Lands or Tenements, the Land Tax upon which shall have been redeemed or purchased; the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster for the time being is empowered to sell and dispose of, and thereupon to grant and assure in the name of his Majesty Ins heirs and successors, under the seal of the said Duchy of Lancaster, such and so

* m}fch of manors messuages lands tenements tithes mines mineral *

4 collieries woods wood grounds fens marshes or waste lands belonging

Class XII.]

JLottA Revenue of tike Crown.

to the Crown, as are within the survey and receipt of the said duchy, as would raise a sum sufficient for the redemption of the land tax charged

Na.

, ., XXXVIL

g on the revenues belonging to the Crown within the survey and receipt of

* the said duchy: And whereas it may be expedient, that power should "»

* be continued in the said Chancellor and Council to sell such portion of c* 7&

1 die said revenues as shall be the least productive in proportion to their

1 value before or after the said land tax charged upon the revenues belonging to the said duchy shall have been redeemedlie it therefore enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Chancellor and Council of the Council of said Duchy of Lancaster for the time being, to sell and dispose of to any Duchy of Lan-person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, from time to time, ana cuter empow-thereupon to grant and assure in the name of his Majesty his heirs and end to ullcer-successors, under the seal of the said duchy, such manors or lordships tain Mod* iaa» belonging to the Crown as are within the survey and receipt of the said duchy, as consists of the manerial rights without any lands or with very <* woted small quantities of land belonging to them, and where the greater part of the lands over which the manerial rights extend is the property of individuals, and of manors or lands of which his Majesty in right of iiis duchy as aforesaid is not the sole proprietor, but is entitled to an undivided share jointly with individuals, and intermixed with the property of individuals, and lying remote from other property belonging to the Crown, and of

ground or buildings appertaining or antiently held with any castle or strong uilding now or lately used for a common gaol, or with any building used for holding the assizes or sessions in any county or district, or tor the court house or gaoler's house, or in which the magistrates for any county or district may claim to have rights from the length of use or enjoyment for the public purposes of such county and district, and of tithes belonging to the Crown, within the survey of the said duchy aforesaid, issuing out of lands which are the property of individuals, and of mills fisheries ferries tolls and stalls of markets and fairs, and wastes belonging to the Crown, within the survey of the duchy aforesaid, upon or from which usurpations or incroachments have been made by individuals, for the best prices or considerations in money which the said Chancellor and Council shall be able to procure for the same; and the purchase money to be paid for the same shall from time to time be paid into the hands of the Receiver General of the revenues of the said duchy, in the like manner as the monies arising from the sale of lands of the duchy authorised by the said recited Acts of the thirty-eighth and forty-second years of his present Majesty are directed to be paid; and all sales made under this Act of the property herein-before described, shall be made in the same manner anu form, and under the like rules regulations and provisions, and shall be to all intents and purposes as valid and effectual as if the same had been made under the said Acts of the thirty-eighth and forty-second years of his present Majesty, or either of them.

XI. And whereas by an Act passed in the thirty-eighth year of his Land Tax Re- '

present Majesty, intituled An Act for making perpetual, subject to Re- dexm*ka Acts € demption and Purchase in the manner therein stated, the several Sums (f 38 G. 3* c. 60.

Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for one Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One Thousand Seven Aundred und Ninety- eight; and another Act passed in the Forty-second Year of his said 42G. 3. c.llfc present Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating the Provisions of the $ 131, &c.

* several Acts pasted for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax into one 1 Act, and for making further Provision for the Redemption and Sale thereof, \

4 and for removing Doubts respecting the Right of Persons claming to vote at Elections for Knights of the Shire and other Members to serve in Parliament, in respect of Messuages Lands or Tenements, the Land Tax upon which shall have been redeemed or purchased; the said Surveyor General of the land revenues of the Crown for the time being was empowered to contract for the sale from time to time of such or so much of the manors messuages lands tenements tithes mines minerals collieries woods wood grounds fens marshes or waste lands belonging to the Crown, within the survey or receipt of the Exchequer in England, as

vj

Surveyor-General empowered to sell Manors, Quit Rents and certain Rights of the Crown under Regulations of recited Acts.

Application of the Purchase Money.

Produce of Seles of Duchy and Crown Lands, Ac. c. shall be invested in three per Cent. Stock applicable as Stock under Land Tax Redemption Acts. 38 A 42 G. 3.

Land Revenue of the Crown. [Part II.

1 would raise a sum sufficient for the redemption of the land tax charged 1 on the land revenue be longing to the Crown: And whereas in pursuance

* of the said recited provision, certain parts of the property of the Crown € which are least productive in proportion to their value, have been selected 1 for the purpose of being sold, and a large part thereof has actually been 1 sold to great advantage, and the augmentation of the land revenue of the Crown; but a considerable portion of the different kinds of property 1 so selected for sale will still remain undisposed of, after the necessary

* fund for the redemption of such land tax snail have been raised; and

* it is expedient that power should be continued to the Surveyor General € to sell the said portion of property so remaining undisposed of under 1 the said recited Acts, and to make further sales ot property of the like description be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor General for the time being, to contract or agree with any person or persons, or any bodies politick or corporate, for the sale from time to time of such manors or lordships belonging to the Crown as consist of manerial rights and quit rents, without any lands or with very small quantities of land belonging to them; and where the greater part of the lands over which the manerial rights extend is the property of individuals, and of manors or lands of which his Majesty is not the sole proprietor, but is entitled to an undivided share jointly with individuals, and of lands dispersed in small quantities, and intermixed with the property of individuals, and lying remote from other property telonging to the Crown, and of grounds or buildings appertaining to or antiently held with any castle or strong building now or lately-used for a common gaol, or with any building used for holding the assizes or sessions in any county or district, or for a court house or gaoler's house, or in which the magistrates of any county or district may claim to have rights from length of use or enjoyment for the public purposes of such county or district, and of tithes be longing to the Crown issuing out of lands which are the property of individuals, and of mills fisheries and ferries, and mooring chains and wastes belonging to the Crown, the possession of which has been usurped or encroached upon, for the best prices or considerations in money which the said Surveyor General shall be able to procure for the same, and the purchase money to be paid for the same shall from time to time be paid into the Bank of England to the account of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, in like manner as the monies arising from the sales of Jana revenue authorised by the said recited Acts of the thirty-eighth and forty-second year of his present Majesty are directed to be paid; and all sales made under this Act of property herein-before described, shall be made in the same manner and form, and under the like rules regulations and provisions, and shall be to all intents and purposes as valid and effectual as if the same had been made tinder the said recited Acts of the thirty-eight and forty-second years of his present Mayes tv, or either of them.

XII. Provided always and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Chancellor and Council of the said duchy, and the said Surveyor General to order and direct that the purchase monies which shall hereafter arise by sales to be made of property belonging to his Majesty his heirs and successors, within the ordering and survey aforesaid, under the said recited Acts of the thirty-eighth and forty-second years of his present Majesty, or under this Act (excepting only as far as it relates to enfranchisement of copyholds and sales of manerial rights respectively), and which shall be paid into the Bank of England under the directions of any of the three last-mentioned Acts, shall be laid out in the purchase either of three pounds per centum consolidated bank annuities or three pounds per centum reduced annuities, in the names of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, or in the name of the Duchy of Lancaster, in like manner in all respects as is prescribed in the said recited Acts of the thirty-eighth and forty-second years of his pre-’ sent Majesty, with relation to purchases of three pounds per centum con* solidated Bank annuities under those recited Acts respectively, and the

t ^.

Class XII.] Land Revenue of the Crown.

capital stock purchased under the provisions of this Act, whether three per. centum consolidated Bank annuities or three per centum reduced Annuities, and the interest or dividends arising therefrom shall be subject to be disposed of and applied in the same manner, to the same purposes, and under the same rules regulations and provisions as are prescribed in the said recited Acts of the thirty-eighth and forty-second years of his present Majesty, with respect to stock purchased by sales of any of the said land revenues authorised by the said last-mentioned Acts, and with respect to the dividends and yearly interest arising therefrom.

535

No. XXXVII.

48 Geo. ni: c .73.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor G«-Surveyor General for the time being to contract and agree with any per- nenl empow-son or persons, or body or bodies politick or corporate, being tenant or «r«l to coo-tenants of any copyhold or customary tenements parcel of or holden of tract for the any manor belonging to the Crown within the survey or receipt of the enh*n*hwe-Exchequer in England, for the enfranchisement of any such copyhold 01 VST* teuements, or with any person or persons (though not such tenants of any such copyhold tenements) for the sale of the manerial rights belong- xtohoTbekxw-ing to the Crown therein, at or for the best prices or considerations in money which the said Surveyor General shall or may be able to procure of the Crown, for the same, and which shall be approved of by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, and the tenements so agreed to be enfranchised, or upon which the manerial rights shall have been so contracted for, and the consideration to be paid for the same, shall be specified in a certificate to be granted for that purpose, and the consideration monies so to be paid shall be accepted and receipt given for the same, and the said certificate and receipt shall be enrolled and the enrolment thereof shall be attested in the same form and manner and .

under the same rules regulations and provisions respectively (except 3^75.^* where it is otherwise provided by this Act) as are contained in the said ? Ac^d recited Act of the thirty-fourth year of his present Majesty, with relation to the conveyance of fee-farm rents to the purchasers thereof under that Act; and such certificate and receipt shall also in the court rolls of the manor under which the tenement to which the same relates is holden, be enrolled by the steward of such manor or his lawful deputy, who is hereby required forthwith to enrol such certificate and receipt upon the production thereof to him, and having enrolled the said certificate and receipt as aforesaid shall attest the same under his hand, and return the said certificate and receipt to the purchaser or purchasers; and from and immediately after such enrolments and thenceforth for ever the respective copyhold tenements included in any such certificate relating to tnc enfranchisement thereof shall be enfranchised, and the tenants thereof respectively shall hold the same freed and discharged of and from all claims and demands which can or may be made by hb Majesty his heirs or successors, or by any person or persons lawfully claiming by from or under them as lords of the manor to which such tenements before the enfranchisement thereof belonged, and as fully and amply to all intents and purposes as his Majesty his heirs or successors might or could have held or enjoyed the same; and from and immediately after such enrolments and thenceforth for ever the respective purchases of any manerial rights mentioned in any such certificate relating to the purchase thereof, and their heirs and assigns, shall by force of this Act be adjudged deemed and taken to be in the actual seisin and possession of the manerial rights so by them respectively purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the same peaceably and auietly, freed and discharged from all claims and demands of his Majesty nis heirs and successors, or any person claiming under him or them, as fully and amply to all intents and purposes as his Majesty his heirs and successors might or could have held or enjoyed the same if such sale had not taken place.

XIV. Provided always and be it further enacted, That no such con- Consent of the tract shall be made unless by special warrant, to be issued for that pur- Treasury repose by the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury quired. for the time being, or any three of them.

Produce of such Enfranchisements, &c shall be invested in Three per

34- G. 3 - c» 75. § 16. and a separate Account kept *

Certificate shall be given hr the Surveyor Conceal to Purchasers, &c. on production whereof, and payment of the Money, Bank shall give Receipts.

Land Raceme of the Crown. [Part H.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the purchase money or consideration to be paid for every such enfranchisement or purchase of manerial rights, shall from time to time be paid into the Bazik of England to the account of the Lord High Treasurer of England, for the enfranchisement of copyholds of crown manors, and shallbe laid out in the purchase of three pounds per centtun consolidated Bank annuities in the name of the Lord High Treasurer, by order of the said Surveyor General (who is for that purpose hereby authorised to make drafts on the Bank for the same) in like manner as is directed by the said recited Act passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and for the Sale of Fee-farm and other unimproveable Rents; but nevertheless in such manner that the accounts may be kept separate and distinct from the* accounts of the sales made and stock purchased in pursuance of the said Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said Surveyor General shall have contracted with any person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, for the enfranchisement of any such tenements or other hereditaments or sale of the manerial rights therein, the said Surveyor General shall grant to the respective purchaser or purchasers a certificate under his hand, specifying the premises so agreed to be enfranchised or sold, and the amount of the purchase money to be paid for the same, and which is hereby required to be paid within thirty days from the date of such certificate, and the cashiers of the Bank, or one of them, shall, upon the production of such certificate, accept and receive the purchase monies therein specified, and at the foot or on the back of such certificate acknowledge the receipt of the same without fee or reward; which certificates ana receipts snail be in the form of words followings or as near thereto as may be; (that is to say)

4 By the Surveyor General of his Majesty's Land Revenue.

Form of Ceiti- < HPHESE are to certify, That the said Surveyor General hath contracted ficate* 4 and agreed on behalf of the King’s most Excellent Majesty, with

4 of

* for the [enfranchisement of] or [sale of the manerial

4 rights belonging to the Crown, in and upon] the copyhold or customary tenements herein-after mentioned, bolden by the said

by copy of Court Roll of his Majesty’s manor of

* in the county of (that is

4 to say) All that [here insert the description of the premises'] at or for the r the price or sum of to ne paid by the said

into the Bank of England!, and carried to the account of the Lord

* High Treasurer of England for enfranchisement of copyholds of crown manors [where there u a subsisting lease of the manor to insert] subject nevertheless [reciting the lease] and from and immediately after pay-c ment of the said sum in manner aforesaid, and the enrolment of this certificate, and the receipt for the said sum in the office of the Auditor

* of his Majesty’s Land Revenue for the county aforesaid, and in the

* Court Rolls of the said manor, and thenceforth for ever the said

4 and his heirs and assigns, shall hold and enjoy

the said [premises as freehold in fee and common soccage, freed and discharged of and from all fines heriots reliefs quit-rents and other customary dues and payments suits and services whatsoever] or [manerial

* rights, in as full and ample a manner to all intents and purposes as his

Majesty his heirs and successors could or might have held and enjoyed the same] by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the forty-eighth year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act [here insert the title of this Act.] Given under the hand of the said Surveyor General, this day of

4 Witness to the signing said Surveyor Genei

the

Class XII.] Land Revenue the Cromt,

DECEIVED the day of

* of and from the above-named the sum of

9 of lawful money of Great Britain, being the Consideration Money expressed in the above written certificate.

* Witness my hand,

* For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

Cashier. ’

Form of Receipt by the Bank.

Which certificates and receipts shall not be charged or chargeable with any Such Certify other stamp duty than such as is by law required for the receipts for the cate and &*-respective sums therein expressed to be paid as the consideration for such ceipt (with enfranchisements or for such manerial rights; and such certificates and Receipt Stamp receipts shall be good sufficient valid and effectual in the law for convey- thereon) asiffi-ing and assuring the several messuages tenements and hereditaments cicat Convey* therein respectively to be comprised enfranchised and discharged, and the said manerial rights therein specified, unto and to the use of the several and respective persons therein to be named, and their heirs and assigns for ever.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all rules regulations provisions Pnmriom of clauses matters and things contained in the said recital Act of the thirty- 34 G. 3. c. 75. fourth year of his present Majesty, and in force before the passing of this extended to Act, with respect to the sales of fee-farm rents, and the certificates and Act. receipts relating thereto authorised by that Act, shall be in force and be

applied as far as the same are applicable and are not altered by this Act with relation to the enfranchisement of copyholds and sales of manerial rights, and to the certificates and receipts concerning the same authorised by this Act.

XVIII. And whereas great uncertainty prevails as to what stamp duties ought by law to be imposed upon contracts for the sale of fee4 farm rents under an Act made in the twenty-sixth year of his present 26 G. 3.C. 87 *

* Majesty, intituled An Art for appointing Commissioners to inquire into 9 the State and Condition of ike Woods Forests and Land Revenues belong* ing to the Crown, and to sell or alienate Fee-farm and other unimproae* able Rents; and under another Act made in the thirtieth year of his pre- 30 Qm

* sent Majesty, intituled An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the 9 Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for 9 appointing Commissioners to inquire into the State and Condition of the 9 Woods Forests and Land Retenues belonging to the Crown, and to sell or 9 alienate Fee-farm and other unimproveMe Rents, and under the said

9 recked Act of the thirty-fourth year aforesaid, and also upon leases 34 G. 3. c. 75.

granted by the Crown under the said recited Act of the thirty-fourth 9 year aforesaid, to the great grievance and hardship of purchasers of such 9 Tee-farm rents and lessees of the Crown respectively* Be it enacted.

That no contracts made under any of the said recited Acts of the twenty- No farmer Con-sixth thirtieth or thirty-fourth years of his present Majesty for the sale tract* and of fee-farm rents, nor any leases made under the great seal or seal of Laaaee, the Exchequer of any lands or other hereditaments belonging to the "j* Crown, within the ordering and survey of the Exchequer, since the said recited Act of the thirty-fourth year aforesaid, shall be null and void on *~ "* *"* account of the same respectively not being duly stamped, or the stamp "* duty not having been duly paid thereon respectively, and that no con- *

tract which shall be hereafter made for the enfranchisement of any copy- future Coahold, or for the sale of any'manerial rights under this Act, or the sale of tracts and any fee-farm rents or other hereditaments belonging to the Crown, within tosses shall be, the ordering and survey of the Exchequer aforesaid, nor any lease or exempt from grant which shall be made pursuant to the regulations of this Act or of Stamp Duties, the said Act of the thirty-fourth year of his present Majesty’s reign, which shall be hereafter made of any lands or other hereditaments Belonging to the Crown within the ordering and survey last aforesaid, shall be subject to any stamp duty whatever.

XIa. And whereas by the said recital Act of the thirty-fourth year 34 G. 3* c. 75.

9 of his present Majesty, it is amongst other things enacted, That it shall { 5,

528 Land Revenue of the Crown. [Part II.

No. 1 not be lawful to renew any grant or lease of any tenements or herejlitaXXXVTI. authorised by the said Act to be granted for any term not exceed *

ing ninety-nine years, until within twenty years of the period of the 48 Geo. III. < expiration of the same, except in certain cases therein specified; And

c. 73. whereas it is expedient that a power of renewal should be allowed in

1 other cases not specified in the said exception be it therefore enacted, Whew Houses ^at where any nouse or ocher building shall require or shall be in-of inclineil tended and agreed to be rebuilt, or any new house or other building to

value areaKreed erectec* upon any land or ground belonging to the Crown, within the to be built on ordering and survey aforesaid, held under a lease from the Crown, upon Crown Land which other houses or buildings included in the same lease are standing; under Lease, the lessee or grantee shall covenant and agree to build a new house or with Houses’ building, or to rebuild a house or building of such value as to increase

thereon, new the value of the whole property included in such lease, it shall be lawful

Leases of the at any time or times hereafter to grant any further or other lease of all

whole may be such land or ground, with the houses and buildings thereupon, as were

granted for any included in the former lease, for any term or estate (except for life or Term under lives) not exceeding the terras and estates authorised by the said recited

arid Act (ex- Act of the thirty-fourth year aforesaid to be granted; provided that in

cqpt far Life.) every such lease there be reserved and made payable to nis Majesty his

heirs and successors, such rent as is by the said last-mentioned Act or this Act required to be reserved, and that covenants or conditions be inserted therein on the part of the respective grantees or lessees for erecting such new houses or buildings, or rebuilding such houses or buildings, within a reasonable lime, to be in such case limited and appointed ter that purpose, and that such respective improvements shall be of the requisite value.

Where new XX. And be it further enacted, That where any new edifice or building Buddings are shall be erected or agreed to be erected on ground belonging to the Crown, agreed to be within the ordering and survey of the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy erected on - of Lancaster, or of the said Surveyor General aforesaid, or held under any Duchy Land lease from the Crown, for the enlargement of and to be united to and oc-or Crown Land cupied with any house or other building held under any other lease from for enlargement the Crown, it shall be lawful to grant a new lease or leases for any term of existing not exceeding ninety-nine years, as well of the ground on which such "c* new edifice or building shall be erected or agreea to be erected, as of all or any part of any other tenements or hereditaments contained in such new Lesses*’ ^cases J provided that the greater part of the yearly value of the tene-may be granted ments and hereditaments so to be granted shall consist of the buildings of the whole, thereon, or of ground set apart and appropriated for building, or for ne-*. cessary gardens yards curtilages or other appurtenances as aforesaid.

XXI. And whereas the restrictions contained in the said recited Act

* of the thirty-fourth year of his present Majesty, as it now stands, may

* be found inconvenient in respect to the granting of leases of some kinds 1 of property now held under lease from the Crown, and which are of a

Trenory may 1 fluctuating and uncertain valuebe it therefore enacted, That it shall grant and renew be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to grant and Leases of Pro*- renew leases of the profits of agistment of forests disafforested, the property uncertain fits of pra and post nnes arising within the principality of Wales and the in its produce county palatine of Chester, those of lighthouses on beacons and of chains for 31 year *, at for mooring ships, tolls markets and fairs, tithes fisheries femes and other their discretion. art|cles of uncertain produce, for such term of years not exceeding thirty-one years, and for such fine or fines, and under such rent or other reservations and conditions as they shall from time to time think reasonable and expedient.

XXII. And whereas in the said recited Act of the thirty-fourth year c of his present Majesty it was enacted and declared, That where any

* wastes commons or other uninclosed lands or grounds within the ordering and survey aforesaid, in which his Majesty his heirs and successors ' has or shall have any interest, shall be deemed fit and proper to be divided inclosed drained or otherwise improved, and shall be by autho* rity of Parliament or otherwise authorised and directed to be divided

• and inclosed, and wher the term or estate in possession of and in the

529

Clru«s XII.] Land Revenue of' the Crown.

4 same respectively shall be deemed by the Lord High Treasurer or Com- No.

missioners of the Treasury to be insufficient to defray the costs and XXXVII.

4 charges of such works and improvements, with reasonable profit and ,

4 advantage to the parties making or causing the same to be made, or to L, eo* 111

4 their representatives or assigns, in all and every such case and cases it c* 73.

4 shall be law ful t, o renew any such lease, or to grant any further or other lease of any such lands or grounds, or any part thereof, for any term or

* estate not exceeding the terms or estates authorised to be granted of lands tenements or hereditaments of such or the like descriptions,

4 by the Act of the first year of Queen Anne therein mentioned, or by the said recited Act of the thirty-fourth year of his present Majesty aforesaid: And whereas it is expedient that such power of renewal

* should be extended to any other lands comprised in the same lease

4 with such w astes or other uninclosed lands be it therefore further Power of enacted, That whenever any lease shall be renewed under the said reciied j*4 G* Cm provision, with respect to any such wastes commons or other uninclosecj '*to r*neVf lands or grounds, it shall be lawful to icnew the same in like manner and ot j

upon the same terms with respect to any other lands cr grounds conv- e{j *o any*other prized in the same leasd, with such wastes commons or uninclosed lands Lands com-gr grounds. prized in the same Lease.

XXIII. And whereas by the said recited Act of the thirty-fourth year 34 G. 3. c. 75.

4 aforesaid, certain rules are laid down for the reservation of rent, in cases § 3.

4 where there are substantial buildings upon ground to be demised, or the buildings thereupon shall not require or be intended or agreed to be Treasury shall rebuilt, and also in cases where there are no substantial buildings upon ascertain Rent,

the grounds to be demised, or the buildings thereupon require, or snail &c. where be intended and agreed to be rebuilt, or other new buildings erected uptfn I louses are to such land or ground; but no rule is laid down for -cases where upon the be rebuilt or ground to be demised there is some substantial building not required or newdy erected intended or agreed to be rebuilt, and either some other building required °n d?m, 5, fd 4 or intended or agreed to be rebuilt, or some new building is proposed to L*nd’whereon be erected thereonbe it therefore enacted, That in ail cases where Houses'not in-upon the ground to be demhed there is some substantial building not "nded to be required or intended or agreed to be rebuilt, and either some other build- rci>uiit. ing thereon requiring or intended or agreed to be rebuilt, or some new building is intended or agreed to be erected thereon, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury to direct what rent shall be reserved and paid annually, and whether any and what fine shall be taken upon such demise, regard being had to the value of the . buildings on the ground to be demised not intended to he rebuilt, and the proportion it bears to the value of the whole property intended to be demised.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it flirther enacted, That it shall be Treasury may lawful for the I.ord High" Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, reserve Rent 1

when they shall le of opinion that the solidity and value of any old house only, without, or houses to be demised, not required or intended to be rebuilt, is such as Fine, where old to be Sufficient security for the due payment of the whole annual sum Buildings are deemed by them to be a reasonable consideration for such building or substantial, buildings and ground held therewith respectively, for the term and estate to be grapted by and in the same, to diiect that the whole of such consideration shall be reserved and taken in rent only, without taking any fine for the same.

XXV. And whereas it is necessary to vest a discretionary power in the Lord H igh Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, to determine the rent upon leases of lands tenements and hereditaments belonging tio

the crown, within the ordering and survey aforesaid, in certain cases

5 not provided for by lawbe it therefore enacted, That for and in respect power

of any lease or grant under the great seal, or the seal of the Exchequer, of # to aJcer_ any houses or other buildings which shall be certified by surveyors not to tainConsidera-require rebuilding, and which shall be of greater yearly value than the tjoll| either in ground on which they are built, but which a lessee may desire to pull Rent only, or

partly id Rem and partly id Fiat In certain Caaea.

2 M

VOL. I.

la Luae of’Mint!) Sic* Treasury may tMemai Rent a part of the Produce, or a Duty upoo the value thereof

Rights and Interests of the Crown in the Forest of Brecknock may be •old by Surveyor General, with approbation of the Treasury, under the Regulation ‘of this Act as to Bale of Crown

Land Revenue of the Crown. [Part IT.

down in order to erect other houses or buildings of greater value for his own accommodation or advantage, of houses or other buildings which may have been damaged or destroyed by fire, or ground on which such buildings have been erected, and also of houses or other buildings which shall be only in part rebuilt, or to which new bailding* shall be added, and also of ground to be granted as gardens yards or curtilages to houses already erected or to be erected, whether on ground belonging to his Majesty, or to any other proprietor, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury at their discretion, to admit of the consideration being paid, either in rent only or in rent and fipe; provided always, that where a fine shall be taken it shall not exceed the proportion of ene-third part of the net annual value of the premises, in respect of which the same snail be pud, nor be computed at a higher rate than the highest legal interest

* XXV*. And whereas the most usual mode of reservation in leases of

* mines collieries quarries and other mineral and fossil substances, and that which is best adapted to this kind of property, is a certain share of the ore or other produce in kind, or a rent or duty in money payable on 1 the quantity raisedbe it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful in leases under the great seal, or the seal of the Exchequer, of mines collieries quarries and other mineral and fossil substances belonging to his Majesty, within the ordering and survey aforesaid, ‘instead of any other annual rent, to receive such share of the produce in kind, or such rent or duty upon the quantity or value of such produce, as the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury or any three or more of them shall think proper.

XXVII. And whereas his Majesty in right of his crown, is owner of

the soil of the Ortat Forest of Brecknock in the county of Brecknock, and 1 of the mines minerals and other substances within and under the same,

4 and is also entitled to the herbage thereof, subject to the depssturage of cattle of occupiers of certain lands within anil adjacent to the said forest, at annual fixed and customary payments: And whereas by reason of such depasturage of cattle, and the nature and eitent of the said forest, and of the soil, the rights and interests of his Majesty therein

* cannot be made productive in their present state, and it is therefore expedient that power should be given to dispose of the same be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor General for the time being, to contract and agree with any person or persons, or any bodies politick or corporate, for the sale of the soil mines or other minerals, or other substances or herbage, or any other rights or interests of his Majesty his heirs and successors, in the said forest or any part 'thereof, or in any manner appertaining thereto or existing within the same, within the ordering ana survey aforesaid, at or for the best prices or considerations in money which the said Surveyor General shall be able to procure for the same, and which shall be approved of by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being; and the purchase monies to be paid for the same shall from time to time be paid into the Bank of England to the same account, and shall be invested in the purchase of stock of the same denominations, and the stock so purchased, and the interest and yearly dividend arising therefrom shall be' applied in the same manner and subject to the same regulations as are herein-Defore prescribed with respect to the purchase monies arising from the sales of crown lands herein-Defore authorised; and such sales of any such rights and interests in the said forest shall be made in the same manner and under the same regulations, and the certificates and receipts to be given shall be in the same form mutotis mutandis as are herein-before directed with respect to the sales of crown lands; and from and immediately after the enrolment of the said certificate and receipt in the office of the auditor of the land revenue; and thenceforth for ever the respective purchasers their heirs successors and assigns, shall be adjudged deemed and taken to be in the actual seisin and possession of the premises so by them respectively purchased, and shall hold the same peaceably ana quietly, freed ana discharged of and from aH chums and demands which j can or may be made by ms Majesty his heirs pj^ successor or by any 1

Class Xli.j

lydird llevenue qflhe Crowd

person or persons lawfully claiming by him or under bina or them, and of and from all manner of incumbrances whatsoever, as fully and amply to all intents and purposes as his Majesty his heirs sod successors might or Could have heki or eiyoyed die same.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear to •the said Chancellor and Council of the said duchy, or to the said Surveyor General, that it would be for the advantage of the Land Revenue of the Crown to exchange any parcel or parcels of land belonging to his Majesty his heirs and successors, for any Other parcel or parcels of land of equal or nearly equal value, belonging to any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, and such' other person or persons or bodies shall consent to such exchange, it shall be lawful for the Surveyor General of the said duchy and the said Surveyor General to cause the value as well of the said parcel or parcels of laud belonging to his Majesty his heirs or successors, as of the said parcel or parcels of land proposed to be exchanged for such land of his Majesty, to be ascertained by some able and practical surveyor of land, who shall annex to his survey estimate or valu* ation thereof, when completed, an oath (or, being of the people called Quakers, an affirmation) taken and subscribed by him before any justice of the peace or magistrate of the United Kingdom, who is respectively hereby authorized to administer an oath or affirmation in that behalf, the tenor whereof shall be as follows; that is to say,

* J A. B. do swear [or, being a Quaker, do solemnly affirm] That the l- Survey or Account hereto annexed, was faithfully and impartially 1 made by me; that the value of the property of the Crown, and of ' C. D. therein contained, is justly estimated therein, according to the

* best of my skill and judgment; and that all the particulars stated in the said Survey or Account are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Which oath and affirmation so taken and subscribed shall be filed with the survey and estimate in the office of the said Surveyor General, or of the clerk of the council of the said duchy, and the said Surveyor General shall report to the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the said Surveyor General of the said duchy shall report to the Chancellor and Council of the said duchy the grounds of his recommendation of the proposed exchange, together with the said valuation of the respective parcels of lands; ami if the Lord 'High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Chancellor and Council of the said duchy shall, upon due consideration had, approve of such exchange taking place, they shall authorise the said Surveyor General or the proper officers of the said duchy to carry the same into effect, upon such terms and conditions as they shall think fit, provided the same shall be assented to by the person or persons or body with whom such exchange is proposed to be made; and the said Chancellor and Council, and the said Surveyor General shall thereupon cause the said parcel or parcels of land belonging to his Majesty to be conveyed to the said person or persons, or bodies respectively with whom the said exchange is proposed to be made, and such person or persons, or body, shall at the same time convey to the said Chancellor or Council, or to the said Surveyor General, in trust for and on the behalf of his said Majesty his heirs and successors, in right of his crown or in right of his duchy, the said parcel or parcels of land so agreed to be given in exchange for such parcel or parcels of crown land as aforesaid; and from and immediately after the completion of such exchange, the said parcels of land so belonging to his Majesty and given in exchange as aforesaid, shall vest ih the person or persons, or body, to whom the same is conveyed, for the same estate or interest, and as fully and effectually as the said parcel of land so given in exchange did before such exchange: and the said parcels of land so conveyed in exchange to his Majesty shall vest in his Majesty his heirs and successors, in right of his crown or in right of his duchy, as fully and effectually, and be subject to the same appaetdon as the saw paints of land so conveyed in exchange

9 M £

Chancellor, Ac# of Duchy, and Surveyor General, with consent of the Treasury, empowered to ex* change Lands of the Crown for Lands of In* dividual*.

Treasurer, &e» may pay or accept Money for equalising Exchange.

Application of Money Teceiv-ed. '

38 G. 3. c. 60. 42 G. 3. c. 116.

Form of Conveyances of Lands exchanged.

Land Revenue of the Crowd. [Part II.

to such person or persons, or body, was vested in him before such exchange.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury or the Chancellor of the said duchy, if they shall think fit, to direct the payment or acceptance on behalf of his Majesty of such sum of money for equalising any scull exchange as shall be agreed upon between the said Chancellor and Council, or the said Surveyor General and the said person or persons or bodies with whom such exchange is proposed to be made, and where any such money is to be raid to any such person or persons or body for such purpose, such money snail be paid out of the land revenue of the Crown, or out of the revenues of the said duchy; and where any money shall be paid to his Majesty for equalising such exchange, the same, if it shall amount to the sum of fifty pounds, shall be vested m the three pounds per centum consolidated Bank annuities, in the name of the Lord H igh Treasurer, and the dividends thereof shall be applicable as land revenue; and if it shall -not amount to the sum of fifty pounds the same shall be appropriated as land revenue under the direction of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury; or in case of the money being paid to his Majesty in right of his said duchy, the same shall be placed in three per centum consolidated Bank annuities in the name of the Duchy of Lancaster, according to the directions of the said recited Acts of the thirty-eighth and forty-second years of his present Majesty.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to the Chancellor and Council of the said duchy, or to the said Surveyor General for the time Iteing, to act for and on behalf of his Majesty, as well in making as accepting the conveyances of parcels of land so intended to be exchanged as aforesaid; and the conveyances of the land within the ordering and survey of the Exchequer aforesaid, so proposed to be given in exchange by his said Majesty, may be in the following form, or as near thereto as may be; (that is to say),

From the Crown.

Form of Conveyance from the Party.

4 TPI1ESE are to witness, That in consideration of the conveyance of certain lands [describing them] to his said Majesty, in right of bis crown, from C. D. [and also in consideration of the sum of paid by the said C. D.

4 for equality of exchange to the Survey or General of the l!and Revenue of 4. the Crown] the said Surveyor General for and on behalf of his Majesty,

4 doth by these presents grant bargain and sell unto the said C. D. his heirs and assigns, all [describe the parcels of land, $c. sold] to have and to hold the said [parcels, &c.] hereby bargained and sold, and all benefit and advantage thereto belonging, unto and to the use of the said 4 C. D. his heirs and assigns for ever. In witness whereof the same Surveyor General hath hereunto set his hand and seal, this day of in the year of our Lord

4 Witness to the execution by the said Surveyor General

And the conveyance to his Majesty of such lands as are proposed to be taken in exchange for such crown lands, may be in the following form, or as near thereto as may be; (that is to say),

.Conveyance by the person with whom the exchange is proposed to be made:

4 'T'HESE are to witness, That C. D. of in the

4 x county of in consideration of the conveyance

4 to him the said £.D. from the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of the Crown, for and on behalf of his Majesty, of a certain parcel of land

4 [describing it] and also the sum of p«?d

4 to him by the said Surveyor General on behalf of his said Majesty, tpr equality of exchange [if the case be so] doth by these presents grant bargain and sell unto his Majesty his heirs and successors all that parcel of land [describing it] to have and to hold the same to his .said Majesty hit heirs and successors, ip right of Jus crown. In witness whereof tb *

* Goode 533

Class XII.] Land Revenue of the CrowI.

4 said, C. D. hath hereunto set his hand and seal, this day of No.

* in the year of our'Lord XXXVII.

4 Witness to the execution of the said C. D. . _ *

48 ueo. III.

And such instruments respectively shall not be liable to any stamp c. 73 - A^ct may be altered or repealed this session. 5 31. v v

[No. XXXVIII.] 50 George III. c. 65.—An Act for uniting the Offices of Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown and Surveyor General of his Majesty’s Woods Forests Parks and Chases. — [9th June 1810J

[No. XXXIX.] 52 George III. c. 161.—An Act for enabling his Majesty to grant Leases under certain Circumstances, and for the better carrying into Effect the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, touching the Formation of a Map of the New Forest, in the County of Southampton, and continuing and extending other Provisions of the said Act; for further appropriating the Monies arisen or to arise from the Sale of certain Crown Lands under the Authority of divers Acts of Parliament; for annexing certain Lands within the Forest of Rockingham to his Majesty’s Manor of Kings CUffe; and for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to appropriate small* Portions of Land for Ecclesiastical Purposes. — [29th July 1812.]

4 WHEREAS an Act was made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of Gee. in.

* iris present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Management of c# jg],

the Land Revenue of the Crown, and for the Sale of Fee Farm and other r -

4 unimproveable Rents, reciting and repealing a proviso contained in an M 4 Act made in the first year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the better Support of her Majesty's Household, and the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, so far as the same was contrary to any of the provisions of the said Act of the thirty-fourth year of his present Majesty’s reign:And whereas by an Act passed in the forty-eighth year of 48 Geo. III.

the reign of hisjpresent Majesty, intituled An Act to improve the Lund c. 73. f 1.

4 Revenue of the Crown of England, and also of his Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster, it was enacted, that where any land or ground belonging or thereafter to belong to his Majesty his heirs or successors, within the ordering and survey of the Exchequer or of the Duchy of Lancaster,

4 shall be deemed by the Lord High Treasurer or the Chancellor of the

* Duchy of Lancaster for the time being, fit and proper for gardens yards curtilages and other appurtenances to be used and enjoyed with any house or houses or buildings erected or to be erected upon ground belonging either to his Majesty his heirs or successors, or to any other

* proprietors, it should be lawful for his Majesty his heirs or successors to demise or grant such land or ground to any person or persons, or to any bodies politick or corporate under the great seal of Great Britain or the Seal of the Exchequer, or the seal of the Duchy and county palatine

of Lancaster, for any term or estate not exceeding ninety-nine years, to be computed from the date or making any such lease or grant respeo- tively; or if any such lease or grant be made to take effect in reversion

or expectancy, that the term and estate thereby to be granted, together .♦ with the term or estate, terms or estates, ip possession of and in the

Land Revenue of the tern.

[Part 11.

1 Anne, tt. 1. c. 7, $ 6. repealed.

His Majesty

mav lease Lands for building on.

4 same lands and grounds should net exceed ninety-nine yean, computed from the date or making thereof as aforesaid; and it was thereby further enacted, that no land or ground for garden yard curtilage or other appurtenances to be used and enjoyed with any houses or buildings holaen or to be holden under any lease from nis Majesty or hi *

4 royal predecessors, should be granted or demised for any term or estate exceeding ill duration the term or estate for which the houses or buildings to which such land or ground should be so attached as garden yard curtilage or other appurtenances should be holden: And whereas it would tend much to the improvement of the revenues belonging to- his Majesty in right of his said Duchy of Lancaster, if the power of granting leases for the erection repairing or rebuilding of houses and < other buildings on lands within the survey of the said dueby, and of gardens curtilages and appurtenances to be used therewith, were enlarged, and if the provisions in the said recited Act of the thirty-fourth year of his present Majesty were extended to leases granted under the seals of the Duchy and county palatine of Lancaster; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said recited proviso in die said Act of the first year of Queen Avne contained, so far as the same is contrary to any of the provisions of this Act, shall bp and the same is hereby repealeq; and that when any land •or ground belonging or hereafter to belong to his Majesty his heirs or successors, within the ordering and survey of the Chancellor and Council of his Majesty’s Duchy of Lancaster for the time being, fit and proper for the erection of houses or other buildings thereupon, or for the necessary gardens yards curtilages and other appurtenances to be used and exgoyed therewith, and shall be by their order directed to be reserved or set apart and appropriated to that use} or where the lessee or grantee, lessees or grantees, shall agree and covenant to erect buildings thereon of greater yearly value than the land or ground so to be leased or granted; or where the greatest part of the yearly value of any tenements or hereditaments belonging to his Majesty Ms. heirs and successors as aforesaid, doth or shall at the time of making any lease or grrfnt thereof consist of any building or buildings thereupon; in all and evety or any of such cases it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty his heirs and successor to demise or grant the land or ground so directed to be set apart as aforesaid, os the tenements or hereditaments of the description lest aforesaid respectively, to any person or persons or to any body or bodies politick or corporate* under the seal or seals of the said Duchy and county palatine of Lo*-taster for any term-or estate, to as such term or estate do not exceed ninety-nine years or three lives, to be computed from the date or making of any such lease or grant respectively; or if any such lease or grant be piade to take effect in reversion or expectancy, then that the term and estate thereby to be granted, together with the term or estate terms of estates in possession of and in the same land and ground, tenements and hereditaments respectively, shall not exceed niuety-nine years or threw lives computed from the date or making thereof as aforesaid, and so as the respective rents hereinafter specified or reserved for the same; that is to say, where there shall happen to be any substantial building or buildings upon the ground to be demised, ot that the building or buildings thereupon shall not require or not be intended and agreed to be rebuilt, there shall be reserved to Majesty his heirs and successore an annual rent or rents, not being less than two third parts of such annual sum as shall be deemed by the Chancellor and Council of the said dueby for the time being, a reasonable rent or consideration for such building Or buildings and ground respectively for the term and estate intended he gran tea of and in the same, and so as there be paid to the use of his Majesty his heirs and successors, a fine or fines to the amount of the remaining part of such annual sum as aforesaid, subject to a discount which shall not be computed at a higher rate than the highest legal interest at the time of making any such grant or lease; £•§£$ when them shall

Class XH.} Land Revemu of th* Crown* 534

happen to be no substantial building upon the land or ground to be de-. No. mised, or that the building or buildings thereupon required or should be XXXIX. intended and agreed to be forthwith rebuilt, or other new buildings to *

be erected upon such land or ground, then and in that case there shall Geo. IIL

be reserved such annual rent or rents as shall be deemed by the Chan- c. 161.

cellor and Council of the said duchy for the time being, to be a reasonable rent or consideration for such land and ground and old buildings respectively for the term and estate intended to be granted of and m the same, without taking any fine for the same, and so as in every lease or grant of land or ground and buildings of the description last aforesaid, there be contained a covenant or condition on the part of the lessee or grantee, for the erecting of proper and substantial houses or other build* ings thereon within a reasonable time to be in such cases limited for that purpose, and such other covenants for keeping buildings in repair, and doing all such other acts as the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy of Lancaster for the time being shall think reasonable, and so as all and every such rent and rents be reserved to be paid free and clear of al) manner of taxes and assessments whatsoever, for and during the whole, of the term or terms to be granted or demised, except such rent or such part thereof, during such part of such term or terms as the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy of Lancaster for the time' being shall in any case think fit and expedient to be allowed, not exceeding in any case the term of three years, and so as every such grantee or lessee, grantees or lessees, shall and do duly sign seal and deliver a counterpart or counterparts of his her or their respective grant or lease, grants or leases; jwd that all and every such grants and leases so made as aforesaid, according to the true intent and meaning of this Act, shall be good valid, and effectual in the law; any thing contained in the said Act of the first year-of Queen Avne, or any other Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And whereas by the said recited Act of the forty-eighth year of 48 Geo. III.

bis present Majesty, it was enacted, That whenever it should appear to c. 73. $ 28.

the said Chancellor and Council of the said duchy, that it would be to the advantage of the Land Revenue of the Crown to exchange any parcel or parcels of land belonging to his Majesty his heirs or successors, for land of equal or neply equal value, belonging to any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, and such other person or persons or bodies should consent to such exchange, - it should be lawful for the Surveyor General of the said duchy, to cause the value as well of th+

4 said parcel or parcels of land belonging to his Majesty his heirs or successors, as of the said parcel or parcels of land proposed to be exchanged for such land of his Majesty^ to be ascertained by some able and practical surveyor of land, who shall annex to his survey estimate or valuation thereof, when completed, an oath (or, being of the people called Quakers, an affirmation) taken and subscribed by him before any justice of thepeaee or magistrate of the United Kingdom, who is respcc- lively thereby authorised to administer an oath or affirmation in that behalf according to the tenor and effect therein mentioned, which oath and affirmation so taken and subscribed should he filpd with the survey and estimate in the office of the clerk of the council of the said duchy;

4 and the said Surveyor General of the said duchy should report to the Chancellor and Council of the said duchy, the grounds of nis recommendation of the proposed exchange, together with the said valuation of the respective parcels of land .; and if the Chancellor and Council of the said duchy should, upon due consideration had, approve of such exchange taking place, they should authorise the proper officers of the said duchy to cariy the same into effect, upon such terms and conditions as they should think fit, provided the same should be assented to by the person or persons, or body, with wh6m such exchange is proposed#

4 to be made, and the said Chancellor should thereupon cause the sai<)

4 parcel of land belonging to his Majesty to be conveyed to the said per- -4 son or persons, or bodies respectively, with whom the said exchange was proposed to be made; and such person or persons, or body, should at the same time convey to the said Chancellor and Council, in trust for *ad

536 Land Revenue of the Crown. [Part II.

No.

XXXIX.

52 Geo. III. c. 181.

Doubts in Form of Conveyances, in cases of Exchanges of Land within ordering and Survey removed.

48 G. 3. c. 73.

t j.

His Majesty may demise Lands for Gardens, &c.

on behalf of his said Majesty his heirs and successors, in right of his said duchy, the said parcel or parcels of land so agreed to be given in exchange for such parcel or parcels of land as aforesaid; and from and immediately after the completion of such exchange, the said parcels of 1 land so belonging to his Majesty, and given in exchange as aforesaid,

4 should vest in the person or persons, or body, to whom the same was conveyed, for the same estate or interest, and as fully and effectually as the said parcels of land so given in exchange did before such exchange;

4 and the said parcels of land so conveyed in exchange to His Majesty,

4 should vest in his Majesty his heirs and successors, in right of his duchy as fully and effectually, and he subject to the same application, as the said parcels of land so conveyed in exchange to such person or persona,

4 or body, was vested in him before such exchange:And whereas doubts have arisen with respect to the form of the conveyance in cases of cx- change, empowered by the said recited Act of the forty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty; * Be it enacted, That whenever it shall appear to the Chancellor and Council of the said duchy, that such exchange can be carried into effect with advantage to his Majesty his heirs and successors, according to the regulations directed by the said Act, it shall be lawful for the said Chancellor and Council, and they are hereby empowered to grant and convey to the said person or persons or bodies respectively, with whom the said exchange is proposed to be made, any lands tenements or hereditament *, parcel of the said duchy or county palatine, in the name of his Majesty his heirs and successors, under the seal or seals of the said duchy or county palatine; and such person or persons, body or bodies, shall at the same lime convey to the said Chancellor and Council, in trust tor and on thebehull of his Majesty his heirs 'and successors, in right of his said duchy or county palatine, the said parcel or parcels of land so agreed to be given in exchange as aforesaid; and from and immediately after the completion of such exchange, the said parcels of land so belonging to his Majesty and given in exchange as aforesaid, shall vest in the person or persons, or body to uhom the same is conveyed, for the same estate or interest, and as fully and effectually as the said parcel of land so given in exchange did before such exchange; and the said parcels of land so conveyed in exchange to his Majesty, shall Vest in his Majesty his heirs and successors, in right of his said duchy and county palatine, as fully and effectually and he subject to the same "application as the said parcels of land so conveyed in exchange to such person or persons, or body, was vested in him before such exchange; any tiling in the said Act or any other Act or Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas by the said recited Act of the forty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty it was enacted, That it should he lawful for his Majesty nis heirs and successors, to demise or grant any land or ground l>elonging to his Majesty his heirs and succe>sors, within the < ordering or survey of the Exchecpier and of the duchy of Lancaster,

1 which should be deemed fit and proper for gardens yards curtilages and, 4 other appurtenances, to be used and enjoyed with any house or houses or buildings erected or to be erected upon ground belonging either to his Majesty his heirs or successors, or to any other proprietor, for any term or estate not exceeding ninety-nine years, to be computed from the date or making such lease or grant respectively:And whereas it is cx- pedient that the said power should be extended so as to enable his Majesty his heirs or successors, to demise or grant for a like term or estate any land or ground which shall be deemed fit and proper to be used or appropriated for any other purposes calculated to afiord accommodation or convenience to the inhabitants or occupiers of any such house or houses or buildings, although the same may not be demised *ith or 1 attached to any such house or houses or buildings, or let as for a garden yard or curtilage thereto •* Be it therefore further enacted, That where any land or ground belonging or hereafter to belong to his Majesty his heirs or successors within the ordering or survey aforesaid shall be deemed by* th»* Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster for the time being, fit and proper

Class XII.]

Land Revenue of the Croton.

537

No.

XXXIX.

52 Geo. III. c. 161.

to be let or used for or appropriated to any purpose calculated to afford convenience or accommodation to the occupiers or inhabitants of any house or houses erected or to be erected upon ground belonging either to his Majesty his heirs or successors, or to any other proprietor or proprietors, it shall be lawful for his Majesty his heirs or successors to demise or grant such land or ground to any person or persons, or to any body or bodies politick or corporate, under the great seal of Great Britain or the seal of the Exchequer or the seal of the Duchy and county palatine of Lancaster9 for any term or estate not exceeding ninety-nine years, to be computed from the date or making thereof, with all such powers privileges and authorities as may be thought fit and'requisite for the effecting or promoting the object and intent of such demise or grant, so as there be reserved upon every such demise or grant such annual rent or rents as shall be deemed by the Lord High Treasurer or the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury or the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster for the time being, a reasonable consideration for every such demise or grant, without taking any fine for the same.

IV. And whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament holden in the 39 ft 40 G. 3.

* thirty-ninth and fortieth year of his present Majesty, intituled An Act c. 86. $ 29. i for the better Preservation of Timber in the New Forest in the County of

4 Southampton, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and

* of the Jxinds of the Crown within the same, a power was given to the Commissioners of the Treasury, for ten years from and after the pass* ing of that Act, to contract for the exchange of any of the waste lands lying in the New Forest belonging to the Crown, in the manner therein

* mentioned, for any other lands lying in the same forest belonging to individuals, of the nature situation and description in the said Act par *

4 ticularJy specified: And whereas the power granted to his Majesty by

* the said Act to contract for exchanges was continued by an Act passed

4 in the fiftieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act 50 G.3. c. 116* 9 to extend and amend the Term and Provisions of an Act of the Thirty-ninth § L

* and Fortieth Years of his present Majesty for the better Preservation if

* Timber in the New Forest in the County of Southampton, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the mid Forest and of the Lands if the Crown.

4 within the same, until the twenty-eighth day of July, one thousand eight hundred and eleven; which said last mentioned Act was con* tinued until the twenty-fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred

* and twelve, by an Act passed in the last session of Parliament; and it

* is expedient to continue and enlarge such permission, and also to per- mit the exchange and sale of property of the nature and situation therein and herein described, in all the forests belonging to bis said Majesty* Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury for the time being, to authorise the Commissioners of his Majesty’s woods forests and land revenues, or the Surveyor General of his Majesty’s woods and forests for the time being, on the behalf of hiB Majesty his heirs and successors, to grant or contract to grant to any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, any of the waste or other lands of the Crown within any of the said forests, in exchange for any other lands in or adjoining to the same forest respectively, whereof such person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, shall or may be seised in fee simple or absolutely entitled to an estate of copyhold or customary or leasehold tenure, the reversion thereof being in the Crown, and being fit and proper for the growth of timber and conveniently situated fur that purpose; and that all and every exchange and exchanges so made shall be good valid and effectual in the law to all intents and purposes whatsoever; apy infancy coverture or other disability in the parties interested iu such exchange, or any law or statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; provided the value of each piece of land so Provisos to be exchanged does not exceed one thousand pounds, and that all such exchange of freehold premises shall be made according to the form marked (A.) and set forth in the schedule hereto annexed, and that all *wch exchange of leasehold premises^hall be made according to the font *

Treasury may authorise Commissioners of Woods, &c. to contract for exchanging Lands.

Treasury to alienate small parcels of Land intermixed with Lands of indi\ idutls *

Land -exchanged or sold surveyed by practical Surveyors.

Land Revenue of the Crown• [Part II *

marked (B.) also set forth In the said schedule* at as near thereto as-maybe.

V. And whereas there are in various parts of the several royal forests 4 sundry parcels of land belonging to the Crown, which are wholly or in

* part surrounded by or intermixed with or contiguous and adjoining to other lands, the property of some of his Majesty's subjects, and which- said forest lands are of little or no value to the Crown lor the growth of

* timber either by inclosure and planting, or otherwise, and it may coo- duce to the more easy care of the rights of the Crown within the said forests, as well as to the convenience of his Majesty's subjects, if a 4 power should be given to the Lord High Treasurer or -to the Lords

* Commissioners of nis Majesty’s Treasury for the time being, to authorise the sale of small parcels of forest land* Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if it shall appear to the Lord High Treasurer or to, the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the time being, upon the report of the Commissioners of his Majesty's woods forests and land revenues, or upon the report of the Surveyor General of his Majesty’s woods and forests for the time befog, that any small parcel or parcels of land within any of the royal forests belonging to the Crown are intermixed with adjoin or are contiguous or convenient to or surrounded by the lands of individuals, and is or are of little or no. value to the Crown for the growth of timber either by inclosure and planting or otherwise; it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or the said Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury for the time being, or any three or more of thenr, to authorise the said Commissioners of his Majesty’s woods forests and land revenues, or the Surveyor General of his Majesty’s woods and forests for the time being, to contract and agree on the behalf of his said Majesty his heirs and successors with the person or persons whose lands shall be intermixed with or shall adjoin to> or be contiguous or convenient to, or surrounded by such parcel or parcels of land so situated as aforesaid, for the sale thereof, ana to make good and effectual conveyance thereof, for such price or prices as shall be certified to the said Commissioners of the Treasury by the said Commissioners of his Majesty’s woods forests and land revenues, or by the said Surveyor General of woods and forests, * to be just and reasonable; such price in no case to be under the value set upon &uch land by the surveyor to be employed to value the same in the manner hereinafter provided, and the same to be paid into the hands of the said last-mentioned Commissioners, or into the hands of the said Surveyor General for the time being, and to be by them or him accounted for in manner hereinafter specified: Provided always, that the lands of the Qrown to be so sold and disposed shall not exceed in value in any instance the sum of oue thousand pounds; and the conveyance or conveyances of such parcel or parcels of land, to to be sold and disposed of, he according to the form marked with the letter (C.) set forth in the schedule hereunto annexed, or as near thereto as may be.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in order to secure a true and just price to be set on the land of the Crown and on that of individuals to be given in exchange, and also on the land of the Crown to be sold by virtue of this Act, the same in every instance shall be valued by an able and practical surveyor of land to be appointed by the Commissioner* of his Majesty’s woods forests and land revenues, or by the Surveyor General of his Majesty’s woods and forests for the time being, on behalf of his Majesty; and the land surveyor so appointed for making such valuation shall certify by his report in writing under his hand what is in his judgment the true and fair worth and value of the lands and premises so by him surveyed and valued, clear of a\} taxes, assessments and reI prizes whatever; and shall also annex to such survey or estimate or va-uation an oath (or, being one the people called Quakers, an affirmation} -taken and subscribed by him before any one of the said last-mentioned Commissioners, or before such said Surveyor General, or before any one of his Majesty’s justices of the peace in and for the county wherein may •uch land proposed to be exchanged or sold ihsll be, which oath or

530

Class XIL] Land Revenue of the Crown.

affirmation they are hereby respectively authorised to administer, and No. which oath or affirmation shall be in the form following; that is to

53 Geo. ILL

* T A. B. do swear [or, being a Quaker, do solemnly affirm] That the c jgj

* A Survey or Account hereto annexed was faithfully and impartially t '.

4 made by me; that the value of the property of the Crown, and of C. I/.

4 therein contained, is justly estimated therein according to the best of °*t"%

* my skill and judgment; and that all the particulars stated in the said Survey are true to the best of my knowledge and belief/

Which oath or affirmation so taken and subscribed, shall be filed with the survey and estimate, in the proper office for depositing the same.

VII. And whereas there are in divers of his Mqestys forests, quar *

4 lies of freestone limestone slate and other stone, and strata or veins of ' coal and iron ore, and of marl, the produce of which is of great value,

4 but by reason of the steepness of the ground in some places, and the wetness or depth of the soil in others, the access to the samp is m many 1 instances at all times difficult mid often impracticable: And whereas it

* would in many cases greatly facilitate the getting and carrying away of

* the said freestone limestone and other stones, slate coal iron ore and marl, if permission were given to erect fire or steam engines for raising

* the same, and the water coltecting in the pits where they are got, and to form rail or tram roads and inclined planes for carrying away the said freestone limestone ami other stone, slate cod iron ore and marl;

4 and many individuals might be willing to make such railways or tram roads and inclined planes, or to erect such fire or steam engines, if they

* should obtain leave for that purpose; ’ Be it therefore enacted, That Treasury em-from and after the passing of this Act, whenever application shall be powered to made by any person to the said Commissioners of his Majesty's woods tborbe making forests and land revenues, or to the said Surveyor General of nis Majesty's Railways, woods and forests for the time being, for leave to make any railway tram fcc. to Quar-road or inclined plane, or to build or erect any fire or steam engine as .V? F<>* aforesaid, and it shall appear to the said Commissioners, or to the said CoTnmbd«M« purveyor General, that It would be for the advantage of the publie, and

not detrimental to the interests of the Crown, that such railway tram road w Surveyor or inclined plane should be made, or that such fire or steam engine should General# be built or erected, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or the Woods, 4* Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury for the time bring, to to grant authorise the said Commissioners of woods forests and land revenues, or I the said Surveyor General of his Majesty’s woods and forests for the time being, to grant a lease for any term not exceeding thirty-one years, of such part of the Royal Forests as may be necessity for the purpose of making any such railway tram road or indined plane, or for erecting such fire or steam engine, with a licence in such lease to make or erect the same, under suen modifications and restrictions for such yearly rent, and

Sion such terms gnd conditions, jts to the said Commissioners of his ajesty's woods forests and land revenues, or to the said Surveyor General of his Majesty’s woods and forests for the time being, may seem expedient; which lease may be according to the form hereunto annexed, and marked with the letter (D.) or as near thereto as may be: Provided always, that no such lease and licence for the purpose of making such Tailway tram road or inclined plane, or of erecting such fire or steam engine, shall be granted in any case where Che use of the same would interfere with or in any way abridge or prove inconsistent with the exercise of the rights vested in either of the companies established by two

Forest of Dean, m the County of Gloucester, to a certain Place in the said Forest called Cinderford Bridge; the other intituled An Act for making 49 G. . c.159 - and maintaining a Railway from the River Wye, at or near to a Place called Lidbrook, in the Parish of Ruardean, in the County <f Gloucester, to or near to a Place catkd the The Lower Forge, Wow Keweni, in the Parish of

540 Land Revenue of the Crown. [Part It.No.

XXXIX.

52 Geo. III. c. 161.

Treasury or Surveyor General may make Compensations, or grant Leases to Persons relinquishing parts of Forest.

Encroachments made on skirts of Forests, or in parts not suited for growth of Timber, Commissioners of Woods, &c. or Surveyor General empowered to grant Leases.

Bev, in the said County, and for making other Railways therein mentioned, in the Forest t>f Dean, in the County of Gloucester; without the previous consent and concurrence of the Companies incorporated under the said Acta.

VIII. And whereas many purprestures encroachments and trespasses have been made and continued in and upon the soil of his Majesty,

* within the boundaries uf the Royal Forests, some of them contiguous and similar in soil situation and exposure to parts of the said forests well calculate! for the growth of timber for the use of the navy, and *' some in particular within the paYts of the New Forest and Forest of

* Dean, which have been already set out for that purpose under the statutes in that case made and provided; and it is expedient that more

* i ffcctual provision than has hitherto been obtained should be made for dealing with all such purprestures and encroachments in such manner as shall best answer the purpose of preserving and maintaining his

* Majesty's rights over the same* Be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in case of any purprestures or encroachments situate in parts of any of the forests fit for the growth of timber, which purprestures or encroachments shall appear to have been inclosed, or used and occupied by the person or persons then in possession thereof, of by any person or persons under whom the same is or are respectively claimed to be held, without any effectual interruption by or on the part of his Majesty for any period not less than ten years, and where expenoe shall appear to have been incurred in the improvement thereof by the erection of buildings or otherwise, and the claimant or claimants, occupier or occupiers, snail have relinquished the same on receiving notice so to do, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's woods forests and land revenues, or the Surveyor General of his Majesty’s woods and forests for the time being, by and with the authority of the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the time being, to make such satisfaction or compensation in money, in consideration of the removal abatement or resumption of any encroachment or purpresture so situated, a9 shall by the said Commissioners or the said Surveyor General for the time being be deemed reasonable and proper under all the circumstances of the case, or to grant a lease of some other part or parts of the forests situated on the skirts or borders thereof, which on account of such situation or other circumstances shall not be deemed fit for the growth of timber, or likely to interfere with any inclosures or plantations to be made for that purpose, for such term of years, not exceeding thirty-one, as shall be deemed a reasonable allowance by way of compensation for the expence which shall appear to have been incurred in such improvements; provided that there shall be reserved to be paid to his Majesty his heirs and successors, by the person or persons to whom puch lease shall be so granted, such annual rent or rents as, under all the circumstances of the case, shall by the said Commissioners of his Majesty's woods forests and land revenues, or the said Surveyor General of his Majesty’s woods and forests for the time being, be deemed reasonable and proper.

1a. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in cases where purprestures and encroachments shall have been made twenty years at least before the passing of this Act, (and which shall not within that period have been abated or presented at any forest court) on the skirts and borders of any of the said forests, or upon parts thereof not adapted to or convenient for the growth of timber, or likely to interfere with any iQclosures or plantations to be made for that purpose, and where the persons in possession of the same shall be desirous of retaining such possession under a lease or leases thereof, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty’s woods forests and land revenues, or for the Surveyor General of his Majesty's woods and forests for the time being, under the authority of the Lord High Treasurer or the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury for the time being, to grant such lease or leases for any term not exceeding thirty-one years, in consideration of the payment of such annual rent or rents, and under >uch covenants conditions and stipulations as, according to the circuiaClass XII.} Land Revenue of the Crown. '541

stances of the case, shall by the said Commissioners of his Majesty's No. woods forests and land revenues, or the said Survey or'General of his Ma- XXXIX. jesty’s woods and forests for the time being, be deemed reasonable and T f

proper; and such lease or leases shall be made out accordingly, and may 111.

be according to the form set forth in the schedule hereto annexed, and c. 161.

marked with the letter (D.), of as near thereto as may be, without any tine V—

fee or reward to be paid for the same, or other charge, except the expences actually incurred for writing ami engrossing such leases.

X. And be it further enacted, That every agreement deed conveyance. Instrument in-and lease authorised by this Act, together with a map or plan of the land rolled in Office exchanged sold or demised thereby, shall be enrolled in tnc office of the of Auditor of Auditor of his Majesty’s land revenue, and a minute or doequet thereof Land Revenue; ' entered and preserved in the office of the said Commissioners of his Majesty’s woods forests and land revenues, or in the office of the said Surveyor General of his Majesty’s woods and forests for the time befog; and that from and after such enrolment or entry his Majesty his heirs and successors, in right of the crown, shall be deemed to be in the actual and lawful seisin ana possession of any land taken in exchange; and that the party with wjiom such exchange shall be so made shall have hold and enjoy the lands and premises so given in exchange, as of the same tenure* and subject to the same charges and invested with the same rights and privileges, as the land taken in exchange, was before such exchange legally subject to and invested with, but freed and discharged from any other1 . right title or claim of the Crown to the soil than such as shall be incident to the nature of such tenure, and from all common of pasture and other rights of common; and the party to whom any land shall have been so sold or conveyed by exchange shall hold or enjoy the same, freed from any right title or claim of the Crown, and from all common of pasture or other right of common.

XI. And whereas the number of unlawful enclosures purprestures

* encroachments and trespasses in the Royal Forests has of late years been much increased, and the fences of many of such encroachments and the

houses and buildings erected thereon, though at different times abated and thrown down by the keepers or other officers of the said forests,

* have again been reinstated by the trespassers who originally made them, or by others subsequently occupying or claiming the same: And whereas it is expedient that more effectual provision should be made tor the prevention of such offences and for the punishment of the offenders

4 in future Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of Unlawful fin-this Act, all such unlawful enclosures purprestures encroachments and closures Ac. c. trespasses which shall have been wilfully made, or caused or procured to enquired of by be made, by any person or persons in and upon any of the royal forests, Verderen, Ac. c. or shall be wilfully held occupied and made use of by any person or persons subsequently occupying or claiming the same, save and except such as have been demised or in respect of which any treaty for a demise shall or may be pending between the said Commissioners of woods forests and land revenues, and the party or parties who shall be pretended owners or actual occupiers thereof, shall and may be enquired of by the verderers of the respective forest or forests within which such unlawful enclosures purprestures encroachments or trespasses shall have been made, in the court or courts of attachment of the said forest or forests; and the person or persons guilty of making continuing and renewing any such unlawful enclosure purpresture encroachment or trespass, save as aforesaid, shall and may be prosecuted for the same in the said court or courts; and upon proof being made thereof, on the oath of one credible Penalty, witness, the verderers of the said forest or forests, or any two of them present at the said court or courts, shall have power, and they are herein authorised to fine any person or persons so offending, for every such offence, in any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, to be recovered, and applied in manner hereinafter provided, for, and to order and direct every such unlawful enclosure purpresture encroachment and trespass, save as aforesaid, to be abated by the regarders under foresters under keepers or other officers, of the said forest or forests, who aye hereby authorised apd

542

No.

XXXIX.

52 Geo. III. c. 161.

Veidennmy

appoint Officers for executing Orders of Court;

and fix Fees.

Regarden, 8cC. shall before holding of Courts of Attachments survey Forests, and take account of Enclosures, Ac. c.

Land Revenue of the Croton. [Part It.

empowered to abate the same accordingly: Provided nevertheless, that in case it shall be insisted upon by any person or persons who shall be proceeded against in any or the said attachment court or courts as hereinbefore directed, that the place wherein the enclosure purpresture encroachment or trespass shall have been or shall be alleged to have been made Was not within the boundaries of the said forest or forests, or within the lands belonging to his Majesty within the same, the said verderers shall not proceed to conviction, but shall certify the presentment of such offence to his Majesty's Attorney General, to the end that such proceeding may be bad therein by information of intrusion, or otherwise, as by law might have been had before the passing of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be.lawful for the verderers of any of the said forests, or any two of them, at any court of attachments holden for any of the said forests, by warrant or warrants under the hands and scab of them, or any two of mem, to nominate and appoint any person or persons to be the officer or officers of the said court or courts, forest or forests, for the purpose of executing the judgments and orders of the said court or courts from time to time given and made; and the person or persons so appointed shall, .during the time mentioned in such warrant or warrants, or until the same shall be recalled, or their appointment or appointments revoked by the said verderers, have full power and authority to execute the judgments and orders of the said court or courts within the said forest or forests, in such and the same manner and by such and the same means as any constable or other peace officer can or may by law execute the warrant of any justice of the peace for any county; and the said verderers, or any two of them, shall and may fix and allow such fees to be paid to or taken by such officer and officers'as the said verderers shall in their discretion think fit.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every regarder under forester under keeper or other officer of any of the said forests shall, within the space of one calendar month next before the holding of the first court of attachments in each year, and within a reasonable time before the holding of any other court or courts of attachment for any of the said forests, carefully survey such part or parts of the said forests as shall be within his or their regard view or cognizance, or within the respective walks of the several under foresters or‘under keepers of any of the said forests, and shall take an account of all unlawful enclosures piirprestures encroachments and trespasses whatever made done or committed within the same, since any preceding surrey or surreys which shall have been made by diem or any of them on any part or parts of any of the said forests as aforesaid, or which were not noticed in such preceding survey or surveys; and every such regarder under forester under keeper or other officer shall, at every court or courts of attachments holden for any of the said forests, make and deliver to the verderers thereof then present a true return and presentment of all such unlawful enclosures purpresture* encroachments and trespasses as he or they shall find to have been made done or committed within any part or parts of the said forests which shall be within his or their regard view or cognisance, or within the respective walks of the several under foresters and under keepers of any of the said forests, or which he or they shall not have returned or presented at the preceding or some former court or coarts, or which having been made before such last survey or surveys shall not have been abated, and at what time or times ana in what particular part or parts of any of the said forests, and by whom any such unlawful enclosures purprostures encroachments and trespasses have been made done or committed, so for as they have been able to ascertain the same; and every such regarder under forester under keeper or other officer shall at the time of making or delivering m his said return or presentment make oath before the said verderers (which oath they or any one of them is hereby authorised to administer,) that to the best ef his knowledge information and belief no unlawful enetosure purpresture encroachment or trespass hath been mule dene or committed, or then exists, within such part or parts of noyofak *

I

I

►>

ft

It.

* 1

I

I

H *

33.

-u'jS

•m

* s/

7 *

to *

sav

’ . 5f *

s'sis

u/f *

t>r,

?ri

uia

$m

KJE

ir«

/v *

wa

»r

ajna

pffi!tl!B


m

mn

kwH Utk an* .dk it* a* tf» es-? Arts Tinier

In *

* ai

iris

fife

id!

ftn

Class XII.] ' Land Revenue of the Croum. T»i3

said forests as shall be within his regard view or cognizance, or within No.

the respective walks of the several under foresters or under keepers of any XXXIX.

of the said forests, other than such as are contained and described in _ ‘

tile return or presentment then made and delivered in by him, or made 52 Geo. III. or delivered in at the preceding or at some former court, specifying the c. 161. time at which the same was held.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the ver- Court of Aider ers of any of the said forests, or any two of them, at any court or tachmtnti may courts of attachments to be holden for any of the said forests, to enquire enquire Into into the conduct and behaviour of the regarders under foresters under conduct of^Re-keepers or other 'officers of the said forests in their said offices; and if garden, Ac. c. the said verderers shall find that any regarder under forester under keeper neglecting

wr other officer hath wilfully given or delivered in to them any untrue Dut7* return or presentment, or hath concealed or wilfully omitted to insert in such return or presentment any unlawful enclosure purpresture encroach-xnent or other trespass which ought to have been described or noticed therein, or hath wilfully and without good cause neglected to make such survey as hereinbefore directed, or hath been guilty of any wilful neglect in the care of the timber or other trees woods thorns or bushes situate within such part or parts of any of the Baid forests as shall be within his or their regard view or cognizance, or within the walk or walks of any of the said under foresters or under keepers or other officers of any of the said forests, or in any other respect hath wilfully omitted to perform the duty of his office, it $hal) be lawful for the verderers of any of the said forests, or any two of them, (having due proof made before them on oath of any such wilful neglect omission or default) and they are hereby authorised to set and impose a fine not exceeding the sum of ten pounds on such regarder under forester under keeper or other officer for every such his wilful act neglect omission or default, to be recovered and applied Second Offence, as hereinafter mentioned; and for the second offence such regarder under forester under keeper or other officer shall forfeit and be deprived of his office, and shall not at any time afterwards be restored to such office, unless the verderers, or any two of them, shall by order to be made by them at a court of attachments signify that in their judgment such re-garder under forester under keeper or other officer may properly be re. Third Offence* appointed or restored to his said office; and if any such officer shall be again convicted of a like offence whereby his office shall become forfeited, he shall be incapable of being again appointed to such office, or of holding any office or employment whatsoever within any of the said forests.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary penalties imposed Penalties not and fees authorised by this Act, and not hereinbefore directed to be redirected to be covered before the verderers of any of the said forests or in the said recovered courts of attachments, shall and may be recovered in a summary way]*fore Ve5‘ before any justice or justices of the peace for any county riding division or ere" 7 place in which the person having incurred the same shall happen to be;

and in case any penalty recovered before any justice or justices of the

peace, or before the verderers of any of the said forests, or any two of

them, or in the said courts of attachments, or any fine set or imposed by

the said verderers or any two of them, or the said courts, shall not be

paid forthwith, it shall be lawful for the justice or justices, or verderers,

or the said courts by whom such fine shall be set or imposed, or before

whom such penalty shall be recovered, by warrant under his hand and

seal, or their hands and seals, and directed by such justice or justices to

any constable or other peace officer, and by the said verderers to the

proper officer or officers to be appointed for any of the said forests in the

manner hereinbefore provided, to cause such fine or penalty to be levied

by distress and sale of the offenders goods and chattels, together with all

costs and charges attending such distress and sale; and in case no suf- Distrew.

ficient distress can be had or made, such justice or justices verderers or

courts shall, if he or they shall think proper, commit the offender tp the

common gaol for, or some house of correction within such county hding Imprisonment.

division city town or place as aforesaid, there to remain without bail or

.mainprise for wy time not exceeding six months. ^oogie

544

No.

XXXIX

Land Revenue of the Crown.

[Part II.

XVI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to defeat alter or infringe all or any of the rights privileges or advantages which 52 Geo. III. , nay be enjoyed or Claimed under any letters patent, gran ted by his said e. 161. Majesty his ancestors or predecessors, of any office bailiwick walk or lodge within any of the said forests.

Act not to infringe Rights under Letters Pstent.

Not to prevent proceeding by ordinary course of Law.

Rent of Lands paid to Commissioners, Ac. c. and applicable as other Funds.

46 G.3. c. 142.

39 8c 40 G. 3. c. 86. § 12.

Map or Plan completed iu 5 years.

Surveyor of Roads, 8$c. not to dig Gravel, Etc. in Woods of the Crown.

Commissioners not to sell, &c. Marl Pits,

Peat Lands or Gravel Pits.

Exchange, 8cc

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent his Majesty from proceeding by information in his Court of Exchequer, or from having recourse to any other law which may now exist for the punishment of offences of the nature hereinbefore mentioned, in all cases where such proceedings* shall be deemed more adviseakle than those which arc authorised by this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all sums of money which shall accrue either by penalties recovered under this Act, or from the sale of or as rent for any lands sold or demised by virtue of this Act, shall be paid to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s woods forests and land revenues, or to the Surveyor General of his Majesty's woods and furests for the time being, to be by them or him paid into the hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and applied and accounted for with the other funds under their or his management, in the manner directed by an Act of the forty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, inti tub d An Act for the belter Regulation of the Office of' Surveyor General of Woods and Forests.

‘XIX. And whereas by an Act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth

* years of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Freservation

* of Timber in the New Forest in the County of Southampton, and for as~

* ccrtaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lttnds of the Crown

* tcithin the same, it was, amongst other things, enacted, That the Commissioneirs thereby appointed should cause a map or plan to be made of the said forest in manner therein mentioned:And whereas the said 1 map has not hitherto been framed according to die provisions of the said Act; and it is expedient that the same should be executed with as little delay as possible. Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, to employ surveyors or other proper persons in framing such map or plan; and they are hereby Required to complete the same within five years from ana after the passing of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for any surveyor of any turnpike roan or any highway, or for any other person, to dig get or carry away, or cause to be dug got or carried away, any stone or gravel or other materials for the making or repairing of any road or way, or for any other purpose, in or from any of his Majesty's forests, whereby any plantation or tree belonging to his Majesty may be or be liable to be injured or damaged.

XXL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to empower or enable the Commissioners of his Majesty's woods forests and land revenues, or the Surveyor General of his Majesty's woods and forests for the time being, to grant in exchange or to make sale of any open or accustomed marl nits, or any bogs or lands from which peat has been usually gotten for fuel, or any gravel pits now open, situate in or within any of the said forests, or any lands by the exchange or sale whereof the owners of occupiers of any estates adjoining or contiguous to the said forests shall be deprived of their usual or accustomed supply of marl or peat from the said vorests. XXII. Provided also and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act connot to be made Gained shall extend to empower or enable the said Commissioners of his

to interrupt Majestyrs woods forests and land revenues, or the Surveyor General of hb

Access to Majesty’s woods and forests for the lime being, to grant in exchange or

Forests from make sale of any land within auy of the said forests, in such manner as

adjoining Es- to prevent any person or persons having right of common on such forests

t*tes. from having access to such forests for* uie purpose of enjoying such right

S4S

Class XII.] Load Revenue if the Orocm.

of common, as effectually and conveniently as he or they now has or No. have or otherwise might have had, or to prevent any person or persons XXXIX. from having access from the said forests to any lands belonging to him '

or them lying adjacent or contiguous to the said forests, as fully as he or " Oeo* they now has or have or otherwise might have had. c. 16!.

XXIII. And whereas by an Act passed in the fiftieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for uniting the Offices of 50 G. 3. c. 65.

4 Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown, and Surveyor Or- \

4 rural cif his Majesty's Woods Forests Purksand Chores, the Commissioners

* of his Majesty’s woods forests and land revenue, or any one of them,

are authorised to receive a verification and take an examination on oath touching and concerning all matters of surveys returns reports estimates accounts and other matters and things, of and from every

* officer and other person, in all cases wherein the surveyor general of his Majesty’s woods forests parks and chases was immediately before the passing of that Act by law authorised so to do: And whereas it is expedient that a like authority should be given to receive verifications and take examinations on oath touching matters which relate to the depart *

4 meat of lib Majesty’s land revenue, and which were previous the pass *

4 ing of the above mentioned Act, under foe separate cognizance or ma. nagement of foe surveyor general of that department* Be it therefore Commissioners enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said commissioners or any one of Woods, &c. of. them, and they or any one of them are and is hereby authorised "to re* to *&xrv Ver*" ceive a verification and take an examination upon oath of and from any ficaci°pa’&c* officer and other person employed in making and conducting any surveys touclu°8.mat* returns reports estimates and accounts, or other matters and things ?

touching and concerning foe said department of his Majesty’s land re* enue

venue, in like manner as they are by foe said above mentioned Act em- *

powered to do in all matters and things relating to the department of his Majesty's woods forests paries and chases; and if any officer or other per* son shall in any such verification or examination upon oath as aforesaid, knowingly and wilfully forswear himself herself or themselves, such officer or other person so offending shall be liable to be punished in such manner as is provided by the different laws and statutes now in force for Perjury, the pmushment of wilful and corrupt perjury.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any thing is directed Two Commis-required or permitted to be doue under this Act by the Commissioners doners of

of his Majesty's woods forests and land revenues, foe same may be done Woods, Ac. c. by any two of such commissioners. may *ct.

XXV. [Certain purchase monies arising from sale of crown lands to be laid out in purchase of lands fit for growth of timbeij

XXVI. [Certain-crown lands sold to foe Marquis of Exeter to become part of manor of King’s Cliffe.]

XXVII. And whereas in and by an Act passed in the fifty-first year

4 of foe reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending the 51 G. 3.C. 115. 4 Act Forty~third George the Third, to promote the building repairing or $ I.

4 otherwise providing the Churches and Chapels, and of Houses for the 1Sc#»-4 dence of Ministers, and for providing of Church Yards and Glebes, it was among other things exacted, That the King’s mo&t excellent Majesty his Ijeirs and successors should have full power licence and authority,

4 by deed or writing under the great seal, to give and grant and vest 111 4 any person or persons, bodies politick and corporate, and their.heirs and successors respectively, all such his her or their estate interest or pro *

4 perty in any lands or tenements within the survey of foe Court of Ex *

4 chequer for or towards foe erecting rebuilding repairing purchasing or providing any church or chapel where the Liturgy ana rites of foe- united church of England and Ireland are or shall be used or observed, *

4 or any mansion house, for foe residence of any minister p&the said united church officiating or to > officiate in any such church or chapel,

4 or any outbuildings offices church yards or glebe for the same respec- tivdy, and to be for those purposes applied in and by such deed as afore *

* said. expressed, provided that nothing in this Act now in recital con *

4 tained should extend of be construed to extend to enable his Majesty his

V01. I. u N

Ncr. XXXIX. 69 Geo. Ill c. 161.

His Majesty may grant Land for Curtilages and Accesses to Churches or Chapels.

Proviso.

Land Revenue of the CrowA [Part II.

f heirs or successors to grant more than fire acres in any one grant lor any of the purposes aforesaid; And whereas it is found expedient that < the powers of the same Act should be extended to ground for curtilages accesses or any other conveniences or accommodations of or to any of such churches or chapels as aforesaid: And whereas the passing of deeds or writings under the great seal for the purposes aforesaid, by reason of the great expence attending the same, may in some case

produce inconvenience and frustrate the intention of the said Act; f Be it therefore enacted, That his said Majesty his heirs and successors shall have lull power licence and authority to give and grant and vest in any person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, and their beira and successors respectively, in manner hereinafter mentioned, all such his or their estate interest or property in any lands or tenements within the survey of the Court of Exchequer or of the Duchy of Lancasltr, for curtilages or for accesses, or for any other conveniences or accommodations of any such churches or chapels as aforesaid; and such person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, and their heirs and successors respectively, shall nave full capacity and ability to receive take hold and enjoy the same according to the intent and meaning of the said Act, and whenever it shall be the pleasure of his Majesty his heirs or successors to make a grant for any of the purposes aforfe9&id, it shall and may be lawful for the lord high treasurer or the commissioners of the treasury, or any three of them, to grant a warrant under his or their hand or hands to any such person or persons, or body or bodies politick corporate, specifying the premises so to be vested in such person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate as aforesaid, which'warrant shall be inrolled in the office of the auditor of the land revenue for the division or county within which the premises shall be situate, and also in the office of the commissioners of his Majesty's woods forests and land revenues, or in the office of the surveyor general his Majesty's land revenue for the time being; and such auditor and such commissioners or surveyor general having enrolled the said warrant, shall certify such inrolment at the foot or on the back thereof under their hands, and return the said warrant to the grantee or grantees of the premises therein named, and from and immediately after such inrolment*and thenceforth for ever the respective grantees named in such warrants, and their heirs and successors snail by force of this Act be adjudged deemed and taken to be In the actual seisin and possession of the premises in the said warrants specified, and shall hold and enjoy the same peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged of and from all claims and demands which can or may be made by his Majesty his heirs or successors, or by any person or persons lawfully claiming by from or under him or them, and of and from all manner of incumbrances whatsoever, as fully and amply to all intents and purposes as his Majesty his heirs or successors might or could have licld or enjoyed the same: Provided always, that nomine in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to ens&le his Majesty his heirs and successors to grant more than five acres in any one grant for any of the purposes aforesaid.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

' (A.)

FOR AN EXCHANGE OF FREEHOLD LANDS.

OE it known, That the Right Honourable A. B. and C.

Commissioners of his Majesty's woods forests and land revenues, being duly authorised by the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, in exercise of the powers vested in them by an Act, [insert tk title of tk 'u Act], do by these presents on behalf of tus Majesty his heirs sad successors give grant and convey to X. L his heirs and assigns, All that piece or parcel of land coloured in

the map or plan annexed to these presents, containing acres

roods and perches, and abutting, 4*. [«* Ik

otm siay be] i And foe said X. 2% doth by these presents for himself and

Class XII.*) Land Revenue of the Crown.

his heirs, by the direction of the said Commissioners of his Majesty's woods forests and land revenues, give grant and convey unto his said Majesty King George the Third and his heirs and successors, all that peace or parcel of land coloured in the said

map or plan) in exchange for the piece or parcel of land distinguished by a colour in the said map or plan: Provided always.

That if his said Majesty his heirs or successors, or the said X. Y. his heirs or assigns, shall at any time without their respective wilful default be evicted of the same piece or parcel of land hereby respectively given granted and conveyed to him or them respectively as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the party or parties so evicted to enter into the piece or parcel of land contracted by him to be given in exchange as aforesaid, and to hold and enjoy the same in his or their former estate in the same manner as if the exchange hereby made had not been made. In witness, &c.

(B.)

FORM OF DEED FOR AN EXCHANGE OF LEASEHOLD PREMISES.

DG it known, That the Right Honourable A. fi. and C.

Commissioners of his Majesty’s woods forests and land revenues, being duly authorised by the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, in exercise of the powers vested in them by an Act, [insert the Title of this Act], do by these presents on behalf of his Majesty his heirs and successors give grant and demise unto X. F. his executors administrators and assigns for the term of years, commencing from the day

next before the day of the date of these presents, all that piece or parcel of land coloured in the map or plan annexed to these presents,

containing acres, roods and perches,

and abutting, SfC. [os the cate may be], in exchange for the piece or parcel of land coloured in the said map or plan, containing

acres, roods and perches, ana

abutting, $c. [a« the cate may be]: And the said X. F. doth by these presents, for himself his executors and administrators, and by the direction of the said Commissioners of his Majesty’s woods forests and land revenues, give grant and surrender to his Majesty King George the Third his heirs and successors, all that the said piece or parcel of land coloured in the said map or plan, and which is now vested in him the said X. F. unjer a lease from the Crown, for a term of years, of which years are yet to come and unexpired, in exchange for the said piece or parcel of land distinguished by a colour in the

said map. In witness, &c.

(C.)

FORM OF CONVEYANCE.

rFHESE are to witness, That in consideration of the sum of

paid by A. B, to the Commissioners of woods forests and land revenues, [or, to the Surveyor General of his Majesty’s woods forests, &c. as the cate may be], for and on account of his said Majesty, C. D. and E. F., two of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s woods forests and land'revenues, being duly authorised by the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, do, for and on the behalf of-his said Majesty, by these presents grant bargain and sell unto the said A. B. his heirs and assigns, [describe the Parcels of Jand, &c. told]. To have and to hold [the said Parcels, &£.] hereby bargained and sold, and all benefit and advantage thereto belonging, unto and to the use of the said A. B. his heirs and assigns for ever. In witness whereof, the said C. D. £. F. and G. H. have hereunto set .their hands and seals this day in the year of our Lord,

(D.)

FORM OF LEASE.

rpHESE are to witness, That in consideration of the annual rent or sumO of hereinafter reserved to be paid oy Y. Y. of, fee.

2 N a

$48 Land Revenue of the [Part tt.

N<* the Commissioners of his Majesty’s woods forests and land revenues, [or

XXXIX. the Surveyor General of his Majesty’s woods and forests, as the case may ' TTT be], by the authority of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Trea~ 52 ueo. ill. sury^ for behalf of his Majesty doth J[or, do] by these presents, grant c. 161. demise lease and to farm let unto the said X. F. nis executors administrators and assigns, All [describe the Parcels of Land, &c.l, To have and to hold the said parcels, fee. hereby demised, and all benefit and advantage thereto belonging, unto him the said X. Y. his executors administrators and assigns, for and during the term of years, yielding and

paying by half yearly payments to the said Surveyor General, or to the said Commissioners [as the case may be] for the time being, the annual rent or sum of In witness whereof the said

and the said X- Y. have hereunto set their hands and seals this

day of in the year, &c. witness.

54 Geo. III. c. 70.

Monies arising from Fines of Leases, Sale of Rents and Lands, Enfranchisement, fte. to be paid to Commissioners under 53 G. 3. c. 121.

Sale of Lands in Wales.

[Np. XL, ] 54 George III. c. 70, —An Act for the

further Improvement of the Land Revenue of the Crown (1). — [17th June 1814.]

I. [All balances of rent of crown lands to be paid to Commissioners under 53 G. 3. c. 121.J (2)

II. [Receivers to have the same allowances on payment to Comqiis^ sionsrs as if paid into the Consolidated Fund.]

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act all and every sum and sums of money which shall or may arise, for or in respect of any fine or fines for the renewal or grant of afry lpase or leases or any manors messuages lands tenements <>r hereditaments of or belonging to his Majesty his heirs or successors, apd alsp all ana every sum and sums of money which shall or may arise or be produced from the sale of any fee-farm rents, or from the sale enfranchisement or equality of exchange of any manors messuages lands tenements lights or hereditaments, of or belonging to his Majesty his heirs or successors, under or by virtue of the provisions of the said recited Act of the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for di$ better Management of the Land revenue of the Crownf and for the Sale of Pet-farm and other unimprovable llenls, and of the said recited Act of the forty-eighth year of his present Majesty, intituled An Act to improve the Land Revenue of the Crown in England, and also of his Majesty's Duchy qjF Lancaster, shall from time to time be paid and made over by the several lessees and other person or persons liable to pay or authorise to receive the same unto the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the fifty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, to be applied by them for and towards the carrying the several purposes thereof into execution, until the said sums thereby authorised to be raised shall have been raised and thereafter fully paid and satisfied; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. [Receipts of Commissioners to discharge receivers lessees purchasers, fee. n

V. [Act of any two Commissioners to be valid.]

VI. [Commissioners of the Treasury empowered to transfer certain sums to the Commissioners under 53 G. 3. c. 191.

VII. [Monies to arise from the sale of estates to the Duke of York, and the dividends of annuities arising from monies under the Land Tax Acts, to be paid to the Commissioners, except sums required by the Treasury.]

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Matt cootents of tht patter part of this Act are not referrible to the purposes of the pre-^ion, and such parts therefore are only insetted as ate imnfsdiately connected with some ling Numbers.

thing a communication from Mary-le-Bone Park to Charing Croat 3y

Class XII.] Land Revenue of At Crown. 549

jfcsty’s wood* forests and land revenues, or die Surveyor General of his No. XL. Majesty's woods forests parks and chaces for the time being, with the n *

approbation of the Said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of his 64 ueo* Majesty’s Treasury for the time being, or any three of them, to contract c- 70. and agree for the sale of and absolutely to make sale and dispose from time to time of any plot or plots parcel or parcels of waste lands situate lying and being in any place or places within die principality of Wales, and which shall have been allotted, or may hereafter be allotted to his Majesty his heirs or successors, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament for inclosing lands passed subsequently to the passing of the said recited Acts of the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for the letter Management of the Lana Revenue of the Crown, and for the Sale of Fee-farm and other unimprovable Rents; and frhifeh Act or Acts of inclosure does or do not contain any special authority or provision for the sale of such plot or plots parcel or parcels of waste finds, for the best prices Or considerations id money which the said Commissioners of his Majesty’s woods forests and land revenues of the said Surveyor General shall be able to procure for the same.

IX. [Application of monies arising from the sale of lands in Wales.

X. [Certain parcels of waste land, part of the Forest of Dean, may be soldj

XI. And whereas under the provisions of the said recited Act of the Treasury cm. forty-eighth year of the reign ot his present Majesty, intituled An Act to powered to de-improve the Land Revenue of the Crown in England, and also of His Ma- termine what jest ft Duchy of Lancaster, the Surveyor General of the lana revenues are small

of the Crown for the time being was empowered to sell lands belonging quantities of to the Crown dispersed in small quantities and intermixed with the pro- Land under perty of individuals, and lying remote from other property belonging tq 48 G. 3. c, 73. the Crown: And whereas doubts have arisen what are to be considered ' small quantities of land within the scope and meaning of the said Act: be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord High Treasurer or the said Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury for the time being, or any three of them, and he or they is and are hereby fully authorised and empowered by any warrant or writing under then-hands to ascertain determine and declare what lands are comprised within the said recited Act, and are thereby made saleable under the denomination of lands dispersed in small quantities and intermixed with the property of individuals, and lying remote from other property belonging to the Crown.

XII. [After money raised the monies to arise from sale of manorial rights quit rents, &c. are to be laid out in lands for the growth of timber.]

XIII. [Purchasers of premises to have certificates and receipts for the purchase money, which certificates shall be inrolled in the office of the auditor of the land revenue, &c.]

XIV. [Penalty for neglect in not paying the purchase money into the Bank within the time limited.]

XV. [Commissioners to apply the monies arising from sale of Bank annuities to the purposes of the Act 53 G. 3. c. 21.]

[Sections 16, 17; 18, 19, 20 and 21 relate to the accounts and proceedings of the Commissioners under 53 Geo. 3. c. 121.1

aXII. [The Treasury may authorise the application of any part of the monies paid for the purchase of lands for the cultivation Of timber.]

XXIII. [Transferring account.]

XXIV. [Powers of 50 Geo. 3. c. 65. extended to the accounts uhder this Act.]

[Sections 25 to 38 relate to raiding money by Commissioners uport Toan.J

XXXIX. [Bodies' politick, &c. tenants for life or in tail, dofiimitteeS guardians and trustees for incapacitated persons or persons under disabilities enabled to contract aad to convey lands to his Majesty to be appro* priated to the growth of timber.]

550 Land Revenue of the Grown* [Part If.

No. XL. XL. [Lands to be valued upon oath, and not to be sold below the

54 Geo III valuation. I

’ XU. [Purchased lands to be conveyed to his Majesty according to the

c.70. fonn in schedule A.]

XLII. [Ecclesiastical persons entitled to fines to be compensated for the deprivation thereof by means of such sales.]

XLIII. [Such parts of the monies as are to be laid out in the purchase of other lands are to be invested or disposed of in the mean time according to the directions in the General Inclosure Act, 41 Geo. III. c. 109.

XLIV. [Bodies politick or corporate, guardians committees and trustees acting for persons under disabilities, enabled to contract with the Commissioners of his Majesty's woods for the sale of fuel rights.]

XLV. [Sales by tenant for life]

XLVI. [This Act not to restrain or affect powers of sale or exchange’ given by any other Act.]

XLVIL [Recital of 52 Geo. III. c. 161.—All leases granted by virtue thereof shall be exempt from stamp duty]

> [No. XLI.] 55 George III. c. 134.—-An Act for altering* the Rate at which the Crown may exercise its Right of Pre-emption of Ore in which there is Lead. — [4th July

55 Geo. III. WHEREAS by an Act passed in the fifth year of the reign of their late c. 134. Majesties King Wii.liah and Queen Mary, intituledLdn Act topre5 W. & M. c.6. Disputes and Controversies concerning Royal Mines, * owners of mines

within the kingdom of England dominion of Wales or town of Berwick-upon-Tweed wherein any ere should be discovered, and in which there is copper tin iron or lead, are authorised to hold and enjoy the same mines ana ore and to continue in possession thereof and to dig and work the said mines, notwithstanding that such mines or ore should be pretended or claimed to be royal mines, subject to a right in their Majesties their heirs and successors, and all claiming any mines under them, to have the ore of any such mines in any part of the said kingdom of England dominions of Wales or town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, other than tin ore in the counties of Devon and Cornwall, paying to the proprietors or owners of the said mines certain rates contained m the said Act in the manner and according to the limitations specified in the said recited Act: And whereas the rate therein directed to be paid for all ore wherein there is lead, is in consequence of the lapse of time and change of circumstances since the passing of the said recited Act become inadequate to the increased expence of raising the same, and it is reasonable therefore that the same should be increased: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Copimons in this present Parliament assembled and by 251. per Ton the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act instead of 91. to the rate which shall be paid by his Majesty his heirs and successors and Maiming any royal mines under them in exercising the right bf.pre-which hu Ma- emption given them by the said recited Act, as far as respects any ore SiMRad1 wherein there is lead, shall be twenty-five pounds per ton for all ore MinaTmarer- was*, cd made clean and merchantable wherein there is lead, instead of ercise thew " the rate of nine pounds per on as by the said recited Act is directed; any Right of Prt- thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and such •motion of increased rate shall be paid subject to the provisions and according Orein which to the regulations contained in the said recited Act and now in force with there U Lead, regard to the said original rate of nine pounds per ton.

* hif Act ante Clan 1. No. 19. fthe Work.

The present Act had not passed at the time of pnating

Class XIIJ

Land Revenue of the Crown *

351

[No. XLII. 3 58 Geoi^e 111. c. 42.—An Act for enabling No. XLIL the Trustee of certain Premises at Great Yarmouth in 58 Qeo jj the County of Norfolk, held in Trust for his Majesty 4q.

to execute a Conveyance of the same to a Purchaser UyW thereof. — [28th May 1818.]

llWHEREAS by certain indentures of lease and release bearing date Indentures,

respectively the eighteenth and nineteenth days of September m dated 18 & 10th the year one thousand eight hundred and three, the indenture of re* Sept. 1803. lease being of six parts, ana made between William Atmer of Great Yarmouth in the county of Norfolk, victualler, of the first part; Samuel Wood-ward of the same place, rough-mason, of the second part; William Moon of the same place cabinet-maker, of the third part; Isaac Brantley of the same place cooper (since deceased,) of the fourth part; Francis Riddell Reynold* of the same place, gentleman, of the fifth part; and Sir Rupert George knight, and Ambrose Serle and Thomas Hamilton esquires, three of his Majesty's then commissioners for the transport service, and for the care and custody of prisoners of war, of the sixth part; after reciting as therein is recited, it is witnessed, that in consideration of the sum of one hundred and thirty-three pounds six shillings, and eight-pence to each of them the said William Atmer, Samuel Woodward, and William Moon, paid by the said Sir Rupert George, Ambrose Serle, and Thomas Hamilton, as commissioners as aforesaid, on the part and behalf of his Majesty,

(making together four hundred pounds), and also in consideration of ten shillings paid to the said Isaac Brantley, the said Isaac Brantley (at the request and by the direction and appointment of the said William Atmer,

Samuel Woodward, and William Moon, testified as in the said indenture of release is mentioned) did bargain sell and release, and the said William Atmer, Samuel Woodward, and William Moon (according to their respective parts or shares estates and interests of and in the hereditaments and premises intended to be thereby released, but not further or otherwise), did grant bargain sell aliene release ratify and confirm unto the said Sir Rupert George, Ambrose Serle, and Thomas Hamilton, as commissioners as aforesaid, and to their heirs and assigns, all those new.-bullt store* houses stable granaries or com chambers, which formerly were several tenements or dwelling-houses of Jacob Arnold and Mary his wife, and since of William MaUett, with the edifices buildings yards ground and appurtenances thereunto belonging, formerly in the possession use or-occupation of the said William Mallctt, since of the said Francis Riddell Reynolds, and then untenanted situate and being together in Great Yarmouth aforesaid, between a common lane or row in part and the house and ground formerly of John Willis mariner and Either his wife, and then late of William Dark, in part of the south part, and another common lane or row of the north part, and abutting upon the said houses and ground formerly of the said John Willis and Either his wife, and then late of the said William Dark towards the east, and upon the new-built messuage and ground then late of Sarah Ginningham spinster, and then of Mitchell widow towards the west: And also all that.

storehouse or warehouse and granary, with the appurtenances, then some time since used as a cooper's shop and warehouses, and then late in the occupation of Samuel Varley and Ambrose Harboard Steward, situate and being in Great Yarmouth aforesaid, between the hemphouse and ground, then late fish-houses, then of George Errington ropemaker of the east part, and the said tenement or dwelling-house then late of the said John .

Willis, and since of the said William Dark of the west part, and abutting upon a common lane or row in part and the platform or dry chamber extending over the said row, belonging to the said malt-house of the said Francis Riddell Reynolds in part towards the north; and another common lane or row towards the south, or however otherwise the said hereditaments were abutalled or known, together with all ways paths passages waters watercourses lights easements liberties privileges profits advanto

552

Land Savptue af the Crown. [Put If.

No. XLU. tapes emoluments hereditaments rights members, and appurtenances 58 Geo III w"atsocver to the said storehouses stable granaries or com chambers Mid premises, or any of them, or any part thereof belonging or in anywise

c. 4*. appertaining, or to or with the same or any of them or any part thereof, commonly or usually demised used held enjoyed or occupied, or accepted reputed deemed taken or known as part parcel or member thereof or of any part thereof, to hold the same unto and to the use of the said Sir Rupert George, Ambrose Serle, and Thonwt Hamilton, as commissioners as aforesaid, their heirs and assigns for ever, in trust nevertheless for his Majesty his heirs and successors for ever: And whereas the said storehouses and other buildings herein before described were, shortly after the said recited conveyance thereof, converted into a dep6t for prisoners of war, and the same were used for that purpose until the termination of the late war: And whereas the said Ambrose Serle departed this life in the year one thousand eight hundred and twelve, and the said Thomarn Hamilton departed this life in the year one thousand eight hundred and fifteen: And whereas, upon the establishment of the present peace, it became unnecessary to retain the said hereditaments and premises herein before described for the public service, and therefore the same hereditaments and premises with the appurtenances and die inheritance thereof in fee-simple were, on the second day of May in the year one thousand eight hundred and sixteen, put up or offered for sale by public auction at Great Yarmouth aforesaid, by the order or direction of his Majesty's then commissioners for the transport service and for the care and custody of prisoners of war on behalf of his Majesty, in one lot; and at such side Robert Pickit of the parish of Saint Paul in the city of Norwich oatmeal-maker, was the higr.est bidder for and thereupon declared the purchaser of the said hereditaments and premises at or for the price Or sum of one hundred and ninety pounds: And whereas the said Robert Pickit shortly afterwards paid the said purchase money or sum of one hundred and ninety pounas agreeably to the conditions* of the said sale, and the same hath teen duly accounted for and applied on behalf of his Majesty for the benefit of the public service: And whereas the said Robert Pickit is desirous of obtaining a conveyance of the said hereditaments and premises purchased by him as aforesaid, and he b justly entitled thereto; but the same cannot be legally and effectually made or executed without the aid and authority of parliament: Be it therefore Enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this Certain Pre- . present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That mites to be it shall and may be lawful for the said Sir Rvpert George or his heirs, at

conveyed to the request costs and charges of the said Robert Pickit his heirs or

R0*? assigns, to convey and assure all those the said storehouses or warehouses

the Purchaser, stable granaries and other buildings yards ground hereditaments and all and singular other the premises herein before described, with all improvements or alterations thereof, and every part and parcel of the same, with their and every of their rights members and appurtenances, unfo and to the use of the said Robert Pickit his heirs and assigns for ever, or to for and upon such uses trusts intents and purposes as he or they shall law-ftiHy direct or appoint, free and discharged of and from the said trust declared thereof by the said recited indenture of release, and without any responsibility or liability on the part of the said Robert Pickit his heirs or assigns, respecting the payment or application of the said purchase money or sum of one hundred and ninety pounds; but nevertheless also without any warranty or covenant, either express or implied, on behalf df his Majesty or his trustees, for the tide to the said hereditaments and premises.

[No. XLIII. 1 58 Geo. III. c. 09.—An Act for altering and amending an Act made in the Fifty-fifth Year of bis present Majesty, to amend an Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of his present Majesty, to improve

55 Geo. III. c.190.

Class XII.] Land Revenue of the Crown/ 653

the Land Revenue of the Crown so far as relates to the No. XLIII. Great Forest of Brecknock in the County of Brecknock; 58 Geo. III. and for vesting iu his Majesty certain Parts of the said c. 99. Forest, and for inclosing the said Forest. — [lOtfc June 1818.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed m the Fifty-fifth year of the reign of TT his present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act made in the Tarty-eighth Year of hit present Majesty, to improve the Land Revenue of the Grown, to far as relates to the Great Forest of Brecknock in the County of Brecknock; and for vesting in hit Majesty certain Parts of the taut Forest, and for inclosing the said Forest; after directing that the Commissioners named and appointed in and by the said Act should amongst other things set out and appoint any new and additional public roods or highways, or any new tracts or ways for such public roads or highways in and orer the said forest, and giving them certain powers as to the roads path and ways in over through or upon any of the lands or grounds within the said forest; and after directing that the said commissioners should set out and allot unto and for the formation and repairs of highways made or to be made within the limits of the said forest, so much and such parts of the open and commonable lands within the said forest, and in sucnqplaces as the said commissioners should think proper, for getting stone or gravel or other materials for the formation or for the repairs from time to time for ever of the public and private roads and highways made or to be made within the limits of the said forest, and should set out and allot such port or parts parcel or parcels of the lands and grounds by the said Act directed to be divided allotted and inclosed as and for public limestone quarries; and should set out such part and parts of the said lands and grounds by the said Act directed to be allotted and inclosed, as in the judgment of the said commissioners thereby appointed would defray all the costs ohavges and expences incident to the obtaining passing and carrying into execution of the said recited Act; and also should set out certain allotments in lieu of the tithes arising renewing happening or payable from the open and commonable lands within the limits of the said forest as were or should be found to be extratparoehtal, and such as were locally situate within the bounds or limits of any parish; it was enacted, that the said commissioners should divide set out and allot one full moiety or half-part of all the rest residue and remainder, of the said forest unto the King* most excellent Majesty his heirs and successors, and should set out and allot the residue of the lands and grounds by the said recited Act directed to be divided allotted and inclosed, unto and amongst all and every the persons entitled to commonage in over or upon the same respectively or any part or parts thereof (other than and except the King’s Majesty his heirs and successors), in proportion to the real value of their several and respective messuages cottages lands and tenements in respect whereof they were entitled to such rights of common and to the part or parts of the lands to be inclosed in over or upon which their respective rights of common should extend, due regard being had in settling the quantum of each allotment to the quality ana situation of the land to be comprised therein: And whereas the commissioners appointed in and by the said recited Act have proceeded to put the same into execution, and great expences have been thereby incurred, and considerable parts of the said forest have been sold by the said commissioners to defray such expences: And whereas it appears that the soil of so much of the said forest, and the lands and grounds in die said recited Act mentioned, as will remain to be divided and allotted in severalty unto and amongst the persons entitled to rights of common in over ana upon the said forest, after making and setting out ths other allotments in the said Act directed, is so poor and sterile that ft* same would not answer the expences of inclosure and cultivation, and it is therefore expedient that so much of the said recited Act as directs that allotments *0*11 be made in lieu of tithes, and that the said commissioners should allot the

554

No. XLIII: 58 Geo. III. c. 99.

Certain ProviPowen given by the recited Act repealed.

Claims may be received within two Months after the passing of this Act.

Tithes to continue payable.

land Revenue of ike freitn* [Part H *

residue of the said forest and other open and commonable lands (after setting out the King’s allotment and such other allotments as aforesaid) in severalty, unto and amongst the several persons entitled to eppuMn-age in over or upon the same, freed and discharged from tithes and rights of common, should be repealed, together with all powers and authorities given by the said recited Act to the said commissioners for that purpose; and that the said commissioners should be authorised and required to allot one moiety of the said forest to the King’s most excellent Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof to and amongst the several persons entitled to rights of common, to be enjoyed by fhem in common as heretofore, or in such manner and under such rules and regulations as hereinafter mentioned; but freed from all forestal rkbts; May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and oe it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in tins present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act as directs and empowers the said commissioners to turn or alter any streams springs or watercourses within the said forest, and to make and set out any allotments in lieu of tithes to any person or persons whatsoever, and to ascertain settle or determine to whom such allotments should belong, and to set out and allot the residue of the lands and grounds by the said Act directed to he divided allotted and inclosed unto and amongst all and every the persons entitled to commonage in over or upon the same respectively or any part or parts thereof respectively, in proportion to the real value of their several and respective messuages cottages lands and tenements, in respect whereof they are entitled to such rights of common and to the part or parts of the lands to be inclosed in over or upon which their respective rights of common should extend, together with all powers and authorities given to the said commissioners for that purpose, and all other powers and authorities

Sven by the said recited Act to the said commissioners for directing the ncing of allotments, and also so much of the said recited Act as directs that all tithes both great and small, modules compositions and other payments in lieu of tithes, arising renewing and payable within the said forest lands and grounds, and all rights of common in over and upon the same, shall cease and be for ever extinguished, shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners shall be at liberty to receive ascertain and settle the claims of any person or persons to a right of common in and upon the said forest, who may have hitherto omitted to send in such claims, provided the same are sent in within two months after the passing this Act, and provided all expences attending the receiving settling and ascertaining such claims be paid borne and defrayed by the person or persons making the same, but the said commissioners shall not be at liberty to receive any claims whatsoever after the expiration of the 3aid two months from the passing this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Kings most excellent Majesty his heirs and successors shall henceforth continue to take demand have and receive all tithes both great and small, and aU moduses compositions and other payments in lieu of tithes, arising renewing increasing happening or payable out of from or in respect of such part or parts of the open and commonable lands within the limits of the saidTorest as are extra-parochial; and all tithes* both great and small, and all moduseS compositions and other payments in lieu of tithes whatsoever, arising growing renewing increasing happening or payable in over or upon such part or parts of the said opeta ana commonable lands as is or are locally situate within the bounds or limits of any parish or parishes, if any part or parts are so situate, shall henceforth be demanded' taken and payable by and to the person or persons bodies politic corporate or collegiate, who is are or shall be entitled thereto in as full ample and beneficial and in such and the same manner as if the said recited Act had not been passed.

Class XII.] Land Revenue of the Cram. 555

XV. And whereas the said commissioners have, under the authority of No. XLIII. the said recited Act, sold certain parts of the said lands and grounds i.t within the said forest, for defraying the expences of passing and carrying 00 *

into execution the said recited Act, and the lands and grounds so sold c* _ have been purchased by the persons now holding the same as tithe free; be it therefore enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed Allotments to or extend to subject any lands which have been so sold tithe free to the Tithe Owner* payment of tithes; but the same shall remain and continue free and cx- as Compensa-empt from tithe, in such and the like manner as if this Act had not been tions for the passed, and that the said commissioners shall and they are hereby autho- Tithes of Lead* rised and required to set out and allot unto or for the King’s Majesty his by heirs or successors, or the person or persons bodies |iolitick or corporate Commissioner* or collegiate, who would have been entitled to tithes in kind in over or A, the tcte’ upon the said lands and grounds so sold by the said commissioners as tithe free, so much and such parcel of the said lands and grounds by the said recited Act directed to be divided allotted and inclosed, as shall in the judgment of the said commissioners be a full compensation and satisfaction for all tithes both great and small, and all moduses compositions and other payments in lieu of tithes, arising growing renewing increasing happening or payable out of or from or for or in respect of all all such lands and grounds, which have been so sold tithe free as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners shall mark Lands to be

and set out such part and parts of the said lands and grounds by the said sold for paying Act directed to he divided allotted and inclosed, as by the sale thereof the Expences will in the judgment of the said commissioners raise a sufficient sum of incurred in money to defray and discharge all expences incurred in the carrying into carrying into execution of the said recited Act, ana now outstanding and unpaid; and *

also all the costs charges and expences incident to the carrying intoexecu- *ited Act. tion of so much of the said recited Act as is not hereby repealed; and all

such sales shall be made either for the best price or prices which can or may be obtained by private contract, or in the manner and under the directions and restrictions prescribed and directed by the said recited Act, with regard to lands and grounds thereby authorised and directed to be sold for the payment of expences.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the costs charges and ex- Expences of pences incident to the obtaining and passing this Act shall be borne paid this Act how and defrayed by the Commissioners tor the time being of his Majesty’s to be paid, woods forests and land revenues, by and out of the monies to arise or be produced by the sale of the allotment hereby directed to be set out for

his Majesty his heirs or successors, or by and out of any of the land revenues of the Crown, which shall be under their care and management, and shall not be otherwise appropriated. 1

VII. And whereas the said commissioners are in and by the said Act Commissioner* authorised and required to set out and appoint any new or additional may set out public roads or highways in and over the said forest, and may also turn Public Roads, abate or stop up any ancient carriage road or way in through upon or

over any of the lanas or grounds within the said forest; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners and they are hereby authorised and empowered to set out and appoint any new or additional public road or highway to or from any part of the said forest over the inclosed lands belonging to any person or persons whomsoever, unto and to communicate with or join the turnpike road leading from Brecon to Neath: Provided always, that no such highway or roan shall be set out and appointed without the consent in writing or the owner or owners of the said lands or of the person or persons beneficially interested therein having been first had and obtained.

VIII. And be it further enacted. That, after the said commissioners After Com-shall have appointed and set out such new and additional public roads mimionen rhall and highways or tracks or ways for such public roads or highways in have set oat f

, and over the said forest, as to them shall seem proper in relation thereto ^ffional Pub-according to the directions of the said recited Act* and shall have made >

656

No. XLIIf. 56 Geo. III. c. 99.

moiety of remaining Lands to be set out for his MaJntjr.

Land Rename of the Crown. [Part II.

and set out the several allotments under die powers authorities and directions of the said recited Act for getting stone gravel or other materials for the formation and for the repairs from time to time for ever of the public and private reads and highways made or to be made within the limits of the said forest, and for public limestone quarries for the purpose of getting limestone and other stones therefrom, with convenient roaas to and from the same respectively; and after the making and setting out of the allotments by this Act directed to be made, as a compensation and s&tisfhction for the tithes of the lands which have been so sold tithe free as aforesaid, and die allotments of lands to be sold under

the authority of this Act for payment of expences, the said commissioners shall and they are hereby required to divide set out and allot otie moiety or full half-part of all the rest residue and remainder Of the said forest (due regard being had to the quality and situation thereof) unto the King’s most excellent Majesty his heirs and successors, and which said allotment as soon as the same shall be allotted and severed from the lands adjoining thereto shall become and remain the exclusive property of the King’s Majesty his heirs and successors, freed exonerated usd for ever discharged of and from all rights of common common of pasture and turbary, and all other rights of what nature or kind soever. Convenient aad ' IX. And be it further enacted, That die said commissioners shaH and necessary they are hereby required to set out such and so many private roads and Roods to be ways as shall be necessary for giving convenient access to such allotment

made to the as shall be so as aforesaid made to nis Majesty his heirs or successors.

Allotment to the Crown.

A separate Award to be prepared of the Crown allotment.

The Commissioners of Woods, dec. empowered to sell the King’s allotment.

Allotment of Residue.

X. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as the said Commissioners shall have set out the allotment herein before directed to be made and set out to his Majesty his heirs and successors, they shall

Ere a separate award with a map or plan of such allotment annexed to, whereof there shall be three originals, one to be inrolled in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, another in the office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue, there to remain on record, and which shall afterwards be filed and preserved amongst the muniments of the office of the Commissioners of nis Majesty’s woods forests and land revenues for the time being; and the said awara or the inrolment thereof shall or may be produced read and received in evidence on all occasions where any doubt question or controversy may arise, relating to or affecting the rights and interests of his Majesty his heirs and successors, in respect of the said allotment to be vested in the King’s Majesty his heirs and successors, by virtue of this Act; and the third of the said awards shall b* deposited with the clerk of the peace for the said county of Brecknock.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty’s woods forests and land revenues for the time being, to contract and agree for the sale of and absolutely to make sale ana dispose of all or such part or parts of the said allotment

so to be set out to rlfy of this Act, as they si

r his heirs and successors, under the autho J think fit, subject to the satoe approbation

and under the same limitations and restrictions arid in the same manner as directed by the said recited Act, with regard to the sale of allotments by the said Commissioners of his Majesty’s woods forests and land revenues for the time being, udder the authority of that Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That atltne rest residue and reYnamdtr of the said lands and grounds by the said recited Act directed fq be divided allotted and inclosed, shall be arid remain open and unthclosed for the benefit of the several other owners or proprietors of artOient messuages cottages inclosed lands and grounds, entitled to rights of common in over and upon the said lands and groudds, aftOfdilig to their several and respective rights and interests therein, mod and discharged from all forestal rights, and from all claims of his M^ye&y his heirs and successors, and all persons lawfully claiming under him dr them; save and except such rights and interests as are hereinafter expressly e&ceptdd and reserved to his Majesty his heirs and successors,

•’' Class XII.] Land Revalue of th* Crown. B&7

XIII. And be it further enacted, That John Cheese one of the tornNo. XLIII. missioners in the said recited Act named, or any person to be nominated G tjt or appointed a commissioner in his room or stead, shall be and is hereby 00 11#

fully authorised and empowered by any writing under his hand and seal c* to be deposited and left with the clerk of the peace for the said county of Brecknock, where the same shall and may be inspected at all seasonable Commiaeioner times for ever thereafter by any person or persons whomsoever on pay- empowered to ment of one shilling, to make such orders and regulations as he may make Regula-think beneficial and proper for the stinting the lands and grounds hereby tieot for nmt-directed to be and remain open and unmclosed for the benefit of the lag the Unde several persons entitled to rights of common in over and upon ther directed to re-same; and to limit and settle the quantity of stock which each person ain.un, n" having such right of common shall respectively feed and depasture thereon closed’ in due proportion to their respective stints ox rights; and for the equitable enjoyment thereof; and for the participation of any produce growing or to grow thereon; and which orders and regulations shall be binding and conclusive upon all persons interested in tup said open and uninclosed lands; and that it snail be lawful for the said John Cheese or any person so to be nominated and appointed a commissioner in his room or stead to raise any sum or sums of money which shall be requisite. tQ defray the costs charges and expences of so regulating the said stint, or of carrying into execution any of the orders or regulations which shall be so made for that purpose by sale of a sufficient part of the lands and grounds so directed to be and remain open and uninclosed for, the benefit of the several persons entitled to rights of common, as aforesaid; which sale or sales shall be made either by private contract or in the manner directed by the said recited Act; and for which purpose the said John Cheese or, qny person to be nominated, in his room or stead as aforesaid shall have ana be invented with all such and the like powers and authorities for carrying such sales into execution and completing and perfecting the same as. ape by the said recited Act given to or. vested to the commissioners for carrying the said Act into execution with respect to any sale or sales thereby authorised or directed to be made by them.

xrv. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the said allot- Extinguish!*! ment of the moiety of the said lands and grounds within, the said' forest Right* of Com* so to be made and set out to and for his Majesty, his, heirs and success mop on the sors, shall by order of the said commissioners be staked out and marked, King V allot-all rights of common in over and upon the same shall cease and, be for mcnt* ever annulled, abolished and extinguished; and if any person or, persons shall dig cut or take, away any of the turf bushes, or unnerwood or soil of the said allotment so to be made and set out to and for hU said Majesty . bis heirs and successors for any use or purpose whatsoever, or under any right privilege or claim, or pretence of right privilege or claim whatsoever, then and in every such case on due proof made before any.one or more justice or justices of the peace on oath (which oath such justice or justices is and are hereby empowered to administer) the said justice or justices shall, and he or they is and are hereby directed and required by warrant under his or their hand or hands anneals directed to any person or persons whomsoever, to cause any sum or sums of money not exceeding five pounds to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person or persons so offending in the premises, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand to the person or persons whose goods and chattels shall be so distrained and sola, after deducting the costs and charges attending such distress and sale* and the money so to-be-levied as aforesaid shaft be applied towards the payment of the costs charges and expences of ob-tainrng ana executing this Act.

XV, And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners commissioners.to inquire into settle or ascertain any disputes between potto enquire spy adjoining parishes in which the said lands or grounds may lie or be j?to OT Mttle situate, or a? to the boundary between any extra-parochial place and any pl4p.ufe?*s l? adjoining parish; any thing in the said recited Act or in the Act o(the ?tn, h bounda' forty-first year of the-reign of bis present Majesty, intituled An Act for "?*; >, consolidating in one. Art certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of In* ' '

closure i for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Facts usually

$56

No. XLIir. 53 Geo. III. c. 99.

Power* of 55 G. 3. c. 190. except as here* by repealed or altered, to continue m force.

Final Award.

Land Revenue of the Crown.

[Part 11.

Saving his Majesty's Rights to Mines and Minerals.

General Saving.

required on the pasting of such Acts, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners appointed or to lie appointed by or under the authority of the said recited Act of tLe fifty-hfth year of his Majesty's reign shall be commissioners for the putting into execution of this Act; and all and every part of the said recited Act of the fifty-fifth year of the reign of his Majesty, and all powers and authorities thereby given to the said commissioners (save and except so far as the same is and are hereby repealed varied or altered}, shall be in full force and effect, and all such powers and authorities shall be used and exercised by the said commissioners iu carrying this Act into execution as fully and effectually as if the same had been ncreby repeated and re-enacted.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners shall, after having completed such allotments of the said forest, draw up or cause to be drawn up their final award in manner prescribed by die Act of the forty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, and which shall be made within twelve calendar months after the passing of this Act; and the same when enrolled in manner directed by the same Act of the forty-first year of his Majesty's reign shall be deposited and left with the cleric of the peace for the said county of Brecknock, where the same shall tod may be inspected and perused, at all seasonable times in the day-time for ever thereafter by any person or persons whomsoever paying the sum of one shilling and no more to the said clerk of the peace or his deputy for every such inspection and perusal'; and two copies of such award shall be enrolled, one or them in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster and the other of them in the office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue there to remain on record, and shall afterwards be filed and preserved amongst the muniments of the office of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s woods forests and land revenues; such award or the enrolment thereof to be produced and read in evidence on all occasions where any doubt or controversy may arise relating to or affecting the rights or interests of his Majesty his heirs or successors, in respect of any allotment vested in his Majesty his heirs and successors by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that this Act shall not defeat or prejudice the right or interest of the King's most excellent Majesty his neirs and successors in of to any mines of coal lead ores or any other minerals whatsoever in or under the same forest or any part thereof; but that his Majesty his heirs and successors and his or their lessees and grantees agents servants and workmen may search for dig rake and carry away all coal lead ores metals and all other minerals whatsoever as if this Act had not been passed.

XVIII. Saving always to the King’s most excellent Majesty his heirs and successors, and to all bodies politick corporate or collegiate and their successors ana to aU and every person and persons whomsoever, his and their heirs executors administrators and assigns, all such estate right title interest claim and demand whatsoever (other than and except such as is and are hereby expressed meant and intended to t^e barred destroyed or extinguished) as they every or any of them had or enjoyed In to or out of the said forest and open commonable lands and grounds by the said recited Act directed to be divided allotted and inclosed before the passing of this Act, or could have had and enjoyed therein in case this Act had not been passed.

[No. XLIV.] 58 George III. c. 100.—An Act for vesting in his Majesty certain Parte of the Hayes of Bvrk-land and BilSiagh, and of certain Commonable Lands and Open Uninclosed Grounds id the Township of Edwinstowe within the Forest of Sherwood, in the County of Nottingham. — [lOtA June 1818.]

HlIEREAS the King's most excellent Majesty mdrf »t of n crotrn, is seised to himself hie heirs and successors and < " itled to the soil

Class XII.] Land Revenue of the Crown. 553

of the Hayes of Birkland and Bilhagh, in the township of EdwmstowS No> XLIV. within the forest of Sherwood, in the county of Nottingham, together with rtr

all timber trees wood and underwood growing renewing standing and being thereon; which tract of land called The Hayes of Birkland and Bit- c* hagh is computed to contain one thousand four hundred and eighty-seven WyW acres: And whereas there are within the said township of Edwmstowe certain other commonable lands and open and uninclosed grounds, containing by estimation about one thousand! six hundred acres, the soil whereof is vested in the several lords of the manors within which the said common-able lands and open and uninclosed grounds lie and are situate; and the said lords seised of the soil thereof are entitled to all the timber trees wood and underwood growing standing and being thereon:And whereas the King’s most excellent Majesty being seised in right of his crown to himself his heirs and successors of the said forest of Sherwood, is entitled to certain rights of deer and game and other forestal rights over all the said commonable lands and open uninclosed grounds: And whereas the most noble William Henry Cavendish Scott Duke of Portland is or claims to be lord of the manor ot Edwinstowe, and as such claims to be entitled to the soil of so much of the said commonable lands and open uninclosed grounds as lies and is situate within the said manor, together with the timber trees wood and underwood growing standing and being thereon;

And whereas the very Reverend the Dean of the cathedral church of the Blessed Virgin Mary of Lincoln, and the chapter of the same church, are or claim to oe lords of the manor of Edwinstowe rectory, and as such claim to be entitled to the soil of so much of the said commonable lands and open uninclosed grounds as lies and is situate within the same manor, together with all timber trees wood and underwood growing standing and being thereon: And whereas the right honourable Charles Earl Manners is the lessee of the said last mentioned manor under the said dean and chapter: And whereas the said Duke of Portland the said Earl Manners and divers other persons are owners or proprietors of certain estates in the said township of Edwinstowe, within the said forest of Sherwood, and in respect thereof claim to be entitled (subject to the forestal rights of his Majesty) to certain rights of common and other rights in over and upon the said Hayes of Birkland and Bilhagh, and the said other commonable lands and open uninclosed grounds: And whereas an Act was passed in the forty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating in one Act certain Provisions 41 0.3. e. 109. usually inserted in Acts of inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Facts usually required on the passing of such Acts .

And whereas the said Hayes of Birkland and Bilhagh, and the said commonable lands and open uninclosed grounds is their present state are of less value to his Majesty, or to the several persons having such claims or rights thereon as aforesaid, than if the same were inclosed; and it would be of great advantage to his Majesty and the public in general, and be advantageous to the several persons having such claims and rights as aforesaid, if the said Hayes of Birkland and Bilhagh and the other common-able lands and open uninclosed grounds within the township of Edwinstowe were disafforested, and if the same were divided and allotted to his Majesty and the several persons entitled to and interested in the same { subject to the limitations and restrictions in this and the said recited Act contained: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same, That Adam Murray of Saint Martinis Lane, Westminster, in the county of Middlesex; gentleman, on the part and behalf of bisMa- aPP°, me* jesty, and John Parkinson of Weltow, in the said county of Nottingham, gentleman, on the part and behalf of the several persons having nghts and interests in the said rommonable lands and open uninclosed grounds hereby authorised to be divided and allotted, and their successors to he nominated and appointed in manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be and tiley are hereby appointed commissioners for dividing allotting and in-lC

fiOQ l*md Revenue of the Crown. ffcnll

No. XLIV. cluing the said Hayes of BMUand f «nJ die otberaxnaci

VTf able lands and open iminckeed grounds within the said toys&p i iU# Eds insiome, and nr canying into execution the several other purpose;

c. 100. this Act, in such manner as is boeinafter provided or mentaoscd, a Vwv*V with siab of the powers and subject to such of the rales orders res.

tions and restrictions contained in the and recited Act ns are not nx altered or otherwise provided for by this Act.

Oath of Com* 11. And be it further enacted, That no coramissiooer sbaD act ins* mimanen. execution of any of the powers by the said recited Act or this granted, (save and except in the sigpint and giving notice of the f* meeting of the said commissioners), taanT be shall have taken and sun scribed the following oath, in addition to the oath by the said wrist Act threetedrto be taken; such oath to be administered and hmftrijs like manner as the oath by the said recited Act prescribed to betaken by commiauooers for executing Acts of indeoure is directed to be ah ministered and mrolled; which additional oath shall be in the worker to the efiect following; that is to say.

For appointing new Commissioner!.

* T A. B. do swear, [or, being one of the people called QmJm, 6o& 4 firm], That I am neither proprietor or occupier of, nor to the te of my knowledge am I concerned as guardian steward or agent for ej

* proprietor of messuages houses cottages lands or grounds, or other per '

1 son having or claiming any right of common or any manorial rigbrj, t any other right or interest in over or upon the Hayes of Birkkmlti Bithugh or the other commonable lands and open un inclosed grotnxfa &

* be allotted and inclosed by virtue of an Act passed in the a/ty-etoi year of the reign of King George the Third, inti ailed [insert theme*t 4 this Jet; ] ana that I will honestly and faithfully as a Comnussuncf

* -under the said Act execute and discharge the powers and audiorite

thereby given to me. So help me GOD. ’

HI. And be it further enacted, that in case the said Jdm Mvrm hereby appointed the commissioner for and on behalf of his Majesty, at any person to be nominated and appointed a commissioner in toiron or stead by virtue of this Act, shall cue refuse or neglect to act or become incapable of acting as such commissioner in the execution of said recited Act and this Act, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the time being of his Majesty's woods forests and land revenues, by any writing under their hands, within one calendv month next after such death refusal or incapacity to act as aforesaid skU be made known to them, to nominate and appoint a proper fence (not interested in the said division and indosure), to be a commissioner in the room or stead of the said Adam Murray, or of such other perm nominated or appointed in his room or stead, sodving refusing neglecting or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; ana so from tune to timets pften as any commissioner to be nominated and appointed by the said Commissioners of his Majesty’s woods forests ana land revenues a aforesaid, shall die refuse neglect or become incapable to act as such commissioner in the execution of the said recited Act and this Act; sad in cane the said John Parkinson, or any person to be nominated orap- 1 pointed in his room or stead by virtue of this Act, shall die refine or neglect to not or become incapable to act in the execution of the said re* cited Act and this Act, then and in every such case the surviving or remain uag commissionershall within one calendar month next after such death neglect refusal or incapacity shall happen to be knowntobm^otk case of his death neglect refusal or incapacity then the dark for the time being of the said commissioners shall summon a meeting (of wfcjcb meetingtwentyMme days days’ notice shall be given by adverttseaestu some paper usually circulated in the said township of Edvcetov* or county of Nvttinghem)* of all and every the owners and proprietor* claiming such rights as aforesaid, to be holden within thirty days fires the date of such notice; and the major part in value of such owners sad proprietors* who shall be present in person or by their respective known agents or by their proxies, duly authorised for that purpose at such jnetiI

Class Xp. J I^and Retenue of the Crown. S6f

log-or meetings (such value, in case of any difference or dispute touching No, XLlV/ the same, to be ascertained by reference to the land tax. assessment of nT *

the said parish of Edwin*t«wc), shall and they are hereby required, at such meeting to nominate' and appoint by any writing under their hands G< . ? a proper person or persons (not interested in the said division and inclosure) to be a commissioner in the room and stead of the said John Par- - *

Union, or of such other person to be nominated and appointed in the room or stead of him so dying refusing neglecting or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid, and so from time to time as often as any such case shall happen; and every such commissioner so to be nominated and ap-v .

pointed snail, after taking and subscribing the oaths prescribed in that behalf, have the like powers and authorities for carrying the said recited Act and this Act into execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like rules regulations and restrictions as if he had originally been nominated a commissioner brand by this Act.

• IV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners for the If new Corn-time being of his Majesty’s woods forests and land revenues, or the said mimoiMn mat persons claiming such rights as aforesaid, or any of them, shall make' nominated default in nominating and appointing any new'commissioner so directed, within the to be nominated ana appointed by them, or any of them respectively w aforesaid, within the respective times for that purpose limited and in ‘cn.bed» manner aforesaid, then and in every such case it snail be lawful for the surviving or remaining commissioner, and he is hereby required from rime to time, by waiting under his hand within one calendar month after pointmeaU^- the expiration of such respective times so allowed for dominating and appointing such hew and succeeding commissioner as aforesaid, to nominate and appoint a proper person (not interested in the said division and inclosure) to be a commissioner in the room or stead of every such commissioner so dying refusing neglecting or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and every commissioner so nominated and appointed r>hall, t after taking and subscribing the oaths prescribed in that behalf, have the like power and authority for carrying the said recited Act and this Act into execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like rules regulations and restrictions as if he had been originally nominated a commissioner, in and by this Act.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if either of the* CmammSooeei said commissioners hereby nominated, or any commissioners to be nomi-. neglecting t» riajed or appointed by virtue of this Act, shall wilfully refuse or’attend Meet-’ neglect to attend at the first ra ing this Att into execution and scribing the oaths prescribed in t

missioners shall at any time after the first meeting wilfully absent himself from any three successive meetings appointed to be holden by virtue of this Act, or having been absent from two successive meetings shall not attend during the whole of the third or next succeeding meeting,

(such meetings being known to him, either by his being present at the appointment thereof or by notice thereof in writing having been given to him or left at his last or usual place of abode by the clerk to the said commissioners); and such commissioner not having been prevented by sickness or other reasonable cause to be allowed by the other commissioner from continuing or attending at any such meeting or meetings, or if any commissioner to be nominated and appointed in manner by this Act directed shall not attend and qualify himself to act as a commissioner in the execution of the said recited Act and this Act at the first meeting of the commissioners af ter his nomination or appointment, or shall thereafter wilfully absent himself from three successive meetings to be holden by virtue of this Act, or having been absent from two successive meetings shall not attend the whole of the third next succeeding meeting, (such meetings being known to him in manner aforesaid, ana such commissioner not having been prevented by sickness or other reasonable cause to be allowedhy the other commissioner from attending er continuing at such meeting or meetings), then and in every such case such absence or non-attendance shall be deemed and taken to be a refusal* O to act within the intent and meaning of this Act.


Ml JUmdBmtmut qfths Qrwmk. ' fAstJH

VI. And be it further enotad, That tire arid Iwmbwmmp afadi and IIL «*• h y authorised and empowered to appoint & clerk to aaae itf) them in the execution of the said recited Act and this Act, and shell and

c*, may remove such clerk and appoint another in his room, as to then, shall

' seem meet; and in case of the death incapacity neglect or dedmhig to

IWerfbrCom- act of an such clerk, then and in any sen case the said commiasioneo mokamto shall and may appoint any other person they may think proper to be appoint Clerks, their deck.

Appointment of VII. And be it further enacted, That if any difference shall arise be* aa Umpire. tween the said commissioners touching or concerning any matter or thing to be dons by them by virtue or in the execution of the said recited Act 9 this Act whereupon the said commissioners shall differ in opmioa, then and in every such case such difference shall be forthwith referred to such fit and proper person (not interested in the sakl division, and inckunre) as the said commissioners shall by writing under their hands appoint an umpire between them, and which appointment they are hereby reqpised; N to make at their first meeting to be held under this Act; and the matter

upon which such difference snail arise shall be settled and determined by such person so to be appointed umpire, whose determination therein, shall be reduced into writing and shall be binding and conclusive upon all parties whomsoever (except as to such right of appeal as is given by the said recited Act or this Act); and for the purposes aforesaid such umpire shall have and is hereby vested with the same powess and authorities as by the said recited Act and this Act are given to or vested in the sail commissioners.

Umpire to VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no person

taka sa Oath* shall be capable of acting as umpire aa aforesaid until be shall have taken and subscribed an oath in the form or to the effect following; that is

I.

Surveyors bow to be appoint *

* ' T A. B. do swear for, being one of the people called (brnkd *, do so* A lemnly affirm], That I will faithfully impartially and honestly ao

* cording to the best of my skill and judgment execute and perform the

* several powers and authorities vestal and reposed in me as an Umpire

* by virtue of an Act passed in the fifty-eighth year of the reign of Kins 1 George the Third, intituled An •Act [here insert the Title of this Act], 1 according to equity and good conscience, and without favour or affection

* prejudice or partiality to any person or persons whomsoever.

'So help me GOD/

Which oath the said commissioners or either of them are and is hereby empowered to administer; and such oath and also the writing appointing suen umpire shall be annexed'to and inrolled with the final award of tire said commissioners.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty’s woods forests and land revenues as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, by writing under their hands and seals to nominate and appoint some fit and proper person and persons (not interested in the said division and inclosure) to be the surveyor or surveyors for viewing surveying and measuring the said Hayes of Birkland and Bilhagh and the other commonable lands and open uninclosed grounds within the said township of Edwmstowe by this Act to be divided allotted and inclosed; and such surveyor or surveyors is and are hereby accordingly authorised and directed as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act to view survey and measure the .Hayes of Birkland ana Bilhagh, and the commonable lands and open uninclosed grounds within the said township of Edwinstowe, and to describe and lay down the same by Way of map or plan, and thereon or in a book of reference to be annexed thereto shall be set forth the number of statute acres roods and perches of the said hayes and commonable lands and uninclosed grounds; and that when and so soon &9 the said surveyor or surveyors shall have finished and completed the said surrey map or man he or they shall by notice in writing under his or their hand or handa^apprize the said Commissioners thereof apdj appoint a time and place for meeting with them, of which ten days notice at least shall be

Ltmi Weoemte- qfftoeOmms

gwcn tft each of the said Commissioners; atwhich* meeting the said, : Nb.XfilV: stnrveyoror summon shall deliver to the said Commissioners present va acaueh meeting his or their survey’and plan and book of reference, and tSv, shall subscribe the same with his or their name or names in the presence' £• J of the said commissioners who shall attest the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That no person shall act as a surveyor; Surveyor's ill tile execution of any of the powers hereby given until he shall have 'Oath* -taken and subscribed the oath following; that is to say,

♦ T i. B. do swear [or, bring one of the people caUed Quaker *, do so *

4 x lemnly affirm]. That I will faithfully impartially and honestly to the)

best of my skill and judgment execute the several powers and authors ties vested and reposed in me as a Surveyor by virtue of an Act passed

« m the fifty-eighth year of the reign of King George the'Third, intituled*.

Ass Act [here insert the title of this Act], without favour or affection;

4 prejudice or partiality to any person or persons whomsoever *

'So help me GOD/

if

' Which oath it shall be lawftil for either of the said Commissioners t<r administer; and the said oath when so taken shall be written on parchment, . n

and subscribed by the said surveyor and duly attested by the said Cbm- . I

xnissioners under their hands, and shall be inrolled with the final award1 tube made by the said Commissioners;

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said1 For appointing surveyor or surveyors so to be appointed as aforesaid; or any succeeding* new Surveyors! surveyor to be appointed m manner hereinafter mentioned, shall die refuse' in case of neglect to act or become incapable of acting in the execution of the said1 Dcith, £c. recited Act and this Act, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for . t, the Commissioners for jthe time being of his Majesty's woods forests and *

land revenues, by any writing undertheir hands within one calendar month’ next after such death refusal neglect or incapacity as aforesaid shall be* made known to them, to nominate and appoint ¥>me other fit and proper person (not interested in the said division and inclosure) to be a Surveyor in the room or stead of any surveyor so dying refusing or neglecting to net or becoming incapable of acting in the execution of the said recited1 Act and this Act; and every surveyor so nominated and appointed shall after taking and subscribing the oatn prescribed in this behalf have the like powers and authorities, and shall be subject and liable to the like-rules regulations and restrictions as if he had been originally appointed a *

Sbrveyor by virtue of this Act. . - > '

XII. And be it further enacted, * That if the Commissioners for the time & Commissionbring of his Majesty's woods forests and land revenues shall make default Wood* in nominating and appointing any surveyor or surveyors so directed to &c* to be nominated and appointed by them as aforesaid within the time for' aPP?nt» Com‘, > that purpose limited and in manner aforesaid; then and in every such .

case it shall be lawful for the commissioners acting in the execution the *

of this Act, and they are hereby required from time to time, by writing ^i|||gL .

under their hands within one calendar month after the expiration of the;

time so allowed for nominating and appointing any new and succeeding i

surveyor or surveyors as aforesaid, to nominate and appoint a proper person {

(not interested in the said division and inclosure) to be a surveyor in the J

room or stead of any such surveyor so dying refusing or becoming in *

capable to act as aforesaid; and every surveyor so nominated and appointed shall after taking the oath prescribed in that behalf liave the* like powers and authorities and be subject to the like rules and restrictions as if he had been originally appointed a surveyor under and by virtue* of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the first meeting of the said' Meetings of commissioners for putting this Act in execution shall be held at the i Commistiooers. hbnse of Mary Hirst, the sign of The Royal Oak in Edwinstoioe, or at4

some other convenient plage in the township of Edwinstowe, within two’calendar months at the farthest next after the passing of this Act; and> Notice of Meet ? that the said commissioners shall cause notice in writing to be affixed lings to be upon each of the outer doors of the church of the parish of Edwinstovc; given,

SOS

KoKIAV.

58 Geo. IU. ' C. 100.

CFtetir.

Other Notice* -flow to be three.

Cfanuof light to be produced.

omubnonen •nay settle Migrates ss to Hfthtt ot In* teiests

Power to Costs relative fa disputed

CfrifftsaAd

Land Revenue of the Qroum.\

and also notice by advertisement to be inserted in the Nottingkdm u newspaper if then published, and if not then in some other newspaper or newspapers usually circulating in the said township of Edwmttowe or county of Nottingham, of the time and place of their first and every subsequent meeting (meetings by adjournment only excepted) for the execution of the powers of this Act vested in them, fourteen days at least before the time appointed for such respective meetings; ana in case only one of the said commissioners shall attend at the time and place appointed for any meeting, or to which any meeting shall be adjourned, it shall be l&wftil for.such commissioners so attending, and for the clerk of* the said commissioners, in case neither of the said commissioners shall attend, to adjourn such meeting, to be holden at any future day not exceeding .twentyrdne days from the day of adjournment, at the same or some other convenient place in the township of Edwimtowe, or within three.miles thereof; and the commissioner or clerk so malting suds' adjournment is hereby required to give timely notice thereof to the absent coihmisSioner or commissioners, and that the said commissioners stall have power to adjourn any meeting to be held by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act from time to time as they may think convenient.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all other public notices requisite or necessary to be given by the said commissioners shall be given by advertisement to be inserted in the said Nottingham Journal newspaper, if then published, and if not then in some other newspaper or newspapers usually circulating in the said township of Edwinttowe or county ot Aro£-tingham, and also affixed on the principal outer door of the parish church of Edwinstowe aforesaid.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all persons having or claiming any estate interest or rights in or upon the lands and grounds hereby directed to be divided allotted and inclosed shall by themselves or their agents deliver their respective claims in writing to the said commissioners at a meeting to be holden for that purpose m manner directed by the said recited Act of the forty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, of which meeting twenty-one days notice in writing under the hands of the said commissioners, expressing the purpose of such meetings shall be given in manner hereinbefore directed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any dispute or difference shall arise between any of the parties interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended division and indosure, touching or concerning the respective rights and interests which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in the samej or touching or concerning any other matter or thing relating to the said, division and indosure, ' it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners and they are hereby authorised and empowered to examine into hear and determine the same respectively: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorise the said commissioners to determine the title to any messuages lands tenements or other hereditaments whatsoever.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said commissioners shall upon the hearing and determination of any claim or claims objection or objections to be delivered to them in pursuance of this or the said recited Act see cause to award any costs, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the said commissioners and they are hereby empowered. Upon application made tp them for that purpose, to settle assess and award such costs and charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid either to the public account for or towards the expences occasioned in or relating to the a investigating settling and determining of such claim or claims if finally disallowed, or to the party or parties in whose favour any determination of the said commissioners shall .be made, by the person or persons or body or bodies politick corporate or collegiate, whose claim or claims objection or objections shall be thereby disallowed or overruled; and in case the person or persons or body or bodies politick corporate or collegiate, who shall be liable to pay such costs and charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the same on demand, then and in every case it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners and they are hereby

▼ ', ' K

* Class XII.] Land Revenue of the Grown.

authorised and required, by warrant under their hands directed to any person or persons whomsoever, to cause such costs and charges to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person or persons, or body or bodies politick corporate or collegiate, so neglecting or i . refusing to pay the same, rendering the overplus (if any) upon demand to

the person or persons or bodies politick corporate or collegiate, whose coods and chattels shall have been so distrained and sold, after deducting i 'the costs and charges attending such distress and sale,

i XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any person or persons

body or bodies politick corporate or collegiate, interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended division and allotments, shall be dis-satisfied with any determination of the said commissioners, touching or concerning any claim or claims of any right of common or other rights or interests whatsoever, in over or upon the said lands and grounds hereby directed to be divided allotted or inclosed or any part or parts thereof, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the person or persons, body or bodies politick corporate or collegiate so dissaUsfied to cause an

action to be brought upon a feigned issue, against the person or persons in whose favour such determination shall have been made, or against the said commissioners, if the subject of their determination shall be of such

a nature as will affect the persons in general interested in the said division and inclosure, within three calendar months next after such determination 1 or order of the said commissioners shall have been notified in writing to

the party or parties interested therein, and shall proceed to a trial or trials at law at the then next or at the following assizes to he holden for the said county of Nottingham; and the defendant or defendants in such 1 action or actions shall, and he she or they is and they are hereby required

1 to name an attorney or attornies, who shall appear thereto or file common

1 bail; and accept one or more issue or issues whereby such claim or claims

and the right or rights thereby insisted on, may be tried and determined; such issue or issues to be settled by the proper officer of the court in which the said action or actions shall be commenced, in case the parties differ about the same; and the verdict or verdicts which shall be given in such action or actions shall be binding final and conclusive upon all and every person and persons whomsoever, body and bodies politick corporate or collegiate, unless the court wherein such action or actions shall be brought shall set aside such verdict or verdicts and order a new trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the court to do as i9 usual in other cases; and after such verdict or verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the court, the said commissioners shall and they are hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the claim or claims thereby determined according to the event of such trial or trials; and all costs and charges payable by the said commissioners in such action or actions shall be paid and discharged out of the monies to be raised by them for the purposes of this Act.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the determination of the said commissioners, touching such claim or claims of any right of common or other rights or interests in over or upon the said lands and grounds hereby directed to be divided allotted and inclosed or any part thereof, shall in case such determination shall not be so objected to, or being objected to such action or actions at law shall not be brought and proceeded in within the time and manner herein for that purpose mentioned, be final and conclusive upon all and every person ana persons body and bodies politick corporate and collegiate.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if either of the parties in any action to-be brought or appeal had in pursuance of this Act shall die pending the same, such action or appeal snail not abate by reason thereof, out shall be proceeded in as if no such event had happened.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such difference dispute or proceeding, touching the title to any lands tenements or hereditaments, shall impede or delay the said commissioners in the execution of this Act i but the division or inclos'ure hereby directed to be made shall

Ndu XUV. 58 Greo; III,

Allowing Aw- ties to try their Rights by ai> Issue* at uv#» Determination of the Commissioners to be final.

Action not to abate by Death of Parties.

Trials not to suspend the Execution of the Act.

m

N0.3&V.

{^Qeo.111.

fr.joo.

EFtetH.

Iii case of the Doth of Parltd he c*ni*Ajm*ad

their Names.

Persona in Poe-nainn not to he molested without due Course of Lew *

Allowing the trial of Parochial Boundaries by an Issue at Law instead of an Appeal to the Quarter Sesaaj adjudge the Quantity . and* Value of

Jjmi Bmtmue of tk* Cnmmu

in notwithsteiriing any such differencesuit or [___

die said commissioners shall, by proper marks and bounds, act out the lands and grounds which shall be allotted in lieu of such litigated property, so that the same may be distinguished from any other lands and grounds, and may be had ana taken by the person orpenoos body or bodies politick corporate or collegiate who upon the determination of such difference shall be entitled to the same.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any mrws or persons in whose favour any such determination as aforesaid shall have been made, and against whom any action or actions might have bee* brought if living. Shall die before any such action or actions shall haar been brought, and before the expiration of the time herein-before limited for bringing such action or actions, it shall be lawful for the person or persons bodies politick corporate or collegiate, who might have hratraht such action or actions against the person or persons so dying, to bring the eame within-the time so limited as aforesaid against such person or pet-sons as if actually living, and to serve the clerk to the said comroissaonera With process for commencing such action or actions in the same manner as the party or parties so dying might have been served therewith if listing; and it shall thereupon be incumbent on the heir or heirs or. other person or persons who shall claim the benefit of such determinations as aforesaid, to appear and defend such action or actions in the name or names of the persons or persons so dead, and proceedings shall, be had therein in the same manner as if such person or persons had been actually living; and the lights of all parties dual be equally bound and.capdndcil by the event of such action or actions.

; XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothiijg in this 'Act contained shall extend to enable the said commissioners to determine any right between any parties contrary to the possession of aay such parties, excepting cases of encroachment; but in case the md enmaafo-sioners shall be of opinion against the right of the person or persons so in possession, they shall forbear to make any determination thereupon until the possession shall have been given up by or recovered from such perms pr persons by ejectment or other due course of law.

* XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons body or bodies politick corporate or collegiate shall consider himself herself or themselves prejudiced or aggrieved by the determination of the said commissioners respecting the limits or boundaries of the said township of Edpunslowe upon the said lands and grounds hereby directed to be divided allotted and inclosed, or of any parish manor township hamlet district or place adjoining thereto, as the same shall be set out and ascertained by the said commissioners pursuant to the said recited Act of the forty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, and shall by writing under his her or their hands or hand give notice to the said commissioners within three calendar months next after such determination of his her or their desire to have the same determined by an issue at law instead of an appeal to the quarter sessions under the provisions of the said last-rooted Act; then and in such case it shall be lawful for the person, or peraoas body or bodies politick corporate or collegiate so dis-satisfied with such determination, to have the same ascertained by trial of an issue.at law under the provisions of this Act, in such and the like manner aa incase of any disputed right or claim.

t X3CV. And be it further enacted, That for the purpose of adjusting the allotment* of land to be made to the several persons entitled to any right of common upon the sakl hayes or commonable lands and unindosed grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, the said Comoro* sioners shall and they are hereby authorized to adjudge and determine the quantity and value of til and every of the lands in virtue whereof such right of common is claimed and allowed, and to rate and estwnateJthe same as to them shall seem just and reasonable, according to the.awal vahie thereof, for the purposes of husbandry, without regard toaoy acti* AMot extraordinary value arising from local temperaryorother pooutiac

da«-XlI.] L*m& Mvmuevflte Crown. rtf

ndvofit&ges; and such their judgment arid determination shrill bobfridhte No and conclusive upon all parties whomsoever: Provided that nothing herein *o Q rm i tft» contained shall extend to authorise the said commissioners or any of them to consider any ancient messuage or building or sdte thereof, in 'c* respect whereof any right of common shall be allowed, at any more or '*f*~i mater value than any other ancient messuage or building or scitfe thereof; 'but the said commissioners shall rate and estimate all ancierit messuages and buildings and scites thereof at an equal value one with another and at such value as they shall think most expedient.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners shiA Commlmonefli and they are hereby required to set out such and so many -private roads to set out and ways as shall be necessary for giving to his Majesty his heirs success Roods to hh son and assigns, and to the Ccnnmissmners for the time being of his Majesty's AI-Majesty’s woods forests and land revenues and the deputy clerk and lotmonts. servants of such Commissioners, convenient access to the allotments of

his Majesty to be set out under the authority of this Act:

XXVII. And be' it further enacted, That the said commissioners shaft Power to turn and may turn or abate and stop up, or older to be turned or abated and and atop Romit, stopped up, any ancient carriage road or way roads or ways, except turn* on ghring Notice fdke mads or ancient footway or path footways or paths, in through upon and having the or ever any of the said hayes and commonable lands and open umnclosed Consent of Jus* grounds hereby directed to be divided allotted and inclosed, where they

-shall judge it requisite or expedient, giving such notice of a day to be appointed by them to receive objections, as m the said recited Act of the forty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty is directed or required in the case of setting out the roads and ways therein mentioned, and' observing the directions of the said recited Act as to the obtaining die concurrence and order of two justices of the peace previous thereto, and . subject to an appeal to the Quarter Sessions, as in the said recited Act is mentioned.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful < Commimkaett for the said commissioners, and they are hereby empowered to direct empowered to coder and award all streams of water springs and watercourses, within the' turn Water-lands and grounds hereby directed to to divided allotted and inclosed, to cemn wife be carried and conveyed in such courses and through such of the said

lands nod grounds so hereby intended to be divided Slotted and inclosed, . *"$"* as they In their discretion snail think necessary and proper for the pur- LBWa* poses aforesaid: Provided always, that no such streams of water springs or watercourses shall be diverted er turned without the consent in writing of the person or persons from and into whose lands the same shall be carried or conveyed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners shall,

and they are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after setting Repainaf out public reads and highways as by the said recited Act of the forty-first ‘Xoad* to be year of the reign of his present Majesty is directed, to set out and allot, tQ tub and for the surveyors of the highways of the said township of JErf- ^urr?TQ? irt or parts of the said commonable lands, th *

and

, so much and such part or parts tuunclesed' grounds to be divided allotted and inclosed, not j three acres, and in such places as the said commissioners shall think proper, for getting stone gravel or other materials for the repairs for private roads and highways within the said township; and any gnas and herbage arising therefrom shall be and the same are hereby verted in the said respective surveyors of the highways for the time being, who shall let the same and account respecting the rents and profits, m the same manner as they are by law liable to account for other monies coHeoled and received by them as surveyors as aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That when the survey of the said 'Allotments to lands and grounds by this Act intended to be divided allotted and in- his Majesty* dated shall have been made and delivered to the said commissioners for carrying this Act into execution, and the boundaries thereof shall have been duly settled, and when, pursuant to the powers herdn-before contained, the several pieces of ground for mads highways and places for getting materials for the repairs of the toads shall have been set odt

C. 100.

Land Revenue of the.&hm. [Part IL

iNo. XUV. the said commissioners shall, as soon as may be, proceed to value the whole of the said Hayes of Birkland and Bilhagh and other commonable

fio Meo. 111. lands' and open uninclosed grounds within the said township of £jbpui~ , nA stowe aforesaid; and when and so soon as such valuation shall have beet* 'made, the said commissioners shall set out and allot in severally unto the King’s most excellent Majesty his heirs and successors.*one fall 'moiety or half-part (quantity quality and value being considered) of tho lands and grounds comprised within the said Hayes of Birklamd and 'Bilhagh, the soil whereof is vested in his Majesty, for and as a coosidtsation tor such right of soil, and for all the rights and interests of his Majesty his heirs and successors in and to the said Hayes of Birkl?ad and Bilhagh; and the said commissioners shall in the next place set outr and allot in severalty unto the King's most excellent Majesty his heirs and successors so much and such part and parts of the other commonable lands and open uninclosed grounds within the said township of Edwinstowe, not comprised in the said hayes, as in the judgment of the said commissioners snail (quantity and quality and situation considered) be equal in value to one thirty-second part of the whole of the said commonable lands and open uninclosed grounds which shall remain after making such allotments as aforesaid, the said last-mentioned allotment to be set out as near the former as conveniently may be, and to be deemed and taken to be as a compensation and in satisfaction of his Majesty’s* rights of deer game and other forestal rights; and so soon as the sape shall he severed from the lands adjoining thereto, the allotments of one moiety or half-part of the said hayes and one thirty-second part of the 'other commonable lands and open uninclosed grounns shall become and remain the exclusive and absolute property of the King's most excellent Majesty his heirs and successors, freed exonerated and for ever discharged of and from all right of common of pasture common of estovers-and all other rights of what nature or kind soever, and of all and sin* gular the owners and occupiers of manors messuages* cottages .lands, tenements and hereditaments, who at the time of passing this Act were entitled to any such rights thereon, or of any other person or persons-whomsoever.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said commissioners shall have set out the allotments herein-before directed to be set out to his Majesty his heirs and successors, they shall prepare an award with a map or plan annexed thereto, and which awanl snail be prepared and executed within two years after the passing of this Act, and whereof there shall be three originals, one to be inrolled in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, another in the office of the Auditor of the Laud Revenue, there to remain on record, and shall afterwards be filed and preserved amongst the muniments of the office of the Commissioners of his Majesty's woods forests and land revenues for the time being; such . award or the inrolment thereof to be produced read and received in evidence on all occasions where any question doubt or controversy shall or, * may arise relating to or affecting the rights and interests of his Majesty

his heirs or successors, in respect of any allotment vested in the King's* most excellent Majesty his heirs and successors by virtue of this Act and the third of the said awards shall be deposited with the Clerk of the-Peace of the said county of Nottingham.

ABccmenta to . XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners shall Lords for Right assign set out and allot unto and for the lord or lords of the several d 8oil* nifcnors of Edwinstowe and Edwinstowe Rectory so much of the said commonable lands and open uninclosed grounds within die said township of Edwinstowe as in the judgment of the said commissioners shall be equal in.

- value (quality quantity and situation considered) to one eighteenth part

thereof; and such allotments shall be a full recompence and compensation for the right of such lord or lords in and for the soil of the said commonable lands and open uninclosed grounds, and shall be divided and apportioned between the said respective lords according to their

toward of hia Majesty’s Allotment* to be Swelled at the Exchequer at Westminster and the Office of the Auditor of 4b* Land Revenue.

‘torment of

respective rights and interests. XXXIII. And

And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners shall

.CfafeXlL] JLand Revenue of the Crowh. 1560

and they are hereby reenired, after making such allotments as are herein- $16. XLIV. .before mentioned, to divide set out and allot the other moiety or half xoYSeo IIL part of the said Hayes of Birkland and Bilhagh, and all the rest residue .

.and remainder of the said commonable lands and open uninclosed grounds c‘

within the said township of Edwinslawe, unto and amongst all and every the person and persons body, or bodies politick corporate or collegiate,

/entitled to the commonage.in over or upon the same, or any part or parts thereof. respectively, ? according to their several and respective estates rights and interests thereid/as'theythk said commissioners shall adjudge and deem to be a. fair and equal compensation and satisfaction for such their several and respective estates rights and other interests as aforesaid; due regard being had in settling, the quantum of each allotment to the .quality and situation of the land to be comprised therein.

r. XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all.timber trees wood and The Timber underwood growing standing and being on any allotments of that moiety growing on that or half-part of the said Hayes of Birkland and Bilhagh, hereby intended P»rt of the to be divided and allotted unto and amongst the several persons entitled Hayes to be to rights of common at the time when such division and allotment shall and

take place, shall become and be the property of the person or persons "*"•* JJ* •bodies politick corporate or collegiate, to whom such allotment or allot- come inents shall be made or set out, such person or persons bodies politick .corporate or collegiate paying the value of the same to the Com mis- Allrttw

aioners of his Majesty’s woods forests and land revenues; and incase mentl shall be the Commissioners of his Majesty’s woods forests and land revenues, and __ any person to whom such allotment shall be made, cannot agree on the xhe Value price or value to be paid for any timber trees wood or underwood growing to hit Majesty* and being on any such allotment, the value of such timber trees woods or such Value to underwoods shall be referred to settled and ascertained by two indifferent be settled by persons to be named as arbitrators, one of whom shall be chosen by the Agreement or Commissioners for the time being of his Majesty's woods forests and land Reference, revenues, and the other by the person or persons body politick corporate or collegiate disputing such value; and the said two persons so to be appointed as arbitrators shall, within three calendar months after being appointed *, .fix and ascertain the value in dispute, and their decision therein shall be binding and conclusive upon all parties concerned; or in case such arbitrators shall disagree as to the value of the said timber trees wood or underwood, then the value thereof shall be ascertained and determined by such other person as the said arbitrators shall nominate as an umpire, who shall fix and determine the same within three calendar months after being appointed for that purpose, and whose decision therein shall be final and conclusive upon all parties interested.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Timber not person shall neglect, for the space of three calendar, months after the paid for within value of any such timber shall be ascertained, to pay for the same, .or Three Months shall be unwilling to purchase the same, and shall within’the’ same space after the Vaiuaw of time after the setting out of any such allotment refuse to treat with the tion, shall am-said Commissioners of his Majesty’s woods forests and land revenues for tioue to be the the time being as to the value of any such timber trees wood or under- Property of hir wood, or to refer the amount of such value to arbitration in manner be- Majesty., fore mentioned, then and in every such case the timber trees wood and underwood standing growing and being on the allotment or allotments of the person or persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, shall continue to be and shall be the property of his Majesty his heirs or successors; and it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty his heirs and successors, and his and their agents servants and workmen, at any time within two years after any such allotment shall be set out to the person or persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, to cut down take and carry away all the.timber trees wood and underwood, standing growing and being thereon, and which were standing growing and being thereon at the time of’setting but such allotment or allotments; and the Commissioners of his Majesty’s woods, forests and land revenues are hereby authorised and empowered.to receive all such sums of money as shall be paid for. the value of any such timber trees wood and underwood, and to apply the same, in the.

IB JhmmL fUthmctf the\(

Nd. XLIV. firiiplare, mdmpwpmentanddiaringgea^i«>&

m Act as are berem*«fter directed ter be defrayed and borne by I '

UL mm) if omr himiUm m#>wjac oKall *(W nwMMn> nf ]

CtKXX

AlkttMOtlM

and if any surplus- monies shall remain after payment of alli and charges such surplus shall be paid into the Bank of Englam09 mud placed to the account directed by- an Act passed in the fiftieth year mf Mb present Majesty's reign, intituled An Act for writing the Officmvf Smrvejar General of the Land Revenues of the Cream, end Surveyor Gemmd #f Isa Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chates, to be raised in die Beats of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, intituled *

* account of the public monies of the Commissioners of his 1ft

* woods forests and land revenues, being the woods and forests and shall be applied and disposed of in such and the tike nm for such and the like purposes, as the other monies by such tkmed Act directed or authorised to be paid in carried over or the saare account are thereby authorised or directed to be disposed of.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That when and so Joan as I be ddacated hi commissioners shall have ascertained the respective rights of the^ riM>d interested in the said intended inclosure, and also the respective sksmleothfr anil proportions by them proposed to be allotted to such persons

lively in-lieu thereof, they toe said commissioners shall give ~ manner aforesaid of the day or days and place where all persons i may peruse a schedule of such intended allotments ana inspect the i or plan whereon the same shall be delineated, and may have and rec a oopy of such schedule as far as the same relates to each person res; lively; and aasome persons may upon perusal of the said schedule inspection of such map or plan be dis-satisfied with their " — allotments, the said commissioners shall give notice of one «r least to be held by them for hearing complaints and objections imjii such intended allotments, and for hearing and determining all such objections; and their determination in the premises, as' to quality andjilm tion, shall be binding final and conclusive to all parties.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all such fences or such part

or parts thereof as the arid commissioners shall direct shall for ever after foe making thereof be kept in repair by the person or persons who for tire time being shall be entitled to such allotment or allotments, and ail fAllotments of Residue to be fenced, and kept in Repair by Proprietors.

unsfnal Share of Boundary Fences *

ABotmemtto remain of the > Tenure *

in pursuance of this Act to be made for dividing or half part of the said Hayes of Birkhmd and.

Majesty; and the residue of the said commonable lands and open dosed grounds shall be made and at all times for ever thereafter icpaimi and maintained by and at the expence of the proprietors interested therein, in* such parts and proportions and within such time and in such manner as the said commissioners shall in and by their award direct ar appoint.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if, owfog to the situation or other circumstances of any allotment or allotments, it shall happen that the proprietors thereof shall not have a praportioaaMe share of boundary fencing thereto, it shall be lawful for the aait Gsanufo-swners, where they shall judge reasonable, to ascertain and determine the sum or sums of money to he contributed and paid by such proprietor or proprietors towards the expence of the boundary fencing of such cfoar or others of the said proprietors who may happen to have too great apre-portion thereof, in order that the expences of the boundary, fames may to brought as near as may be to a just and equal proportion, resent befog hud to the necessary subdivision fences within the respective afiotmentt; and the money to be so ascertained and applied shall be fared and recovered in foe same manner as penalties are directed to be levied and recovered by tire said recited Act of foe forty-first year of his Me* jarty's reign.

XXXIX. Prodded always, and be it enacted, That all and everr die allotments to he made in pursuance of tins Act for or in respect’or «ay freehold estates shall be deemed and taken to be held and eofoyadar

; nnd aklund ovary feeaUotoKrts tobeamde for arm

VjUOy LV

[.] of the* Greta*.

respect of aiwcopvholdnr customary estates toM of any manor or manors in which the lands and grounds to be inclosed by virtue of this Act respectively lie or are situate shall be deemed or taken to he as copyhold or customary estates, and shall be held of the respective lords thereof under the same rents and by the same costoms and services as the copy* holdar customary lands ana hereditaments for which they wese so allotted sure or ought to have been held, and shall pass by the like surrenders as the copyhold or customary lands and hereditaments in respect whereof such allotments shall he made now pass,

XL. Provided always, and be it further emoted, That if any of the per-eons interested in die said division and mdosuse shall sell, or shall at any time hereafter and before the execution of the final awaod of the said commissioners sell his her or their right interest or property in over and upon the said lands and mounds hereby directed to be divided allotted and inclosed, or any part thereof, to any other person or persons, then it shall be lawful for the said commissioners and they are hereby authorised and required to make an allotment of land unto the veddee or purchaser in such sale, or to his or her heirs or assigns, lor or in respect of such right interest and property sold; and every such vendee car puv* •chaser and bis and her heirs and assigns shall and may after the complex lion of such sale hold the land and ground so to be allotted to him her or them as aforesaid in the same manner pursuant to the terms of such sale to all intents and purposes as the vendor in every such sale might could or ought to have held and enjoyed the same in case such sale had nut been made.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners and they are hereby authorised and required to set out allot and award any lands tenements or hereditaments within the said township in which the said lands and grounds hereby directed to be divided ana allotted lie or are situate, or any part thereof, : in lieu of and in exchange for any other lands tenements and hereditaments whatsoever within the said township, or within any atytuning parish township or place, provided that all such exchanges be ascertained specified ana declared m the award of the said commissioners, and be made with the consent of the owner or owners proprietor or proprietors of the lands tenements or hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, whether •such owner or owners proprietor or proprietors shall be a body or bodies

Silitick corporate or collegiate, or a tenant or tenants in fee simple or. for e, or in fee qail general or special, or by the courtesy of EngUad^ or for years determinable on any life or lives (by and with the consent of the lessor or lessors thereof, and not otherwise), or with the oonsetttof the guardians trustees feoffees for charitable or other uses husbands committees or gttornies of or acting for such proprietors or owners as aforesaid) who at the time of making such exchange or exchanges shall be respectively infants femes covert lunatics or under other legal incapacity, or.who shall be beyond the seas or otherwise disabled to act for themselves himself or herself; such consent to be testified in writing under the common seal of the body politick corporate or collegiate, and under die hands of the other parties consenting respectively; and all and every such exchange or exchanges so to be mane shall be good valid and effectual in the law to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XLU. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no exchange shall be made of any lands tenements or hereditaments held in right of any church chapel or other ecclesiastical benefice without the consent testified as aforesaid of the patron thereof and of the bishop of the diocese or other ordinary of the ecclesiastical jurisdiction, in which such lands tenements or hereditaments so to be exchanged shall lie or be situate.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the costs charges and expences attending the making or completing of all exchanges and partitions, under the powers and authorities m this Act and the said recited Act of the forty-first yea* of the reign of his present Majesty, or either of them, shall be paid and borne by the several persons bodies polities*HaXLR. 5? Geo. IHh c.100.

Sale of Allotments before the Execution of the Award.

Commission era to allot Lands in exchance for others with Consent of Owners. '

Lands held in right of any Ecclesiastical Benefice not to be exchanged without the Consent of the Patron, &c.

Expences of Exchange how to be grid, .

m

mxLiv.

8 Geo. III. 100.

•land Revenue of the Crown. [Part IIporate or collegiate making such exchanges or partitions in such manner and in such proportions as the said commissioners shall order and direct, and to De recovered and recoverable in the same manner ms any other expences ordered to be paid by the said commissioners are recoverable.

For vacating XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all leases and agreements for Leases at Rack leases at rack rent now subsisting of or affecting all or any of the lands Bent. and grounds which shall be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act

within the said township of Edwimtowe shall cease ana be void at such time and times as the said commissioners by writing under their hands to be affixed on the principal doors of the parish church of Edwimtowe shall direct, the respective lessors or landlords making such satisfaction in money to - their lessees or tenants for the losses they shall sustain by the determination of their respective leases or agreements as the said respective parties shaft agree upon, or as the said commissioners, upon an application made to ihem in writing by either party, shall order and direct; and if the money so to be paid as aforesaid shall not be paid according to the directions of the said commissioners, within twenty-eight days after demand thereof in writing under the hand or hands of the person or persons to whom the same shall be payable, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners and they are hereby required to raise and levy the same for the use and benefit of the person or persons entitled thereto by such ways and means as penalties 8Te directed to be levied and recovered under and by virtue of the said Act of the forty-first year of his Majesty: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to set aside or make void any lease or leases from any bodies politick corporate or collegiate, or person or persons for any life or lives, or for twenty-one years, or for any longer term, for the granting of which a fine has been taken of any lands tenements or hereditaments in the said parish or township or either of them, to any person or persons whomsoever; but the person or persons entitled to such beneficial lease shall and may hold and enjoy his her or their several and respective terms therein, and under the same rents and covenants as is or are specified in his her or their respective leases from the said bodies politick corporate or collegiate, person or persons, to him her or them respectively.

Bight! of Com* . XLV: And be it further enacted, That immediately after all the allot-moo to ceaae. ments to be made in pursuance of this Act shall by order of the said commissioners be marked or staked out, all the several shares or allotments to be set out as aforesaid shall be and be deemed and taken to be in lieu and in full compensation satisfaction and discharge of all rights of common whatsoever, which the persons interested in the allotment or inclosure or any of them could or might have had or been entitled to in over and upon the said Hayes of Birklartd and Btlhagh and commonable lands and open uninclosed grounds hereby directed to be allotted and inclosed or any part or parts thereof respectively, and from that time alf right of common and ptlier rights whatsoever in or upon the said hayes and lands and grounds shall cease and be for ever annulled abolished and extinguished:Provided nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, at any time before the execution of the said award, by notice in writing under their hands to be affixed upon the principal outer doors of the parish church of Edwinstoue, to order and direct all or any part of the rights of common in or over the said hayes and other lands and grounds or any part or parts thereof to be extinguished or the exercise thereof to be suspended for and during such time or times as shall be expressed in such writing; and all such rights of common as the said commissioners shall by suen writing order and direct to be extinguished or exercise thereof to be suspended as aforesaid, shall from the time mentioned in such writing cease determine and be extinguished or the exercise thereof shall be suspended accordingly; any law usage or custom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

No Turf to be XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall

taken away af- after passing of this Act dig cut or take away any of the turf bushes ttx lb* punng of the Act.

Crass XJL] Land Revenue of the Oww,;

underwood soil gravel sand stone or dung, in upon or from any of the lands or grounds to be allotted and inclosed by virtue of this Act, for any* iise or purpose whatsoever, or under any right privilege or claim whatso->ever, without the licence of the said commissioner first had and obtained for that purpose, then and in every such case, on due proof made before; any justice of the peace for the said county on oath (which oath such jus-; ticc is hereby empowered to administer), it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice, and he is hereby required, by warrant under his hand and seal directed to any person or persons whomsoever to cause. any sum or sums of money not exceeding five pounds, to be levied by' distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person or persons so offending in the premises, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand to the person or persons whose goods and chattels shall be so distrained and sold, after deducting the costs and charges attending such distress and sale; and the money so to be levied as aforesaid shall be applied towards the payment of the costs charges and expences of executing this Act.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in order to render straight* and to shorten the boundary fences between the lands and grounds by this. Act directed to be divided allotted and inclosed in the said township of r JEdwuutowe and any parish township hamlet or place adjoining thereto, or to make the same boundary fences regular, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, with the consent iii writing under the hand or hands of the Lord or Lords of the manor or manors in which the land is situate, and of the owner or owners of the land upon which any fence or feuces shall or may be intended to be made, to set out the boundary or boundaries between the lands by this Act directed to be divided allotted and inclosed and any adjoining parish township hamlet or place, in such manner as they shall think proper for the purposes aforesaid, and after such boundary or boundaries shall be so set out as aforesaid the same; shall be fenced by such person or persons in such manner and at such time or times as the said commissioners in and by their said award shall order and direct; and the same shall for ever thereafter be deemed and taken to be the boundary or boundaries between the said township of Edwirutowe and such adjoining parish township hamlet or place; any law* custom or usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all intakes or encroachments made on the said lands and grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, and which have been made within the space of twenty years last past, shall be deemed and considered part and parcel of the lands and grounds to be allotted or inclosed by virtue of this Act, as if the same were actually lying open and uninclosea.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such encroachments as have been made and occupied without interruption for more than twenty years shall become the property of and are hereby vested in the persons who shall be the owners or proprietors thereof at the time of passing this Act; but such persons shall not, for or on account of any such encroachment, be entitled to any allotment for any right of common or other right in or over the said lands and grounds hereby directed to be allotted and inclosed.

L. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained sh^ll extend or be construed adjudged deemed or taken to revoke annul or make void any settlement deed will or lease whatsoever, or to prejudice any person or persons having any right or claim of dower jointure debt dharge or incumbrance in out of upon or over or affecting the said lands and grounds so to be divided allotted and inclosed or exchanged by virtue of the said recited Act of the forty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty or of this Act, or of any part or parcel thereof; but that the several allotments to be allotted or given in exchange upon such division or inclosure thereof to the several proprietors respectively, shall, immediately after such allotments or exchange shall be made and set out, be remain and enure and be held and enjoyed, and the several persons to whom the same shall be so allotted or exchanged as aforesaid shall from the signing

V;

The (saonen with the Consent of, the Owners,

may *t out

Boundary

Fence*.

Encroachments made within 20 Yean to be conndered Pert of the Ground to he indoeedL *

Occupation fat morf than 20 Yean to vest the Property In the Owner*.

Will* and Settlements not to bepffepted.

m Hand Revenue of the Grown. [ftrtll.

No. XUV. Sltiw. HI.

c. 100.

Bight to Tithes sot to be prejudiced, nor the Manner of Payment affected by *

HuMejefefs Rights in regard to Deer to remain until such Time as the Commisnonen shall appoint *

Ibelhm of Bdhagh and.

Buhhndr&ew

to bedisaf *

Rapmccteffh* Aet to be paid byhnNUjefy

Other Expences how to be paid *

the said award stand be sefeed and be possessed thereof respectively, ti> such and the same estates and with such and the same powers amt authorities for making leases thereof or otherwise, and subject to such mini the same wills limitations and conditions settlements trusts proviskntm remainders reversions debts charges and incumbrances (right of common and common of pasture or other rights as aforesaid, and such other exceptions and provisions as are herein made only exceptedV as the said several lands and hereditaments in respect or m lieu whereof or m right whereof such allotments were and are to be made to them respectively stood severally limited or subject and liable unto at the time of making such allwt-ments respectively, or signing the said award.

LI. Provided always, an<fbe it further enacted, ' That nothing in fhxm Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice lessen or defeat the right title or interest of the several rectors vicars and lay* impropriators for the time being of any parishes, or any other person or* persons whomsoever, in or to any tithes great or small, or any compositions moduses or other payments arising or renewing out of or payable for or in respect of any lands tenements or hereditaments within the said township of Edwirutowe; but that such great and small tithes composition* moduses or other payments shall be paid and payable at all times hereafter in such and the same manner as they would have been-in case this Act had not been made.

LII. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty’s rights of in and over the said lands and grounds hereby intended to be divided allotted sod inclosed shall remain and continue vested in his Majesty his heirs and successors; and that all the laws and statutes of this realm now in force for the protection of deer, and for punishing persons guilty of any offences in breach of such laws, shall remain and continue in force ana effect far the protection of his Majesty's deer within the regard of the said forest^ and for the punishment of offences therein, until the execution of the final award or the said commissioners or such time before the execution thereof as the said commissioners shall appoint; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provider? always, that in case any allotment or allotments of the said lands am? grounds so to be allotted divided and inclosed as aforesaid shall be actually inclosed and the fences thereof completed before the day which shall be named by the commissioners for disafforesting the said hayes am? other lands, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the owner of any allotment to hunt and kill any deer within such allotment, without* being subject to any pain penalty or punishment for so doing.

Lul. And be it further enacted, That after the execution of the sai? final award, or the said day to be named by the said commissioners as* aforesaid, all right of game of deer, and all other forestal rights and privileges whatsoever of the King's Majesty his heirs and successors, and his or their lessee or lessees, or of all other persotos whomsoever, within upon and over the said Hayes of Birkland anu Bilhagh and the said commonable and open and uninclosed lands, shall cease determine and be for ever-extinguished, and the same shall be disafforested to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the costs charges and expence* incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and of setting out the allotments by this Act directed to be made and set out: t* and for his Majesty his heirs and successors, and of making and inrolting the said first award, shall be paid and borne by his said Majesty, his heirs and successors, out of any money which is or shall be in the hands of the Commissioners of his Majesty's woods forests and land revenues.

* LV. And be it further enacted, That all other the costs charees amt expences of carrying this Act into execution, and of surveying dividing subdividing and allotting the lands and grounds by this Act directed to be* divided allotted and inclosed unto and amongst the several other owner* and proprietors of lauds having rights of common and other rights, shall be borne and defrayed by such lords of manors owners or proprietors respectively, in such shares and proportions at such time or timea.inanner

XOase XIL] ' La& Itevetme

aad places as te said commMMODcra, either before or after the execution of their said final award, shall order direct or appoint-by any rate or Tates tube made by the said commissioners for that purpose (save and except the King’s most excellent Majesty in respect of the allotments to be made to him his heirs and successors by virtue of this Act), and the de* termination of the said commissioners in the premises shall be final and conclusive; and in case any person or persons shall neglect to pay his her or their share or proportion of such costs charges and expences as afore-mid, within the tune and in manner appointed By die said commissioners, ten and in such case the said commissioners shall cause the same to be iteed levied and recovered in the manner prescribed and directed by the mid first-recited Act LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons whomsoever shall advance and pay any money towards the expences hereinbefore directed to be borne and defrayed by the lords of manors owners and proprietors of lands having rights of carrying this Act into execution, the money so advanced and paid snail be repaid and satisfied to him her or, them by the direction of the said commissioners, together with lawful interest for the same from the time of the advancement thereof.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, on application being made to them in writing by any of tainPenane up. the husbands guardians trustees committees or attornies of or for any of "W JX: the said proprietors or persons interested in the premises, being under their coverture minors idiots lunatics or beyond the seas, or under any other mcnt, % disability or incapacity, or by the persons acting as such guardians trustees committees or attornies respectively, or by any of the proprietors of the lands hereby divided and allotted or any part thereof, who are or shall be tenant or tenants in tail or for any life or lives or any other con- tingency, to mortgage or sell, either before or after the making of the said award, part of the allotment or allotments to be made by virtue of this Act, to such incapacitated proprietor or proprietors or other person or persons, by whom or on whose behalf any such application shall be made as aforesaid, for the purpose of raising a sum of money sufficient to defray the respective shares and proportions of the costs charges and expences of executing the said first recited Act and this Act, which shall be .,

charged upon and payable by such incapacitated proprietors or other person or persons respectively, and of fencing and inclosing and subdividing his her or their allotment or allotments, and of making and completing such mortgage or sale; and such mortgage or sale shall be made py the said commissioners in such and the like manner, and subject to such and the like rules and regulations, as are mentioned and prescribed in and by the said first-recited Act in respect to the sale of any lands authorised to be sold for piping the expences of obtaining and carrying into execution any Act for dividing allotting and inclosing any lands and grounds; and each and every allotment for which the full purchase money shall be paid shall be conveyed by the said commissioners, at the expence of such purchaser or purchasers, unto such purchaser or purchasers, and his her or their heirs respectively, or as he she or they shall appoint, and shall be inclosed and held by such purchaser or. purchasers respectively in severalty; and the receipt of the said commissioners shall be a good and suf- ,

ficient discharge to such purchaser or purchasers for the said purchase money, which shall be applied by the said commissioners in or towards the defraying such last-mentioned costs charges and expences; and if any surplus snail remain in the hands of the said commissioners the same shall be applied and disposed of by them in the manner directed by the said first-recited Act with respect to money which is thereby directed to be paid into the Bank of England for the purchase or exchange of any lands tenements or hereditaments to be settled to the same uses, or of any timber or wood growing thereon, and which ought to be laid out in the purchase of other lands tenements and hereditaments as therein mentioned:Provided always, that it shall not be lawful to raise by such mortgage or sale any greater or further sum of money than the person or persons, part of whose allotment or allotments shall be mortgaged or sokJ ^T

No. XUV.

58 Geo. IHi c. 100.

Monty acf-vtnced to-be repaid with I# tereflb

Power.firte

* 9$

No. XLIV.

06 Geo. III. c. ioa

Commissioners *

Allowance.

Actooato to be qppminedand balanced by Two Justices annually, and no Items in the Account shall, bfe landing units! allowed by

them *


Final Award to be made within Three Years.

Attested Copy of final Award and Plan of Allotments to be left with the Commissioners of Woods, and also with the Auditor of l*nd Revenue.

Parties aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter SesI&nd Beoenue of the Grown. [Art IF.

aforesaid, would have been empowered or authorised to borrow or charge upon his her or their allotment or allotments, reckoning five pounds for each and every acre thereof, under or by virtue of the said first recited Act: Provided also, that in all cases where any lands shall be sold for payment of expences as aforesaid, it shall not belawful for the proprietor or person whose lands shall be so sold to charge the residue of nis or her allotment, by virtue of the said first recited Act or this Act, with any money towards payment of such expences.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners hereby appointed and every commissioner to be hereafter appointed by virtue of this Act shall be allowed the sum of three pounds and three shillings and no more, for his trouble and expences for each day he shall necessarily travel or attend in the execution of the powers of this Act.

UX. And be it further enacted, That once at least in each and every year during the execution of this Act, such year to be computed from the day of the passing thereof, the said commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make a true and just statement or account of any sums of money by them or any of them received and expended or due to them for their own trouble and expences in the execution of this Act; and such statement or account when so made, together with the vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them, if required, laid before two or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace for toe said county of Nottingham {not interested in the said intended division and inclosure), to be by them examined and balanced (such justices being hereby authorised to take or call in such aid and assistance in such examination as they shall think fit, and to charge the incidental expences), and the balance shall be by such justices stated in the books of account to be kept in the office of the clerk of the said commissioners; and no charge or item in such accounts shall be binding on the parties concerned or valid in the law, unless allowed by two justices of the peace as aforesaid.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the final award of the said commissioners shall be made and executed within three years next after the passing of this Act; and when the ’same shall lie enrolled in manner directed by the said recited Act, it shall be deposited and left in the parish church of Edwimtowe aforesaid.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners shall, if required by the Commissioners of his Majesty's woods forests and land revenues for the time being, make a copy attested under their hands of their award, and also a map or plan of all the allotments, and transmit the same to the said Commissioners of hii Majesty’s woods forests and land revenues for the time being, within two calendar months next after the making and executing the said award, to be by them filed and kept amongst the muniments of their office, and also an authenticated duplicate thereof to the auditor of the land revenue, such respective map and duplicate to be produced read and received in evidence on all occasions where any question doubt or controversy may arise relating to or affecting the rights or interests of his Majesty his heirs or successors in respect of such allotment or allotments rights or interests; such attested copy duplicate and plan to be made at the expence of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s woods forests and land revenues.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall think himself herself or themselves aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of this or the said recited Act (other than ana except such orders and determinations as are by the said recited Act made in the forty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty or by this Act directed to be made final ana conclusive, and save and except in such cases wherein an issue at law shall be tried &9 herein before directed), then and in every such case he she or they may appeal to the general quarter sessions of the peace'which shall be held in and for the county of Nottingham within three calendar months after such cause of complaint shall nave arisen, on giving to the said commissioners twenty-one days previous norice of such appeal and of the matter thereof; and the justices of the said quarter sessions are hereby required to hear ipl^eterinine the matters

Class XII.] Land Revenue iff the Crown. 577

•f every such complaint, and make such order therein and to award such No, XUV. costs as to them shall appear reasonable, and by their warrant to levy *q ttj the costs itfhich shall be so awarded by distress ana sale of the goods ana -, *

chattels of the party or parties liable to pay the same, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner or owners after deducting the reasonable ^charges; which determination of the said justices shall be final and conclusive to all parties concerned, and shall not be removed by certiorari or any writ or writs whatsoever into any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Westmijutcr or elsewhere.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Comndadoaen and for the commissioners for carrying this Act into execution and their empowered to agents servants and workmen, at any time within eighteen calendar the Timber months after the allotments of the commonable lands and uninclosed

grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed shall be set out, to enter into and upon all or any of such allotments except the allotments mrfBIirk* of the said Hayes of Birkland and Bilhagh, and to cut down take and jgwJatt<< carry away sell and dispose of all the timber trees wood and underwood to" standing growing and being thereon, and which were -standing growing , 75 p*p_ and being thereon at the time of setting out such allotments; and the duce according said commissioners are hereby authorised and empowered to receive all to the Dime-such sums of money as shall arise by the sale of any such timber trees tiona of tho wood and underwood, or as shall be paid for the value thereof, and to Act of apportion the same between the respective lords of the said manors ao- 41 Gc3« c, 133* cording to their several rights and interests therein, and to apply their respective proportions thereof in or towards defraying their respective parts or shares of the costs and expences of passing this Act, and of carrying the same into execution; and to pay the surplus thereof, if any, to such lords of the said manors according to such their rights and interest therein, if they shall be respectively seised in fee simple of the manors in respect whereof they shall be entitled to the same; but the part or share parts or shares of such surplus monies to which any lord or lords of such manors, who shall not be tenant or tenants in fee simple of or in such manors, may be entitled, shall be applied and disposed of in the same manner as any money to be paid for the purchase or exchange of lands tenements or hereditaments or of any timber or wood growing thereon, and which ought to be laid out in the purchase of other lands tenements or hereditaments to be settled to the same uses, is by the said recited Act of the forty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty directed to be applied and disposed of.

LXIV. Saving always to the King’s most excellent Majesty his heirs General Saving, and successors, and to all bodies politick corporate or collegiate and their successors, and to all and every person and persons whomsoever, his and their heirs executors administrators and assigns, all such estate right ’title interest claim and demand whatsoever (other than such as is and are hereby expressed meant and intended to be barred destroyed or extinguished) as they every or any of them had or enjoyed in to or out of the said lands and grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as they or any of them now have or hath or could have had and enjoyed therein, in case this Act had not been made.

[No. XLV.] 59 Geo. III. c. 68.—An Act for exonerating the Manor of Dawlish, in the County of Devon, from the Claims of the Crown against the Estate of John Inglett Fortescue, Esquire. — [2d July 1819.]

WHEREAS John Inglett Fortetcue of Buckland Filleigh in the county of 59 Geo. IIL Devon, Esquire, nas executed the office of receiver general of the c.68. land and assessed taxes and also of the property tax for the said county of Devon for nearly sixteen years last past, and has duly passed his accounts and obtained his quietus and the cancellation of his bonds as such receiver general down to the year ending the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and sixteen inclusively; and the said Johft63higl2tr{

Vo. XLrV. »-G«o. III. in SB .

jLomdMesmue sftke Cnmok.

[fart It.

liBHkc.4.

Fortescue, together widi his approved sureties, are jointly end severally bound to his Majesty by bonds of record in the Court of Exchequer for the due execution of his office of receiver general of the land and aaeceaei taxes for the said county of Devon for the years one thousand eight bun* dred and sixteen, one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and one thousand eight hundred and eighteen respectively: And whereas the i John Inglett Forte*te being entitled to the inheritance in foe sin and in the manor of Dawush in the said county of Devon, and messuages lands and other hereditaments situate lying and being within or adjoining the said manor, lately belonging to the cathedral church of Saint Peter in Exeter, the said John Inglett Fortescue did by articles of agreement bearing date the twenty-ninth day of October one thousand eight hundred and six, agree to sell the inheritance in fee simple «f the-said, manor and hereditaments unto John Brickdaleol Nowerr in toe county of Somerset, Esquire, and Richard Bales of the city of Exeter, gentleman, for the sum of sixty-eight thousand pounds payable by instalments with interest at the times and in manner therein mentioned, part of which purchase money still remains due and- owing by virtue of the said con* tract: And whereas under the provisions of an Act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act to moke the Lands Tenements Goods and Chattels of Tellers Receivers, etcetera, liable

to the payment of their Debts; and under the provisions of an Act passed ''fc'fc-3* o« 35* in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more easy and effectual Sale of Lands Tenements and Hereditaments of Crown Debtors or of their Sureties; all the lands tenements and hereditaments of which the said John Inglett Fortescue was seised on the day on which he became an officer or accountant to the Crown, or has been seised at any time since, are and, during such time as he shall continue such officer or accountant, and until his ultimate balance shall be paid into the Exchequer and a quietus obtained for the same, will be liable to he put in execution and sold for the payment of his arrears in the collection and receipt of the said taxes and duties, and in consequence thereof the said John Inelett Fortescue is unable to make a good tide to the purchasers of the said premises comprised in the said recited contract of the twenty-ninth day of October one thousand eight hundred and six, and such respective purchasers are put to great inconvenience in not having a marketable title to their respective estates; and inasmuch as the said John Inglett Fortescue hath duly paid up all his.balances and passed his accounts as such receiver general as aforesaid, down to the year ending the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and sixteen inclusively; and inasmuch as the payment of ml monies due and to become due from him in respect of the said land tax and assessed taxes will be sufficiently and effectually secured by the other property of the said John Inglett Fortescue liable thereto by virtue of his bond and also by the bonds* of his sureties, notwithstanding a release of the claims of the Crown against the estates comprised in the said recited contract; and inasmuch as the said John Inglett Fortescue*s sureties are satisfied that the other property of the said John Inglett Fortescue forms an ample protection to them from any claim that may be made against them under their bands* and are therefore willing to consent that the said manor and estates of Dawlixh should be exonerated from such claims of the Crown as aforesaid; to the end therefore that a good title may he made to the said estates to the respective purchasers thereof notwithstanding such claims, may it please your most excellent Majesty (at the humble petition of the saiu John Inglett Fortescue), that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act the said manor of Damlisk with the appurtenances and the several messuages lands and other hereditament* of him the said John Inglett Fortescue, situate lying and being within or adjoining the said manor, and so contracted to be sold by the

Tfa Manor Of Pawfish, exonerated from the Claims of the Crown against

Estate of John Inglett Ftoteacu *

Class XII.] Land Revenue of Crown.

said John Ingktt Fortosate as aforesaid, shall not m anywise be? liable for tise answering and payment of the arrears and debts, which: have become due or which may accrue or shall become due to hia Majesty his heirs •r successors, by or from him the said John Ingktt Fortescue on or m respect to any of the said offices so held by the said John Ingktt For-fescue as aforesaid, or any matter cause or thing in' anywise- relating thereto; and that the same manor and other hereditaments shall from and after the passing of this Act be held and enjoyed by the purchasers thereof and all persons claiming or to claim by from or under them, acquitted and absolutely discharged of and from the said arrears and debts, and of and from all bonds and obligations to his Majesty made or to be made by the said John Ingktt Fortescue during such time as he shall be or remain an accountant to his Majesty bh being or successors, and all actions suits claims and demands whatsoever of his said Majesty his heirs or successors, which his Majesty his heirs* or successors might have or be entitled unto if this Act had not been made, on account or in respect of the same or any of them, and of and* from all right tide interest property claim’ and demand whatsoever of his said Majesty his heirs or successors, unto from out of or upon the same manor Mid- other hereditaments or any part thereof; any thing in the said Adt of Parliament passed in the reign of her said Majesty Queen Elizabeth, or in any other Act of Parliament relating to accountants to the Crownj to the contrary notwithstanding.

[No. XLVI.] 5ft Geo. III. c. 86.—An Act for regulating the Exercise of the Right of Common of Pasture in the New Forest, in the County of Southampton; for repeating certain Parts of Two Acts passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth and the Fifty-second* Years of his present Majesty; and for the better Collection and Recovery or the Gale Rents in the Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester.—\jth July 1819.]

WHEREAS considerable inconvenience and injury is sustained, and 59 Geo. Iff* T much damage done to the young umber and to pie herbage in the c.86. New Forest in the county of Southampton, by persons not having rights of common in the said forest turning horses cattle and other beasts to depasture in the said forest, and by other persons having rights of common on the said forest suffering their horses cattle and other beasts to remain thereon during the winter season or hayning*time, contrary to law; and it is expedient that additional remedies should be provided to prevent such damage and injury:And whereas an Act was passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled An Act for 39 St 40 Gi 51 the better Preservation of Timber in the New Forest in the County of South- c. 86. ampton, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest and of the Lands of the Crown within the same: And whereas an Act was passed in the fifty-second year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An Act for enabling 52 G, 3. c, 161# his Majesty to grant Leases under certain Circumstances, and for the better carrying into Effect the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and 1

Fortieth Year of his present Majesty, touching the Formation of a Map of the New Forest in the County of Southampton, and continuing and extending other Provisions of the said Act; for further appropriating the Monies arisen or to arise from the Sale of certain Croum Lands under the Authority of divert Acts of Parliament; and for annexing certain Lands within the Forest of Rockingham to his Majesty's Manor of King's Clifffe; end for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to- appropriate small Portions of Land for Ecclesiastical Purposes: And whereas it is expedient to repeal so much of the said Acts as subjects the regardere under foresters under keepers or other office) s of the said forests to forfeiture and deprivation of their offices for the offences in the said Acts mention^dft x And whereas it ia necessary to provide for the better collection apd aw *

500

No. XLVL Geo. III.

C. 86.

(Mktnofthi Mew Forest empowered to •rise Cattle

Penalties for turning out

pasture, via.

Land Revenue of Crown. [Part II.

very of the annual compositions usually called Gale Bents or Gawle Rents, now due and in arrear, or which may hereafter become due to his Majesty, in his Majesty's Forest of Dean in the County of GUmccUer: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Kina's roost Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing; of this Act it shall and may be lawful for say regarder groom-keeper forester under forester, or other officer of the New Forest in the county of Southampton, to seize any horse mare or gelding or any other cattle or beast belonging to any person or persons not having or being entitled to rights of common of pasture on the said forest, found depasturing thereon at any time of the year; and abo to Cake and seize any horse mare or gelding or any other cattle or beast belonging to any person or persons having ana being entitled to right of common of pasture on the said forest, which shall be found depasturing therein during the winter season or hayning-time; (that is to say), between the twenty-third day of November and the fourth day of May yearly, every -such horse mare or gelding or other beast so seized to impound in New Park or such other place within the said forest as the verderors thereof or any two of them shall from time to time appoint, and every such hone mare gelding or other beast to keep impounded until redeemed by the owner or owners thereof, on payment of the penalties herein-after imposed, and of the expences (if any) incurred in the keep of the said horse mare gelding or other beast.

II. And be it further enacted, That the owner or owners of every horse mare gelding or other beast so seized and impounded shall forfeit and pay the several penalties following; (that is to say).

Every person not having or being entitled to right ut common of pasture on the said forest, who shall be convicted before the verderors of the said luring Right of forest, or any two of them, or in the Court of Attachments o! the said Common to forest, of turning out or suffering to depasture in the said forest at any fcrfeitlO1. |ime in the year any horse mare gelding or other beast of which such

ml cj person shall be the owner, the sum of ten shillings for each horse mare Bemt, and 6a. gelding or other beast so turned out or found depasturing, and the sum of sixpence for each day such horse mare gelding or other beast shall be unredeemed by such person after the same shall be seized and impounded; and if such person shall be convicted a second time of turning out or suffering to depasture in the said forest, at any time of the year, the same or any other horse mare gelding or other beast of which such person shall he the owner, the sum of twenty shillings for each horse mare or gelding, or other beast so turned out or suffered to depasture, and the sum of sixpence for each day such horse mare gelding or other beast shall be unredeemed by such person after the same snail be seized and impounded; For Third Of- and if such person shall be convicted a third time or any subsequent time fence 30s., and of a like offence, such person shall forfeit and pay for each horse mare 64. per day. gelding or other beast so turned out or found depasturing the sum of thirty shillings, and the further sum of sixpence for each day the same shall be unredeemed:

Ptenem having And every person having or being entitled to right of common of pas-JUght of Com- ture in the said forest, who shall be convicted before the verderors of the

non turning said forest, or any two of them ', or in the Court of Attachments of the said

out Beasts in forest, of turning out or suffering to depasture in the said forest, during

the Winter the winter season or hayning-time herein-before specified, any horse mare

Season to for- gelding or other beast of which such person snail be the owner, the fat 7#. for etch sum of seven shillings for each horse mare gelding or other beast so Besst, and 6d. 1 ^, out or found depasturing in the said forest, and the sum of sixpence per day. for each day such horse mare gelding or other-beast shall be unredeemed

For Second by such person, after the same shall be seized and impounded; and if such Offence Mt., person shall be convicted a second time of turning out or suffering to and Gd. per day. depasture in the said forest during the winter season or hayning-time, the lame or any other horse mare gelding or beast of which such last-mentioned person shall be' the owner, the sum of fourteen shillings lor cadi

* erday.

For Second Offence 20*., and 64. per day,

Class XII.] Land Revenue of the . 581

horse mare or gelding or other beast so turned out or found depasturing, No. XLVI. and the sum of sixpence for each day such horse mare or gelding or other RQ c -:beast shall be unredeemed after being seized and impounded; and if such person shall be convicted a third time, or any subsequent time, of a like cr offence, such person shall forfeit and pay for each horse mare gelding or other beast so turned out or found depasturing during the winter season For Third Of-or hayning-time, the sum of twenty-one shillings, and the further sum of fence 21*., and sixpence for each day the same shall be unredeemed after being seized and 6id. per day. impounded.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the said penalties herein-before Penalties how imposed shall and maybe recovered before the verderors of the said to he recovered, forest or any two of them, or in the Court of Attachments of the said forest; and in case any penalty or penalties so recovered shall not be paid forthwith, it shall be lawful for the verderors of the said court before whom such penalty shall be recovered, or any two of the verderors, by warrant under their hands and seals, and directed to the officer or officers appointed or to be appointed to execute the judgments and orders of the said court for the said forest, to cause the horse mare gelding or other beast in* respect of which such penalty or penalties shall be recovered, to be publicly sold, and the amount of such penalty or penalties recovered *

together with the costs of sale to be retained and paid out of the proceeds of such sale, returning die overplus (if any) to the owner of the horse inare gelding or other beast so sold; and in case the sum or sums of money obtained from the sale of any horse mare gelding or other beast shall not be sufficient to satisfy the amount of the penalty or penalties. recovered against the owner or owners thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the verderors of the said forest or any two of them, by warrant under their hands and seals directed as aforesaid, to cause the remainder of such penalty or penalties to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, together with all costs and charges attending such aistress and sale, returning the overplus (if any) on demand to the owner of such goods and chattels.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted. That if the owner of any Owners of

horse mare gelding or other beast so impounded as aforesaid shall forth* Beasts, on pay* with on conviction pay the penalties aforesaid in respect of the same, ing the Penalty, together with the costs (if any) of the keep thereof, then and immediately Ac. c. may hare on such payment such horse mare gelding or other beast so impounded ^eir Beasts re shall be restored to the owner or owners thereof. turned to them.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the said penalties herein-before Application of imposed shall when recovered be by the verderors or other person or Penalties, persons receiving the same forthwith paid over to the under steward of

the said forest, to be applied in defraying the expences attending the execution of any laws relating to the said forest, as the verderors of the said forest or’any two or more of them shall at a Court of Attachments of the said forest direct: Provided always, and it is hereby declared, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed deemed or taken to extend to repeal or annul any of the laws now existing in regard to the exercise of the right of common of pasture or any other rights of common in or upon the said forest; but that all such laws shall remain and continue in full force and effect, and shall and may be carried into execution in such and the like manner as if this Act had never been passed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Acts Repealing cuefi of the thirty-ninth and fortieth and fifty-second years of his Majesty’s Partof39 & 40 reign as subjects certain officers therein mentioned to forfeiture and de- c* privation of their offices for the ofTences in the said Acts mentioned shall 52

oe and the same is and arc hereby repealed and made void: Provided !* ^q!?4 ce5~ always, and it is hereby declared, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed deemed or taken to extend to repeal or annul so Deprival*, on of much of the said Acts, or either of them, as enacts that it shall be lawful office: for the verderors of the said forest or any two of them to inquire into the gut Verderors conduct and behaviour of the regarders under foresters groom-keepers may fine Regarded, Under Foresters, Ac. c. for Misconduct, not exceeding 107.

Kill Lm& Revenue 4he Crown. [But ft. '

Ho. XLVI. or other officers of the said forest in the said offices, and (hat if (he ail Wr verderors shall find that any of the said regarders under foresters

—W sJ«vO* XXX. Ar nfhor nffiror* hatro Kaon mulftr /ad* on* nf .nffm w

c. 6.

Principal Ga-veller of Dean Forest may reRents, due to his Majesty.

keepers or other officers have been guilty of any of the offences in the said Acts mentioned, that then and in such case it shall be lawful for the said verderors or any two of them (having due proof ifiade before them on oath of any such wilful act neglect omission or default in foe said Acts mentioned) to set and impose a fine not exceeding the sum of ten pounds on such regarder under forester groom-keeper or other officer for every such his wilful act neglect omission or default, to be received and applied as therein mentioned, but that all such powers shall remain and continue in full force and effect and shall and may be carried torn execution in such and the like manner as if this Act had never bees passed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the person who now does or who shall be appointed to and hold the office of gaveller or keeper of the Oawle, cahedT The Gawk above ike Wood

* within the Forestof Dean in the county of Gloucester, and foe office of

Rents or Gawle keeper of the Gaufte wider the Wood within the said forest for the time being, from and after the passing of this Act to recover and levy any* sum or sums of money now due and owing or which shall hereafter become due and payable to his Majesty from any person or persons for end in respect of the annual compositions usually called Gale Kents or Gawle Rents payable within foe said forest, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of foe person or persons from whom such compositions axe or shall be due and owing wheresoever foe same shall be found, together with the costs and chaises of such distress and sale as in the nature of a distress for rent; and m case foe goods and chattels distrained shall be replevied by the owner or owners thereof, and a suit or action m replevin shall be brought and prosecuted or commenced against foe said gaveller or the person or persons making such distress, it snail and may be iairfof for the person holding foe said office of gaveller to plead to the said action or to avow the taking the said goods and chattels, and for foe person or persons making such distress to make cognizance as foe bailiff of the said gaveller for foe time being for the making foe said distress, alleging in such avowiy or cognizance that the said distress whereof [foe plaintiff or plaintiffs complained was made by authority of and according to the purport of this Act for so much Gale Rent or Gawle'Rent due from the plaintiff to foe said gaveller as gaveller of the Forest of Dean, without expressing or rehearsal of any other matter; to which avowiy or cognizance the plaintiff shall be admitted to plead that the defendant did take the said distress of his own wrong without any such cause alleged by foe defendant; whereupon the issue in such action ahdt be joined, and upon the trial of that issue the whole matter to be given by both parties in evidence according to the very truth of the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful far foe principal gaveller for foe time being of the said Forest of Dean to sue for and recover any arrears or sums now due or at any time hereafter to

The Gaveller may. recover the Gale Beat

u brought in the name of the principal gaveller for

foe time being-of the said Forest of Dean; and in all such actions it shall be sufficient for the plaintiff to declare that foe defendant or defendants is or are indebted to turn foe said plaintiff as principal gaveller of foe Forest of Dean, for so much money due and owing as gale Tent or gawle rent from the defendant or defendants to the plaintiff as such principal gaveller, without setting forth any other special matter; and no such action or suit shall abate or be discontinued by the death or removal of foe person in whose name foe same shall be so brought or commenced.

Ibe GUrdkr *x- Provided always, and be it further enacted, That aH sum anff the sums of money to be recovered by foe person being principal gavcHer

sfooey for thi Use of his Majesty, and to account for and apply the same as he is now bound to do *

Compositions o£ Amass thsaooff

Class XII.] Land Secnme«/ the CWnon. MS

the Mid Forest of Ifcan, either by dhtras or actioa under the authority of No. XLVI. this Act for any such compositions as aforesaid, shall be recovered for the gg aae of his Majesty, and shall be accounted for and applied by the said -

gaselier as he is now bound by law to account for and apply all gale t _ _ A sent or gawle money received by him. LJ~*. u *

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein Nottoprertnr

contained shall extend or be construed to prevent his Majesty his heirs b3f.

or successors from proceeding by information in his Court of Exchequer, jnfonnstioo,

-or any other court, for foe recovering of any such compositions as wore- for rt*av*ntM said or any arrears thereof in any cases in which it shall be thought expedient so to do.

XI. And be it farther enacted. That if any action or suit shall be Lhaksdon of brought or commenced against any person or persons for any tiling by Action *, him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, either in foe New Forest or the said Forest of Item, such action or suit shall be commenced within three calendar months next after foe matter or thing done, and shall be laid in foe proper county; and the defendant or defendants m such action may plead the general issue and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon a trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become non-suited or discontinue his her or their action or prosecution, or judgment shall be given against him her or them upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

[No. XLVII.] 59 Geo. III. c. 94.—An Act to explain and amend Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth and Forty-seventh Years of his present Majesty, concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of his Majesty his Heirs and Successors. — [12*fc July 1819.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the 30 & 40 G.IXfc reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act concerning the Disposi- c. 88.

turn of certain Real and Personal Property of his Majesty f his Heirs and Successors, and also of the Real and Personal Property of her Majesty, and the Queen Consort for the Time being: And whereas an Act passed in the 47 G. 3. c. 24J forty-seventh year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled An Act far explaining mid amending an Act passed in the Thirty^ninth and Fortieth Year of Ms present Majesty, concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Per* mmol Property of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and also of the Real and Personal Property of her Majesty, and of the Queen Consort for the Time being' And whereas it was in foe said last-recited Act enacted, that mall cases in which his Majesty his heirs and successors had or should in right of his Crown, or of his Duchy of Lancaster, become entitled to any freehold or oopyliold manors messuages lands tenements or hercdka- '

snoots, either by escheat for want of heirs, or by reason of any forfeiture, or by reason that the same had been purchased by or for foe use of or m trust for any alien or aliens, it should be lawful for his Majesty has heirs and successors, by warrant under his or their sign manual, or under the seal of the Duchy or county palatine of Lancaster, according to the nature of the title to such manors messuages lands tenements or hereditaments .

respectively, to direct foe execution of any trusts or purposes to which the same might have been directed Id be applied, and to make grants of each manors messuages lands tenements or hereditaments, or of any rents or profits then due and in arrear to his Majesty in respect thereof respectively, to any trustee or trustees or otherwise, for the execution of any such trusts or purposes, or to any person or persons for the purpose of

watering the same to any of the family of the person or j crtMei the same have been, or of carry mg into effect any intended giant

or devise of any such person or persons in

i refcftien thereto, or

584 Land Revenue of the Crown. [Part II.

of re warding any person or persons making discovery of any such escheat, of his Majesty’s right and title thereto, as to his Majesty his heirs or

or

His Majesty may direct the

successors respectively should seem fit: And whereas doubts have arisen in certain cases of grants by his Majesty under the said recited Acts; and it is expedient that those doubts should be removed*: And whereas it is expedient that the provision of the said recited Act should be enlarged and extended, for the purpose of enabling his Majesty to make grants s» certain other cases: Be it therefore enacted by the King*s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in all cases in which his Majesty his heirs - or successors hath or shall, in right of his Crown or of his Duchy of LanExecutwo of Miter, become entitled to any freehold or copyhold manors messuage* wKfattedJ ArT *an<fe tenements or hereditaments, either by escheat for want of heirs ok escneatco, cc. rea9on of forfeiture or by reason that the same have been or shall be purchased by or for the use of or in trust for any alien or aliens, it shall be lawful for his Majesty his heirs and successors, by warrant under his* or their sign manual, or under the seal of the Duchy or county palatine of Lancaster, according to the nature of the title to such manors messuages lands tenements or hereditaments respectively, to direct the execu&n of any trusts or purposes to which the same may have been directed U> be applied, and to make grants of such manors messuages lands tenements or hereditaments, or any parts thereof, or of any rents or profits then due and in arrear to his Majesty in respect thereof respectively, to any trustee or trustees or otherwise, for the execution of any such trusts or purposes, or to any person or persons for the purpose of restoring the same to any of the family of the person or persons whose estates the same had been, or of carrying into effect any intended grant conveyance or ward, n8 t*the Revise such person or persons in relation thereto, or of rewarding

FamiUesof0 "y Per's0n or persons or his her or their family making discovery of any Aliens or other s'?0*1 c?cheat, or of his Majesty's right and title thereto, as to his Majesty Persons uncon- his heirs or successors shall seem fit, or to make any grant or grants of dhionally, or in such manors messuages lands tenements or hereditaments, or any part or consideration of parts thereof, to any person or persons, or his her or their family making

and may grant *anfe to Trustees for that Purpose, or for restoring same to the Family, Ac. c. or for re

Money;

or to a Trustee to sell.

Application of Purchase Mosuch discovery as aforesaid, or being of the family or considered or adopted as part of the family of any alien or aliens, or to any person or persons whose estate or property the same hereditaments have been, or being of the family or considered or adopted as part of the family of any such last-mentioned person or persons, and his or their heirs and assigns unconditionally, or in consideration of money to be paid either at or before the execution of such grant or grants, or at any time or times subsequent thereto, and to such person or persons as his Majesty his heirs or success sors shall be pleased to direct, and such money, if not paid at the execution of such grant or grants, to be a charge upon the manors messuages lands tenements or hereditaments which snail tie so granted, and to be secured by way of mortgage or trust, or in any other manner as his Majesty h» heirs or successors shall think proper or he advised, and such money to he applied for any of the putposes of this Act; or to make any grant at grants of such manors messuages lands tenements or hereditaments, or any of them, unto any trustee or trustees, his or their heirs and assignsy in trust to be sold in such manner as his Majesty his heirs or successor* shall be pleased to direct; and that it shall be lawful for his Majesty his heirs or successors to direct the rents and profits of any such manors messuages lands tenements and hereditaments, and the money to arise by any sale or sales, or to be produced by any of the means aforesaid, to be applied in payment of any costs charges and expences incident to any commisssion or commissions for finding the title of his Majesty, and to the making of any such grant, and for carrying the same or any trusts or provisions thereof into execution, or in rewarding any person or persons or the family of any person or persons making a discovery of any such escheat forfeiture or purchase by any alien, or of his Majesty's right and title thereto, or in discharging the whole or apy pai^ o^any debt or debts due from any alien or any person or persons whose estate or property

---

Class XII.] Land Revenue of the Crown. 585

any such manors messuages lands tenements or hereditaments have been, or for the use and benefit in whole or in part of any such alien or of his or her family, or any part thereof, or of any person or persons adopted or considered by such alien as part of his or her family, or of any person or persons whose estate or property any such manors messuages lands tenements or hereditaments have been, or his or their family, or any part thereof, or of any person or persons adopted or considered by such person or persons as part of his or her family, or for all or any of the purposes aforesaid, as to his Majesty his heirs or successors respectively shall seem fit; and all grants heretofore made by his Majesty, which would under the provisions of this Act be good valid and effectual, shall be and are hereby confirmed, and are hereby declared to be as good valid and effectual to all intents and purposes as if the same had been made under the powers provisions and authorities of this Act, and as if such powers provisions and authorities had been in full force and effect at the time of making such grants; any thing in the said recited Acts, or any other Act heretofore made to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Purchasers not answerable for Application of Purchase Money.]

II. And be it further enacted, That the purchaser or purchasers of any manors lands tenements or hereditaments sold under the authority of this Act, or any person or persons paying any sum or sums of money under the authority of the same, or in pursuance of any grants to be made by virtue thereof, shall not be bound to see to the application or be answerable for the misapplication or non-application of the monies paid by them respectively.

[Surplus to be paid to Commissioners of Land Revenue.]

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every case where any surplus shall remain of any monies which may arise from any such sale or sales, or which shall be paid under the authority of this Act, by any person or persons, after satisfying all such purposes as shall have been ordered and directed by his Majesty his heirs or successors, under the provisions of this Act, shall be paid to the Commissioners of the Land Revenue for the time being, to be applied by them in the same way and manner as the money arising from the sale of any manors messuages lands tenements or hereditaments, of or belonging to his Majesty his heirs or successors, is by the several Acts now in force for the management and improvement of the land revenue of the Crown, or any of them, directed to be applied and disposed of.

[Acts available in modern fonts removed.]

