*4-6

The Ayeragt

Vrlce of Wheat

may he re-

ascertained at

the End of

every fourteen

Years, for the

Purpose of

making such

Compen&tions.

Compensation

to be made to

the Owners,

Scc. of, and

Persons em-

ployed on, any

<Juays Or

wharfs, or

other Tene-

ments, which

may be rendered

less valuable, by

Reason of the

intended

Works; and to

the Governors

of Christ’s

Hospital, (if

oeccdary) on

account of Car-

rooms.

C. lxix. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Time being kept, occupied, and made use of as aforesaid, and for or in respect of which such yearly Rents

or Sums shall be payable respectively ; and the said respective yearly Rents or Sums of Money shall be pay-

able and paid to the said Principal and Scholars, and their Successors, or to the Person or Persons for the

Time being entitled to the fame under them, at the Parsonage House for the Time being of the said Parish of

Stebonheath, other wise Stepney, or at such other Place or Places within the said Parish as the fame Principal

and Scholars, or Successors, or Peribn or Persons shall appoint, by equal Half-yearly Payments and Portions,

upon the twenty-fourth Day of June, and the twenty-fifth Day of December, in every Year for ever, clear

of all Parochial Taxes, Rates, Dues, and Assessments whatsoever; the first Payment thereof to become

due and be made upon the first cf those Days which shall next happen after the Possession of such Lands and

Premises respectively shall have been obtained by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or their

Successors, or by the said West India 'Dock Company.

CXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall fbe lawful for the said Principal and

Scholars, and their Successors, or to and for the Person or Persons to be for the Time being entitled under

them as aforesaid, at any Time after the Expiration of fourteen Years, to be computed from and nexten-

suing the Day so as aforesaid appointed for the first Payment of the said yearly Rents or Sums of Money, by

Writing under their or his Hands or Hand, to apply to the Justices of the Peace, at any General or Quarter

Sessions to be holden for the raid County of Middlesexftfirit giving Notice in Writing to the said Mayor and

Commonalty and Citizens, or their Successors, and the said IVeJi India Dock Company respectively, fix

Calendar Months, at least, before such Application, of his or their Intention so to do,) to have the Average

Price of Wheat again enquired of and ascertained; and the said Justices of the Peace shall and may, and

they are hereby required, at the fame, or at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden

for the said County, to esquire into and ascertain, by or from or by Means of the London Gazette, folong as

the Returns of the Average Price of Corn and Grain shall be published therein, and in cafo of no such Publi-

cation, then by such Ways or Means as they shall think equitable or proper, the Average Price of good

marketable Wheat, at the Corn Exchange in the City of London, for the Term of fourteen Years next pro-

ceeding such Application 5 and after such Average Price shall have been so ascertained and fixed, the Amount

of all future Payments of the said respective yearly Rents, or Sums of Money in lieu of Tithes, as herein

mentioned, shall be equal to the Value of the respective proper Quantities of Wheat, computed at the said

Rate of three Pecks per Acre, and according to the Average Price which shall have been last ascertained and

fixed by the Court of General or Quarter Sessions; and so from Time to Time, as often as any such Ap*

plication shall be made a£ aforesaid|; provided no such Application be made before the Expiration of fourteen

Years from the Time any such Average Price shall have been last ascertained and fixed in pursuance of this

Act.

“ $uch Compensations for Tithes may be recovered as Fee-Farm Rents. § r 15. Compensation to be

* made by the Corporation of London for Deficiencies of Assessments for Land Tax, and paving, cleansing,

44 lighting, and Poors’ Rates. $ n6. Compensation to be made by the West India Dock Company for

44 Deficiencies of Assessments for Land Tax, and paving, cleansing, lighting, and Poor’s Rates. §117.

44 Compensation to be made for Deficiencies of Sewer Rates. §118. Compensation to be made to Lord

44 Gwydir and his Assigns, in respect to their Interest in the Mooring Chains. [&>* § 35 ] § 119. Com-

44 pensation to be made to his Majesty for Relipquishment of Rents and Profits of Mooring*Chains, to be

44 paid into the Bank on Account of the Treasury, as wider the Land Tax Redemption Act, § 120.”

CXXI. 4 And whereas, by reason or in consequence of certain Parts of the Works, Improvements, and

4 Regulations, intended by this Act, some of the said present legal Quays, and of the other Quays or

4 Wharfs, commonly called Publick Foreign Sufferance Wharfs, ana certain Warehouses, Docks, and divers

4 other Tenements and Hereditaments, nowin or adjoining the said Port, some of which Wareh >ufesare

4 known by the Name of Up-Town Warehotfes, and used for the Reception of West India Produce, and

4 other Goods landed, may perhaps become less valuable, by Means of the Trade or Business of the fame

4 respectively being in Part diverted, than the fame respectively are at present, and divers Owners and Oc-

4 cupiers of, and other Persons interested in, or employed upon the Business of such legal Quays and Suf-

4 ferance Wharfs, Warehouses, Docks, and other Tenements and Hereditaments, may thereby sustain

* Loss or Damage ; and the yearly and other Receipts of the Governors otCbrtft's Hospital in the City of

4 London, for or on Account of Car-rooms, or Figures for using Free Carts within the said City and the Li-

4 berties thereof, may also thereby happen tobeleflened be it therefore further enacted, That in case such

Legal Quays and Sufferance Wharfs, Warehouses, Docks, and other Tenements and Hereditaments, or

any of them, shall by Reason of the said intended Works, or of any of them, be rendered less valuable by Rea-

son or Means of the Trade thereof being diverted therefrom, thanfthey respectively were before the passing of

this Act, or any Owners or Occupiers of the some Legal Quays and Sufferance Wharfs, Warehouses,

Docks, and other Tenements and Hereditaments, or any Tackle House Porters, Ticket Porters, oj Free

Carmen, of the City of London, or other Person or Persons interested in or employed upon the Business

thereof respectively, shall by Reason of any of the fame Works suffer Loss or Damage, or the yearly or other

Receipts or Income of the Governors of Chrffs Hospital aforesaid, or of their Successors, for or on Account

of Car-Rooms, shall by Reason of any of the fame Works happen to be lessened or diminished, the said

Commissioners to be appointed as herein-after is mentioned for managing the Business of the Compenfutions

authorized and required to be made by them, do and shall make or cause to be made such just and liberal

Compensation or Satisfaction, by Purchase, or by Employment, or other wise, to the Owners and Occupiers

of, and the Tackle House Porters, Ticket Porters, Free Carmen, and other Persons interested in, or em-

ployed upon, the some Legal Quays and Sufferance Wharfs, Warehouses, Docks, and other Tenements

