A. D. 1800. Anno 39* 6c 40* GborgiiIIL- 0.18,19. 2#7

\ ,

CAP. XVIII.

fin Act to prohibit, ontil the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the [s*c. 71. at*

next Session of Parliament, any Person or Persons from felling any Bread which shall

not have been baked a certain Time. £2oth February 1800.] March.]

* IT7 HERE AS it is expedient to reduce as much as possible at the present Moment the Consumption of

4 VV Wheat Flour: And whereas it appears that a considerable Saving would arise, if Bread was

4 prohibited from being fold until it had been baked a certain Time :* Be it enariled by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Cords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com- ?crf™\ refits

rnons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That it shall not be lawful westminSer”

for any Baker or other Person or Persons, residing within the Cities of London and Wcjbmnjter, and the Bills ^ the Bills’of

of Mortality, and within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, after the twenty-sixth Day of February one thou- Mortality, See.

sand eight hundred, or residing in any other Part of Great Britain^ after the fourth Day of March one alter Keb. 26,or

thousand eight hundred, to fell, or offer or expose to Sale, any Bread, until the fame shall have been baked re^dinS *lfc"

twenty-four Hours at the least; arid every Baker or other Person or Persons who shall aril contrary hereto,or March*4,'not to

offend herein, shall for every Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds for every I.oaf of Bread so fold, fcn or expose to,

offered, or expoied to Sale j which Penalty shall ana may be recovered before any one or more of his Ma- sale, any Bread,

jesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, upon tjil a4 hours af-

the Oatu of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are p^tke^ or}

hereby empowered to administer,) one Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the for^ach Loaf.*

other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence shall be committed ; and if the said Penalty to be re*

Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices, by Warrant un- covered before a

der his Hand and Seal, to cause the said Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels J?ftice» and di-

of the Party offending, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and i^nforme^1

Chattels, after deducting the said Penalty, and the Costs and Charges of takingand making such Distress an^ ^Poorof

and Sale. tbcParish.

II. Provided always, and be it enariled, That in every Place or Places where any Assize of Bread shall Vq Pepfon ,

have been ordered by me chief Magistrates or Justices of the Peace of such Place or Places, and shall have be liable to any

been duly put in execution, no Baker, or other Person or Persons, shall be subjerit or liable to any Penalty Penalty for fei*

or Forfeiture for felling any Bread under the Weights prescribed by Law: Provided also, That nothing he re in ling Bread un-

contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt any such Baker or other Person or Persons <ierrthcb^e‘&h|'

from any .such Penalty or Forfeiture, where the Weight of the reck Loaf shall be deficient more than fix Assize- provided

Ounces, and so in Proportion for any other Loaf of Bread 3 any Thing in any former Aril contained to the the Deficiency be

contrary notwithstanding. . not more than

• in Proportion of Six Ounces in the Peck Loaf. Rest* 74- § 3, 4* 1 i

III. And be it further enariled, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act to be passed

M this Session of Parliament. fio'n

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Aril shall continue in force until the Expiration of six Weeks Continuance of

after the Comencement of the next Session of Parliament. AS.

CAP,. XIX;

An. Aril to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments;

and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their

Qualifications within the time direriled by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes,

until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand eight hundred ; to indemnify Members and Of-

ficers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be

Ibamped according to Law* or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them,

until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand eight hundred, to provide Admissions duly stamped y,

to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of

Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the firil Day of Michaelmas

Term one thousand eight hundred \ and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Mi- -

litia, who have negleriled to transmit Descriptions of their (^alincations to the Clerks of the Peace

within the Time direriled by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose, until the firftc 0

Day ^of .September one thousand eig^t hundred. [?oth February 1800.J ,

CAP.1

