VI

The TITLES of

second Day of December one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-seven; intituled, An Act to continue, until the Ex-

piration of fix IVeeks after the Commencement of the next

Session of Parliament, two several Acts, passed in the Session

of Parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty seventh

Years of His present Majfty, the one, Chapter Thirty-two,

on the tenth Day 0^ March, and the other, Chapter Sixty-

one, on the twenty-fifth Day of May, one thousand seven

hundred and ninetyfivcn, forsuspending, for a limited Time,

the Operation of certain Acts, made in the fifteenth and

seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

retraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and tills of

Exchange, under a limited Sum, wiroin that Part o/Great

Britain called England ; and also to amend the said A61,

and further to continue the fame, so amended, until the

twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-nine. Page 23

to. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of

March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and

amend an Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Two, videlicet,-

on the thirtieth Day of November one thousand seven hun-

dred and ninety-seven, intituled. An Act to continue, until

*the Expiration of thirty Days after the Commencement of

the next Session of Parliament, an Act, passed in the Session

of Parliament of the thirty sixth and thirty -/event h Years of

IJis present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and thirty -

seven, videlicet, on the twentieth of July one thousand seven

hundred and ninety seven, intituled,An Act to continue an

Al7, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled,

4< An Act to revive and continue for a limited Time, and

w amend an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament,

4< intituled, 4 An Act to allow the Banks, and certain Bank-

4 ing Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called

4 Scotland, to ijpie Notes for Sums under a certain Amount,

* for a limited Tune ; and for indemnifying all Perfor.s who

4 have [ffued Notes for Jmcll Sums of Money in that Part

4 of the United Kingdomfor a limited Timed 24

11. An Act for allowing further Time for the Payment

of Instalments to become due on certain Sums advanced

by way of Loan, to certain Persons connected with and

trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincents. Ibid-

12. An Act to continue, until the Expiration of six Weeks

after the Commencement of the next Scttion of Parlia-

ment, an Act, passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, Chapter Fifteen, videlicet, on the

sixteenth Day of March ont thousand seven hundred and

ninety-five; and also an Act, passed in the same Year,

Chapter Eighty, videlicet, on the twenty-second Day of

May ot\Q thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and

also another Act, passed in the thirty-sixth Year of His

present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-six, videlicet, on the

fourteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and

ninety- fix, relating to the Admission of certain Articles

of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the ilfuing of

Orders in Council for that Purpose; and to continue, for

the same Period, an Act, passed in the Scttion of Parlia-

ment holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-fevemh Years of

His present M, jelly. Chapter Twenty-one, videlicet, on

die twenty-eii hth Day of December one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-six, authorizing His Majesty to make

Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and

from the Cap: of Good Hope. 29

13. An Ac! to icpcal the Duties imposed by an Act, made

in the LI! button of Parliament, for granting an Aid and

Contribution for the Prosecution of the War ; and to

make more die dual Provision for the like Purpose, by

the STATUTES,

granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said

Duties. Pag* 29

14. An A£! for exempting, during the present War, certain

Persons serving in Volunteer Corps, from being bal-

lotted for the Supplementary Militia, under certain Con-

ditions; and for making out new Lifts of Men liable to

serve in the said Militia. - 57

15. An Act to continue, until the twenty-first Day of May

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an Act,

made in the last Scttion of Parliament, intituled, Ain Act

to empower His Majesty to secure arul detain such Persons

as His Majesty shallfuff ctl are corfpir ing agairfl his P erf on

and Government. 61

16. An Act to revive and continue, until thirty Days after

the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an

Ad, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-six, videlicet, on the

seventeenth Day of 'June one' thousand seven hundred and

ninety-three, intituled, An All for establifldng Courts cf

Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and the JJJands

adjacent. Ibid.

17. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to

qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; jmd to in-

demnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted

to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the

Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time v

limited for those Purposes, until the twenty-fifth Day of

December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine;

to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corpo-

rations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions .have

been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having

been stamped, have been loft or mittaid, and for allowing

them, until the twenty-fifth Day oiDecember one thou-

sand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to provide Admissions

duly stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to

make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of

Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the

fame on or before the first Day of Michaelmas Term one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine ; to allow to such

Persons who have omitted to pay the Duties on the Inden-

tures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants,

until the twenty-second Day of June one thousand feverr

hundred and ninety-nine, for Payment of the fame; to

indemnify Attornies who have omitted to enter their Cer-

tificates according to Law, and for allowing them, until

the first Day of Easter Term, to enter the fame with the

proper Officer ; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants

and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected totranf-

mit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of

the Peace within the'Rime directed by Law, and for ex-

tending the Time limited for that Purpose, until the lirit

Day of September one thousand (even hundred and nintty-

nine. Ibid.

18. An Act for rafting a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or

Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-nine, 6z

19 An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine

Forces while on Shore, until the twenty-fifth Day of

March one thousand eight hundred. Hid.

20. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Deferlion ; and for

the better Payment of'the Arr^y and their Quartets.

Ibid.

21. An Act to amend and render more cfleftual two Acts,

passed in the thi tv-eighth Year of His pretent Majesty’s

Reign and the present Session of Parliament, for the Re-

demption and Purchase of the Land Tax. 65

22. An

