A.D. 1806. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. cxviii—cxx. S31

For pnnlfhinfif

Persons damag*

ing or destroy-

ing the Works

of Drainage.

Fine and Impri.

fonment.

For reserving

Rights of FiA*

oriosr&c.

LXXII. And be it farther enacted, That ill and every Person or Persons who shall at any Time or

Times hereafter wilfully and maliciously cut, throw down, burn, or otherwise damage or destroy any Bank,

Mill, Engine, Floqdgate, Clough, or Sluice, or other Work or Works erected or made, or to be

erected or made, or which shall at any Time hereafter be making or erecting for the draining, preserving,

securing, or improving the said Lands* or any Part thereof, and shall thereof be lawfully conVifted,

shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall be subject and liable to the Pain, Penalty,

'and Punishment of Fine and Imprisonment only; and the Courts by and before whom such Person

or Persons shall be tried, shall have full Power and Authority to conyift and punish him and them ac-

cordingly.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or his or their

Lessee or Lessees, and the several other Lord or Lords of the several and respective Manors within the

Parishe$, Townships, and Places aforesaid, or any of them, and all and every other Person or Persons

whomsoever, shall have full Liberty to fish, fowl, and exercise all the Rights and Royalties on the Rivers,

Ponds, Sewers, Drains, and Cuts now made or hereafter to be made by virtue of this Act, or any of the

Branches thereof, which they have usually exercised or enjoyed, and to which they are or shall be entitled

by Law; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; nevertheless so

as that the Exercise of such Rights and Royalties shall not hinder, obstruct, interfere with, or interrupt the

' general Drainage hereby intended, or other Execution of this A3.

“ For favingthe Rights of the Proprietor of the Derwent Navigation, under Statr 1 Ann. ft. t. c. 20.—

f 101. tfe.”

Cap. cxix.

'An Act for effectuating a Partition or Division of certain freehold and Copyhold, or Customary, Mef-

fiiages. Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Worcejlety heretofore the Estates of Holland Cookfeyr

Esquire, deceased, and for substituting Thomas Bird Gentleman, to be a Trustee in the Place of William

Dawdeswell Esquire, now in Parts beyond the Sea, for all the Purposes for which the said William Dowdef-

welly jointly with Thomas Blayney Gentleman, is a Trustee of one undivided fifth Part of the said Free-

hold and Copyhold, or Customary, Messuages, Lands^ and Hereditaments. [28th July 1800. J

Cap. cxx.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons, Waste Lands, and Marffiei

in the Parish of Whitford, in the County of Flinty and for fencing the said Marshes.

[28th July 1800.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parish of fVhitford, in the County of Flinty certain Commons,

yY Waste Lands, and Marshes, containing together two thousand Acres, or thereabouts: And

whereas Sir Thomas Mojlyn Baronet, is Lord of the Manor of MoJlyny within the said Parish of Whitford,

and Owner of the Soil of so much of the said Commons, Waste Lands, and Marshes, as lie within the

said Manor, subject to such Rights and Interests, if any, in the Mines of Lead therein, as lawfully belonged

€ to the Right Honourable Richard Earl Grosvenor before the patting of this Act: And whereas the King’s

4 most Excellent Majesty, in Right of his Crown, is Lord Paramount of the Lordship or Hundred of

Colejbilly in the said County, anadaims to be Owner of the Soil of the remaining Part of the said Com-

mons, Waste Lands, and Marshes, subject to a Grant heretofore made and now vested in the said Earl

Grojvenory or his Assigns, of all Mines of Lead therein, and subject to such other Rights and Interests, if

any, as lawfully belonged to the said Earl before the passing of this Act: And whereas the Right Ho-

4 nourable Thomas Lord Grey de Wilton is Lord of the Manor of Holywell\ Fullbrook, and Greenfieldy

within which Manor the Townships of Mertyn TJchglan and Mertyn JJglany in the said Parish of Whit-

ford, are claimed to be situated: And whereas the Reverend John Gooch is Rector, and the Reverend

John Foulkes is Vicar, of the said Parish of Whitford, and as such are entitled to Right of Common

in respect of their Glebe Lands within the said Parish: And whereas the said Sir Thomas mojlyn, and also

c Sir Edward Price Lloyd Baronet, David Pennanty Thomas Thomasy Thomas Mojlyn Edwards, Edward

c Jonesy Esquires, and other Persons, are Proprietors of Messuages, Tenements, and Lands within the said

Parish, and have in respect thereof Right of Common belonging upoifr&ll the said Commons, Waste

c Lands, and Mar(hes: And whereas if the said Commons, Waste Lands, and Marshes were divided and

allotted to and amongst the several Proprietors thereof and Persons interested therein, and such Allotments

inclosed, and a Fence made to protest the said Marshes from the Sea, it would be of publick Utility, and

beneficial to all Persons concernedMay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and

be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

the fame. That all the Commons, Waste Lands, and Marshes in the said Parish of Whitford, shall be feve- Common*,

rally divided, allotted, and inclosed, and that the said Marshes shall be defended and protefted from the Sea, Llndf,f

in the Manner and under the Powers by this Act directed and ordained. inctoftd and

5 For appointing an Assistant Commissioner on behalf of the Crown* } 4,5. (as under § 5,6. of e. cxvi.)” fcnced‘

3 Ya

XXVIII. And

