A.D. 1800*. Anno quadragesimo pflmo Georgii III. C. 16. 569

fflanufadured, contrary to this Act, a Sum not exceeding five Pounds nor less than ten Shillings for every 5J-“> J03- P*

such Bushel, and so in proportion for every fmailer Quantity. iufl,a

II. And be it further enacted, That no Miller or other Persons shall, from and after the said seventeenth Day Nor Anil < ny

of January one thousand eight hundred and one, in the said City of London, or witlvin forty Miles thereof, Machine

or from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one in any other

Part of Great Britain, use, for the Purpose of dressing any Meal the Produce of Ground Wheat or Grain Meflj 0i a»y

into any Kind of Flour, any Wire or other Machine or Cloth of any finer Construction or Description finer Coniiruc-

than herein-after mentioned, (that is to say^) than Wire Machines construded with not more than thirteen *ion than hwwn

Wires, of the usual and known Size and Thickness, on each Side of a Square inch, and so after that Rate menuoned, nn

for any Number of Inches of which such Machines shall be construded, and Cloths corresponding to such 0,4 lwo^

last-mentioned Wire Machines, and now usually called or known as eight Shillings and Sixpence Seamed

Cloths or Patent Cloths denominated Number Two9 or by whatever Denomination or Description, either

as to Number or Price, any Cloths corresponding to such hft-mentioned Wire Machines, in regard to

Flour to be dressed thereby, may be hereafter known; and if any Miller or other Person shall use or caule

to be used, or knowingly permit or suffer to be used, any Machine or Cloth of any finer Description or

Construction than such as are herein-before described, for the dressing, bolting, or manufacturing^any Meal

or Flour produced from Wheat, every such Miller or other Person so using such Machine or Cloth, shall

forfeit ana pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of January one thousand From January

eight hundred and one, in the City of London, or within forty Miles thereof, and from and after the *+

thirty-first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one in any other Part of Great Britain, no w? or

Meal or Flour of any finer Sort or Description than the Meal or Flour allowed to be dressed and fiourrtiaiibe

manufactured under this Act, shall be fold or exposed to Sale by any Person whatever (other than and cx- fold (except

cept Flour that shall have been or shall be imported into this Country, and which shall be fold in the nour imported

Barrels in which the fame shall be imported) 5 and if any Person or Persons shall offend herein, he, she, or ^ J1

they shall forfeit, for every Bulbel of Meal or Flour To fold contrary to this AS, a Sum not exceeding njVy from d.

five Pounds nor lc(s than ten Shillings for every such Bulbel, and so in proportion for every ftnaller toioi -ter*'

Quantity. Buihci.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the thirty-first Day of January one thousand eight From January

hundred and one in the City of London or within forty Miles thereof, and from and after the seventh

Day of February one thousand eight hundred and one in any other Part of Great Britain^ no Person or rively, 00 Per-

Persons shall bake, or make for private Use or for Sale, or shall sell or expose to Sale, any Bread made from son fhalibake

any Wheaten Meal or Flour unmixed, of any finer Sort or Description than the Flour allowed to be for private Ufr,

dressed and manufactured under this Act; and if any Person or Persons shall offend herein, he, she, or they *.for

shall forfeit, for every Peck Loaf of Bread so baked, made, or fold, or exposed to Sale, contrary to the Provi-

fions herein contained, a Sum not exceeding five Pounds nor leis than ten Shillings, and so in proportion for Flour, on Pr- ,

every (mailer Quantity. r \

to tos. fer Peck Loaf.

# V. And be it further enacted, That* from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of January one thousand From January

eight hundred and one, it shall be lawful for the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of Lon- dM1*the

don, or for the Lord Mayor for the Time being, and they are hereby required, and from and after the Aldermen,

said twenty-fourth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, within forty Miles of the City of and from that'

London, and from and after the thirty-first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, in every Date within

other Part of Great Britain, it shall be lawful for any Court, or Person or Persons authorized to set any forty Miles of

Assize or Price of Wheaten Bread, to set, ascertain, and appoint, when and so often as they shall from

Time to Time think proper, the Price of all the Wheaten Bread made of the finest Sort or Defcriotion of inJevery

Wheaten Flour, allowed by this Act to be dressed and manufactured, and upon no other Sort or Defcrip- other Place,

tion of Bread, whether Wheaten or made from other Grain mixed or* unmixed, which shall be made for any Court or

Sale, or exposed to Sale, in any Place or Places or District within their Jurisdiction; and that every such Price *u^orized Per-

shall be calculated and set from the Tables in the Schedule, according to the Rules and Directions to those the '

Tables annexed, from the Average Price of the finest Sort or Description of Wheaten Flour allowed by this aneft wheaten

Ad to be manufactured. u. ead a lowed ,

to be made and on no other, according to the Rules in the Schedule.

' VI. A nd be it further enacted, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth and thirty-first Days of January when th©

respectively, when any Price of Wheaten Bread of the finest Sort or Description of Flour allowed to be Pri"“fo^t»,

dressed and manufactured porfuant to this Act, shall be ascertained and set in any City, Borough, Town, anyBr^d T

Place, or District of any Cotmty, Riding, Shire, or Stewartry, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, no at a higher I

Person or Persons shall there make for Sale, or fell, or expose to Sale, any other Sort or Description of Bread, Price, on Pe- ,

whether Wheaten Bread, or Bread made of the Produce of Wheat mixed with the Meal or Flour of any nalx>’fronl sL

other Corn, Grain, or Puise, at a higher Rate for any Peck, Half Peck, Quartern, or Half Quartern Loaf of !° *os *^rr 7

any such other Bread, than shall be set as the Price of the Wheaten Bread of such finest Sort and Description 03 *'

as aforesaid 5 and ifany Person or Persons shall offend herein, be, (he, or they shall forfeit for every Loaf fold '

contrary to the Provisions herein-before contained, a Sum not exceeding five Pounds nor less than ten

Shillings, and so in proportion for any (mailer Quantity.

VII. And be ft further enaCfod, That after the twenty-fourth and thirty-first Days of January respec- And where the J

lively* although no Assize or Price of Wheaten Bread of the finest Sort or Description of Flour allowed *’rip*

41 Geo. HI. ~ 4D by no Person fl»H

