A* D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 89. 433

IV. And be it further enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and

after the passing of this Act, wilfully and fraudulently destroy, beat out, takeout, cutout, deface,obliterate,

or erase, wholly or in Part, any of the Marks in the said A cl of the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of*

King William the Third, or in this Act mentioned, or any other Mark whatsoever, denoting^the Property of

his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in or to any Warlike or Naval, Ordnance or Victualling Stores, or

cauie, procure, employ, or direct any other Person or Persons so to do, for the Purpose of concealing his

Majesty’s Property in such Stores, such Person or Persons shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall, on

being convicted thereof, be transported to Parts beyond the Seas for the Term of fourteen Years in like

Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

If any Person

foal! deface any

Mark denoting

th^ Property of

his Majesty in

any Store*, or

foall employ

any person so nr

do, he /hall We

deemed guilty

of Felony, and

transported for 14 Years.

V. And be if further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons who shall here-

after be convicted of any Offence contrary to this Act, for which he shall not have been transported beyond

the Seas, or contrary to the said recited Act of the ninth and tenth Years of King William the Third, shall

be guilty of a second Offence, either contrary to that Act or to this present Act, which would not other-

wife, as the first Offence', subject him, her, or them to Transportation, and shall be thereof legally convidU

ed, such Person or Persons {hall, by Judgement of the Court wherein he, she, or they shall be so convicted,

be transported to Parts beyond the Seas for the Term of fourteen Years, in like Manner as other Offenders

may be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm now in force.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thatif any Person or Persons transported in Persons return-

pursuance of this Act shall return into any Part of Great Britain or Ireland before the End or Expiration ino^mn

of the Term for which he or she shall have been so transported, every such Person or Persons so returning u^Adtfosil

shall suffer as Felons, and shall have Execution awarded against him, her, or them, as Persons attainted of ./ufor as Feioni

Felony without Benefit of Clergy. without Bene-

fit olCler$y. ,

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe

lawful to and for the Court before whorti any Offender dr Offenders shall be indidled and convicted of all or

any of the Crimes or Offences herein-before mentioned to be punishable with Transportation, to mitigate

or commute such Punishment, by causing the Offender or Offenders to be set on the Pillory, publickly

whipt, fined or imprisoned, or by all or any one or more of the said Ways and Means, as such Court in its

Discretion (hallthink fit; one Moiety of which Fine (if any imposed) shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs

and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to*the Informer, and alfoto order such Offender or Offenders

to be imprisoned until such Fine be paid; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any-

wife notwithstanding.

The Court may

mitigate the

Punishment of

Transportation

by Pillory,.

Whipping,

Fine, or Info

prisonment;

Application of

Fines, one Half

to the Informer,

and one Half to the King.

VIII. ‘And whereas the establishing by Law a certain Reward to the Diicoverers of Persons guilty of (teal-

4 ing or embezzling any of his Majesty’s Naval, Ordnance, or Victualling Stores, or of any of the Crimes or

Offences mentioned in the said recited Act of the ninth and tenth Years of King William the Third, or in

4 this Act, might tend greatly to the Detedtton of such Offendersbe it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall discover to his Majesty’s

Principal Officers or Commissioners of the Navy, Ordnance, or Victualling, for the Time being, or appre-

hend, or first inform against any Offender or Offenders who shall have been guilty of dealing or embezzling

his Majesty’s Stores of War, or Naval, Ordnance, or Victualling Stores, or of any of the Offences men-

tioned in the said recited Act of the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, or in

this present Act herein-before mentioned, which shall not be prosecuted in a fttmmary Way hereirt-after pre-

ferred*, so as such Offender or Offenders be convicted thereof, such Discoverer or Discoverers, Apprehenders

or Informers, shall have and receive a Reward for such his, her, or their Discovery, of for so apprehending

or first informing as aforesaid, the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Offence so discoverea; over and

above any Share of Penalty or Fine which he, (be, or they may be entitled to as the Informer or Informers ;

so as such Share of Penalty or Fine do not amount to more than the Sum of twenty Pounds, or (if amount-

ing to more than that Sum) shall fail to be paid by the Offender or Offenders upon whom the fame shall be

inflicted for the Space of three Calendar Months next after his, her, or their Conviction, provided such

Offenderor Offenders shall not be detained in pursuance of any Sentence of Imprisonment; and if so de-

tained, such Share of Penalty or Fine shall fail to be paid within three Calendar Months next after the Ex-

piration of such Sentence of Imprisonment.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall arise between oj* among any

Persons who shall have discoveredv apprehended, or informed against any Offender or Offenders as to their

Title to the said Reward of twenty rounds, such Dispute shall be determined by any one or more of the

Commissioners either of his Majesty’s Navy, Ordnance, or Victualling, as the Offence may have related to

their Departments respectively, upon the Oaths of the Claimants, to be taken in Writing either before such

Commissioner, or before one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, (which Oaths the said Gommissioner or

Justice is hereby authorized to administer,) and whatsoever Decision or Adjudication shall be made by such

Commissioner, touching the Premises, shall be final between the Parties.

39 & 4° Geo. III. 3K X. And

If any Person

foall djfcover to

the Navy Board,

&c. or appre-

hend any Offen-

der guilty of

ftcaUng or em-

bezziing hisMa-

jetty's Stores,or

of any Offence.

'fcgainst recited

Act of 9 and zoi

Gul. 3. or

Chi* Act, which

foall not he pro-

fecuted in a

summary Way,

he foall, on

Conviction, re-

ceive a Reward

of aol. over his

Share of Penal-

ty, if not more

than that Sum.

*[§ 18, &c.]

If any Dispute

foall arise re- y

spefting the

Tit P- to such

Reward, it foajl

he ch rermined

by any of die

Ci'nun.iiionef s

vt the Navy,vc.

