54© C. 2, 3. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

where Proof shall be so made refoeftively, such Ship or Vessel shall not be forfeited for or on account of such

small Quantity of ProviGon or Victual, or other Articles ef Food prohibited to be exported or carried out of

the Kingdom by any such Order of his Majesty as aforesaid.

The Powcn of VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Clauses, Matters,

3»Ceo. 3. and Things contained in an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in*

c. 50. arui of tituled, An Act for the Relief of the Coast Trade of Great Britain \for exempting certain CoaJI Documents from

in forceCforfcl Stamp Duties: foraholifning the Bond usually called the Isle of Man Bond; and for permitting Corn arU

curing th? Re- Grain brought Coajtwje to be transjhipptd into Lighter s9 for the Purpose of being cartied through the Canal

venue of Cuf- from the Forth to the Clyde; and in every other Act of Parliament in force on and immediately before

10m*, &c. to the passing of this Act, by which any Conditions, Rules, Regulations, or Restrictions were made, efta*

extend to this blished, or directed, or any Powers, Authorities, or Provisions were made for the better securing the Re*

c venue of Culloms, or for the regular Importation into or Exportation from Great Britain, or the bringing

or carrying Coastwise, or from Port to Port within the same Kingdom, or the taking or requiring, and put-

ting in Suit and prosecuting any Cocquet, Bond, or other Security given in relation thereto, except where

any e^press Alteration is made by this Act, or by any Order of his Majesty iiTued under the Authority of

this Act, shall, and they are hereby declared to be and remain jn full Force and Effect to the Subjea of

this A<£t, and to any Order issued by his Majesty in pursuance thereof, and to all Rules, Regulations,

and Restrictions contained in any such Order, as far as the fame are applicable thereto, and for carry-

ing the fame into Execution, as fully and effectually as if they had been repeated and re-enacted in this

At}.

ders'in Council ! VII. And be it further enacted, That Copies of such Orders as shall be made by his Majesty in Conn*

ihallbe from cil» for any of the Purposes mentioned in this Act, if made when Parliament is fitting, shall be laid before

Tim? to Time both iloufes of Parliament within three Days after the fame shall have issued; and if made when Parliament

laid before Par- is not fitting, then within fourteen Days after the Meeting of the next Seffiun of Parliament,

iiament.

Until January

I, 180*, no

Spirits shall be

distilled from

Com or drain,

Jkc. and no

Starch shall be

made from

Wheat or

Wheat Flour.

Persons so dif-

tilling, and Per-

fons in whose

Custody Veflelt

used contrary to

the Intentions

of this Act,

shall be found,

shall forfeit

5C0I each,ard

the Wheat, 3cc.

shall be for-

feited.

Penalty of 500I.

for making

Starch from

Wheat, or

Wheat Flour,

which, with

CAP. III.

An Act to prohibit, until the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and

two, the Use of Corn in distilling of Spirits or making of Starch.

[8th December 1800.]

f IT 7HEREA3 it is expedient to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Use or Expenditure of Wheat, Bar-

% VV ky, Malt, and every other Sort of Corn or Grain, and of Meal, Flour, and Bran, in the male-

c ing or preparing of Wort or Wash for the Distillation of Low Wines or Spirits, and tQ prohibit, fof a

4 limited Time, the making of Starch from Wheat, or Wheat Meal or Flour;’ be it therefore enacted

by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That,

from and after the passing of this Ac!, and until the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and

two, no Low Wines or Spirits shall be brewed, made, prepared, extracted, or distilled from any Wheat,

Barley, M. It, or Tilts, or any other Sort of Corn or Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran, or any

Mixture with the fame; and no Starch shall be made or prepared from any Wheat, or any Wheat Meal or

Flour.

II. And be it further enacted, That if, during the Time before limited, any Distiller or Distillers, Maker

or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall brew, make, prepare,

extract, or distil, or cause or procure to be brewed, made, prepared, extracted or distilled, any Low Wines

or Spirits, either for Home Consumption or for Exportation, or shall use or mix, or cause or procure to

be used or mixed, any Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Corn or Grain; or any Meal, Flour, or Bran, in any

Wort or Waft), in order for the brewing, making, preparing, extracting, or distilling any Low Wines or

Spirits, or Dial! put or lay, or cause or procure to be put or laid, in any Tun, Wash Batch, Calk,

Copper, Still, or other Vefiei or Utensil, any Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Corn or Grain, or any Meal,

Flour, or Fran, or any Mixture with the fame, for the Purpose of preparing any Wort or Waih, or for

brewing, making, preparing, extracting, or distilling any Low Wines or Spirits, whether such Tun, Walh

Batch, Calk, Coppec, Stiii, or other Vefiel or Utensil, shall or shall not have been or be duly entered at the

Excise Office, that then, and in each and every of the said Cafes, such Distiller or Di ft filers,'Maker or Makers

of Low Wines or Spirits, or other Person or Persons a£tirg contrary to the Directions of this Act, and the

Person or Persons in whose Custody or PoftiiTion any such Fun, Walh Batch, Cask, Copper, Still, or other

Vcflbl or Utensil, which shall be made use of contrary to the Intention of this Act, shall be found, shall fc-

veraliy and relpeclively, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds; and all

such Wheat, Barley, Malt, and other Corn or Grain, and such Meal, Flour, and Bran, or other Mixture

with the fame, and such Wort and Waft), Low Wines and Spirits, shall be forfeited, and shall and maybe

feiztd by any Officer or Officers of Excite.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall apply, spend, consume, or make use

of, or cause, procure, permit, or suffer to be applied, spent, consumed, or made use of, any Wheat, or any

Meal or Flour eround or made therefrom, for the Purpose of making or preparing Starch, contrary to the

true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Person or Persons so offending, and the Person or Persons in whose

Custody 01 Poileifion the fame shall be found, shall (over and above all other Penalties imposed by any Act

5

