A.D. 1800._ Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. cvii. 52I

Cap. cvii.

An Act For the Appointment and Regulation of Pilots and Hoblers for the conducting of

Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port or Harbour and River of Neath% in the County

of Glamorgan; for placing Buoys upon the Bar of Heathy and the Removal of Obstruc-

tions in the said Port or Harbour and River; for regulating the Mooring of Ships

and Vessels therein; and for the Regulation of Porter^ within the said Port or Harbour

and River, and within the Town of Neath. [9th July 1800.]

WHEREAS the Port or Harbour and River of Neath, in the County of Glamorgan, by the Means

of the opening and working of several extensive Collieries,*and the erecting of several large Copper

4 Works, Smelting Houses, Iron Furnaces, Foundcries, and Forges, Tin Plate Mills, Chemical Works,

and various other Manufactories in its Vicinity, is become a Place of very considerable Trade, and a.

4 great Nursery for Seamen: And whereas it would be useful and advantageous to the Trade arid Com-

4 merce of the Town of Neath, in the said County of Glamorgan, and the Inhabitants thereof, and would

4 greatly tend to the Safety of Ships and Vessels failing or trading from and to the said Port or Harbour»

and River of Neath., and be^of general Benefit to his Majesty’s Subjects resorting with their Ships^or

4 Vessels thereto, if effectual Powers were given f >r appointing and regulating of Pilots and Hoblers for coit-

4 duffing such Ships or Vessels between the said Port or Harbour and River^ and the Sea, and for a small

4 Distance out at Sea; and for the Management of the Buoys upon the Bar of Neath, and removing Ob-

4 strudtions in the said Port or Harbour and River; and for appointing and regulating of Porters within the

4 said Port or Harbour and Town; and for preventing Persons not To appointed from acting as Pilots or

4 Hoblers of any such Ships or Vessels, or Porters, wuhin the said Port or Harbour and Town P May it

therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Com- Commissioner*

missioners ippointed in and by virtue of this Act, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from empowered to

Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands, to license and, appoint such Persons as they shall, upon Lcenfc Pilots,

Examination touching their Skill and Abilities, approve and think properly qualified for that Purpose* to *c*

be Pilots, Hoblers, and Helpers of Ships and Vessels, for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out

of the Port or Harbour and River of Neath aforesaid, and upon any Part thereof, and for a Small Distance out

at Sea, within or withour the Bay of Neath aforesaid; and the Persons so licensed shall, for the Putpofesof

this Act, be called River Pilots and River Hoblers 5 and shall also appoint such Persons as they shall think

proper to be Porters within the fa.d Port or Harbour and River of Neath; and if any Person, without hav-

ing such Licence to act as a River Pilot as aforesaid, shall, after the Expiration of one Calendar Month

from the passing of this Act, take upon himself to conductor pilot any Ship or Vessel into or out of the

said Port or Harbour and River, or within the same, or in or without the said Bay; or if any Person, with-

out having such Licence to ait as a River Hobler as aforesaid, shall, after the Expiration of the said one

Calendar Month from the passing of this Act, take upon himself to assist or help any Ship or Vessel into or

out of the said Port or Harbour and River, or within the same, or in or without the said Bay; or if any Penalty on

Person, without having such Licence to act as a Porter as aforesaid, shall, after the Expiration of the said acting without

one Calendar Month from the passing of this Act, take upon himfelt to land or carry any Goods or Mer- Licence not ex-

chandize from or to any Ship or Vessel lying within the said Port or Harbour and River, every such Person cctdinS sL

shall respectively forfeitand pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding five Pounds.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to oblige the Mailer or other Per- Makers of

(on having the Command of any Ship or Vessel outward-bound, after (he has been piloted out of the said VefleMoutat

Port or Harbour and River over the said Bar, to employ or make use of any Pilot or Hobler to conduct liich Sea, Verrds in

Ship or Vessel to cross or pass further out at Sea, nor to oblige the Mailer or other Person having the Command Limeitonc

of any Ship or V»eflel in the Limestone Trade or other Coasting Trade, inward-bound or outward-bound, inl3 jCrade, not7

whether laden or unladen, so that any such Snip or Vessel in the Limestone Trade do not exceed the Burthen exceeding ?o

or Tonnage of thirty Tons, and in the Coasting Trade do not exceed the Burthen or Tonnage of twenty Tons, may pi-

Tons, by Admeasurement, to he ascertained by the Custom House Register thereof, to employ or make use of awn

any Pilot or Hobler: Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent or hinder Vcircl*«

any Owner, Part Owner, Matter, or Mate of, or any Person belonging to any Ship or Vessel inward-bound,

^twithstanding such Ship or Vtflol shall exceed the Burthen or Tonnage of thirty Tons, from conduct-

ing or piloting the Ship or Vessel to which he shall belong, into and up the said Port or Harbour and River

of Neath, in case none of the said River Pilots shall be ready and offer to conduct and pilot the farne; nor

to prevent or hinder any Person or Persons from assisting any Ship or Vessel in Distress.

ct Pilots, &c. subjecied to the Rules of the Act, and Bye Laws to be made by the Commissioners. $ f.

Ci Commissioners may suspend Pilots, Wr. §4. Commissioners namedl § 5. Their Qualifications, &c.

4< § 6— n. Pilots, /r. to assist King’s Ships in Preference to others. Punishment on Pilots neglecting

4t their Duty from c/ to iox on Hoblers from 40s. to 51. and Dismissal: Penalty not exceeding 5/. on Per-

44 fons idling after Dismissal. § 12.”

XIII. 4 And, for ascertaining the Rates to be paid to the said River Pilots, and River Hoblers, for the ^Tie^he

4 conducting or piloting, helping or assisting, any Ships or Vessels as aforesaid, and also the Rates to be paid Rates, bnt not

39 & 40 Geo* III. [Lqc. & Per.J 3 X 4 to iaExdufion.

