265 C. i: - ^Tnnd 390 & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

such Regiment of Foot Guards or Royal Cprps of Artillery, as his Majesty shall hereafter, by any such

• Order as aforesaid, from Time to Time name and appoint to receive Volunteers from the Regiment,

Battalion, or Corps of Militia to which any such Private Man shall at the Time of such enlisting under this

Act belong.

Such Men shall III. And be it further enacted*>That every Person* who shall be enlisted under this Act to serve in any

be enlisted on Regiment of (i>rps of the Line of his Maje'fty’s Regular Forces, so named and appointed as aforesaid, shall

certain Condi- be enlisted tcHerve for five Years, or during the Continuance of the present War, and for six Months after

Expiration thereof, and no longer ; ana shall not be liable to befentor to serve out of Europe; and every

vT* such Person shall, in Addition to the usual and accustomed Oath to be taken by every Person enlisting as a

- Soldier in his Majesty’s Forces, take the following Oath ; (that is to say,)

Oath. * 4 A. B. dofincerely promise and swear, That. I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty

• * King George i andldofwear, that I will faithfully serve in the Regiment of

4 within any Part of Europe, during the Term of five Years, or for the Continuance of the Wary and for

4 six Months after the Expiration thereof, unless I shall be sooner discharged.’

VO

Commanding

Officers of Mi-

litia shall ex-

plain to the

Men the Terms

upon which

they may enlist

into the Regular

Forces, and if

any declare such

an Intention

they shall (whe-

ther they enlist

singly dr in

Companies-*

(fee § 7) he dis-

charged and at-

tested for the

Regime*) tin

which they

intend to enlist.

Militia Men

may enlist to-

gether as a

Company of not

kfs than eighty,

and his Majttty

may appoint

Officers from

the Militia, and

make L’attalions

of such Com-

panies, &c.

# Militia Officers

{ ’volunteering to

'* serve in tht

4< No Person so enlisting shall be drafted into any other Corps^ unless first discharged, and thereafter volun-

u tarily entering. § 4. Every Militia Man enlisted into the Regular Forces shall be entitled to ten Guineas

44 Bounty, which may be disposed of as herein specified. § 5.”

VI. And'be it further enacted. That every Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corns

of Militia, of any County, Riding, or Place aforesaid, shall, upon receiving Directions from his Majesty

for that Purpose, explain to the Private Men of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, of which he

shall for the Time being have the Command, in such Manner, and at all such Times within one Month from

the Time of his first receiving such Directions, as his Majesty shall direct, the Terms upon which any

Private Man, serving in the Militia, may enlist into the Regular Forces, under this Act; and if upon the

Terms of such enlisting being explained or made known to them as aforesaid, any Private Militia Man

shall voluntarily declare an Intention to be enlisted into his Majesty’s Regular Forces, it shall be lawful for

such Colonel or Commanding Officer of Militia as aforesaid. and every such Colonel or Commanding Of-

ficer is hereby required 10 discharge such Person from the Militia, whether such Person shall enlist singly or

with any other Men as a Company, in Manner hereinafter mentioned ; and every such Private Militia

Man, so discharged as aforesaid, shall immediately thereupon belong, as a Private Man, to the Regiment or

Corps into which he shall dedarthi9 Intention to enlist, and shall be immediately enlisted and attested for

such Regiment or Corns in due Course of Law, and shall (as soon as conveniently may be) be transferred to

feme Offieer of such Regiment or Corps, or such Officer as his Majesty may have appointed to receive Men

enlisted under this Act; and shall have and be entitled to the Allowance of the Bounty of ten Guineas, in

the Manner herein mentioned, together with Subsistence, Pay, and Cloathing, to be paid and furnished in

like Manner in every Respect, and subject to and under the like Laws, Rules, and Regulations, as are pro-

vided and used for the Regiment orCorps of his Majesty’s Regular Forces into which he shall have enlisted,

except as such Laws, Rules, and Regulations are with respect to/uch Men altered by. this Act; any Law or

Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding/.“ j *' *. t

VII. And be it further enacted. That whete tmy Number of Private Militia Men shall be defirou£of

enlisting4nto any Regiment of the Line, so named as aforesaid, of his Majesty’s Regular Forces, as a Com-

pany or Companies, of not less than eighty Men to each Company, and his Majesty shall have signified his

Intention of granting Commissions in his Majesty’s Regular Forces to any Officer or Officers actually serv-

ing in the Regiment, Battalion, or Corns of Militia from which any or each of such Companies of Men shall

volunteer to ierve as aforesaid in his Majesty’s Regular Forces, as Captain, Lieutenant, and Ensign of such

Company or Companies refoeftively, that then and in every such Cafe it shall be lawful for such Men to

enlist as such Company or Companies asafoitfaid ; and then and in every such Cafe it shall be lawful for any

Number of Non-commissioned Officers, Corporals, and Drummers of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps

of Militia, not exceeding three Serjeants, four Corporals, and one Drummer, to every eighty Men, to enlist

with such Company or Companies of Men as aforesaid ; and every Colonel and Commanding Officer if

such Regiment is hereby required to discharge such Non-commissioned Officers, Corporals, and Drummers

as shall be desirous of enlisting as aforesaid, not exceeding such Number as aforesaid ; and it shall be lawful

for his Majesty to attach such Company or Companies of Men to any Regiment of the Line of his Majesty’s

Regular Forces, so named and appointed as aforesaid, into which the Private Militia M$n of such Company

or Companies shall have declared their Intention to enlist as aforesaid, or to join together any Number of

such Companies, and form the fame into an additional Battalion or any additional Battalions of-any such

Regiment as aforesaid, and in such Cafe to appoint such and such Number of Field and Staff Officers to any

such Battalion or Battalions as his Majesty shall think neccfTary; and every such Battalion shall thereupon

be subject to such and the like Regulations, with respect to Service, as any Regiment of the Line named

and appointed to receive Volunteers from the Militia under the said recited Act and this Act ; and every

Private Militia Man of every such Company shall be entitled to such and the like Bounty, to be paidjnfuch

and the like Manner, and shall serve on such and the like Conditions, in every Respect, as are herciri men-

tioned with respect to any Militia Man eniilbng into any Regiment of the Line of his Majesty’s Regular

Forces, under the said Act of the iaft Session of Parliament, or this Act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Officer so volunteering to serve in his Ma-

jesty’s Regular Forces, with any such Company of Men as aforesaid, shall be entitled to and have temporary

13 Rank

* -

