i74 C. 83, 84. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

The Commlf-

fiontrs shall act-

nunifter 10 their

Officers and

Clerks an Oath

lor their faithful

Demeanour in

ting the Publick Accounts, which Oath they the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are

hereby authorized and empowered to administer, of all the Monies received by him or them under the Au-

thority of this Act, and shall pay the whole Money so to be received as aforesaid, at the End of each Quarter,

into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, under the Direction of the said Commissioners; and the fame

when so paid shall by the proper Officer be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, or any

three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorized to administer to every of the Officers-and

Clerks who shall be appointed as before directed, and ai(b to all Clerks and other Persons acting ministeri-

ally under them, in examining any of the Publick Account under the Management of the said Commission-

ers, an Oath for his or their true and faithful Demeanour in all Things relating to the due Performance of

the Trust reposed in him or them.

Performance of their Trust.

Accounts shall

be verified on

Oath of Ac-

countants be-

fore a Baron or

the Curfitor Ba-

ron of the Ex-

chequer, or be-

fore the said

Commissioners.

h >4-

Accounts of the

Paymaster Ge-

neral shall be

verified by the

Accountant

General of the

£ay Office.

Act shall not

diminUh the

Kcfpon Ability

of the Pay-

nailer General.

XIII. And whereas it is expedient that the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts should be

4 authorized to administer an Oath to all Accountants for the Expenditure of Publick Money, in the fame

4 Manner as such Oath is now administered by the Barons of the Coif or Curfitor Baron of the Exchequer

Be it further enacted, That all and every the Accounts of the Expenditure of Publick Money, except

as herein-after mentioned ♦, which are or shall be delivered into the Office of the Commissioners for au-

diting the Publick Accounts for the Purpose of being examined and audited, shall, previous to such the

Delivery thereof into the said Office, be verified and attested on Oath by the several Accountants, before one

of the Barons of the Coif or the Curfitor Baron of the Exchequer, or before the said Commissioners of Pub-

lick Accounts, or any three or more of the said Commissioners, which Oath they the said Commissioners, or

any three or more of them, are hereby authorized to administer.

XIV. And whereas it is expedient that the Accounts of the Paymaster General of his Majesty’s Forces

4 should be verified by the Accountant General of the Pay Office, instead of the Paymaster General of the

4 Forces Be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and every the

Accounts of the Paymaster General shall be verified and attested upon Oath by the Accountant General of

the Pay Office for the Time being, either before one of the Barons.of the Coif or the CurfitorBaron of the

Court of Exchequer, or before the said Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, or any three or

more of the said Commissioners, and the Paymaster General of his Majesty’s Forces shall not be required to

verify and attest such Account, but shall be exonerated and excused therefrom.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall in any other Re-

aped extend, or be construed to extend, to take away, lessen, diminilb, or alter any of the Duties or Re-

monfibility of the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces, in respect of his Office of Paymaster

General, (ave and except with respect to the verifying and attesting his Accounts on Oath in Manner

aforesaid.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to contract with the Mod

Noble Charles Duke of Richmond for the absolute Purchase of the Property of the said

Duke, and all others interested, in a certain Duty of twelve Pence per Chaldron on

Coals shipped in the River Tyne tobeconfumed in England, and to grant a Compenfa-

iionfor the fame, by way of Annuity, payable out of the Consolidated Fund.

[12th July 1799.]

tetters Patent € WHEREAS by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, bearing Date the eighteenth Day of December%

of 18 Decem. 4 ▼ ▼ in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, his said Ma-

Car. II. and jesty did give and grant unto Charles then Duke of Richmond, fox every Chaldron of Sea Coals, Stone

4 Coals, or Pit Coals, (except as therein is excepted,) of the Water Measure of Newcastle upon Tyne, as at

4 any Time or Times thereafter should be fold, shipped, carried, or vended, by any Person or Persons

4 whatever, forth or out of the Haven or River of Tyne, belonging to the aforesaid Town of Newcastley to

4 befpent as therein mentioned, and not transported beyond the Seas, the several Sums of twelve Pence.

4 to be paid as therein mentioned; and to which several Sums or Duties his said Majesty, his Heirs and

Successors, were entitled, in the Manner in the said Letters Patent recited, to hold and enjoy the said

Duties or Sums of twelve Pence unto the said Charles then Duke of Richmond, and the Heirs of his

4 Body, subje£t to the Payment of a yearly Sum of five hundred Pounds to Sir Thomas Garres, his Heirs or

4 Assigns, and paying therefor to his said late Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the yearly Rent of one

A& 30 Get. If 4 Pound six Shillings and eight Pence: And whereas, by an Act of Parliament passed in die thirtieth Year

«e.:ted. « of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and which was made and passed previous to and

in Contemplation of the Marriage of the Most Noble Charles now Duke of Richmond, Grandson of the

4 aforesaid Duke of Richmond, with Lady Mary Brucey afterwards Duchess of Richmond, and since de-

4 ceased, it was enacted, That from and thenceforth the said Charles now Duke of Richmond should hold and

4 enjoy the said Duty of twelve Pence (but charged with the said Annuity of five hundred Pounds, and the

4 said Rent of one round six Shillings and eight Pence, herein-before mentioned) to the Use of him and

the Heirs Male of his Body: and in Default of Heirs Male of his Body, then to the Use of the Right

4 Honourable Lord George Henry Lenox, brother of the said Charles now Duke of Richmond\ and the Heirs

Malt

