■i'7 6

i^Geo. 3.C. 59.

38 Geo. 3 c. 40.

Licence Duties

(h ul L'C afeer-

ninci accord-

ing to tlx: Rent

at which

Houses, Sec. are

rated under lait

recited A&

and,

licences taken

out since pair-

ing it, vai.d,

and the Money

paid for them

applicable as

t.e Duties im-

posed by recited

Act of

30 Geo. 3.

6 Geo. 1. c.ai,

aS Gto. a. c.13.

In any Place

where the Cor-

porate Justices

are by the two

last recited Acts

-disqualified to

grant Licences

/for retailing

Liquors, the

Justices for

ihc County at

large may grant

them at the Re-

#qt>eft of the

Chief Magis-

trate.

C. 86. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A. D. 1799.

‘ licence, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens, therewith occupied, were rated under

r the Authority of an Ail, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for impofingDu-

‘ tics on inhabited Houses : And whereas the Rates and Duties of the said Act of the nineteenth Year of his

1 pre ent \]ljesty’s Reign are repealed by another Act, made in the thirty-eighth Year of his present Ma-

4 jelly’s Reign, and other Rates and Duties are by the said last mentioned Act imposed for or in respect of

( inhabited Houses according to the Rents therein specified, and it is therefore expedient that the said Licence

* Duties should hereafter be ascertained by the Rents according to which Dwelling*houses shall be rated

4 under the Authority of the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year aforesaid ;* be it therefore enabled by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempo- -

rai, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from

and after the passing of this A cl, the said Licence Duties shall be ascertained according to the Rent at which

the Dwelling-house shall, at the Time of taking out any such Licence, be rated under the Authority of the

said Act of the thirty-eighth Year aforesaid; and that in all Cafes where the said Ac! of the thirtieth Year

aforesaid mentions or refers to any Dwelling-house, Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens, as being rated

at any Rent under the Authority of the said Act of the nineteenth Year aforesaid, the fame shall be deemed

and t.tken to refer to such Dwelling-house, Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens, as being rated at that par-

ticular Rent under the Authority of the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year aforesaid j any Thing in the said

last mentioned Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. 4 And whereas many Persons, since the making of the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his present

4 Majesty’s Reign, , have taken out Licences to authorize him, her, or them, to retail distilled Spirituous

4 Liquors or Strong Waters, and paid for such Licences the Sumsot Money in that Behalf specified in the

4 said Act of the thirtieth Year aforesaid* and it is expedient in respect thereof to make such Provision as is

4 herein-after mentioned be it therefore enacted, That every such Licence and Payment shall be deemed

good and valid, and the Money so paid shall be deemed and taken to have been applicable to the Purpose

for which the said Duties imposed by the said Act of the thirtieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign were

by that Act directed to be applied.

III. 4 And whereas by an Act, passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled,

4 An Act for preventing Frauds arid Abuses in the Publick Revenues oj Excfe, Cu/loms, Stamp Duties, Pcjl

4 Office, and House Money, it is enacted. That all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall have

4 in his or her Custody any Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits, or Strong Waters, exceeding the Quantity of

4 sixty-three Gallons, shall be deemed and taken to be a Seller of and Dealer in Brandy, Arrack, Rum,

4 Spirits, and Strong Waters, and subject to the Survey of the Excise : And whereas by an Act, passed in

4 the twenty-sixth Year of th<J Reign of King George the Second, intituled. An Act for the more effectually

4 preventing the fraudulent Reinoval of Tobacco by Land or Water, and for the Safe of the fair Trader in To*

4 bacco ; and for qfeertaining the Rates payable for the Post age of certain Letters ; and for amending and ex-

A plaining the Laws relatingto the Sale of Spirituous Liquors by Retail, it is enacted. That no Justice of the’

4 Peace, being a common Brewer of Ale or Beer, Innkeeper, orDistiller, or other Seller of or Dealer in

4 Ale, or any Kind of Spirituous Liquors, or interested in any of the said Trades or Bulinesses, or being a

4 Victualler or Maltster, shall, during such Time as he shall be such common Brewer, Innkeeper, Distil-

4 lcr, Victualler, or Maitfter, or Seller of or Dealer in Ale, or other Spirituous Liquors, or interested in

4 any of the said Trades or Bufinesses, "be capable of or Ime any Power to grant any Licence or Licences

* to any Person or Persons for selling Ale, Beer, or any other Liquors by Retail: And Whereas in divers Cor-

4 porate Cities, Towns, and Places, wherein Foreign Spirituous Liquors are imported into this Kingdom,

4 certain Persons exercising Corporate Offices, and no others, can grant Licences for selling Ale or Beer, or

4 any other Liquors by Retail therein, and it may happen that so many of the Justices and Magi ft rates thereof

4 may be disqualified from granting such Licences by Force of the said recited Acts, or that a sufficient

4 Number of Persons exercising such Corporate Offices for the Time being may not be qualified to act

4 therein according to the said Act, which may be productive of great Inconvenience, and may be injurious

4 to the Publick Revenuefor Remedy whereof, be it further enacted. That, from and after the passing

of this Act, in case it shall happen that in any City, Town, or Place, any of the Corporate Justices or

Magistrates thereof for the Time being, shall not be capable of acting in granting such Licences as afore*

said, by reason that any such Justice or Magistrate, or Justices or Magistrates therein, is or are a Seller or

Sellers of, or a Dealer or Dealers in, any Foreign Spirits, then and in every such Cafe it shall be lawful for

any Justice or Justices of the Peace, adtingin and for the County at large, within which such City, Town,

or Place, shall be situate or next adjoining thereto, at theRequest in Writing of theChidf Magistrate of any

such City, Town, or Place, to act as a Justice or Justices, Magistrate or Magistrates, within such City,

Town, or Place, for the Purpose of granting Licences to fell Ale, Beer, or other Liquors by Retail in

such Corporate City, Town, or Place, instead of the Justice or Justices, or Magistrate or Magistrates

thereof disqualified as aforesaid; any Act or Acts, or any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary not-

withstanding ; and all such Justices, so required to act as aforesaid, shall be entitled to exercise the rowers

and Jurisdictions of a Magistrate within such City, Town, or Place, for the Purpose of granting such Li-

cences as aforesaid, and in all Things relating thereto, and shall be deemed and taken to be a Magistrate of

such City, Town, or Place, for the Purposes aforesaid j but that such Justice or Justices shall not have any

Authority, Power, or Jurisdiction, in such City, Town, or Place, by virtue of this Act, other than and

for the Purposes herein-before mentioned.

CAP,

