ftccit?d Act, as

far as applica-

ble, to extend 10

this Act.

Publick Act*

172 C. 82, 83. Anno tricesimo nono Gegagii III. A.D. 1799.

be paid to him half-yearly by the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, out of the Produce of the fa i 4 Prop or-

’ tion of one Month’s Tax, or until he shall be appointed by the said Commissioners to some Office of notr

less than’Equal Value; the said Payment to be computed and commence from the Time of the passing of the

said Art of the thirty-fourth Year of the*Reign of his present Majesty.

XVI. And be it further enarted, That the said Art of the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Dirertions, Penalties, Matters, and Things

therein contained, so far as the same are applicable, and not hereby repealed, shall be applied and put in Ex-

ecution, w ith respert to this Art, in as full and ample a Manner as if they were here again at large repeated

and re-enacted in the Body of this Art.

XVII. And be it further enarted, That this Art shall be deemed and taken so be a Publick Art; and shall

be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices; and other Persons whomlbever, without spe-

cially pleading the same.

CAP. LXXXIiL

An Act for transferring to the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, the Du-

ties now performed in the Offices of the Auditors of the Land Revenue; and for directr-

ing the Mode of 2ttefting the Accounts of the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s

Forces.—[12th July 1799.]

'l X WHEREAS the three Offices of Auditors of the Land Revenue' are holden under Patents from the

W Crown by Persons who execute the Duties of the fame wholly by Deputy: And whereas it would be

4 conducive to the Publick Service if the Accounts which are now examined and audited in the kid Odices

should, on the Determination of the Interests of the present Grantees of the said Offices, be examined and

4 audited by the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom be it therefore enarted

by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confeut of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That,

from and after the respertive Deaths of William Henry Cooper and Frederick Grey Cooper Esquires, Sons of

Sir Grey Cooper Baronet, Henry Shelly and Thomas johnes Esquires, the present Auditors of the Land

Revenue in England and Wales, the said Offices respertively, and all the Powers, Authorities, Rights, Pri- '

vileges, and Advantages, by the said Patents respertively granted and given to them or to any of their Pre-

deceflors* shall cease and determine, from and after which Time no Fee, Gratuity, Perquisite, or Emo-

lument whatever, shall be received or taken by any Person or Persons whomsoever, employed in making up,

passing, or auditing any Accounts under the Authority of this Art, faveand except the Fees which by the

Authority of this Art are herein-after authorized to be received for the Purposes therein mentioned.

II. Provided always, and be it enarted. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to

extend, to assert the Rights of any Officer or Minister of the Exchequer, other than the said Auditors of the

Land Revenue, or any Person or Persons arting or appointed by or under them; and also except such Vari-

ation with respert to the said Rights as may hereafter be made by Authority of this Art*

and Persons acting under them.

III. And be it further enarted, That, if during the Continuance of the Patent granted to William Henry

Cooper and Frederick Grey Cooper Esquires, a Vacancy shall happen in the Offices of Auditor for Chestery

Derby, Lincoln, and Nottingham, or in the Office of the Auditor for the Principality of Wales, by the

Deaths of the said Auditors for the Counties of Chester, Derby, Lincoln, and Nottingham, and of the Prin-

cipality of Wales respertively, the Duty executed in each of the said Offices shall be performed by and with

the Approbation, and under the Authority and Appointment of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s

Treamry for the Time being, or any three or more of them, by the Persons who shall then be the arting

Deputies in the respertive Departments, subject to such an Allotment of the Fees and Emoluments of Of-

fice, and under such other Regulations as the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall think fit to dirert, and

the Surplus of such Fees shall be carried to the Consolidated Fund*

From the re-

spective Deaths

of the present

Auditors of the

Land Revenue,

theirOfftces shall

cease, and no Fee

be afterwards

taken, except

as herein au-

thorized.

Act shall not af-

fest any Officer

of the Exche-

quer, except the

laid Auditors

If during the

Patent to MciT.

Cooper, a Va-

cancy shall hap-

pen in the Office

of Auditor for

Chester, fee. or

Wales, the Duty

shall be per-

formed by the

Deputies, sub-

}cft to the Re-'

£ulations of the Treasury.

On the Deter-

mination of the

Interest of the

Grantees, the

Accounts here-

tofore examined

in their Offices

shall be exa-

mined by the

Commissioners

appointed under

a$Ctx>. 3. c. 52.

IV. 4 And, in order more effertually to provide, on the Abolition of any of the said Offices by virtue of

4 this Art, upon the Determination of the Interestof the said^Grantees, for the Examination of the several

4 Accounts heretofore examined, tried, and audited, in the respertive Offices of the Auditors of the Land

4 Revenue in England and Wales, with as little Expence as may be consistent with the Publick Interest,’ be

it further enarted. That all and every the Accounts heretofore examined, tried, and audited, by or in the

Offices of the several Auditors of the Land Revenue of the Crown in England and Wales, or in either of

them, shall, from and after the Determination of the respertive Interests of each of the said Grantees re-

spectively, be examined, tried, and audited, by the Commissioners for examining and auditing the Publick

Accounts of the Kingdom, appointed under the Authority of 3n Art of the twenty-fifth Year of his present

Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better examining and auditing the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom, who

shall be, and they are hereby inverted with all the lame Powers and Authorities, for the examining, trying,

and auditing the several Accounts hereinbefore mentioned, as are now veiled in them by virtue of the said

Art of the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, for the examining, trying, and auditing the Publiclc

Accounts of the Kingdom, or as are now verted in the said respertive Grantees by any Law, Usage, or

Custom; and the said Commissioners shall also be, and they are hereby inverted with all the Powers and

13 Authorities,

