A

THE

t1 3

STATUTES at Large, ©V.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. tricesimo nono & quadragesimo.

4 AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the twelfth Day of July Anno Domini one thou-

4 sand seven hundred and ninety-six, in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord

4 A. V GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain^ France, and Ireland;King,

4 Defender of the Faith, &V.

4 And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, and by Proclamation, to the twenty-fourth Day

4 of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; being tht fourth Session of the eighteenth

4 Parliament of Great Britain.*

CAP. I.

m

An Act for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of an additional Number of Vo- [$« M *44-

lunteers from the Militia, under certain Restrictions.—[3th October 1799.]

' / t # . jut ant Serjeant*

^ \ Majors, and* Serjeants disembodied in eonftqueace of this Act, J

«

WHEREAS the great Inoreafe of the Regular Army, by the Volunteers from the Militia of this

Kingdom, under an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, has enabled his Majesty to env-

4 ploy a very considerable Force with a View to the Rc-establishment of the Independence and lawful Go-

4 vernment of the United Provinces: And whereas the Success which has already attended his Majesty’s

4 Arms, in the Employment of such Force, has greatly contributed to encrease the Security of his Ma*

4 jesty’s Dominions; and it is thereby become expedient to disembody, dismiss, or reduce a certain Pro-

portionof the Militia Forces existing in this Kingdom, aririjo enable his Majesty to accept the Services

4 of such of them as may voluntarily offer to engage in his Majesty’s Regular Forces, under certain Pro-

4 visions and Restrictions, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War :* May it therefore please your Majesty

that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, inti-

tuled, An Act for the Reduction of the Militia Forced at the Time and in the Manner therein limited\ for in-

abliag his Majesty more ejfequally to encrease his Regular Forces for the vigorous Prosecution of the Wary and

for amending the Laws relating to the Militia, as limits the Number of Private Militia Men to be discharged

or disembodied from the Militia of the several Counties, Ridings, and Places, in that Act mentioned, to one

Fourth of the Number of Men required by the said Act to be raised in the said several Counties, Ridings,

and Places, shall, from and after the passing this Act, be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II- And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by any Order signified by his Ma-

jesty’9 Secretary of State, to direct any such or so many of the Regiments named and appointed under the

said Act of the last Session of Parliament, or any such other Regiments of the Line as his Majesty (hair

name and appoint, to receive' Volunteers from the Militia, as his Majesty shall fee fit, or any Regiment of

his Majesty’s Foot Guards, or the Royal Corps of Artillery, to receive Volunteers from the Militia under

this Act out of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia named in any such Order; and it shall be

lawful for any Private Militia Man to enlist under this Act, in the Manner, and subject to the Regulations

herein-after mentioned, into any such Regiment of the Line of his Majesty’s Regular Forces, or into any

39 & 40 Geo. III. Mm such

So much of 34

Geo. 3. c. 106,

as limits the

Number Of

Men to be dif-

charged from

the Militia, re*

pealecj.

Militia Men

may enlilt in

certain Regt*

ments.

~

C,

