A. D. 1800.

Anno 39* & 40* Georgii III.

C. 32*

309

thirty-ninth Year of his Majesty’s Reign aforesaid, and by the said Act required, to entitle any person

therein mentioned to be exempt from being liable to serve personally, or to provide a Substitute in any

Militia.

IV. Provided always* and be it further enacted* That every Person claiming to be exempt by virtue of

this Act, of and from the said Duty upon Hair Powder Certificates, shall, in lieu and instead of delivering,

or causing to be delivered, an Account of his Name and Place of Abode in the Manner required by the said

Act of the thirty-fifth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, deliver or cause to be delivered a Certificate in the Form

in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (A), in like Manner in every Respect as is required with respect

to the making of the Entries required to be made in pursuance of the said Act; and the proper Officer

appointed to 1 flue Certificates under the said last recited Act shall thereupon issue a Receipt for such Certi-

ficate mads out in the Name of stich Officer, which Receipt shall be in the Form in the Schedule to this Act

annexed marked (B).

V. c And whereas Doubts havearifen whether Officers holding Commissions !n his Majesty's Navy un-

c der the Rank of Commander, employed on the Establishment of the Royal Hospital at Greemuich, are

4 exempt from the Duty granted by the said recited Act :* Be it therefore enacted. That nothing in the

said Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the Duty by the said recited

Act imposed, any Officer holding a Commission in his Majesty’s Navy under the Rank of Commander,

who shall be employed on the EstablKhment of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich.

VI. And be it further enacted. That from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred,

every Person serving in any Volunteer Corps of Cavalry, and who shall use any Horse, Mare, or Gelding

for such Service, and every Person furnishing any Horse, Mare, or Gelding* for any Persons serving in

any such Corps as aforesaid, who shall respectively claim to be exempt from the Payment of the Duties

granted by an Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An Act

Jor repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Hoifes, Mules, and Dogs, and for granting to his

MajtJly other Duties in lieu thereof, in respect of any such Horie, shall, between the fifth Day o? April and the

thirtieth Day of May in every Year, deliver or cause to be delivered by every Person for whom any such

Horse shall be furnifced as aforesaid, a Certificate in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked

(A), at one of the respective Offices in the said last recited Act mentioned, or to the Surveyor, Inspector,

or other Person appointed by the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes to receive Lifts under the said

recited Act as the fame may require; and every such Person, upon the Delivery of such Certificate, shall

be entitled to receive, and (nail receive from the Surveyor, Inspector, or other Person aforesaid, to whom

such Certificate shall be delivered in pursuance of this Act, a Receipt in the Form in the Schedule to this

Act annexed marked (B); and every person claiming to be exempt from the said Duty shall be charged

and chargeable to the Duties by the said recited Act granted for every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, so used

or furnished as aforesaid, in respect whereof such Certificate as aforesaid shall not have been delivered pur-

suant to the Provisions of this Act; any Thing in any Act so the Contrary thereof notwithstanding.

SCHEDULE.

(A.)

FORM OF CERTIFICATE.

T Commanding Officer of the ^ do hereby certify, in pursuance

of an Act passed in the fortieth Year ofihe Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An Act [here fetforth '

the Title of this Act,] That the Muster Rolls, Certificates, and Returns, of the said Corps (or Association)

required by an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for exemptingr,

during the present War, Persons serving in Volunteer Corps and AJJociatidm from being ballotted for the Mi~

litia, under certain Conditions, have been duly delivered and returned according to the Regulations of the

said Act; and that the said Corps (or Association) hath, in the Course of the three Months immediately

preceding the Date hereof, been inspedted by General (or Field) Officer in his

iMajesty’s Service, [or hath not been inspedted by any General (or Field) .Officer, but is ready and willing

to be inspedted,] and that A. B. is inrolled and serving in the said Corps, (or Association,) and hath, since

the Date of his Inrollment, duly attended at the Exercise of the said Corps, (or Association,) unless pre-

vented by Sickness, or by such other sufficient Reason as hath been duly allowed by me, or by the Com-

manding Officer of the said Corps, (or Association,) for the Time being.

(Signed) ;

v Commanding Officer.

Dated the Day of

FORM

