A.D. 1800

Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III.

€.62,63. 353

CAP. LXII.

An Act to allow, for nine Months after the passing of the Act, the Use of Sugar in the

brewing of Beer. [30th June 1800.]

4 WHRREAS by several Acts now in force, Common Brewers or Retailers of Beer or Ale are pro-

hibited from using Sugar in the brewing or making of Beer or Ale: And whereas it is expedient to

4 allow the Use of Sugar in the brewing or making of Beer or Ale for a limited Time:’ Be it therefore

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame, That for the Space of nine Months, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be law- Common

ful to and for any such Common Brewer or Retailer of Beer or Ale, to make use of Sugar in the brewing

or making of any Guile, or brewing of Beer, Ale, or Worts; any Thing in any Act Or Acts of Parlia- may^for nine

ment contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding. Months, make

. use of Sugar in brewing.

II. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed But shall not be

to extend, to allow any Common Brewer or Retailer of Beer or Ale to make use of any Melasses in the allowed^to

brewing or making of Beer or Ale; or any Sugar, except in the State in which the fame shall have been Mcl^cs^or

imported into this Kingdom, and without the fame having been previously diluted with Water dr other any Sugar, ex-

Liquor, or undergone any Process or Manufacture to alter the fame: Provided also, That no such Brewer cept in the

or Retailer, or Brewers or Retailers, shall be at Liberty, or be allowed or permitted to make use of any State in which

Sugar'in the brewing or making of Beer, Ale, or Worts, unless he, she, or they shall have given to the ,tiS Sported:

. Officer of Excise, under whose Survey he, she, or they {ha'll then be, twenty-four Hours previous Notice Nor unless 24

of his, her, or their Intention so to make use of such Sugar, and specifying in such Notice the exact Hour be°g”cn

and Time of his, her, or their beginning to brew or make such Guile, or brewing of Beer, Ale, or Worts, fcxeife Officerr

-v and the Weight of the Sugar to be^made use of in the brewing or making of such Guile. of the Time of

' a Brewing, and

./ the Weight of Sugar to be gfed.

III. And belt further enacted, That if any Common Brewer or Retailer of Beer or Ale shall, after the if any Comrao*

passing of this Act, make use of any Melasses, Sugar, Honey, Syrup, Composition, or Extract of Sugar, Brew«v&c.

except Brown or Muscovado Sugar made use of in the Manner herein-before allowed, or if any Common ^t^en°fan'

Brewer shall receive, or take into his, her or their Custody or Possession, any Quantity of Melasses, Honey, brown or Muf-

Syrup, Composition, or Extract of Sugar, exceeding ten Pounds Weight, every such Brewer and Retailer covado Sugar,

shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence respectively the Sum of two hundred rounds. ' or take into hi*

Possefiioa more

than lolb. of Melasses, Honey, &c. lie shall forfeit tool.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by this^ Act, shall be Penalties and

sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeitures how

Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action ’*°

of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the 1 pp ’

Couft of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty r or For- -

feiture,*shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall

’ inform, discovef, or sue for the same.

CAP. LXIIJ.

An Act for repealing Part of the Duties and Drawbacks of Customs on Kid Skins im-

ported, and the Exemption of imported Kid Skins from Excise Duty, on being

dressed in Great Britain. [30th June 1800.]

4 WHF.REASby an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reigfi of his present Majesty, 37 Geo. 3. c. 13.

among other Things, for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excite, and granting other

Duties in lieu thereof, certain Duties of Customs and Excise are imposed for and in respect of Kid Skins

in the Hair imported into or tawed in Great Britain, except such Kid Skins as paid the full Duty on the

4 Importation thereof; and by the said Act a certain Drawback of the said Duty of Customs is directed to

4 be paid and allowed on the Exportation of such Kid Skins imported: And whereas it is expedient to re-

4 peal a Part of the said Duty of Customs and a certain Part of the said Drawback, and to repeal the Ex-

4 eruption of the Duties of Excise on the said Kid Skins;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod Ex

cellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and 'Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and alter the From Aug. r,

first Day of August one thousand eight hundred, eight Shillings and four Pence, Part 0i the said Duty of i*oc, 8s. 4d.*

Customs imposed by the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, together Part of the

with the Surn of two Shillings and nine Pence, Part of the said Drawback of Customs granted or allowed of

by the said Act, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and except in all Cafes Skins°2npoftd

relating to the recovering, paying, or allowing any Arrears thereof, which may at that Time remain un- by 27 Geo. 3.

39 & 40 GEO. III. Zz ■> paid, c. 13. and 25.

9<1. part ot thf

