A. t>. 1800. Anno 39* & 40° Georgii III. C. 97. 449

Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, in Right of any such original Subscriber or Subscribers,

become Proprietors of or interested in any Part or Share of the Joint Capital Stock or Fund herein-after

mentioned, shall be one distinct and separate Body Politick and Corporate, in Deed and in Name, by the

Name and Style of Tire London Company for the Alanufaciure rf Floury Aden I, and Bread, and by the Jaine

Name they shall have Succefiion, and a Common Seal, and that they and their SucceiTbrs may from Time

to Time break, alter, make new, or change such Common Seal, as shall he found expedient; 2nd that

such Corporation (tall be able and capable in Law to have, purchase, receive, take, and enjoy Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, of’what Kind, Nature, or Quality soever, not exceeding the annual

Value of two thousand Pounds, above all Charges and Reprizes, (or the Use of the said IviaiUiLblory,

without Licence to hold cr enjoy the fame in Mortmain, and that such Corporation may grant, fell, rie-

mise, aliets or dispose of such Lands, Tenements," or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, at tb.cir free

Will and Pleasure ; and in their Corporate Name shall and may sue and implead, and may be find and

impleaded, aufiver and be answered, in all or any Courts of Record, and Places of Judicature within this

Kingdom, in all Csufes and Actions whatibever, for, touching, or concerning the said Corporation, or the

Manufactory to be by them carried on as aforesaid.

44 Company may raise not exceeding 120,cool, to be divided into 4?co Shares, or Shares of 25]. each,

44 which shall be deen ed Personal Lftate. [.SW pc/K § 23.] No Proprietor or Joint Proprietor shall

44 hold more than 40 Share? ; and if Persons becoming pollelTcd ofmore do not dispose of the fame in fix

44 Months, tire Managers may fell them by Publick Auction, for the Benefit of the Petfons entitled. § 2.

44 Proprietors to have V'ote* in proportion to their Shares, viz.-a Proprietor of four and less than ten Shares,

44 one Vote—often and less than twenty, two—of twenty and less than forty, three —of forty Shares

44 four Votes. No Proprietor to vote who has not four Shares. § 3. All Matters shall be determined by a

44 Majority of Votes; Chairman on an equal Division to have the catting Vote. § 4. Of Joint Proprie-

44 tors he whole Name Pnall (land full in the Books of the Company shall be entitled to vote. § 5. Nx*

44 Person shall vote on any Ala iter in which he is interested. § 6. A General Meeting shall be held within

44 one Adonth after passing the Act, at which twelve Managers, being each Proprietors of twenty

44 Shares, shall be cholcn, who shall continue in Office four Years, and then one third quit by Ballot, among

44 themselv^s; no PerIon, so quitting, shall be eligible again till a Year afterwards. $7. An annual Ge-

44 neral Meeting shall be held in April or May, of which one of the Managers shall be Chairman. The

44 Meeting may adjourn, &c. and shall elect Managers to supply Vacancies. § 3. Special Meetings

44 may be called by the ATanagers: or on the Requisition of nine Proprietors, being together holders of

c< two hundred Shares. § 9. Three Managers shall constitute a Meeting; a Chairman shall be ele&cd.

44 All Matters shall be determined by the Alajority. Chairman to have the catting Vote. If three shall

44 not attend, the Meeting shall be adjourned to that Day Sevennight. § 10. Managers empowered to

44 manage all the Affairs of the Company. Treasurer shall not ittuc Money without a fgned Order by the

44 Chairman and one Manager. §11. Meetings of Proprietors may remove Man^geis, and make Bye

44 Laws. § 12. General Meeting, or the Aianagers, may make Calls for Money, by 5I. per Share. Such

44 Calls to be at three Months from each other. § 13. Proprietors neglecting to pay- Calls for three

44 Months shall forfeit their Shares. No Advantage to be taken of such Forfeiture, until after Personal

•c Notice to the Owner, nor unless declared to be forfeited at the next Meeting afterwards. § 14. Exe-

44 cutors, &c. may pay Calls. § 15.”

Their Style

and Pqwu5#

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Dividend or Dividends of the Profits, of the Not more than

said Undertaking shall be made or taken by the said Proprietors exceeding in the Whole ten Pounds per *°^P"Cont*

Centum per Annum on tire Amount of the Sums which shall have been contributed for raising the Capital or by^he*

Joint Stock of the said Company, hereby authorized to be raised ; and in case any Profits shall be made by proprietors.

Means of the said Manufacture beyond the Amount of ten Pounds ter Centum per Annum on the surplus shall

said Capital or Joint StCck, the fame shall be applied to such Purposes anu in such Manner as Parliament applied as Par-

shall direct. liament shall

* dire£>.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Managers of the said Company shall ManagcrsfluU

yearly, within ten Days after the twenty-fifth Day of March, if Parliament shall be then fitting, or as soon yearly lay be-

after as Parliament shall fit, lay or caule to be laid before each House of Parliament a true Account of the fore Parliament

Receipt and Application of all Monies received and applied by the said Company, and of the Quantities ^jC0c°unts otivcc|

of Wheat or other Grain bought on each Day when Purchases shall have been made, and the Prices an^paid^Corn

paid for the fame, shewing also the Quantities in store, both of Grain, and of Flour and Adeal, on the bought and in

first Day of each Alonth throughout the Year* ending the thirty-first Day of December preceding; and store, and the

also the Quantities of Flour and Bread manufactured by the said Company in each Month within the said 0H3ntily ot

preceding Year, and of the Debts and Credits of the said Company on ti e said thirty*first Day of De~ ^ufa^uted

cember preceding, and the Names of the Members of the said Company, and the Number of Shares held jvionthiy, '

by each.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company to manufacture and fell

in every Year, commencing Irom the first Day of 'January, any Quantity of Flour or Meal not exceed- "* ^ ^jjC'

ing one hundred and twenty thousand Sacks of two hundred and eighty Pounds Weight Avoirdupois each; no,000 Sacks

and it shall be lawful for them to make Weekly, any Quantity of Flour or Meal into Bread, not ex- of t louror Meal

ceeding two hundred Sacks of the like Weight, and to (ell the fame: Provided always, That it shall not yearly, and may

be lawful for the said Company, by themselves or their Agents, to fell any Quantity or Quantities of Wheat,

exceeding in the Whole the Quantity of one thousand Quarters, in any one Week. weekly? but

may not fell more than jcoo Quarters of Wheat in cr.e Week*

39 & 40 Geo. III^ 3 M XIX. And

