A.D. *799* Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 13. 31

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed

to extend to charge the Stock or Fund of any Friendly Society established under or by virtue of an Act of Friendly SoT

passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Aff for the Encourage- cietieteftahUW-

meat and Relief of Friendly Societies. ed under 33 c«o. j. c. 54.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Corporation, Fraternity, or Society ofPersons Nor Corpora-

established for charitable Purposes only, shall be chargeable under this Act, in respect of the Income of such *“

Corporation, Fraternity, or Society. charitable Pu^of« only.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That no Annual Officer presiding over any Corporation or Nor any annual

Royal Burgh shall be chargeable by virtue of this Act in respect of the Income derived from his Salary and p«<idingOffictr

Emoluments in respea of iSch Office. , for to

VII. Provided also, and be it further ena^ed. That no Rector or Vicar shall be charged in respect of any Re€H»rs,&c.n>t

Stipend paid to a Curate, such Rector or Vicar being usually resident, and ordinarily doing Duty in some c£a.^2!bte

Parish of which he is Rector or Vicar, or having some other legal Excuse for not reading on such Rectory sjJ^*,Rltcs

or Vicarage.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That no Person who shall, on or after the passing of this Persons re(M-_

Act, actually be in Great Britain for tfome temporary Purpose only, and not with any View or Intent

of establifhipg his or her Residence therein, shall be chargeable with the Duties imposed by this Act as a Britain) not to

Person actually residing in Great Britain, but shall be chargeable nevertheless with any Duties to which be charged un-

such Person might, on or after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, be der thkAH, bat

chargeable by virtue of the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, if this Act had voder 38 Geo.

jiot been made; and the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, and all the Provisions

therein contained, shall be in full Force, with respect to such Person, as if this Act had not been made.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the Income of any Person, being in Great Britain If the income of

for such temporary Purpose only, or any Part thereof, shall be charged under the said recited Act, and also Person* bo

under this Act, it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, or for

hearing and determining Appeals under this Act. on Proof upon Oath of a double Charge, to make such Ded^&ion

Deduction on Account thereof, as to the said respective Commissioners shall seem just and proper. may be made oh

Account of such double Charge.

X. And be it further enacted. That anySubjectof his Majesty, whose ordinary Residence shall have* Person* ecca*

been in Great Britain, and who shall have departed from Great Britain and gone into any Parts beyond £,on*My absent

the Seas for the Purpose only of occasional Residence at the Time of the Execution of this Act, shall be BhSin/at the

deemed, notwithstanding such temporary Absence, a Person chargeable in respect of his or her Income, Time of the

as a Person actually residing in Great Britain, and shall be afieffed and charged accordingly (in the Manner Execution of

herein-after directed) upon the whole Amount of his or her Income, whether the fame shall arise frotfi thisAlt,fhaiibe

Property in Great Britain or elsewhere, or from any Profession, Office, Pension, Stipend, Employment, tw*Aa^onthe

Tfade, or Voration, in Great Britain or elsewhere, whole of their income. [&. § 38,' J9. 7 j. 88.J

XI. And be it further enacted. That the respective Persons authorized or appointed to be Commissioners

for executing and acting in the Execution of the Acts relative to the Duties on Houses, Windows, or

Lights, or other the Duties placed under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes,

ibali from Time to Time cause Lifts to be made of Rich Persons who are or shall be named or described

in or by any Act or Acts, passed or to be passed in the present or any future Parliament, to act as Com*

miffi oners of Land Tax or Supply, or other the Duties aforesaid, within their County, Riding, Shire,

Stewartry, or Place, and who mail be qualified as by this Act is required, and ten other Persons at the

least, also so qpalified, for each Division of such County or Riding, and for each City, Borough, Town,

or Place in England, for which Commissioners are or shall be separately named in such Act or Acts, or for

each Shire, Stewartry, or Place in Scotland, if so many Persons can be found qualified as by this Act is

required* or so many as can be found so qualified therein respectively; for which Purpose the said acting

Commissioners, or any two of them* acting for any Division of any County or Riding, or any City,

Borough, Town, or Place in England, or (or any Shire, Stewartry, or Place in Scotland, who shall re-

ceive Notice of this Act, shall appoint a Day and Time (or holding the first Meeting for the Purpose of

making out such Lifts as aforesaid, containing die Places of Residence respectively of the Persons named

therein to act within their respective Divisions, Cities, Boroughs, Towns, or Places in England, and

Shires, Stewaitries, and Places in Scotland; which Meeting shall be holden within the Space of seven

Days after, any two Commissioners of such Division, City, Borough, Town, or Place in England, Or

Shire, Stewartry, or Place in Scotland, shall be required by any inspector or Surveyor to hold the fame ;

and the said Commissioners present at any Meeting held for the Purposes aforesaid shall make out and

deliver such Lifts, signed by the Majority of the Commissioners present at such Meeting, to the Clerk of

such Commissioners, who shall forthwith transmit the fame to the Commissioners fcr'the Affairs of Taxes;

Who shall (in respect of Lifts made in England) cause the fame to be laid befofe such Persons who shall

have served, or have been returned upon the Pannek of Jurors to serve, as Jurors upon the Grand Inquest

rfthe County at large, or of the Cky, Borough, Town, or Place, being respectively a County of itself,

at any Assize or Sessions of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, within the Space of four

Years before the passing of this Act, or so many of them as shall be present at any Meeting to be holden

n pmiuaace of the Summons of the Sheriff (or the lame County, City, Borough,* Town, or Place (which

Summonses

The ailing

Commissioners

of the House

Tax, ftc. shall

cause Lifts to be

•made of the

Commissioners

of Land Tax, .

tec, in their

County, Scc.

qualified as di-

rected by this

AQ,[/rt$2 3.3

and ten others,

io qualified in

each Dtvision*

Ac. if so many

can be found;

and shall ap-

point a Day for 1

their first

Meeting, for

such Purpose,

within seven

Days alter being

required by any

Jnfpeltor, Scc.

and shall deli-

ver such Lifts,

signed by them,

to their Clerk,

to transmit to

the Tax Office ;

whfi shall cause

