(Public Local Perfohal)) 39 GEO. Ill* Xiii

the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the seventeenth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. An

A& for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the

Road leading from the eumpike Road, in the Parish of

Ail hall, in toe County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road at

or near Buckland, in the County of Berks. • Page 260

lxxvii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and

from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of three

Acts, passed in the fourth and twenty-fourth Years of the

Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and

in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present

Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the moil

Southern Part of Butt Cane, in the Parish of Lawton, in

the County Palatine of Chester, to Lawton, and from

thence to HenJbalVs Smithy, upon Cranage Green, in

the said County. Ibid.

lxxviii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and

from thence to the End of the then next Sessionof Parlia-

ment, the Term, and altering the Powers, of an Act, made

in the seventeenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign,

for repairing the Road from the Town of Skipton to the

Turnpike Road from Leeds to Ripon, near Okbeck, in the

Township of Bilton with Harrogate, and from thence

to the Road leading from Knarejborbugh to IVetherby,

in the Weft Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

Ixxix. An Act for enabling William Stephen Poyntz Esquire,

and the Honourable Elizabeth Alary his Wife, to charge

the Estates late of the Right Honourable George Samuel

Lord Viscount Montague aeceased, in the County of Sussex,

with a competent Sum of Money for improving the same,

and for other Purposes. Ibid.

kotx. An Act for confirming and rendering effectual a Par-

tition and Division between the late Honourable Penn

Aslheton Curzon deceased, and the Right Honourable

Thomas Lord Ribblesdale, (then Thomas Lifter Esquire,)

of the Redtory of Whalley, and of the Chapels, Glebe

Lands, Messuages, Tenements, Tythes, Obventions,

Profits, and Hereditaments thereto belonging, now held

under a Lease from the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury,

and for that Purpose to enable the said Lord Archbishop

and his Successors, at all Times hereafter, to grant the said

Rediory and Premises by two several Leases, according to

the said Partition and Division. Ibid.

lxxxi. An Act for vesting a Piece of Ground and Heredita-

ments in the Parish of Saint Mary Woohioth, in the City

of London, belonging to the Parish of Saint Mary le Bow,

in Abraham Robarts, William Curtis, Ellis kvere, and

Charles Hornyold, of the said City of London, Bankers

and Copartners, in Fee Simple, upon Payment of the

Sum of one thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds,

upon Trust, to be applied in the Manner therein men-

tioned, for the Support of a Lecturer, and for better re-

gulating the Appointment of the said Ledturer. Ibid.

lxxxii. An Act to amend an Act, made in the eighteenth Year

of the Reign of His present Majesty, for erecting a

Building for holding the Courts, and exercising the Ju-

rifdiction, of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate

Church of Saint Peter, in Westminster, and for holding

the Quarter Sdfions of the Peace, and transadiing the

other Publick Business of the said City and Liberty. Ibid.

lxxxiii. An Act for enabling His Majesty to incorporate, by

Charter, a Company to be called The Globe Injur ance

Company, for Insurance on Lives, and against Loss or

Damage by Fire, and for other Purposes therein men-

tioned. 261

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno Regnt 39 Georgii III*

1. Act for dividing,allotting, and inclosingthe Whole

Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack

Lands, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish

of Shropbam, in the County of Norfolk.

2. An Act to enable Thomas full of Ash, next Sandwich, in

the County of Kent, Esquire, and his lliiie, to assume and

take the Surname of Godfrey only, and to bear the Arms

and Crests of the Godfreys, pursuant to the Directions con-

tained in a Codicil to the Will of Thomas Godfrey, late of

London* Merchant, deceased.

3. An Act for naturalizing Charles Frederick Hennings.

4. An Act for naturalizing John Roger Tefchemacher.

5. An Act for naturalizing Hermenegild Augustus Maria

Caftellain•

6. An Act for naturalizing John Alexander Martin.

7. An Act for naturalizing John Everard Hey man*

8. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Schick.

9. An Act for naturalizing John Lawrence Gries.

10. An Act for naturalizing Adolphus Kent.

11. An Act for naturalizing Johann George IVicke.

12. An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Edward Jervis

Ricketts Esquire, with the Honourable CaJJ'andra Twiflctonr

and to enable him to marry again j and lor other Purposes

therein mentioned.

13. An Act for naturalizing Pierre Jacques Papillon and-

Pierre Francois Papillon.

14. An Act for naturalizing George Chrjftcpher Moller.

15. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open,

and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands,

and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of MoLsworth, in the

County of Huntingdon.

16. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Com-

mons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Rack-

heath, in the County of Norfolk.

17. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Waste Lands,

and Open and Common Fields, within the Parishes of

Leintwardine, Burrington, Downton, Act on, and Elton, in

the County of Hereford.

18. An Act for dividing and allotting several Open and

Common Lands and Grounds, within the Tithing of

Oare, in the Parishes of JVilcot and Huish, in the County

of Wilts.

19. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other

Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Re-

rnenham, in the County of Berks.

20. An Act for confirming and establishing a Division and

Inclosureof the Open and Common F ields and Pastures,’

within the Manors or Lordships of Nether Seal and Over

Seal, in the Parish of Nether Seal, in the Counties of

Leicester and Derby, or one of them, and certain Ex-

changes of Lands and Estates within the said Parish.

21. An Act to difloive the Marriage of William Williams-

with Alary Charlotte his now Wife, late Alary Charlotte

Willis, and to enable him to marry again; and for other

Purposes therein mentioned.

22. An Act for naturalizing Godfrey Bitterman*

23. An Act for naturalizing Salomon Lange.

24. An Act for naturalizing Christian John Adam Withe.

25. An Act for naturalizing George Bong.

26. An Act for >uuralizing fohn Philip Marindin.

27. An Act for naturalizing JJ?n De Luc.

28. An Act for naturalizing J /Ln Eliza Cafar Audra*

29. An Act for naturalizing Adrien Charles Papillon.

30* An Act for naturalizing Lor cats Braun.

31. An

