464 C.io2—105. Anno 39* & 46° Georgii III. A. D. r’800.

CAP. CII.

An A&for railing the Sum-of three millions five.hundred thottfand Pounds by Loans or Exchequer Bills*

for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred. [z€th July 1800.]

44 Tn afury may raise 3,^00,000 /.by Loans^and Exchequer Ifclls, [before Jan. 5, 1801.] as under theMalt

44 Act of this Semon. § 1, 2. Exchequer Uills so issued not to be received again in Payment of any Taxes;

44 nor exchanged before April 5, 1801. §3. Principal and Interest, with Charges, to he repaid out of the

44 fir if Supplies to be granted in the next Session. § 4. Bank of England authorized to advance the said Sum

44 on the Credit of this Act. § 5.”

cap. cm.

-An Act for raising the Sum of three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand eight hundred. ,[a8th July 1800.]

[Under the feme Terms exactly as in Cap. 102.]

CAP. CIV.

An Act for raising the further Sum of three Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the

Year one thousand eight hundred. [28th July 1800.]

[Under the fame Terms as in Caps. 102, 103. only that no Time is limited before which the Sum ft to be

tailed.]

CAP. CV.

/

An Act for the better regulating the Practice, and for preventing Delays in the Proceed-

ings of the Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster. [28th July i8co.]

WHEREAS many Delays and Difficulties exist in the Practice of the Court of Common Pleas at

Lancaster, in and for the County Palatine of Lancaster, by reason that the Commencement and

Continuance of Suits and Proceedings in the said Court have relation to the Times of the Telle of the

original Writs whereupon such Suits and Proceedings are grounded, and to the Assizes at which such

Writs are returnable, and at or of which such Suits and Proceedings are inrolled or recorded, and also by

reason of the Want of more frequent Days of Return of Writs of Inquiry of Damages and Scire facias,

and of judicial Process, issuing out of the fame Court J for Remedy whereof, may it pleale ycur

Majesty that it may be ena£kd ; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of tthe Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-

fembied, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may

be lawful to and for any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants relnedively, in any personal Suit

or Action, or in any Action of Trespafs and Ejectment hereafter to be depending in the said Court, to

declare upon, plead, and give Evidence of any Cause or causes of Action, or any Matter or Thing, Mat-

ters or Things, in Bar or Prcclufion of any such Suit or Action, or any other Matters or Things whatfo-

ever, provided the fame shall have accrued or happened, or (hull hereafter accrue or happen, prior to the

Day of the actual signing and issuing of the Writ of Capias ad rejpondendum, or other Process, mft actually

issued forth in such personal Suit or Action, or prior to the Day of the actual serving of any Declaration or

Declarations in any such Action of Trespals and Ejedment, notwithstanding such Cause or causes of Ac-

tion, Matters or Things, shall or may not have accrued prior to the Teftc and Return of the original

Writ or Writs whereupon or whereby such Suit or Action is or shall be, either really or by Fidioo of

Law, grounded or warranted, or prior to the Assizes or Time wherein or whereof such Declaration or

Declarations is or are, or shall or may be filed and recorded; and that no Advantage shall be taken by

Reason of any such Cause or causes of - Action, Matters or Things as aforesaid, having accrued or being

Hated to have accrued subsequent to the Telle and Return of such Original Writ or Writs, or subsequent

to the Assizes or other the l ime lall above mentioned, or any of them, by or upon Demand of Oyer of

any original Writ, Plea in Abatement, Demurrer to any Pleading or Pleadings, Demurrer to Evidence^

Bill of Exceptions, Writ of Errqr, or any other Process or Proceedings whatsoever.

No Advantage shall be taken by reason of any Action having accrued fub>

Plaintiffs or

Defendants

may plead and

give Evidence

of any Cause of

Atfion, cr any

Thing in Bar of

any Suit, pro-

vided the fame

shall happen

prior to the if-

suing of the

Writ of Capias

ad respondtn-

d#m, Sec. or

piior to the

Day of actual

Service of any

Declaration in

Fjedtment

notwithstand-

ing the Cause

of Action shall

not have accrued pr or to the Tcfle and Return of the original Writ, Sec.

fcquent to such Telle and Return, Sec.

rrocefi issuing

out of Court

may be return-

able according

to the present

Practice, or on

any of the Re-

turn Days in

Easter and

Michaelmas

Term?, ac-

ceding to the

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, any Writ or Writs of In-

quiry of Damages, Scire facias, and any judicial or other Process whatsoever hereafter to be issued forth and

out of the fame Court in any Action or Suit hereafter to be depending in the said Court, (except such Pro-

cess as may, according to the present Courle and Practice of the said Court, be made returnable on the

first JVednefday of any Month,) shall and may be awarded, made, and issued forth returnable either upon or

at the several Days and Times whereupon the fame may now be made returnable respectively, according te

the present Courle and Practice of the said Court, or returnable on any of the Return Days in Eajier and

Michaelmas Terms respectively, according to the Course of his Majesty’s Court of Common Pleas at

Westminster\ and that such Writs may be proceeded upon, and Judgment entered, and Execution iflTucd

thereon,

