A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III." C.15. 56*1

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within that Part of Great Britain called TheOreri«rt

England, the respective Overseers of the Poor, or in Default thereof, some substantial Householder of every House-

Parish, Township, and Place, and within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, such Persons as shall holder) of every

be for that Purpose appointed by the Sheriff' Deputes, Stewart Deputes, and JufVccs of the Peace, to Parish, &c. in

in and for every Parish, shall, at the Time and in the Manner herein-afeer directed, severally take an Ac- England, and

count of the Number of Persons who shall be actually found at the Time of taking such Accounts to ^i-fons *P-

be within the Limits of such Parishes, Townships, and Places respectively, and shall set down sheriffDepim^

the several Particulars respecting the fame, according to the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to &c in scoibnoj

this Act* shall take an

Account of the Nurnfcer of Persons in each Parish and Place, according ro the Fo.in in Schedule* No. i,

II. 1 And for the more speedy and effectual obtaining of such Accounts/ be it further enacted that afuf- Copies cf th?

ficient Number of printed Copies of this Act, and the Schedule thereto, shall, so soon as conveniently may

be after the passing of this Act, be transmitted J>y his Majesty’s Printer to the Clerks of the Peace and

Town Clerks of the several and respective Counties, Stewartries, Ridings, Divisions, Precinct?, Sokes, the King*j

Franchises, Liberties, Cities, Boroughs, Towns, and Counties Corporate in Great Britain; and that ihe Printer to the

said several Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks shall, and they are hereby required, with ail convenient Clerks of the

Speed, to cause the said Act to be distributed amongst the acting Justices of the Peace within their respec- To^nTlIrkc i

tive Limits*, and also within that Part of Great Britain called England* to cause a sufficient Number of creat'Br.ta n*11

the Schedule to this Act annexed to be delivered to the High Conibbles, or where there are no High who flnl'l d»-*

Constables, to such other proper Officers who have the Execution of Precepts from Justices of the Peace Anbutethcmto

to inferior Office^ within their respective Limits, at the Epiphany Quarter Sessions of the Peace in the Year the Ju,*:c«»

one thousand eight hundred and one; and within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to cause a fuf-

ficient Number of the said Schedule to be delivered to such Persons and at such Times as are for that Pur- different Per.

pose herein-after mentioned. Tons appointed

for England and Scotland. [At to the latter, fee § 7, &c. J

III. And be it further enacted, That within that Part of Great Britain called England, the High Con- in England tho

(tables or other proper Officers so described as aforesaid, within their respective Jurisdictions aforesaid, shall, Con,i

at the said Epiphany Quarter Sessions of the Peace in the Year one thousand eight hundred and one, pur-

suant to the Directions aforesaid, receive from the Clerks of the Peace or Town Clerks, the said printed Epiphany Sef-

Schedules, and forthwith deliver or cause to be delivered one such Schedule to the Rector, Vicar, Curate, flons v8oi,rev

or other Officiating Minister, and one other such Schedule to one of the Overseers of the Poor of every ceive from the

Parish, Township, or Place, as well within Towns Corporate as without, in their respedbve Limits, and Clerks of the

also one such Schedule to the Oveifeer or Overseers of every Extra-parochial Place within the said Limits; schcdW»%nd^“

and if there shall be no such Overseer therein, then to some one substantial Householder residing within the deliver ere to '

said Parish, Township, or Extra-parochial Place; and thereupon the said Overseers or substantial House- the Minister,

holders as aforesaid, Caking to their Assistance the Churchwardens or Chapelwardcns, Sidefmen, Parish &c. and one to

Clerk, and Vestry Clerk, (if any,) and employing, if they shall think fit, the Constables; Tithingmen, Head-

boroughs, or other Peace Officers, for such ranfhes, Townships, or Places, (such several Persons being parish*C The

hereby required to be aiding and assisting therein for that Purpose,) shall, upon the tenth Day of March in Overfeir, &c. 1

the Year one thousand eight hundred and one, pioceed to take an Account in Writing of the Number of shall, with the

Persons at that Time being within the Limits of such Parishes, Townships, and Places, respectively, and

inform themselves of the several Particulars relating to the Matters foecified in the three first Questions in upon

the said Schedule, by proceeding together or separately from House to House* or otherwise, as they shall March ro, P

judge expedient for the better Execution of this Act, and from such Information shall prepare an A nfwer’. i?or,takean

or Return to the said Questions, according to the Form prescribed in the said Schedule, and shall sign the fame Account ot

with their Names and respe£live Additions, as such Overseers or substantial Householders as aforesaid; and the Nun.ber

the better to enable the said Overseers or substantial Householders as aforesaid, to' make such Answers and

Returns, they, and the Persons so assisting them as aforesaid, are hereby authorized and empowered to ask and inform

all such Questions of the Persons within the said Parish, Township, or Place, respc£ting ihemselves and m2 thra.f.jvcs cf -

Number and Quality of the Persons conflicting their respective Families, as shall be ncceiliry for Hating certain particu-

the Particulars required to be stated concerning them, in the said Answersand Returns; and every fjjcn ,ar/ ard Pft-

Person refusing to apfwer, or wilfully giving a talfe Answer to such Questions, or any of them, shall, for so QU(rtions$

every such Refusal or f life A nfwer, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor Ids than forty Shillings, according to

at the Discretionof the Justice or Justices before whom Complaint thereof shall be lYiade. the Foim in

the Schedule. Penalty on Persons refusing to Answer, or wilfully giving fade Anfwtrs, 5I. to14c?.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace, or any two or more of them, within

their respective Jurisdictions in England, shall, at, or fofoon as conveniently may be after, the said Epifhary

Quarter Sessions in the Year one thousand eight hundred and one, appoint a Time and Place, or Times

and Places, (which Time shall be i*t sooner than the tenth Day of Jpril, nor later than the thirtieth

Day of rfpril in the Year one thousand eight hundred and one, and may be at the Easter Quarter Session

if they shall think fit,) for the Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes, Townships, and Places, within

their respective Divisions or Limits, or for such substantial Householders as aforesaid, as the Cafe may be, to

attend them for the Purpose of this Act, with Returns and Answers to the said three first Questions stated

in the Schedule to this A& annexed, and cause Notice thereof to be given to such Overseers and House-

holders respectively, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act, and also to the High Constables,

or where there are no High Constables, to such other proper Officers as aforesaid; and thereupon the fan!

Overseers or substantial Householders as aforesaid, or some one of them, in and for every such Parish,

41 Geo. III. 4 C Town-

Justices in

England shall

appoint a

Time ard Pla~c

(between the

10th and 30th

of April i2oi,)

for the Over-

fters, &c. ;o

attend with

Returns and

Answers to

the three first

Question*

Rated in Schc-

