AN

INDEX TO THE STATUTES,

FROM

The Thirty-ninth Year of GEORGE III. to the Forty-first Year of

GEORGE III. (the last Session of the Parliament of Great Britain)

both inclusive.

(O’ This Index is somewhat more detailed than has hitherto been usual: and refers to all the

Publick Acts contained in the Volume as well Local and Personal as Genial.

An Endeavour has been made to show how the various Acts, and their several Sedlions, arc con-

nedled with or bear upon each other: particularly where several Acts have been made on the fame

Sukjedl, as in the Inllance of the Income Alls, and Land Lax Redemption Acts.

All Acts respecting particular Places will be found according to their several Subjedbs by referring

to the following, and other, general Heads, under which the Acts are arranged in Alphabetical order

of the Names of the Places, viz. Bridges, Canals, j&c. Churches, Harbours, &c. Paving,

Poor.—Adis which extend only to London and its environs, or which relate in particular to the

Crtv, will be found under that Head: and those respecting Scotland are as usual clafied under that

general Head, and arranged in Subdivisions according to their several Subjects.

The Road Acts are classed under Title Turnpikes, in Alphabetical Order of the Counties in which the Road begins. The Places at which the Road begins and ends are also stated in distinct Columns for the Purpose of catching the Eye, and facilitating the Mode of Reference. A similar Plan is adopted under Title Inclosures.

All Publick Acts relating to Individuals are arranged in Alphabetical Order of the Names of the Persons, under the general Title Personal Acts.

The Publick Local and Personal Acts are referred to in the Roman Numerals, by which their Series is distinguished in the respective Sessions.

A.

Accounts and Accountants (Publick).

1. AFTER the Deceale of the present Patentees, the Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts

Shall perform the Duties of Aoditors of the Land Revenue,

39 G. 3. c. 83. $ 1 —10.

2. Additional Officers may be appointed with additional Salaries not exceeding 304c/. 39 G. 3. c. 83. $ 10.

3. All Accounts whatever shall be verified by the publick

Accountants on Oath, either before a Baron or Curfitor

.Baron of the Exchequer, or before three or more Coro-

xnissioners, 39 G. 3. c 83. $ 13.

4. Accounts of the Paymaster General shall be verified by the

Accountant General of the Pay Office, 39 G. 3. c. 83. § 14, 15.

5. His Majesty empowered to appoint five Commissionere,

j (the Governor, bsV. of the Place being one) to eAamine the

Accounts of Commissaries in the West Indies, \£c and to

' report to the Commissioners for auditing publick Accounts

in England, 41 Geo. 3. c. 22. § I.

6. Tredlury may appoint Officers and Clerks, 41 Geo. 3.

c. 22. § 2.

7. Commissioners empowered to examine persons, 41 Geo. 3.

’ e. 22. 3. ,

8. Penalty on Witresses refusing to appear; Imprisonment,

41 Geo. 3. c.2z. $4.

9. Penalty of Perjury on false Oath* 41 Geo. 3. c. 11.

§ 5, 6.

41 GEO. III. 4 G 10. Com-

