420 C. 86, 87. Annb 390 & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Expences attending the Execution of this AS, or any other Laws concerning the said Forest, as the Verde-

rers of the said Forest, or any two or more of them, shall, at a Court of Attachments of the said Forest, dire#.

XXVIII. And whereasthere may be in various Parts of the said Forest many small Parcels of Land

4 belonging to or claimed by the Crown, which are intermixed with the Lands of Individuals, and are of

little Value to the Crown for any Purpose of the Forest, and it may conduce to the readier and clearer

4 marking the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of his Majesty’s Subjects within the same,

and to the moreeafy Care of the Rights of the Crown, as well as to the Convenience of his Majesty’s

4 Subjects, if such small Parcels of Land were alienated from the Crown ;* be it therefore enacted, That if

it shall appear to the said Commissioners that any small Parcels within the said Forest, belonging to or claimed

by the Crown, and intermixed with the Lands of Individuals, are not valuable to the Crown for the Purpose

of raising Timber or any other Purpose of the said Forest, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and

they are hereby authorized, to treat, on the Part of the Crown for the Sale of such small Parcels of Land

so intermixed, and to makegood and effectual Conveyances thereof* for such Prices as they shall thinkjuft

and reasonable, such Prices to be applied for defraying the Expences of this Act: Provided always, That

the Land of the Crown so to be sold shall not exceed in Value, in any Instance, the Sum of five hundred

Pounds.

The Commis-

Honrri may

-treat for the

Sale of small

Parcels of Lands

belonging to or

claimed by the

Crown, which

are intermixed

with the Land

of Individuals,

and are not va-

luable for the

Purpose of the

Forest.

Such Land to be

fold shall not

exceed in any Instance the Value of 500I.

The Treasury,

before the Ex-

piration of ten

Year* alter pal-

ling thi> Act,

may contract

for exchanging

any Waste Lands

of the Crown

within the

Forest, for any

other Lands

therein, not

more than two

Miles from such

Waftcs, fit for

the Growth of

Timber, or to

be enclosed for

producing Hay

lor the Deer.

Deeds for such

Exchanges,with

a Map of the

Lands exchang-

ed shall be en-

rolled in the Of-

fice of the Au-

ditor of the

Land Revenue,

dec.

Land of the

Crown to be

exchanged shall

not exceed in

XXIX. And whereas it might also be of mutual Advantage to the Crown and to his Majesty’s Sub-

4 je£ls, if Exchanges of Land to a limited Extent should be permitted between the Crown and Owners of

4 Land within the said Forest,* be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of his

Majesty’s Treasury, at any Time before the Expiration of ten Years after the’passing of this Act, to con-

tract and agree on the Behalf of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with any Person or Persons, Bodies

Politick or Corporate, for granting in Exchange any of the Waste Lands of the Crown within the said.

Forest, for any other Lands within the said Forest, whereof such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Cor-

porate, shall or may be seised in Fee Simple, or absolutely entitled to an Estate of Copyhold, or Custom-

ary or Leasehold Tenure, the Reversion thereof being in the Crown, and not being more than two Miles

distant from the Waste belonging to the Crown, to be given in Exchange, and at the lead of equal Value

to such Lands, and fit and proper for the Growth of Timber, or to be enclosed for the Purpose of pro-

ducing Hay for the Deer, and conveniently situated for those Purposes respectively *, and that ail and every

Exchange and Exchanges so made shall be good, valid, and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes

whatsoever, any Infancy, Coverture, or other Disability in the Parties interested in such Exchange, or any

Law or Statute to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and that all Deeds for such Exchanges, toge-

!;ether with a Malp or Plan of the Lands so exchanged, shall be enrolled in the Office of the Auditor of the

>and Revenue; and that from and after such Inrollment, his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in RightoC

the Crown, shall be deemed and taken to be in the actual and lawful Seisin and Possession of the Lands so

agreed to be taken in Exchange, and that the Party with whom such Agreement of Exchange shall be so

made, shall have, hold, and enjoy the Lands and Premises so given in Exchange, as Lands within the said

Forest, of the fame Tenure as the Land taken in Exchange was before such Exchange, but freed and dif-

charged from any other Right, Title, or Claim of the Crown to the Soil, than such as shall be incident to

the Nature of such Tenure, and from all Common of Pasture, and other Rights of Common: Provided

always. That the Land of the Crown to be exchanged shall not exceed, in any Instance, the Value of five

hundred Pounds; and in order to secure a true and just Price being set on the Lands of the Crown^and of

those of Individuals to be given irr Exchange, the fame shall in every Instance be valued by able and prafticat

Surveyors of Land, on their Oaths, which Oaths may be administered by anyone of hisMaJefty’s Justices

of the Peace in and for the said County of Southampton; and that all such other cautionary Proceedings

shall be had for ascertaining the true Value thereof as are required by an Act, passed in the thirty-fourth

«n instance Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown,

the Value of 500!. All Lands to be exchanged shall be valued by able Land Surveyors on Oath, and all other cautionary Proceeding* ftull be had a*

required by 3;Gco. 3- c. 75.

Publick Act. XXX. And be it further enadkd* That this A£i shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Publick

Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without spe-

cially pleading the same.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations ort the River Thames, and in

its Vicinity; and to amend an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his pre-

sent Majesty, to prevent the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating

Bum Boats, and other Boats upon the River Thames. [a8ch July 1800.]

\X WHEREAS for the more eft'edlual Prevention of Depredations on the Cargoes, Stores, and Mate-

rials of Ships and Vessels lying and being in the River Thames, it may be expedient to effablift

in a convenient Place near the said River, a Publick Office of the Nature of the several Offices commonly

called Polite Offices*, militated underlie Authority of an Act made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign

14 4 #f

