A.D. iSoo. Anno 39° 6c 40® Georgii III. C. 67*

ARTICLES*

SILK MANUFACTURE.—For and upon all Silks being of the Manufacture of Great

Britain, and imported dirc&ly from thence, the following Duties, videlicet.

For and upon all Ribbons and Stuffs of Silk only, for every round Weight thereof contain-

ing sixteen Ounces - -

For and upon all Silk and Ribbons of Silk, mixed with Gold or Silver, for every Pound

Weight thereof containing sixteen Ounces - • -

For and upon all Silk Stockings, Silk Gloves, Silk Fringe, Silk Laces* ditching and sewing

Silk, for every Pound Weight thereof containing sixteen Ounces . -

For and upon all Manufactures of Silk not other wise enumerated or defer ibed, for every

Pound Weight thereof containing sixteen Ounces

For and upon all Stuffs of Silk and Grograni Yarn, the Pound Weight containing sixteen

Ounces - - - -

For and upon all Stuffs of Silk mixed with Incle or Cotton, the Pound Weight containing

sixteen Ounces - - '

For and upon all Stuffs of Silk and Worsted mixed, the Pound Weight containing sixteen

Ounces - ' - - -

For and upon all Stuff3 of Silk mixed with any other Material, the Pound Weight contain-

ing sixteen Ounces - -

£•

i.

9

3

3

6

9

4

64

SPIRITS.—For and upon every Gallon of* Spirits, being of the Manufacture of Great Bri~

tain, and imported from thence, a Duty of -

SUGAR, Refined—of the Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported directly from thence,

the following Duties ; videlicet, '

For and upon all Spgar called Bastards, white or ground, the hundred Weight, containing

112 Pounds - - -

For and upon all Sugar called Lumps, the hundred Weight containing 112 Pounds

For and upon all Sugar called Single Loaf Sugar, the hundred Weight containing ,122

Pounds - - ~ “

For and upon all Sugar called Powder Loaf and Double Loaf, the hundred Weight contain-

ing! 12 Pounds -

For and upon all Sugar called Sugar Candy, brown, the hundred Weight, containing 112

Pounds - - -

Tor and upon all Sugar called Sugar Candy, white, the hundred Weight, containing 112

Pounds - - - -

. For and upon all Sugar refined of any other Sort, the hundred Weight, containing 112

Pounds -

3 7

— 19

1 16 lot

I 19 4

2 2

1 l6 lO

2 2 4

2 2

SWEETS.—For and upon every Barrel, containing thirty-two Gallons Wine Measure,

of British Sweets, or other British Liquor, made by Infusion, Fermentation^ or other wise,

from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit and Sugar mixed with any other Material or Ingre*

. dieots whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or dtftinguished by the Name of

Madeleines, - - /

. For and upon every Gallon of Mead or Metheglin -

For and upon every Barrel, containing thirty-two Gallons, of Vinegar

TOBACCO and SNUFF.—For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of unmanu-

factured Tobacco, of the Growth or Produce of Great Britain, over and above any Duty

of Customs now payable - -

For and upon every Pound Weight of British manufactured Short Cut Tobacco, or To-

bacco manufactured into what is commonly called or known by the Name of Spanish -

For and upon every Pound Weight of British manufactured Shag Tobacco cut

For and upon every Pound Weight of British manufactured Roll Tobacco -

For and upon every Pound Weight of British manufactured Carrot Tobacco

For and upon every Pound Weight of every other Sort of British manufactured Tobacco, not

herein‘before enumerated or described -

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of British manufactured Rappee Snuff -

For and upon every Pound Weight of British manufactured Snuff called Scotch Snuff

For and upon every Pound Weight of British manufactured Snuff called Brown Scotch Snuff

For and upon every Pound Weight of British manufactured Stalk Flour

For and upon every Pound Weight of every other Sort or Kind of British manufactured

Snuff, or Snuff Work* not herein before enumerated or described • ,

-----S

— — ioi-

— » 4

9t

— * 3

-14

39 & 40 Geo* III. 3B SCHEDULE.

