A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III.

C. 13<

S3

Rules, as they might have assessed and charged such Appellant in case he had resided within the City of Appeal tot

London, and had in the first Instance delivered to the said Commercial Commissioners his Statement for that ommerc,a

Purpose.

> the

Commercial

Commissioners

for London.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That the Commercial Commissioners a (Sling within and for the City of ThcCommer-

London and its Vicinity, comprehending the Distri& herein-after described, shall, on or before the fifth Day of c»al Com mi f-

June yearly, during the Term herein mentioned, or as soon after as can be conveniently done, transmit

the Counterparts of all such Certificates as shall have been issued by them to the Cashier of the Governor and

Company of the Bank of England, in order that all Persons, Bodies, Corporations, Companies, Fraterni-

ties, and Societies, assessed by the said Commissioners, may pay, in Manner before directed, their Assesstnents

into the said Bank of England; and the respective Commercial Commissioners acting within or for any City,

Town, or Place herein-after mentioned, or any other City, Town, or Place in Great Britain, for which,

and their respective Vicinities, Commissioners for the said last mentioned Purposes shall be appointed accord-

ing to the Directions of this A&, shall, within the like Period, transmit the Counterparts of all such Cer-

tificates as shall have been issued by them refj>e&ively in England to the Receiver General of the County,

Riding, or Place where such Certificates have been issued, or their respective Deputies, and in Scotland to

the Receiver General there :iand the Cashier of the said Bank of England, and the respective Receivers

General, or their respective Deputies as aforesaid, shall, upon the Receipt of any Sum of Money on Ac-

count of any such Certificate, signed and marked, and numbered or lettered as aforesaid, enter the fame in

a Book to be provided for that Purpose, with the Number and Figure marked in such Certificate set of-

pofite thereto, under the Head of The Account of the Commercial Commissioners acting for the

44 of and its Vicinity.”

(i Oners for Lon*

don and its

Vicinity [Jre \

§110.] shall,

yearly, before

June 5, or as

soon as possible

after, transmit

to the Bank the

Counterparts of

all Certificates

issued by them,'

that the Parties-;

may pay their

Assessm.ntj

there, and the

Commercial

Com rrp fa oners

for other C.ties

Commercial

Commissioners

shall, from

Time to Time,

transmit to the

Tax Office,

Accounts of the

Grots Amount,

of their Assess-

and Distri&s,

f [*% 11 v, i j a.] shall transmit such Counterparts to the respective Receivers General; apd the Bank and Receivers General shall open Accounts with

such Commercial Commissioners as to all Money received on such Certificates. a*. § 16, Sec. and c. 41. § 5.]

CVII. And be it further enacted, That the said respeflive Commercial Commissioners shall from Time Therefp?£jve

to Time transmit to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, the gross Amount of all Assessments

made by them up to the Day of making up such Account; and that when and as soon as such Assessments

shall bt completed in any such Distri&, the said respective Commissioners acting therein shall cause to be

delivered a Schedule or Duplicate on Parchment, under their Hands and Seals fairly written, containing

the whole Sum assessed by the said Commissioners, unto the said respective Receivers General, and shall

transmit, or cause to be transmitted, a like Schedule or Duplicate into the King’s Remembrancer’s Office of

the Exchequer in England and Scotland respectively.

merits; and when such Assessments are completed, shall deliver a Schedule of die whole Amount to the Receivers General, and tra;ifmit a Dupllcat*

thereof into the Exchequer.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Books, Papers, and Writings whatever, belonging to or All such Com-

provided by the said Commercial Commissioners, shall be carefully preserved and kept in their Custody, or

of some or one of them, or in such Manner as they shall think confident with the Secrecy to be observed in s£e £pt in

the Custody thereof. their Custody, or as they shall think most confident with Secrecy,

Ten Days be-

fore each In-

ftalment, the

Bank and Re-

ceivers General

shall transmit to

th: rtfpettive

Commercial

Commissioners

an Account of

Sums paid and

remaining un-

paid, on prior

Jnftalments,

and the Num-

bers, Sec. to

which they

relate j and such

Commissioners*

shall give No-

tice to the

Party concern-

ed to piy ail

and c. 42. § 5.3

CIX. And be it further enacted, That the Cashier of the Bank of England, and the respective Receivers

General, shall, ten Days before the second, and so before every subsequent Instalment, transmit to the

respective Commercial Commissioners as aforesaid, a true Account of all Sums paid on Account of any

prior Instalment or Instalments, and also of any Sum or Sums which may remain unpaid on Account of

such prior Instalment or Instalments, and the r^tpe&ive Numbers and Letters to which such Sums so re-

maftung unpaid shall respectively relate ; and the said respective Commissioners shall, upon Reference to their

private Books, by Notice in Writing under the Hands of any two of them, to be transmitted to the Person

or Persons, or the Chamberlain, Treasurer, Cashier, or other Officer aforesaid, of any Body, Corporation,

Company, Fraternity, or Society, making such Default, require him, her, or them, to pay the Sum so in

Arrear within a Time to be fixed in such Notice; and if any Person or Persons so charged, or if the Cham-

berlain, Treasurer, Cashier, or other Officer aforesaid, of any Body, Corporation, Company, Fraternity,

or Society, so charged, shall neglect to pay the fame within the Time limited in such Notice, it shall be law-

ful for the said tespective Commercial Commissioners for the last mentioned Purposes, and they are hereby

required to issue their Warrant for the levying the Sum and Sumsfo in Arrear and unpaid, in such Manner,

and to such Effect and Purpose, as any other of the Commissioners before mentioned for the Purposes of this

A& may, under this A&, or the Commissioners appointed to carry into Execution any of the said Acts

tierein-befoie referred to, may, under the said Acts, levy any Money due to his Majesty, his Heirs or Suc-

cessors, of the Rates and Duties charged and levied under this A&, or the said Acts so referred to, or any of

them.

Arrears within a certain Time 5 and on Failure of Payment may issue their Warrant for levying the fame [$<vc. 22. § 16, 3cc

CX. And be it further enacted. That within and for the City of London and its Vicinity, as herein-

after mentioned, videlicet, the City and Liberty of IVcJhnwfler, the Borough of Southwark, the several Pa-

nlhcs within the Bills of Mortality, and the Parishes of Saint Alary le-bone and Saint Pancras, and all Pa-

rities within the Counties of Middlesex, EJfix, Kent, and Surrey, any Part whereof shall be situate within ten ‘

Miles of the Royal Exchange, there shall be appointed twenty-four Persons, qualified as herein-after is re-

quired, who shall be Commercial Commissioncis within the said Distri&, or such other less Number as can

befound therein so qualified, to ascertain the Income of Persons engaged in Trade and Manufacture resident

within

For the City of

London, and its

Vicinity, (in-

cluding Weft-

minster, South*

wark, the Bills,

of Mortality,

Mary 1c- bone,.

Pancras, and*

every Parifo

