A. D. 18co.

O. 106. Anfto 39* 8c 4c4 Georgia 111.

SECOND SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

FORM of the OATH to be administered by the Arbitrators to the Parties and Witnesses under

this Act.

rrHE Evidence that youflnl! give before us the* Arbitrators appointed by A, B. and C. D. (the Parti a

the Stilmijfton), to determine the Matters in Difference between them, under and by virtue of an Act, '

passed in the fortieth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act, (jiate the Tide of '

the Act)* dial I be the Truth, the whole Truth, and noihing but the Truth. ‘

So help you GOD. '

FORM of the SUBMISSION to ARBITRATION, and of the Award to be made in pursuance of

> this Act.

T A. B of, &rV. (set forth the Name, Reftdcner, and Description of the Putty), do hereby nominate and

* appoint C D. of,(Ac. an Arbitrator under and by virtue of an Act, passed in the fortieth Year of the

Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act, (set forth the Title of the Act), to hear and determine

the Matters in Difference between me and E. F. of, (Ac.

I E. F'. of, (Ac. do appoint (?. H. oL (Ac. to be an Arbitrator under the said Act for the Purposes

.aforesaid.

r

FORM of the AWARD or UMPIRAGE to be made by the Arbitrators or Umpire, and to be written ‘

at the Foot of the Submission. “

WE,/. K. and L. M. of, (Ac. the Arbitrators above named, \or I N. O. the Justice, as the Cafe may I

be]y do hereby adjudge and determine thai, C5 c. (here set forth the Determination to vjhich the ArbiUA-

tors or Justice, as the Cafe may he, shallfubferihe their Names).

Witness,

FORM of CONVICTION in a PECUNIARY PENALTY.

^gE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of the Reign of and

in the Year of our Lord A. B. is convicted before us {naming the Justices), two of his

Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County, (or, Riding, City, Liberty, Division, or Place) of

for that the said A. B. (ft ate the Offence, as for neglecting to sign the SuhmifJtoK, or refitfing to fubmitto the

Award within the Time limited\ as the Cafe may be), contrary to the Statute made in the fortieth Year of

•the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act, (here Jet forth the Title of the Aci), and we the said

Justices do hereby adjudge and determine the said A. B. for the said Offence, to forfeit and lose the Sum of

of lawful Money of Great Britain, and do order the fame to be forthwith paid by him, (her, or

them, as the Cafe may be,) C. Dm

FORM of COMMITMENT of a Person furrrmoned as a Witness before the Arbitrators.

^y^HEREAS Proof on Oath hath been made before us (naming the Justices sinning the Commitment)

two of his Majesty\ Justices of the Peace for the County (or Riding, City, Liberty, Division,

or Place) of on this Day of That A. B. hath been

duly summoned, and hath neglected to appear and give Evidence before C, D. and E. F. the Arbitrators

appointed by and between G. H. and /. A. to determine the Matters tn Dispute between them at

in the County, (or, Riding, City, Liberty, Division, or Place) of on the

Day of underand by virtue of an Act, made in the fortieth Year of the Reign of King George the

Third, intituled, An Act (here Jet forth the Title of the Act)\ and the said A, B. being required by us*

the said Justices, to give Evidence before the said Arbitrators, and still refusing so to .do, therefore we the

said Justices do hereby, in -pursuance of the said Act, commit ♦he said A, B. to the (describing

the Prison, or the Hotfe of Correction) there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for his (or her) Offence

aforesaid, until he (or (be) shall submit himself Orherfelf) to be examined, and give his (^rher) Evi-

dence before the said Arbitrators, touching the Matters referred to them as aforesaid, or shall other wise be

discharged by due Course of Law. And you the (Constable or other Peace Officer or Officers to whom

the Warrant is directed) are hereby authorized and required to take into your Custody the Body of the said j

A. B. and him (or her) safely to convey to the said Prilon (or House of Correction) and him (or hei) there I

to deliver to the Gaoler (or Keeper) thereof, who is hereby authorized and required to receive into hi^

Custody the Body of the said A. B. and him (or her) safely to detain and keep pursuant to this Com- ,

ipitment.

Given under our Hands this Day of in the Year of our Lord -

This Commitment to be directed to the proper Peace Officer and the Gaoler (or Keeper) of the Prison

(or House of Correction),

*3

CAP.

