262

How Societies

may proceed

against the Cor-

poration to re-

cover their De-

mands.

Corporation to

render Ac-

count*, and pay

over Balances,

&c. to Friendly

Societies.

[33C«.3. C.J4-]

Fund to he raised

by the Corpo-

ration from

500,000]. to

j,oooo,ooooL

to be laid out in

the Purchase of

Land Tax on

Houses, under

38 G50 3. c. 60.

Provision to be

made by the

Cr. lxxxiii. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Societies respectively may commence or bring such

Actions, Bills, Information or Informations, against the said Corporation, in the Name or Names of

the President or Presidents, Trustee or Trustees of, or other Person or Persons presiding over, re-

presenting or acting for such Society or Societies, and that the Actions, Bills, Suits, or Informations

to brought, shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be as good and effectual as if the fame were commenced

or brought in the Names of all the Persons composing such Society or Societies, and no Advantage shall be

taken'thereof, or Objection made thereto* any Law, Practice, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary thereof

notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, and he it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Corporation so to

be created as aforesaid, which shall have or receive any Part of the Montes, Effects, or Funds of such Society

or Societies, or shall in any Manner be entrusted with the Disposition, Management, or Custody thereof,

or of any Securities relating to the fame, shall, upon Demand made in pursuance of any Order by such

Society or Committee appointed in such Manner as is directed by an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of

his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies, give in the Ac-

count or Accounts of the said Corporation with such Society or Societies, at a general Meeting of any such ,

Society, or to such Committee thereof as aforesaid, to be examined and allowed or disallowed ; and the said

Corporation shall on such Demand so to be made in Manner aforesaid, p3y over all the Monies then remain-

ing and being in the Hands or Custody of the said Corporation, and assign and transfer or deliver all Securities,

Eftefts, or b unds, taken or (landing in the Name, or remaining in the Hands or Custody of the said Cor-

poration, to the Treasurer or Treasurers, or Trustee or Trustees for the Time being, or to such Person or

Persons as such Society shall appoint; and in case of any Neglect or Refusal to deliver such Account, or to

pay over such Monies, or to assign, transfer, or deliver such Securities or Funds, in Manner aforesaid, it

shall and may be lawful to and for every such Society, in the Name of the Treasurer or Treasurers, Trustee

or Trustees, (as the Cafe may be,) or such Person or Persons as such Society or Societies shall appoint, to

exhibit a Petition, against the said Corporation so to be created as aforesaid, in the High Court of Chan-

eery, or the Court of Exchequer in England, or the Court of Session in Scotland*, or the Courts of Great

SelTions in Wales respectively, who shall and may proceed thereupon in a summary Way, and make such

Order therein, upon hearing all Parties concerned, as to such Court in their Difcretton shall seem just; and

all Alignments and Transfers made in pursuance of such Order shall be good and effectual in Law to all

Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

44 No Fee to be taken for Proceedings in such Courts, &c. and Counsel to be a/Egned to such Societies

44 gratis. § 8. Directionshow the Charter shall provide that the Corporation may plead to Actions brought

44 against them. § 9.”

X. 4 And, to the Intent that sufficient Provision of Money may be made for answering and paying just

4 Demands upon the said Corporation, and to furnish the said Corporation with Money for its necessary and

4 lawful Occasions ;* it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Corporation

shall be obliged, by force and virtue of the said Charter or Indenture so to be granted or made as aforesaid,

to raise a Sum of Money, not less than five hundred thousand Pounds, and not exceeding one Million, within

such Time or Times, not exceeding a Period of two Years and an Half, to be computed from the Time

the said Charter of Incorporation shall be granted, and by such Proportions, and in such Manner, as in

and by the said Charter or Indenture shall be appointed, and the Monies so to be raised shall be and be

called The Extraordinary Capital Stock belonging to the said Corporation ; and that in the said Charter or

Indenture, so to be granted or made as aforesaid,a Provision shall be inserted, that the said Corporation, in-

tended to be created and established, is to be created and established upon this Condition, that the said Cor-

poration do and shall lay out and invest the Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds, (Part of the said Sum

of five hundred thousand Pounds Extraordinary or Capital Stock,) within three Calendar Months next after

the fame shall be raised in Manner aforesaid, in the Purchase of Land Tax upon Houses, under an *Act

passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Pur*

chafe in the Manner thereinJlaled, the several Sums of Aloney now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax

for one Year, from the twenty fifth Day of March one thousand/even hundred and ninety-eight; and also do

and shall, with one Moiety or Half Part of the net Profits which shall arise to the said Corporation from the

said Eftahiishment, which shall remain after Payment of five Pounds per Centum per Annum lo

prietors on the Capital Stock, and all Salaries and other Expences attending the Institution, lay out such

Moieties as they shall arise, after making such Deductions as aforesaid, in the Purchase of the said Land Tax

upon Houses, from Time to Time, until the Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds shall have been so laid

out as aforesaid, unless the Whole of the said Land Tax upon Houses shall previously thereto have been re-

deemed or fold ; and that the said Corporation shall be allowed to purchase the said Land Tax upon the fame

Terms and Conditions as the Owners of Lands now are or hereafter may be entitled to redeem or purchase

by the fame or any future Act; but the Interest or Produce arising from the said Sum of three hundred thou-

sand Pounds, and such Moieties of the said Profits as shall be laid out in the Purchase of Land Tax as afore-

said, shall not be considered or taken as Part of the Profits out of which the said Sum of seven hundred

thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, is to proceed; and also that the Sum of five Pounds per Centum per

Annum, upon all the said Money to be raised as aforesaid, (excepting the said Sum of three hundred thousand

Pounds so to be laid out as aforesaid,) shall be deducted out of the said Moiety or Half Part of the said net

Profits, before the fame shall be applied in the Purchase of the said Land Tax, in Manner herein-before

mentioned.

XI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, That a Provision shall be inserted in the said

Chatter, that the said Corporation shall, within three Calendar Months after the Date of the said Charter,

7 enter

