ic>4

Collegers of the

Land Tax in

Scotland, in a

limited Time

shall enter into

fuchBondsasthe

Baron* of the

Exchequer shall

require, with

the Commis-

fidners, for pay-

ing the Monies

they receive to

the Receiver

General for

Scotland.

Tf C^lleflorsfail

to enter into

Bond, thcCom-

m tfioners shall

certify the fame

to the Barons of

the Exchequer,

who shall order

the Confeder-

ation for Re-

demption of the

Land Tax, if in

Money, to be

»paid to*the Re-

ceiver General,

which the Con-

tractors rtiall ac-

cordingly pay.

Where any Col-

lectors shall not

duly pay over

the Money re-

ceived, to the

Receiver Gene-

ral, he may pre-

sent the Bondto

the Barons of

the Exchequer,

praying for a

legal Process

upon the Bond;

or may proceed

to recover there-

>on, according to

the Course of

the Court of

Exchequer.

The recited Ada

2nd this Act to

he construed

together as one

C. 40, 41. Anno tricesimo nono Gbough HI. A.D. 1799.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Collectors of Cess or Land Tax, appointed or to be

appointed in the several Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Burghs, and Places, in Scotland, shall, within foAy ,

Days after the patting of this A&, and before they, or any of them, shall receive any Monies to be paid as

the Consideration for the Redemption of any Land Tax in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or either of

them, enter into Bonds to the said respe&ive Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Acts, or any three

or more of them, in such Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Burghs, and Places, with such good and sufficient

Caution, as the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland shall require, binding him or them, and his or their

Sureties, conjun&ly and severally, for his and their duly paying to the Receiver General for Scotland at

Edinburgh, at such Times after the Receipt thereof as the said Barons shall direct to be inserttd in such

Bonds, allfuclrSum and Sums of Money as shall be paid to them in pursuance of the said recited Alls,

or either of them, for the Redemption of any Land Thx, under a Penalty of two hundred Pounds

Sterling, over and above Performance; and which Bonds the said Commissioners, or any three or more

of them, are hereby authorized'and required to take, and the said respective Commissioners shall forth-

with cause the said Bonds to be delivered to the Receiver General at Edinburgh^ or not being delivered to

such Receiver General, shall cause the fame to be registered in the Books of Council and Session, and Extrads

thereof to be delivered to the said Receiver General at Edinburgh.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Collector or Colledors in any Shire,

Stewartry, City, Burgh, or Place, shall fail or neglect to enter into such Bond as aforesaid within the Period

herein-before mentioned, the said Commissioners shall immediately, after the Expiration of the said forty

Days, certify such Failure or Neglect to the said Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and it shall

thereupon be lawful for the said Barons, and they are hereby required upon the Receipt of such Certificate,

to order and direct that the Consideration for the Redemption of any Land Tax in such Shire, Stewartry,

City, Burgh, or Place, tvbere the fame shall be in Money, shall be paid to the Receiver General, or his

Deputy or Deputies, at Edinburgh, or to such Person or Persons in such Shire, Stewartry, City, Burgh,

or Place, as he shall appoint to receive the same; and after such Order or Direction all and every Persons

and Person, Bodies, Corporations, and Companies, who shall contract for the Redemption of any Land

Tax, the Consideration for the Redemption whereof shall be in Money, shall pay such Consideration to

such Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies, or such Person or Persons as he shall appoint to receive

the fame as aforesaid; and the Certificate or Receipt of such Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies,

or such Person or Persons as aforesaid, (and which he and they are hereby empowered and directed to give,)

shall be as valid and effectual in all Respects as the Receipt of any Coiledor is by the said Act directed to be,

in Cafe such Consideration was paid to a Coiledor in pursuance of the said recited Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in every Cafe where any such Coiledor or Collectors shall fail or

neglect to pay over to the said Receiver General at Edinburgh^ or his Deputy or Deputies; any such Sum or Sums

or Money,within such Number of Days after the fame shall be received by him or them as aforesaid, as shall

be specified in the Bond entered into by such Coiledor or Collectors as aforesaid, the said Receiver General,

or his Deputy or Deputies, may present the said Bond, or an Extract thereof, to any one or more of the

Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, with a Petition Rating the Sum due and not accounted for

by such Coiledor or Collectors, and praying fora Horning, or other competent and legal Process of Court,

upon such Bond or Extract, making Oath that the Sum Rated in the Petition is due and not accounted for,

and the Baron or Barons to whom such Petition shall be presented may thereupon order a Horning, or other

competent and legal Process of Court, to issue; and which Process of Court may be proceeded in by ArreR-

ment. Poinding, Denunciation, Caption, Imprisonment, ami otherwise for recovering from such Coiledor

or Collectors, and his, her, or their Surety or Sureties, the Sums due from such Coiledor or Collectors, and

for the Penalty of two hundred Pounds, in such Bond, over and above the Sums so due as aforesaid; or the

Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies, upon making Oath to the Sums due and unaccounted for,

shall be at Liberty to proceed to the recovering the Payment thereof, and of the Penalty in the Bond, by any

Process for recovering Payment of Debts due to his AdajeRy, according to the Course of the Court of Ex-

chequer in Scotland.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions of this Act shall, in the Execution of

the said recited Acts of the thirtyreighth Year of his present Majesty, and the aforesaid Act of this Session of

Parliament, be used and applied, and construed in like Manner as if the fame Provisions were specially enacted

in the said Acts: and all and every the Provisions of the said Acts shall, in the Execution of this Act, ex-

cept where the fame are hereby expressly varied, be used and applied, extended and conRrued, in like Manner

as if the fame Provisions (except as aforesaid) were specially enacted in this Act.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for railing an additional Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.—[10th May 1799 ]

<4 3,000,000l. may bve raised before July 1, 1799. by Loans and Exchequer Bills. Such Exchequer Bills

to be signed by the Auditor, or other Person duly authorized by him with the Consent bf the Treasury. fit

44 Exchequer Bills to be charged on the second, and on the fifth and sixth In Raiments of any Loan to be

41 granted this Session, to be made out in equal Proportions of 1000L and 500l. $ * Exchequer Bills

so issued not to be received again in Payment of any Taxes; nor exchanged before Dec. 20, 1799. 3 4*

44 Principal and Interest, with Charges, to be repaid in equal Proportions out of the second, fifth, and sixth

44 Infialments, on any Loan of this Session, and if the Inlbdmeftts paid before Dec* ao, 17991 bcinfttfficrenr,

i' »to bexharged on the Coafolidated Fupd. § 5.*

11 CAP.

