A. D. 1800.

Anno 39° 8c 40° Georgii III.

C.x.

479

the said River Humber to the Buoy of the Thircome, not less than four Shillings nor more than five Shillings

for every Foot of Water such Snip or Vefiel shall draw, and so in Proportion for (he Fradtion of a Foot,

such Fraction not being less than Half a Foot; and for piloting and conducting any such Ship or Vefiel into

the said Port from the Distance of the said Buoy, not less than three Shillings nor more than six Shillings for

every Foot of Water such Ship or Vefiel shall draw, and so in Proportion for the Fradtion of a Foot, such

Fradtion not being less than Half a Foot; and for piloting and conducing any such Ship or Vefiel into the find

Port from IVlntebcotb Road in the said River Humber, not less than one Shilling and Sixpence nor more than

three Shillings for every Foot of Water such Ship or Vefiel (hill draw, and so in Proportion for the Fradtion

of a Foot, such Fradtion not being less thin Haifa Foot; and for piloting and conducting any such Alien

Ship or Vessel-fiom the said Portso far out to Sea as to bring the said Northnefs of Dimliugton to bear as afore-

laid, not less than five Shillings nor more than seven Shillings for every Foot of Water such Ship or Vefiel

shall draw, and so in Proportion for the Fradtion of a Foot, such fradtion not being less than Hdf a

Foot,

M Fradtion of Half a Foot, shall be considered as Haifa Foot. §. 14. Commissioners empowered to vary

44 and regulate the Prices of Pilotage; within the Rates mentioned. §• 1

XVI. Provided always. That every Master or other Person, having the Command of any Ship or VdTcl

failing from the said Port of King Jion^upon- Hull with Ballad only, and not laden or Part laden with Goods

or Merchandize liable to the Payment of Freight, which shall be conducted or piloted out of the said Port

by any of the said River Pilots, shall pay or caule to be paid two Third Parts only of the Rates which such

Ship or Vefiel would be liable to if laden or Part laden for such respective Pilotage.'

XVII. Provided also. That the Mailer or other Person having the Command of any Ship or Vefiel crti-

ployed in the Coasting Trade, and which (ha.l have been actually so employed for six Calendar Months or

upwards then next preceding, which shall be conduced or piloted into or out of the said Port by any of the

said River Pilots, shall be subject to the Payment of one Half Part only of the said respective Rates payable in

re/peft of British Ships or Veflkls*

XVIII. Provided also. That if any Ship or Vefiel whatsoever, whether trading Coastwise or other wise,

which shall be conducted or piloted into, out of, or upon the said River Humber, by any of the said River

Pilots, shall not draw so much as fix Feet Water, such Ship or Vefiel shall nevertheless, in ascertaining the

Rate of Pilotage payable for the fame by virtue of this Act, be deemed and considered to draw fix Feet

.Water ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if any Ship or Vefiel of any of his Majesty’s Sub-

jects, or of Aliens, not bound to the said Port of Kingston upon-Hully shall, on account of contrary Winds

-and bad Weather, or other wise, be piloted from or to the Northnefs of Dimlington, bearing as above-men-

tioned, into or out of any of the Roadsteads of the said River Humber below the Roadstead of the said Port of

Kingston-upon- Hull* the following Proportions of the Rates for Pilotage, which shall for the Time being be

payable as herein-before mentioned for or in respect of British and Alien Ships respectively, and no more shall

be demanded by or paid to any such River Pilot so piloting such Ship or Vefiel; (that is to say,) if such Ship

or Vefiel shall be piloted from or to the Place where the Northnefs of Dimlington bears as aforesaid, into or

from the Hawk Road, or Grimsby Road, in the said River Humber, one Third Part of the said Rates hereby

imposed for piloting British and Alien Ships rdjiedtively the whole Extent of the first above-mentioned

Difiance ; and if such Ship or Vefiel shall be piloted from or to the said Distance, into or from IVbitebooth

Rjoad, * two Third Parts of such Rates.

XX. And, as an Encouragement to the said River Pilots, to ply out at Sea, be it further enacted, That

in case any Ship or Vefiel shall be met with in Distrefis, by any of the said River Pilots, and shall be afiified

by such Pilot, or any of his Crew or Boat, then such Compensation shall be made for such Assistance, as

shall be settled and determined by the said Commissioners at their next Meeting after Application shall have

been made to them by either Party for that Purpose ; and if any Agreement for inch extraordinary Assistance -

shall have been made, such Agreement shall be null and voids or in case any British or Alien Ship or Vessel

shall, at the particular Requefi of the Master or oilier Person having the Command thereof, be piloted or

afiified by any of the said River Pilots into the said Port from any further Distance than what is hereby pro-

vided for, every such River Pilot shall be paid for such extra Pilotage, such Sum as the said Commissioners

shall order and direct, not less than Nine-pence nor more than one Shilling and Three-pence for every Foot

of Water any such British Ship or Vefiel shall draw, and so in Proportion for the Fraction *f a Foot, such

Fraction not being less than Half a Foot; and not less than one Shilling nor more than two Shillings for every

Foot of Water any such Alien Ship or Vefiel shall draw, and so in Proportion for the Fraction of a Poor,

such Fraction not being less than Haifa Foot; over and above the said Rates of Pilotage by this Act imposed

for piloting such Ships or Vessels respectively from the Distance of the said Northncfs of Dimlington bear-

ingas aforesaid, or into the said Port.

XXI. And be it further enacted. That in case the Master or Commander of any Ship or Vefiel drawing fix

Feet Water or upwards which shall be outward-bound and about to proceed down the said River Humber, or

which shall be inward-bound, shall refuse to take on board and employ one of the said.River Pilots who shall

offer his Service (except such Ships or Vefielsasare employed on the Coal or Coasting Trade) such Master

or Commander UMl pay or cause to be paid to the River Pilot who first or who only (hull offer his Service

as aforesaid, and shall be so refused, the full Pilotage which such Master or Commander would have been

subject or liable to pay by virtue of this Act if the said Riot had been received and employed in conducting or

prloting such Ship or Vefiel into or out of the said Port of Kingston-upon-Hull, together with the Expence

to be incurred in the Recovery of the fame.

XXIfc

Ships ontward-

bound in ballast*

pay only two

Thirds of the

Rates.

Coafieri to ptf

only Half of the

Kates.

VHTels drawing

less than fix Feet

Water to pay for

fix Feet.

Proportioning

the Rates of

Pilotage.

Rewards for PU

lots assisting

Ships in Dirtreft

to be settled by

Commissioceri

Additional

Pilotage for pi-

loting extra DiCi

tance.

Matters of in-

ward or cut-

war J-bound

Ships refuting

Pilots, ftnll pay

them the Pilot-

age.

