A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimonono Georgii III. C. 11a. 313

nual Sums herein-after mentioned; to the Master of the Rolls four thousand Pounds, to the Chief Baron 4000I., and

of the Court of Exchequer four thousand Pounds, and to each of the Puisne Justices in the Courts of King’s cs

Bench and Common Pleas, and to each of the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer, three thou- a"d Barons^o

bad Pounds ; which said Sums of Money to be issued in pursuance of this Act shall from Time to Time 3ooool. Thcfirft

from thenceforth be payable and paid half-yearly, free and clear from all Taxes and Deductions whatever. Payment to be

on the tenth Day of Oticber and the fifth Day of Jpril in each Year, by even and equal Portions, the made on oa.

firit Payment thereupon to be made on the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety- I0* 17999

nine.

II. And be it further enacted, That such Officer of the Master of the Rolls and Chief Baron, and each of An Account of

the Puisne Justices and Barons of the Coif respectively for the Time being, as they shall respectively ap- the Salaries and

point, shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the Expiration of the half Year ending on the twenty- of such '°"

ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, deliver to the Lord High Treasurer judges shall be

or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, an Account, signed by such Master of the Rolls, delivered to the.

Chief Baron, Puisne Justice, and Baron reflectively, of their clear Salaries, after the Deduction of all Treasury on

Fees and Taxes paid in respect thereof; and also of all Fees and pecuniary Profits which shall have been re- ScPtfJlbcJ'a9

ceived, or were payable to them in respect of the Execution of their said Offices, either in their respective foeack

Courts in Westminster Hall, or at the Rolls, or at their respective Chambers, in ref{>eft of any Business de-

pending in the said Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer, between the twenty-fifth Day

of March and the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and a like

Account shall be delivered in like Manner m every succeeding half Year ending on the twenty-fifth Day of

March and the twenty-ninth Day of September, of the Salaries, Fees, and pecuniary Profits, which shall

have been received, or were payable to them in respect of their Offices for the preceding half Ye^r

aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That in whatever Sums the whole Amount which {hall have been received. The Sums re-

or were payable to any of the Persons before ment oned, in respect of their said Offices, within the half Year CCiVfd

preceding the Delivery of any such Account, shall be less than the clear Sum of two thousand Pounds in J^ad/up *ooooI.

respect of the said Master of the Rolls and Chief Baron, or of one thousand five hundred Pounds in respect to the Matter of

of the said Puisne Judges and Barons of the said Courts, shall be the Sums to be issued for the half Year in the Roll* and

which the said Account shall be delivered, and shall be computed and ascertained so as to make up the Chief Baron,

Whole of their respective Salaries and pecuniary Profits to the half-yearly Sums respectively before men- Puifhe to

tioned ; and such Sums shall be issued accordingly in Manner herein-after mentioned, and as if the Sums so judged and

to be ascertained had beenspecifically mentioned in this Act. Barons respect-

ively.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person having the Office of Master of the Rolls, In case of

Chief Baron, Puisne Justice, or Baron of the Coif, of any of the Courts aforesaid, shall die, or resign the De?th orRefig-

fame, the Executors or Administratorsof the Person so dying, or the Person so resigning the fame, {hall be n^onaWe°Part

entitled to such proportionable Part of the clear Salary and Profits of such Office as aforesaid, as according oi°the said Sums

to the Rates above mentioned shall have accrued during the Time that such Person shall have executed such niaW be paid to

Office as aforesaid; and the proper Officer of the Successor of every such Person shall, on the twenty-fifth the Executor,

Day of March ox twenty-fifth Day of September, as the Cafe may be, which shall be immediately subse-*

quentto every such Death or Resignation, or as soon after as conveniently may be, deliver in such Account

*sis herein-before required to be delivered, signed by such Successor, and also by his Predecefior, or the Ex-

ecutors or Administrators of such Predecefior, as the Cafe may be ; and such Successor and his Predcceflor, in

case of Resignation, and the Executors or Administratorsof such Predecefior in case of Death, shall be re-

spectively entitled to and receive such proportionable Part of such Sum, as upon such Account {ball be due

and payable by virtue of this Act as aforesaid ; and in case such Person so dying or resigning shall have re-

ceived, during such Part of the half Year in which such Person shall die or resign, more than a proportionable

Part of the clear Salary and Profits of his Office, according to the Time during which such Person shall

have executed the fame, every such-Person so resigning, and the Executors or Administrators of the Person

so dying, shall pay to the Successors of every such Person so much as the Sums received shall exceed the

Sums to which such Officer shall be entitled, according to the Rates aforesaid.

V. And. be it further enacted, That the Successor of every such Person so dying or resigning {hall be en- Successor shall-

fitled to have and* receive from all Persons whatsoever, such Salaries and Profits as shall arile and become due receive Salaries

from the Death or Resignation of his Predecessor, in like Manner as if his Patent had borne Date the Day Jheix-ath'o?^

next subsequent to the Day of the Death or Resignation of his Predecefior. Resignation of his Predecefior.

VI. And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful to and for the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his

Heirs and Successors, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to give and grant unto

any Person executing the Office of Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain for the Time being, or the Of-

fice of Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Money, not exceeding

the Sum of four thousand Pounds, of lawful Money of Great Britain, to commence and take Effect

immediately from and after the Period whenever the Person to whom such Annuity or yearly Sum

of Money shall be granted shall resign the said Office of Lord High Chancellor or the Office of Keeper

of the Great Seal of Great Britain, or be removed from the same respectively, and to continue from

rhenceforth for and during the natural Life of the Person to whom the fame shall be granted as aforesaid ;

and such Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum shall be ifl'ued and payable out of and charged and chargeable

upon the Consolidated Fund, next in Order of Payment to, and after paying, or reserving sufficientto

payi

His Majesty

may grant to

the Lord Chan-

cellor or the

Keeper of the

Great Seai an

Annuity of

40C0I. to com-

mence on Re-

signation, pay-

able quarterly

out of the

Consolidated

Fund, free 6*001

Tax*.

