C. 3,

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

3*Cfe>. j.c.

rccuc d.

CAP. III.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and

Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon ; and

certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year one

thousand j'even hundred and ninety-nine.—[17th December 1798.}

Most gracious Sovereign,

*. \ T WHEREAS byan Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

60. ‘ W jin d£l for making perpetual, fitbjefl to Redemption and Purchase in tb» Manner ther

Hates on Per-

fonal $ (late,

charged by

38 Geo, 3. c. 5;

and not autho-

rized to be sold

by 38 Geo. 3.

c. 60. and also

on Offices,

Pensions, Sec.

shall be levied,

within one

Year, from

March 15,

*799*

The Sums

cl targe d on all

Personal Estates

within any

Parish, &c.

under 38 Geo.t.

c 5. $ 3. shall

be imposed on

such Parishes,

Sec. and raised

on Personal Ef-

tates, (deduc-

ing Debts due

from the Party,

desperate Debts

owing to them.

Stock on Land,

Household

Goods, and

Loans to his

Majesty,) to be

charged, with

as much Equa-

lity as possible,

by a Pound Rate

for every 100 L

in Value.

The Rate to be

paid quarterly,

and the first "

Payment by

June 24, 179*

by

which were or Qiould be charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments^ in

* Great Britain, are, after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, con-

4 tinued and made perpetual, with a Provision that the several Sums of Money charged upon Estates in ready

4 Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Personal Estates, or upon any Person or Persons

4 in respect of any Publick Office or Employment of Profit in the said Act mentioned, should, after the

4 twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, be ascertained, levied, coUefted,

< and paid, according to the Directions of any Act or Acts to be parted for that Purpose : Now we, your

4 Majesty’s moil dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, taking

4 into our serious Consideration such Expences as are absolutely necessary for supporting your Majesty’s

4 Government, and being resolved to supply the feme, have for that End and Purpose cheerfully and

4 voluntarily given and granted, and do by this Act give and grant, unto your Majesty, the several and

4 respective Rates, Assessments, and Duties, and Sums of Money hereafter mentioned And we do moil

humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the feme. That the several and respective Sums of

Money which shall have been, or shall be charged upon Estates in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares,

Merchandizes, Chattels, or other Personal Estate, by virtue of an Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be

raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and which

were not authorized to be sold in or by another Act, made and passed in the fame thirty-eighth Year afore -

said, intituled. An Act for making perpetualysubject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein JtatedL

the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Taxy for one Year, from the twenty-fifth.

Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and also the several Sums of Money herein-after

charged in respect of any Publick Offices or Employments, or any Annuities, Pensions, Stipends, or other

annual Payments, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, within the Space of one

Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand (even hundred and ninety-nine, and shall be

ascertained, assessed, and taxed, in such Manner and Form as are herein-after expressed.

II. And be it further enacted. That the several and respective Sums of Money which shall have been or

shall be charged, by virtue of the fyd Act, on Personal Estates as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby set and

imposed on the several and respective Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places, wherein

the feme have been or shall be so charged by virtue of the said Act ; and that towards raising the said several

and respective Sums of Money hereby charged on the respective Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allot-

ments. and Places, in England, lValesy and Berwick, as aforesaid, in respect of such Personal Estate as afbre-

said, all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, Guilds and Fraternities, within the

fame ParKhes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places respectively, having any Estate in ready

Money, or in any Debts whatsoever owing to them, within Great Britain or without, or having any Estate

in Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Chattels, or other Personal Estate whatsoever. within Great Britain or

without, belonging to or in Trust for them, (except and out of the Premises deducted, such Sums as he, (he*

or they, do bona fide owe, and such Debts owing to them as shall be adjudged desperate by the respective

Commissioners appointed by this Act, and also except the Stock upon Lands, and such Goods as are used for

Household Stuff, and also except such Loans and Debts as are or (hart be owing from his Majesty to any Per-

son or Persons,) shall be charged, with as much Equality and Indifference as is possible, by a round Rate ;

that is to say. By an e<mal Pound Rate for every one hundred Pounds of such ready Money and Debts, and

for every one hundred rounds worth of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, Chattels, or other Personal

Estate, and so for any lesser or greater Sum or Value, for or towards thefeid several and respective Sums by

this Act set or imposed, or intended to be set or imposed, for and upon all and every such Panfhes, Constable-

wicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places, hereby charged therewith as aforesaid; so that by the said Rates (•

to be taxed or assessed as aforesaid, for or upon the said ready Money* Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes.

Chattels, or other Personal Estate, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this present Act, the full

and entire Sums hereby set or imposed. or intended to be set and imposed, in England, Wales, and Berwick,

as aforesaid, upon the said Personal Estates, shall be completely and efffcftually taxed, assessed, levied, ana

collected, and shall be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer by four Quarterly Payments, die

first Payment thereof to be made on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of

our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine*

III. And

