72

C. 21.

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799*

Intervals, within the Period of two Years from the Time of transferring or paying such first Inlblment as

last aforesaid.

*799*

Lands shall be

charged with

Land Tax from

the Lady-day

preceding the

D»y [/« jt

Gcq. 3. c. 60.

$ 10 ] next

hnfuing the Con trad: And where the first Instalment shall he payable or tramfcrrable before Feb. 1, 1801, the Whole shall be paid, within four Years

from May i, 2799 \ and where the first Instalment shall he payable or transferable after Feb. 1, 1801, the Whole shall be paid within two Years from

the Time of making the first Instalment. [Sir r. 43. § 1: c. 108. § 18.]

On Contrada XXXI. And be it further enacted, That where any Contract shall be entered into for the Redemption

lor Redemp^ any Land Tax, at any Time after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and nine-

alfrer March ty-nine, then and in every such Cafe the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,

the Land Tax whereof (nail have been so contra#ed for, shall be charged and chargeable with so much

Land Tax as shall have accrued and become payable after the twenty-fifth Day of Marchy prior to the

making such Contract, up to the End of the Quarter next immediately preceding the Day of the Transfer

of the hrft Instalment agreed to be transferred on such Contract, and shall only be exonerated from such

Land Tax from the End of such Quarter.

Contra^ to the End of the Quarter immediately preceding the first Instalment.

No Contrail XXXIL And be it further enacted, That no Contract entered into after the passing of this A#, for the

Redemption of any Land Tax, nor the Amount of Land Tax redeemed thereby, shall in any wile be im-

peached, asse#ed, or altered by the Judgement or Determination of the Commissioners,'on any Appeal from

the Assessment by which such Land Tax shall have been charged, whether such Appeal shall have been made

prior or subsequent to any Proceedings had under the said recited Acts for the Purpose of entering into such

Contract, but such Appeal shall be decided wholly between such other Parties charged by such Assessment

as shall not have entered into any such Contract, and in the same Manner as if the Contract so entered into

had been completed before the making or determining such Appeal; and every Contract so entered into

shall stand good, and the Land Tax redeemed thereby shall be considered as it no such Appeal had been

made from such Assessment.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if such Land Tax so contra#ed for shall have

been reduced in its Amount by any Assessrnent made within three Years preceding the Time of completing

such Contract, such Land Tax shall then remain liable to be revised and altered (in the same Manner as if

such Contract had not been completed) by any Determination on any Appeal which shall be made and de«

termined in one Year next after the Completion of such Contract.

Completion of the Contract, it may he reviled and altered on Appeal within one Year after such Completion.

for Redemp-

tion, made

after the passing

this Act, shall

he impeached

®r in anywise

affected by any

Appeal against

the AflcltmcHt.

c. 43. $8.]

If Land Tax

contracted for

shall have be n

reduced within

three Years

before the

.Former Acts

and this Act to

be construed to-

gether.

Affidavits may

be made before

Com midi oners

<br taking

Affidavits 5 and

Persons whole

Affidavits are

required to be

produced to

the Redemp-

tion-Conmif-

fiomrs mny be

examined by

them on Oath

inllead.

Ad may be

altered or re.

pealed this

Session.

Form of Ccr

tifiiare of

Con ciad.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions of this A# shall, in the Execution

of the said recited A#s, be used and applied, and continued in like Manner as if the fame Provisions were

specially enacted in the said A#s; and all and every the Provisions of the said recited A#s shall, in

the Execution of this A#, except where the fame are thereby expressly varied, be used and applied,

extended and construed, in like Manner as if the fame Provisions (except as aforesaid) were specially enacted

in this A#.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That any Affidavit or Affidavits required or authorized to be made

by the said recited Acts, may be made before any Commissioners or Persons who are or shall be authorized

to take Affidavits in causes depending in any of the Courts at IVeJlmitijler, as well as before the Person or

Persons before whom the fame are, by the said first recited Act, directed to be made; and it shall be lawful

for the said Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Acts to take such Affidavits, and they are hereby

indemnified against all Persons whomsoever, and against all Penalties, for having received, before the

passing of this A#, any Affidavit or Affidavits made before any such Commissioners or Persons as aforesaid,

and the fame shall be as valid and effectual as if the fame had been made before them after the passing of

this Act: Provided also, That in tdl Cafes where any Affidavit or Affidavits is or are by the said firlf re-

cited A# directed to be made and shewn to the said Commissioners, the hxamination of the Person or Per-

fons, by whom any such Affidavit or Affidavits is or are directed to be made by and before the said Com-

missioners fur the Purposes of the said A#, upon Oath or Affirmation, tube administered in the Manner

therein directed, shall be as valid and effectual for the Purposes of the said Act, as if the Affidavit or AiE-

davits thereby required had been made, and produced and lhewn to the said Commissioners.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act or any of the Provisions thereof may be altered*

varied, or repealed, by any A# or A#s to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

[Step ft. c. 40. 43. 108.]

XXXVII. And be it further enn#ed. That the Form of every Certificate of Contract to be made after

the passing of this A# shall be in the Manner following:

IT NOW all Men, That we two of the Commissioners appointcdTor the Purposes of an A#,

4 intituled, An AJfor making perpetualfnbjetl to Redemption and P nr chafe in the Manner therein flated^

4 tbsfeveral Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for one Year from the twenty-fifth

4 Day of March one thoufindseven hundred and ninety-eighty for the do hereby certify,

that wc have contracted and agreed with for the Redemption by him, [her

4 or them, as the Caje may require 1, of Land Tax, being the Land Tax charged

4 upon the [here insert, Manors, Mcflinges, Lands. Tenements, and Hereditaments, or such of them as the

4 Caje may require^] herein-after described, videlicet [here dtjerihe the Premtfes as from the Schedule deli-

4 vend by the Party]; and which Premises are assessed in the Afleilmenc made for the

of

