294

jfufticts may

"ftiMnt an -Exten-

sion of Furlough

'to any Non-

co.nrtun'ioned

Officer or SoJ.

cur applying

f>M rlv (am:, on

Account i f

hakntfi, .&c.

Contirusnee of

-litis Act.

Ad, in Tart,

may he altered

-this ScflTion.

(\cCqJ> 39 )

Recital of

7 A'vue, Cap. 7

Recital of en

Ad 12 Amur.

1. c. 11.]

C. 2*8. Anno 39* 8c 40° Georgii IIL A.D. 1800-

LXII. And whereas Soldiers absent from their Regiments on Furlough granted to them by their Com-

4 manding Officers, are sometimes prevented by Sickness or other unavoidable Casualty from returning to

4 their Duty before the Expiration of the|Time limited by such Furlough, and Doubts have arisen whether in

4 such Cafes the Extenfionof a Soldier’s Furlough by a Just ice of the Peace, be sanctioned by legal Authority*

and effectual for preventing such Soldier from being apprehended upon Suspicion of his having deserted his

4 Regiment;’ be it further enacted, That any Justice of the Peace may,"and he is hereby authorized to grant*

in Writing under his Hand, anExtension of Furlough, to any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier apply-

ing-for the fame, on Account of Sickness or Other Casualty, which to such Justice shall, on due Enquiry, ap-

pear. to render such Extension necessary, and that such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, during the Pe-

riod to which his Furlough shall have been so extended as aforesaid, by a Justice of the Peace, shall not be li-

able to be apprehended or otherwise molested on the Ground of his having deserted the Regiment tc>which

he shall appear by his Furlough to belong, or of criminally absenting himself from the same: Provided

always. That nothing in this Act contained shall be con ft rued to exempt any Non-commissioned Officer or

Soldier, whose Furlough shall have been lb extended as aforesaid, from being proceeded against and punished

according to the Previsions of this Act, should it thereafter appear that such Non-commissioned Officer or

Soldier had obtained the Extension of his Furlough by false Representation made to the Justice of Peace, or

in applying for and obtaining the fame, had committed any Offence to the Prejudice of good Order and Mi-

litary Discipline.

LXXX vj. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be and continue in

Force, within the Realm of Great Britain, from the twenty-fourth Day of March in the Year of our Lord

one thousand eight hundred, until the twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight

hundred and one4 and shall be and continue in Force in Jersey, GuevnJ'ey, Alderney\ Sarikj and Man%

and the Islands thereto belonging, as to such Parts thereof as relate to those Places respectively, from the

thirtieth Day of Aprils in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred, until the first Day of May in

the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and one; and shall be and continue in Force Within the

Garrison of Gibraltar, and in his Majesty’s other Dominions beyond the Seas, as to such Parts thereof as

relate to those Places respectively, from the twenty fourth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thou-

Jand eight hundred and one, until the twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight

hundred and two.

LXXXVIL Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act, so far as relates to the Allowances to

be made for the quartering of Soldiers and providing for their Horses, or for the Provision of Carriages,

Horses, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, and Men, may be altered and varied by any Act or Acts to be made

in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for establiftiing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of

England, for Advancing the Sum of three millions, towards the Supply for the Service

of the Year one thousand eight hundred.—;[28th March 1800.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 \X7 HEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty

4 \ V Queen Anne, intituled, 4 An Act for enlarging the capital Stock of the Bank of England; and for

4 raising a further Supply to her Majesty% for the Service of the 1car one. thousand /even hundred and nine ;*

4 it was declared and enacted, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Succef-

4 fors for ever should continue and be one Body Corporate and Politick, and should for ever have, receive, and

4 enjoy, the entire yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds therein mentioned, out of certain Rates and

Duties of Excise therein described, and-such Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Ex-

4 emptions, Privileges, Profits, and Advantages, as are therein expressed; subject nevertheless to a Power

and Condition of Redemption, nvthat Act contained in that Behalf: And it was thereby provided and

4 enacted, That at any Time, upon twelve Months Notice, after the first Day- of Augiift which

1 should be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, and not before; and

4 upon Repayment by Parliament, to the {aid Governor and Company of the Bank of England^ or thek

4 Successors, of the several Su ns, amounting to one million six hundred thousand Pounds therein men-

4 ticned, without any Deduction, Difeount, or Abatement whatsoever to be made out of the said Sum of one

4 million six hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof; and upon Payment to the said Governor and

4 Company, and their Successors, of all Arrears of the said one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and all

the Principal and Interest Money which should be owing unto them upon all such Tallies, Exchequer Or-

4 deis, or Parliamentary Funds, which the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, should have

4 remaining in their Hands, or be entitled to, at the Time of such Notice to be given as aforesaid (such

4 Funds, for Redemption whereof other Provision was made in the fame Act, only excepted); then, and in such

4 Cafe, and not till then, the said yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds should cease and determine;

as by the said Act (Relation being thereunto had) may more plainly appear: And whereas, by an Act of

4 Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of her said late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to raise Twelve

4 hundred thousand Pounds for Publick Uses, by circulating a further Sum in Exchequer Bills: and for enabling

4 her Majesty to raifefive hundred thousand Pounds on the Revenues appointed for Ujes of her Civil Government^

4 to be applied for or towards Payment of such Debts and Arrears owing to her Servants, Tradesmen, and others,

4 as are therein mentioned\ the before recited Proviso or Condition for determining the said yearly Fund of

‘one

