VI

The TITLES of

41. An Act for railing an additional Sum of Money, by

Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine. Page 104.

4*. An Act to enable the Commercial Commissioners ap-

pointed to carry into Execution certain Acts for granting

Duties upon Income, to extend the Time limited by the

said Acts for receiving Returns of Income; and for ex-

plain ng and amending the said Acts. ^ ^ 105

43. An Act for enlarging the Time limited by certain Acts

pafitd for the Redemption of the Land Tax, for receiving

Contracts and making Transfers of Stock thereon, and

for explaining and amending the said Acts. 108

44. An Act for further continuing, until the first Day of

March one thousand eight hundred, an Act, made in the

Jaft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to empower

His Majesty to /ecu re and detain fuel) Persons as His Ma-

jejly Jkall suspect are confpiving against His Person and Go-

vet n men t. no

43. An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act made

in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-

jesty, Chapter Seventy-four, videlicet, on the twenty-

sixth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and

faventy-eight, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the

Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and

other Punishment of certain Offenders, as relates to the

Punishment of burning in the Hand of certain Personscon-

vided of Felony within the Benefit of Clergy. 112

46. An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act made

in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-

jesty, Chapter Seventy-four, videlicet, on the twenty-

sixth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-eight, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the

Laws relating to Transportation, Imprisonment, and other

Punifynent of certain OffenderSy as relates to the Lodg-

ings of Judges at County Afilzes. Ibid.

47. An Act to continue, until the fifth Day of July next,

an Act, made In the present Session of Parliament,

Chapter Twenty-four, videlicet, on the twenty-first Day

of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine,

for continuing several Acts, made in the thirty-sixth and

thirty-seventh and in the thirty-eighth Ye&rs of the Reign

of His present Majesty, for suspending the Operation of

certain Acts, made in the fifteenth and seventeenth Years

of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the

Negociationof Promifl'ory Notes and Bills of Exchange,

under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain

called England. 113

48. An Act to continue, until the fifth Day of July one

thousand (even hundred and ninety-nine, an Act, parted

in the present Session of Parliament, for continuing several

Acts for allowing the Banks, and certain Banking Com-

panies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to

llTue Notes fjr Sums under a certain Amount. Ibid.

49. An Act to extend the Bail to be given in Cafes of Cri-

minal lnfoi (nation, in that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland. * Ibid.

50. An Act for making perpetual an Act, made in the

thirty third Year of the Re gn of His present Majesty, in-

tituled, An Act for the further Relief of Debtors^ with re-

tpeft to the Imprisonment of their Persons ; and to oblige

Debtors% who Joall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a

certain Pirncy and for Sums not exceeding what are men

tioned in the Afty to make Discovery, and deliver, upon

Oathy their Estates for their Creditors Benefit. 114

j 1. An Act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth Day ot

March one thousand eight hundred and two, several Laws

relating to the Transportation of Felons and other

Offenders, and to the authorizing the Removal of OfTen-

the STATUTES,

ders to temporary Places of Confinement in England and

Scotland respectively. Page 114

52. An Act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth Day of

March one thousand eight hundred and two, so much of

an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-four, videlicet^ on the

twenty-sixth Day of November 011c thousand seven hun-

dred and seventy-eight, intituled, An Act to explain and

amend the Laws relating to the Tra:jportaiion9 Imprison-

ment , and other P uni foment of certain Offenders, as relates

to Penitentiary Houses. Ibid.

53. An Act tocontinue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March

one thousand eight hundred and four, so much of an Act,

made in tire twenty-third Year of the Reign of His pre-

sent Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors

more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain

called Scotland. 115

54. An Act to indemnify all Persons who miy have incurred

Penalties or Forfeitures under an Act, palied in the fee >nd

Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled.

An Act concerning Tannersy Curriers, ShoemakerSy and

Other Artificers occupying the cutting of Leather; and to re-

peal Parcs of the said Act, relating to the buying of Hides.

Ibid.

5$. An Act for encouraging the Improvement of Lands

subject to the Servitude of Thirlage, in chat Part of Great

Britain called Scotland. 116

56. An Act to explain and amend the Laws relative to

Colliers in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. 119

57. An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Go-

vernors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India

Ilhnds, who have permitted the Importation and Ex-

portation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bot-

toms. 120

58. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain An-

nuity to Sir James Marriott Knight, late Judge of the

High Court of Admiralty, in Consideration of his diligent

and faithful Services in the Execution of that Office.

Ibid.

59. An Act for permitting certain Goods, imported from

the Raft IndieSy to be warehoused ; and for repealing the

Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties

in lieu thereof. 121

60. An Act for raising the Sum of fifteen Millions five hun-

dred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities. 127

k6u An Act to repeal the Duty granted by an Act of the

last Session of Parliament on Raw Linen Yarn, the Pro-

duce of the Teiritories of the King of Prufuiy and im-

ported directly from thence into this Kingdom ; and for

charging another Duty in lieu thereof. Ibid.

62. An Act to amend an Act made in the thirty-seventh

Year of the Rtignof His present Majesty, and two Acts

made in the last Session of Parliament, for raising a Militia

Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain

called Scotland. 128

63. An Act for granting to Mis Majesty certain additional

Duties on Sugar imported and exported, and on Coffee

exported ; and for reducing the Drawbacks now allowed

on the Exportation of Sugar. 130

64. An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of two

hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the

Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be

by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners

for the Reduction of the National Debt. 132

65. An Act for allowing, until the twenty-fourth Ray of

June one thousand eight hunJred and five* a further

Bounty upon Pilchards exported ; and for amending an

Ad nude in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His

present

