4$a '

All VeflTels car-

rying; Ballad

for Hire, to be

registered by

the Clerk to th;

Commissioners.

Uphters to be

weighed.

Tonnage to be

afcei taint'd by

Gauge Walks.

Lighters to take

their Turn in

fdpplying Ships

with Ballad*

Commissiomrs’

Clerk shall ex-

amine all such

Yeflcls yearly;

and if he shall

discover any

Fraud, present

fame to the

Commilfianers.

Owners te fuf-

ing to produce

Lighter to he

reviewed, or to.

tTim and pump

before Delivery

cl Ballast, to

forfeit not cx-

Ktui.n.’ 5I.

Ci x* Anno 39° 8s 40° Georgii III. A. D. i8ooi

XLII. * And whereas it wonld be a great Benefit to the Persons concerned in Ships and Vessels refotting

c to the said Port of Kingston-ubon-Hull, if the Lighteis and other Vessels carrying for Hire Ballast for

* Ships or Vessels, within the said Port, or the Limits thereof, as to the Tonnage of the fame, were put un*

4 der proper Regulations ;* be it further enacted, That, from and after the Expiration of two Calendar Months

from the passing of this Act,all and every Person and Persons who shall keep or use for carrying for Hire, Ballast

for Ships or Vessels, any Lighter or other Vessel within the said Poit of Kingfl on-upon-Hull, or the Limits

thereof, shall cause the fame to be registered by the Clerk to the said Commissioners in a Register to be by

him kept for that Purpose, in which Register the said Clerk shall enter, in numerical Prog re fuon, the Name

of the Owner or Owners of every such Lighter or other Vessel, together with the Tonnage thereof; to

which Register all Persons interested shall have Recourse at all feasonable Times, on Payment, for the Purposes

of this Act, of Sixpence for every Search ; and every Person who shall keep or use for the carrying for Hire,

Ballast for Ships or Vessels, any Lighter or other Vessel within the said Port of Kingston- upon- Hull, of the

Limits thereof, shall produce such Lighter or other Vessel to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, at or as

near as convenient to the Gates between the said Wet Dock and the said Haven, or other convenient Place

within the said Haven or Dock, to be appointed by the said Commissioners, and shall at the fame Time, at

his or their own Expence, cause the Tonnage of the said Lighter or other Vessel to be ascertained to the Satis,

faction of the said Clerk, by causing the fame to be fairly and properly weighed, and two Gauge Marks to be

made and fixed on the Stem and Stern of every such Lighter or other Vessel, and between every two Gauge

Marks to cause visible Marks to be made and set, in order that the Tonnage and Burthen of every such Lighter,

or other Vessel respectively, may be computed anddistinguished by a gradual Progression of two Tons and a

Half, with Copper or Brass Nails, or in such Manner and Form as the f2id Commissioners shall direct; and

shall at all Times afterwards preserve, and keep clean and legible the fame Name, Number, and Tonnage foto

be marked as aforesaid; and the Owner of every such Lighter or other Vessel, shall be paid for the Ballast,de-

livered out of the fame according to the Tonnage so to be ascertained as aforesaid, after the Water has been

pumped therefrom, and the Lighter trimmed so as to make the fame swim at equal Marks at the Stem and

Stern thereof; and the Owner of every such Lighter or other Vessel, shall pay to the Treasurer or Clerk to

the said Commissioners, to be applied towards carrying this Act into Execution, the Sum of seven Shillings

and Sixpence, and no more; and such Clerk shall attend within the Hours of transacting Business at the

Custom House, to fee every such Lighter or other Vessel weighed, marked, and registered as aforesaid, upon

twenty-four Hours’ Notice given to him for that Purpose, upon Pain of forfeiting to the Owner of such

Lighter or other Vessel, any Bum not exceeding fifty Shillings for every Time he (nail neglect so to attend,

unless such Clerk shall be prevented from attending on Account of Sickness or some other sufficient Cause;

and the said Clerk shall also enter in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, in a due and regular Rotation, as

well the Names of such Lighters or other Vessels, when and as they shall severally arrive or be laden with

Ballast, as the Names of such Ships or Vessels, the Owners or Masters whereof shall apply for Ballast; and

k shall be lawful for the said Clerk to demand and receive from such Owners or Masters, for the Use of the

Owners of the Lighters or other Vessels supplying the Quantity of Ballast required, the full current Price

of such Ballast, and also one Shilling for each and every Entry ; and the said Clerk shall pay^ unto the

Owner of every Lighter or other Vessel the Money so by him received for such Ballast, first deducting there-

out one Halfpenny per Ton for every Ton of Ballast so delivered, (and which Deduction the said Clerk is

hereby authorized to make,), to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall yearly and every

Year,on the first Monday in July, or within eight Days then next following, within the Hours of Bufinef?,

review and examine all such Lighters and other Vessels, at or near the said Dock Gates, or such other conve-

nient Place as aforesaid, and fee that the Name, Number, and Tonnage marked thereon, are plain and le-

gible, and the Gauge Marks complete and perfect, and whether any Frauds have been committed by Alter-

ations made therein or otherwise ; and such Clerk shall affix or cause to be affixed, on some conspicuous Place

near the said Dock Gates, three Days’ Notice of the Time or Times when he will attend to make such Re-

view and Examination; and in case he shall find that any such JFraud hath been committed, or any such

Gauge Marks are altered or incomplete, or any Cause of Complaint, he shall make a Presentment thereof

to the said Commissioners; and in case the Owner or Part Owner, Matter or other Person employed on

board of any such Lighter or other Vessel as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to produce his Lighter or other

VtfTeltobe viewed and examined as aforesaid, Notice of the Time of such Review and Examination being

given as aforesaid, and shall afterwards lade or use such Lighter or other Vessel before it shall have beer! re-

viewed and examined by such Clerk, or shall refuse or neglect, previous to the Delivery of any Ballast, pro-

perly to trim the fame, and to pump all the Water out of such Lighter or other Vessel 2s aforesaid, or shall

wilfully and fraudulently obliterate or alter the Name, Number, or Tonnage of such Lighter or other Vessel,

or (JiaH not report the Arrival of such Lighter or other Veil’d, and deliver the Ballast therein in a due and re-

gular Rotation :is aforesaid, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not

exceeding five Pounds; and there shall be paid towards the Expence of carrying'this Act into Execution,

for the Trouble of taking and making every such Review and Examination, by the Owner or Owners of

such Lighter or other Vessel, the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence for every such Lighter or other Vessel so

reviewed and examined.

<c Act not to prejudife the Trinity House of Deptford St rend, Dover, Deal, The I(Ie of Than et, or Newcailh*

44 upon-Tyne. § 44. Nor the Corporation of Kingston-upon-HulL § 45. Nor the Trinity House of king-

44 Jton-upon-Hull. $ 46. Nor the Dock Company of Kingston-upon-HuiL §47. Nor the Corporation

44 of Great Grimsby. § 48. Commissioners empowered to make Bye Laws, which shall be printed.

“ § 49>

