33+ C. 49.

Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 180a

lad Assessment

tinder the said

Atts; or if no

AfTcflment has

been made for

the current or

preceding: Year,

or the Party

Thai! not have

been charged to

the full Amount,

Mm.

TJie Assessors to

whom Precepts

shall be deli-

vered, shall

cause previous

A lit Aments to

be computed

upon such Par-

tits, in Propor-

Ubn.t'o the

Duties granted

by 38 Geo. 3.

ce. 40, 41. in

respect cf Dwell-

ing ttoufes

then occupied

by them, and of

the greiteft

. Number of

Male Servants,

&c. kept by

them, which

shall be the

Hafts of an

AlTelTment to

be'made by the

Commissioners

in case any such Assessment or Afftflments shall have been made; and if no such Assessment shall have been

made upon such Person or Persons for the current or preceding Year, or if he, she, or they shall r.*>t have

been charged to the full Amount that is or might be chargeable by virtue of the said Acts last mentioned,

according to such Return as is directed to be made by this Act, then such Assessors, or one of them, shall

cause a Return to be made of the House and Window Duties, and of the greatest Number of Male Ser-

vants, Carriages, Horses, and Dogs retained, kept, or used by such Person or Persons as aforesaid, at any

Time during the Period herein-after mentioned, or which he, she, or they shall then retain, keep, or ufs

respectively.

then to cause a Return to be made of the House and Window Duties, and of the greatest Number of Male Servants, &c. kept by

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in every Cafe where any such Enquiry as aforesaid shall Havebeeq

directed, it shall be lawful for the respective Assessors to whom such Precepts shall be delivered, and they

are hereby required, according to the Directions therein contained, to cause a previous Assessment or Assess-

ments to be computed upon the Person or Persons mentioned in such Precepts reflectively, in Proportion

to the Duties granted by the said two Aits passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, mi respect of all and every Dwelling Houses or House which, or any Part whereof, shall be then

occupied by such Person or Persons, and whether any other Person or Persons shall have been charged for the

fame or not, and also in respect of the greatest Number of Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, and Dogs

retained, kept, or used by him, her, or theiu, at any Time within the Period for which the before-mentioned

Return is hereby directed to be made, according to the respective Descriptions, and at the respective

Rates contained in the said last mentioned Acts 3 which Assessment or Assessments To computed, being con-

firm^ as herein-after is directed, and returned to the said respective Commissioners appointed under the said

Acts for granting Duties on Income, shall be the Basis of an Assessment to be made by the said Comraii-

sioners upon such Person or Persons to the said Duties on Income, according to the said Act for granting an

Aid and Contribution to the War as aforesaid: Provided always. That no Assessment to the Duties grant-

ed by the said Acts of the thirty, eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign respectively, or either of

them, made for the Purposes of this Act, shall be deemed a Charge upon any Person or Persons to the

Duties granted by the said Acts, any farther than such Person would be liable to if this Act had not been

made: Provided also, That in Cafes where a sufficient Assessment shall have already been made upon such

Person or , Persons to the said last mentioned Duties as required by this Act, it shall be lawful for such

Assessors to cause a Copy of such Assessment to be returned to the said respective Commissioners for the Pur-

poses of this Act, infteaa of making an Assessment as herein-before is directed.

under the Income A^s, according to 38 Geo 3. c. 16. 5 but no Assessments to the Duties under 38 Geo. 3. cc. 40, 41. made for the Purpose of this

A&, dial! be deemed a Charge to the said Duties further than the Person would be liable if this A& had not been made. Where a sufficient AfTttfiuent

has already been made, the Assessors shall return a Copy to the Commissioners in dead of making an Assessment.

XXII. And be it further enaited, That every Assessment of the Sums computed under the Authority of

this Act, shall be returned by the Assessors making the same to the proper Commissioners of the Division

for the Duties granted by the said last mentioned Acts, for their Confirmation, such Assessors giving Notice

thereof to the Party or Parties; which Assessment shall be subject to Appeal, within ten Days alter such

Notice, in the Manner directed by the said Acts 3 and which Appeal shall be determined by such Commis-

sioners as soon as conveniently can be done, on ten Days general Notice to be given by them in the Manner

directed or used in other Cafes of assessed "Taxes 3 and every such Assessment so confirmed or determined,

shall be transmitted to the Commissioners for carrying into Execution the said Acts for granting Duties on

Income, to be by them used and applied in the Execution thereof, as herein is directed.

Such AfTcfT-

ments under

this Act shall be

returned to the

Com mi (Turners

of the DjvifioQ

for the Duties

under 38 Geo.

3. cc. 40, 41.

the Assessors

giving Notice

thereof to the Parties, and shall be subject to Appeal, as in other Cafes of afTtfTcd Taxes; and when confirmed, dec. shall be transmitted to the Com*

missioners for executing the Income Acts.

If any Person

whose ordinary

Residence is

out of Great

Britain, shall,

during tl»e Con-

tinuance of any

Charge upon

him on Account

of temporary

Residence, go

beyond St a, the

Charge shall

continue until

the hnd of the

current Year,

unless Notice

of Departure he

deliyered to the

CommissioneiV

Clerk, and a

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, if any Person, whose ordinary Residence shall

have been out of Great Britain, shall, during the Continuance of any Charge made upon him or her, under

the said first-recited Acts or this A <3, by realon of temporary Residence therein, depart from Great Britain

and go into any Parts beyond the Seas, such Charge shall continue until the End of the current Year,

unless Notice of the Time of such Departure be delivered to the Clerk of the Commissioners by whom such

Charge was made, and a Receiptor Receipts be produced to such Clerk, of the Payment or Satisfaftionof

all Sums which had accrued or might accrue upon such Charge prior to the Time of such Departure; in

which Cafe it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to vacate such Charge from and after the Period of the

actual Departure of such Person from Great Britain, whenever the fame shall be certified to the said Com-

missioners by the Collector of the Customs, or his Deputy, or by any Officer of the Customs authorized by

such Collector or Deputy, at the Port of Departure of such Person 3 which Certificate every such Colleger

or Deputy fl ail give or cause to be given whenever required so to do by such Person for the Purposes afore-

said: Provided that no Person, being a Subject of his Majesty, shall be entitled to vacate such Charge in

respect c f Income arising in Great Britain, by occasion of his or her Departure from Great Britain within

the Year for which such Charge was made: Provided also, that in Default of a Certificate upon such De-

parture, the said Duties may be levied for the Whole of the current Year as any Debt to his Majesty upon

Record may be levied by Law, t

produced.for all Sums accrued prior thereto; in which Cafe the Charge may be vacated on Certificate from the Officer of the Customs at the

Port of Departure; but no Subject shall be entitled to vacate such Charge in respect of Income arising in Great Britain within the Year. In Dtnuk

cl Certificate, the Duties may be levied as a Debt upon Record to his Majesty,

- XXIV. Pro-

Digi led by to >Qle

