236 C.Ixix. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

and each such

Repretentative

to have cue

Vpte only j

ami on the

Dcatn, Remo-

val, &c. of any

such Repre-

fentatives, the

Common Coun-

cil to appoint

other* instead j

and if the Cor-

poration dif-

pose of Part of

the Stock, the

Num‘ er of such

Representatives

is to be lessened

one Vote only upon every Motion or Question to be decided or put at any such General Meeting, and shall

continue toad as such Representative, until he shall die or be removed or disqualified as herein-after is men-

tioned; and that from Time to Time, as and when any of the Representatives so to be appointed as last men-

tioned shall die, or be removed from such Office of Representative, or shall cease to be a Member, of the

last mentioned Court, they the said Court of Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council af-

sembled, shall rrppoint another Person, being a Member of that Court, to be a new or other Reprelenta-

tive, for the Purpose last aforesaid, in the Room of every such Representative so dying, being removed, or

c-afing to be a Member of the said Court, as Occasion shall require; and every such new or other Repre-

fentative shall or may attend and vote at the said General Meetings, in the same Manner as if he or they

had been crginally appointed for that Purpose; and in case the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens,

or their Successors, shall fell or dispose of any of the said Stock, then, and so often as the Cale shall happen

and require, the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall, within the

Space of twenty-one Days thereafter, revoke the Appointment of, and remove such a Number of the said

Representatives for the Time being, as shall be duly proportioned to the Stock fofold or disposed of, and so

as that there, may not remain more than one of such Representatives for every thousand Pounds of the re-

maining Stock then belonging to the said Mayor and Comnlonalty and Citizens, or their Successors.

in due.Proportion.

44 Qualification to vote.by twelve Months Possession of Stock, after twelve Months from the paflingofthis

44 Ad, of which Oath to be made at the’Ballot. $ 54. Five of the Directors to be a Quorum at their'

44 Meetings. Questions to be decided by a Majority; Chairman to have the Calling Vote. § 55,”

Directors em-

powered to

make Wet

Docks, &c. on

the isle of Dogs.

[*‘ § 74-]

A Wall.and

Ditch to be

built and made

round the Dock,

for unloading

Ships, and so

as also to inclose

the Quays and

Warehouses.

No House to be

built within

loo Yards of

the said WaJ,

on Penalty of

icol. and 50I.

per Mouth.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors and their Successors, so from Time to Time to

be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, shall be, and they^are hereby authorized and empowered by

themselves, their Agents, Workmen, and Servants, within the Space of five Years from and after the

passing of this Act, to design, lay out, make, and complete, according to such Plan or Plans; and in such

Manner and Form as they shall approve of* one or more navigable Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, and

Cut or Cuts, with Quays or Wharfs, and Warehouses adjoining, or attached to the fame, or to any

Part or Parts thereof, to be fituatedin such Part of the said Tract of Land called The IJJe of Dogs, as (halB

be to the Northward of the said intended Canal *, and on Part of the Ground herein-before authorized and^

directed to be purchased for, and conveyed to, or veiled in the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens

of the City of London, and their Successors, and to communicate with the River Thames at or near Limehouse

Hole aforesaid, and also at or near Blackwallaforesaid.

44 Directors also empowered to build Quays and Warehouses adjoining the Docks and Basons* $ 57,”

LV7III— And be it also enacted, That such of the said Docks as shall be used for the unloading^of Ships,

together with the Quays, Warehouses, and other Buildings to be made and built upon or near the Banks

thereof, shall be surrounded and inclosed by. a strong and durable Brick or Stone Wall, not less than thirty.

Feet high on all Sides, leaving only proper Spaces in such Wall for the Cuts and other necessary Entrances'

into fuen Dock, and for the proper and necessary Gateways through the said Wall; and immediately with-

out the said Wall, and on every Part of the Outside thereof, except where it shall adjoin any Dock or Bason

which may be made without the fame, there shall be a Ditch of twelve Feet at lead, which shall be al-

ways kept filled with Water to the Depth of not less than fix Feet; and which said Wall and Ditch the said

Directors are hereby authorized and required to build and make accordingly; and no House or other Build-

ing shall on any Account or Pretence whatsoever. be hereafter erected on the Outside of the said Wall, and

within the Space of one hundred Yards therefrom; and if any Person or Persons shall hereafter cred: any

House or other Building whatsoever, on the Ourlide of the said Wall, and within the last mentioned Distance

therefrom, he, she, or they so offending, (h,ill, for such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred

Pounds, and also the further Sum of fifty Pounds for every Month during which such Offender or.Offenders

shall permit such House, or other Building, or any of the Materials thereof, to (land or remain within thar

Distance from the said Wall.

Drains to be

ina.lt, to carry

oft Water from

private Proper-

ty, and to be

kept in Repair

by tive Com-

pany.

44 Directors empowered to build Piers at Blackwall and Limehouse Hole, to facilitate the Entrances into the

44 Docks, &c. but not to injure the Navigation. § 59. Power to make and repair Cuts, Sluices, Bridges,.

+ Roads, &c. §60.”

LXI. 4 And, to the End that the said intended Docks, Basons, and Cuts, last hereby authorized to be

4 be made, may be carried on and maintained with as little Damage to private Property as pofllble/ be it

further enacted, That the said Directors shall, and they are hereby authorized and required,-from Time to

Time, and at all Times hereafter, with Monies to arise to and be received by the said Company by virtue

of this Act, to make, or cause to be made, such Arches, Tunnels, Culverts, Drains, and other Passages,

over, under, adjoining, or by the Side of or into the said Docks, Basons, and Cuts, and the Trenches,

Streams, and Watercourses communicating therewith reflectively, and of such Depth, Breadth, and Dimen-

fions as shall be sufficient at all Times to convey the Water clear from the Lands, Tenements, and Heredi-

taments adjoining or lying near to the said Works, or any of them, without obstrucSting or impounding the

fame, provided that the fame be done to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Sewers, and of the said

Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or so as that they shall have no rea-

sonable Cause to disapprove thereof; and likewise to make, or cause to be made, any such Back Drain or

Back Drains as may be necessary, and shall be sufficient to carry oft any Water which may ooze or pass

through any of the Banks of the said Docks, Ba(ons, Cuts, and other Works, to the Prejudice of any of the

Lands,

