A.D. 1800.

Anno 39* Sc 40° Georgii III.

C. 54.

347

five hundred Pounds and upwards, which hath already been, or hereafter shall be so ascertained or declared

as aforesaid, to be due upon the Balance of such Accounts from the Publick to any Per foil or Persons what-

ever ; such Interest, in rtfpctft of such Sums as have been already so afccrta’ned or declared as aforesaid, to

commence;-at and be computed from the passing of this Act ; and in rtfpecl of such Sums as shall hereafter

be so ascertained or declared as aforesaid, to commence at and be computed from the Time of the complete

Delivery of such Accounts into the Office for auditing the publick Accounts, which said Inters It shall in

every Cafe continue to grow due, and be payable in respect of the said Principal Sums of Money, until the

said Principal Sums and every Part thereof shall be fully satisfiedand discharged.

complete Delivery of the Accounts into the

-XII. 4 And ttberras It is expedient to provide more effectually for compelling the Payment of Balances

c which are or may become due from publick Accountants ft be it therefore further enacted. That from 3nd

after the passing of this Act, the Commissioners of the Customs and Excite in England and Scotland resprcl-

ively, and the Commissioners for Stamps, and for the Affairs of Taxes, and alto his Majesty’s Poftmnfter

General, and the principal Officer or Officers employed in the Collection and Management cf any o:her

Branch of his Majesty’s Revenues, shall and they are hereby severally required forthwith to proceed with all

due Diligence, by Itgal Process or other lawful Ways and Means, to recover all Balances and Sums of

Money which have been ascertained to be due and now rem »in d ie to Ins Majesty from any Person or

Persons heretofore employed in the Collection or Receipt cf any h:s Majesty Y Revenues, under the Ma-

nagement of such several Commissioners and Officers respectively; and so from Time* to Tune, when and

so soon as any Balance or Sum of Money (hull be ascertained to be* due for Principal and Interest, or either

of them, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from any Person dying or going but of Office, who now

is or shall hereafter be employed in the Collection or Receipt of any cf his Majesty’s Revenues under the

Management of such several Commissioners and Officers icfpeflively.

XIII. And be it further enacted. That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Commissioners for

auditing the Publick Accounts, and the Auditors of the Land Revenue of the Crown, dial!, and they are

hereby severally required forthwith to proceed with all due Diligence, by legal Process or other lawful Ways

and Means, to recover all Balances and .Sums of Money which have been heretofore declared, to be due to

his Majesty, and now remain due; (except Balances due on Accounts Current;) and so from Time to

Time when and so often as any Account of the Receipt or Expenditure of Publick Money, which shall

have been audited by the said Commissioners and Auditors above-mentioned, shall be declared to be due for

Principal and Interest or either of them, ^except in the Cafe of Accounts Current,) the said*Commis-

sioners and Auditors shall without Delay cau'e the fame to be recorded in the Offices of his Majesty’s

Remembrancer, of the Lord Treasurer’s Remembrancer, and of the Clerk of the Pipe; and shall there-

upon, by Notice in Writing, require the Parties indebted upon such declared Accounts, or their Represent-

atives, to pay the Amount of the Balances due from the n into the Receipt of the Exchequer within three

Months from receiving such Notice; and in case the f id Balances shall not be paid, and legal Proof of

such Payment be not exhibited to the said Commissioners and Auditors, within the said three Months, they

the said Commissioners and Auditors respe£Hvcly are hereby required to proceed forthwith with all due Di-

ligence, by legal Procels or other lawful Ways and Means to recover the said Balances and Sums of Money

in which the said Parties or their Reprelentatives stand indebted.

50CI. and up-

wards, afccr-

tair.crt or de-

clared to I't due-

to Fubii:k A

counuiits*, till

the Whole He

dischargeq such

Interest to corn*

itier.ee froir> th*

Auditor’s (Jtnce.

The Comndf-

sioners of Cus-

toms and sex-

cife,fcr Stamps,

and for Taxes,

the Post-Mailer

General, and

the Principal

(Juicers em-

ployed in any

other Branch

of the Rcvtmie,

shall proceed to

recover all Ba-

lances due from

Personsemploy-

ed under them.

The Commis-

fiomrs for au-

diting the Pub-

lick Accounts

and the Audi-

tors of the Land

Revenue shall

proceed to re-

cover Balance*

now due,

(except on Ac-

counts Cur-

rent,) and when

any Account of

Publick Money-

audited by them

shall be dec 1*red

to be due, tlxiy

lh ;1! duly re-

cord the fame,

and require the

Parties to pay the Balances into the Exchequer within three Months, and if r.ot paid, shall proceed to recover the Money.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein before contained, shall extend to Atf not to

prevent any Charge of Interest on any Accountant, on the Ground of any Special Circumlbnces on which J>‘cvent "iy

such Accountant might have been charged with Interest if this Act hud not puffed., rest wh°re h™"

night have been charged before this Act.

XV, Provided also nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to

abridge or alter the Rights and Powers of his Majesty, ms Heirs and Succtftors, to controul, suspend, or

prevent the Execut'd) of any Process or Proceeding unJ.r tins Act, or otherwise, for recovering (uc’n Ba-

lances or Monies, or any Part thereof ; but that all such Rig.its and Powers shall remain in full Force and

Effect, so far as by Law they now ex;ft; any Thing lu-iein* before contained to the contrary nutwith-

standing.

XVI. And be it further enacted. That the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty "s TYeamry fhftl cause to

be laid before both Houses of Parliament, within fourteen Days atur iLc Commencement c.T every Sviiion,

a List of the Publick Accountants, in tclpedl of whom the Execution of any Procels or Proceeding under

.this Act, or cthcrwilb, for recovering any Balances so ascertained or declared to be dud from them for

Principal or Interest, or any Part thereof, hath been controuled, fuljrciuied, or prevented by the Authority

of his Majesty, his Heirs or Succeftois, within one Year preceding the Commencement of such Session,

specifying in such Lift the Amount of the Balances originally ascertained or declared to be due from such

Persons respectively, and the several Sums still remaining due from them, and the Cauics lor which the Exe-

cution of such Process or Proceeding has been controuled, suspended, or prevented.

ths Execution of ary Prcccfs hath been contrcuTd, fufpcndtd, rr prevented by Authority of his Majesty within the

Not to ahrid^e

tho Riglits of his

M ijt(ty t j ton-

troui, fu!pend,

or prevent the

Execution of

any Process for

recovering Ha*

lances, &rc-

Ti c Trcsfury

shall cvj'c to he

laid before Par-

liament, within

14 D.iyu afier

the Commence-

ment of every

Scftxon, a Lilt

of Publick Ac-

counrai.ts in

resptct of whom

preceding Y<mx

Yy

CAP.

