$8 C. 35, Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. Ai D. 1799.

once in the Spice of the three Months immediately preceding the Date thereof, by feme General or Field

te^wJSTn ^®cer cf his Majesty’s Regular Forces, or, if such Infpcetion shall not have taken place, that such Corps

tUrct Months, or Association is ready ami willing to be so infixed, at least tw.ee in the six Months immediately following,

byaGeiur:] or at its usual Place or Places and Times of Meeting; Copies of which Certificates shall be ccitihed by such

Held Oitkcr, or Lieutenant to the Clerk of the General Meeting, and by him to the Su'odivilion Meetings, together with the

fh.« it... r..;ily Muller Roils,

to be mfpeckJ.

Ccj\c$ ol Certificates Cull be ctrtilkfl to the Clerk of General Meetings.

Names of Per-

ions notifying

liUvr.t-cn ct

riil*:c:iitinu

T'uir Service,

«■»* bavin.; he. 0

Hifch.ir.ctH, thill

he inftitcH m

the Multrr Hoiis

and Monthly

Returns, and if

such Per foils

frail have been

prcvioutly

V. And be it further ena£led, That in the said Muster Rolls and Monthly Returns, there fh.ill be re-

gularly inferred the Names of every such Person as, having been enrobed in any Rich Volunteer Corps or

A.'U cijiion as aforef.iiJ, {hall, since the Date of the last Muller Roll or Monthly Return, have notified to the

Commanding Officer thereof his Intention of discontinuing his Service therein, or have been dnchaiged from

Rich Corps or Association by the Commanding Officer thereof, on Account of Non-attendance or other-

wife ; and that if any such Person, during the Period of his having been enrolled in Rich Corps or AfTo-

ciation, shall have beta drawn for the Militia, and have been exempted from Service theicin on Account of

his Enrolment and Service in such Volunteer Corps or Association, he shall, on such Resignation or Dis-

charge as afore I aid, be liable to serve for the Distri& in which he was drawn in the same Manner as if he had

not been exempted ; arc! if there shall be at that Time no Vacancy for the DistruSt for which he was drawn,

he or his Substitute shall be accounted as a Supernumerary for the fame until a Vacancy shall arise.

crawn for the Militia, nnd exempted, they frail, on such Resignation or Discharge, be liable to serve.

County Lieutc- VI. And, with a View to the better Execution of this A&, be it further enacted. That his Majesty’s

nantsflulltruif- .Lieutenants of the several Counties and Places in Great Britain, shall, once in every Year, transmit tp one

Secretary*of * 0* his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, an Abstradi of the several Muster Rolls so transmitted to them

State, aw Ab- respectively within the Year; which A b (tract shall express the Names of the leveial Corps or Allocations,

Ara a Of the the Number ofPersons enrolled and serving therein respectively, their Conditions of Service, and whether the

Roil. fame have been inspedted, or are willing to be inibedted, as aforesaid.

fuller Rolls, Vil. And be it further enacted, 1'hat the Muster Rolls, Returns, .and Certificates, respectively made up,

&c. in the returned, and certified, according to the several Forms thereof. A, B, C, and D, annexed to this Act, shall

«r?nftromcnu ^ deemed to Efficient and valid for the Purposes of the fame; but that if, from any Variation of Circuin-

9f a similar inu stances, or other Reason, these Forms should not be strictly adhered to, Instruments of a similar Import may

port, to be nevertheless be deemed sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid.

deemed valid.

Continuance of VIII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall have Continuance during the present War, and no longer*

Aik

* FORMS referred to in the above ACT\

A.

1 FORM of Muster Roll and Certificates, to be transmitted by the Commanding Officers of Volunteer

Corps or Associations to the Lieutenant of the County or Place, on or before the fifteenth Day of May

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and on or before the twenty-fourth Day of December^ in

that and ever Succeeding Year.

To J. B. his Majesty’s Lieutenant for the of

MUSTER ROLL of the Persons enrolled and serving in the of Voluntccers, or

Association, commanded by

No. Name. When enrolled. No. Name., When enrolled. No. Name. Wnen enrolled. No. Name. When enrolled. No. Name. Wl.cn enrolled. No. Name. When enrolled.

t 2 3 , 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 XI 12 *3 *4 15 C. D. E.F. G. If. 1 1 Ma *79+* •

AT. B. Difcbarged or quitted since the

Date of the last Muster Roll.

A.B.

C. D. See.

Signed Duember 24th. 17

K. L.

Commanding Officer.

CER-

L»

