66 C. 2r» Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A. D» 1799,

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all such Bodies Politick or Corporate, and Compa-

nies, who shall be desirous of making any such Sale or Sales as aforesaid, shall do and execute all such Acts,

Matters, and Things, (of completing such Sales as aforesaid, as the said CommuKoners, to be appointed for

the Purposes of this Act, shall from Time to Time require; and all and every the Purchasers of any Manors;

Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be sold by the Direction and under the

Authority of the said Commissioners to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, shall pay their respd&ive

Purchase Monies into the Bank of England? and do all such other Acts, Matters, and Things, as by the faqj

Adds are required to begone by Purchasers of Estates under the Authority of the same.

Corporations

shall do all

such Acts for

completing

S. lcs as the

Commissionera

flia 1 require:

And Purchasers

shall pay Mo-

ney into the

Bank as under former Acts.

EccUffastical

Persons, Scz.

may make

such Sales with

the Cqnljtnt

of Connnif-

sioners only.

38 Geo. 3.

c. 60. § 19. ad

fincm J

If Statements

made respecting

Contracts (or

such Saks are

not satisfactory

to ihcCom-

missionctb, they

may require

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any Thing in the said first recited

Ac! contained, requiring the Confirmation of certain Bodies and Persons to the Sale of any Estates belong-

ing to Spiritual and Ecclesiastical Bodies or Persons, no further or other Consent, Authority, Approbation,

or Confirmation, shall be required to enable such Sales by any Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Bodies Politick or

Corporate, whether Aggregate or Sole, for the Purpose of redeeming the Land Tax charged upon all or

any of his or their Estates, than such Consent, Aqthority, Approbation, or Confirmation, of the Coramif-

sioners to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, as is hereby required.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if the Statement made to the said Commissioners for executing the

Purposes of this Act, by any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies aforesaid, respecting any such

Contracts for Sale or intended Sales as aforesaid, or the Value of the Ellate or Estates proposed to be sold;

shall not be latisfadtory to the said Com mi (sioners, it shall be lawful for them to require such Information to

be given them respecting any Matters or Things relating to any such Contradls or Sales as they shall deem

necessary, and to receive any Affidavits or Depositions to be made before any Commissioners or Persons who

are or shall be authorized to take Affidavits in causes depending in any of the Courts at Westminster, or be-

in lor motion on fore any Justice of the Peace, respecting any such Matters or things relating to any such Contract or Sale as

and^reccfve aforesaid, which Affidavits or Depositions any two of such Commissioners, or any one Justice, or other

Depositions, Person aforesaid, is and are hereby empowered to administer.

Scc. made before Commissioners for taking Affidavits or one Justice of the Peace.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners to be appointed for the Purposes of this

Act, shall and may employ a Secretary, and all such other Officers and Persons as may be necessary; and

shall and may, from Time to Time, at their Discretion, ‘difmifs and discharge such Secretary, or other

Officers and persons, and appoint others in their Place.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’sTrea-

fury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to order and dire<9fc

any Sum or Sums of Money to be issued and paid out of any Aids or Supplies granted, or to be granted by

Parliament, for the Service of the Year in which such Expences shall be incurred, for the Payment of Sala-

ries to such Secretary and Officers, and for discharging such incidental Expences as shall necessarily be incurred

by the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as the said Lords Commissioners,

or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer, shall from Time to Time think fit and reason-

able in that Behalf.

X. And be it further enacted, That where any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-

ments, belonging to any Bishop or other Ecclesiastical Corporation, shall be fold in pursuance of this Act,

the Land Tax redeemed thereby shall be considered as Yearly Rent payable to such Bishop or Ecclesiasti-

cal Corporation, his and their Successors, over and above the reserved Rent if any, during the Demise exist-

ing at the Time of such Sale, and shall be recovered and paid as such; and the Land Tax lo redeemed shall,

in all future Demises of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be added to thq

ancient and accustomed Yearly Rent reserved or made payable during the Terms granted by such Demises,

and shall be reserved and made payable as such accustomed Yearly Rent, during the Terms to be granted

as aforesaid, and shall be recovered and recoverable as such accustomed Rent, by the like Remedies as such

Bishops or other Ecclesiastical Corporations may use for the Recovery of the ancient and accustomed Rent

refined upon such Demises.

XI. And be ic further enabled. That when on any Sale of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

or Hereditaments to be made by any such Person, Body, Corporation, or Company, by virtue of this

Act, it shall be agreed, that the rurchafe* Money shall be paid by Instalments, and the Purchaser or Pur*

chafers thereof shall fail or negle£l to pay any of such^lniialments, or the Interest thereon, or any Pare

thereof, into the Bank, in the Times stipulated in the Contract for the Payment thereof, or in the Manner

required by this Act, no such Person, Body, Corporation, or Company, nor the Executors or Admini*-

strators of any such Person, nor the Successor or Successors of any such Body, Corporation, or Company,

shall be subject or liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture by the said first recited Act imposed, in case of Default

in the Transfer of any of the Instalments agreed to be transferred on the Contract entered into by such

Person, Body, Corporation, or Company, for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on their Manors*

Messuages, Lands, Tenements,or Hereditaments; nof shall the Land Fax so contracted for be revived or agaia

become chargeable on the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereon the fame was

charged prior to such Contract; but all such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be paid, sustained, and borne by

such Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; and all thq

subsequent Instalments of such Purchase Money shall be recoverable as a Debt to his Majesty upon Record*

against him, her, or them, and against his, her, or their Estates, Goods, Chattels, and Effects. v

Commissioners

may employ a

Secretary,

Officers, fed

“The Salaries of

Secretary, Sec.

and Expences of

Commissioners,

to4je paid by

the Treasury.

Land Tax re-

deemed by

Bishops, ic.

to be in future

considered as

an additional

Yearly Rent, on

the present and

all future De-

an i ft s, of the

Lands.

XII. Pro-

