2 2

Tttnc for nrgif-

tcringCgntrads

enlarged.

§ 7

Regirtry of

Dee.lswhciethe

Consideration il

under aco 1.

The Ad of 38

Geo. 3. c. 60.

And this Act) to

be construed

together as one

Ad.

Office of Com-

missioner to cx*

tcute the said

Ad, not to be

deemed a Place

of Profit under

his Majesty.

Ad may be al-

tered or repeal-

ed this Session.

Cap. 60.

C. 6, 7. Anno tricesimo nono Gborgu III. • A.D. 179

XL VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to regiftfer any Central for the Redemption of

Purchase of any Land Tax, notwithstanding more than four Months shall have elapsed from the Day of the

Date thereof, provided that such Comract be registered, in Manner directed in the said Act, before the

Transfer of the second Instalment of such Stock to be made thereon, or within three Calendar Months from

the Time of making the Transfer of Stock thereon, in Cafe the whole Confederation shall be transferred at

one Time ; and all Contrails whereby the Consideration shall be agreed to be paid in Money, may be re-

gifterid in like Manner at any Time within three Calendar Months from the Time of Payment of such

Consideration. ,

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Registry of any Deeds required to be inrolled or registered

by the said Act, where the Consideration expressed therein respectively shall not exceed two hundred Pounds,

by the proper Officer appointed for rtgiftering Contradls under the said Act, shall be as valid and effectual

as if the fame were enrolled or registered in the Manner directed by the said Act; and such Officer is hereby

required to register the fame gratis.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted. That all and every the Provi/ions of this Act shall, in the Execution

of the said first-r$cited Ad of the thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, be used and applied, and construed, in like

Manner as if the fame Provisions were specially enacted in the said Act ; and all and every ihe Provisions of

the faiJ Ad shall, in the Execution of this Act, except where the fame are thereby expressly varied, be used

and applied, extended and construed, in like Manner as if the fame Provisions (except as aforesaid) were

specially enacted in this Act.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Acceptance of the Office of a Commissioner for the Redemp-

tion or Sale of Land Tax under the said Act, by reason of any Allowance for executing the fame, shall not

be deemed, taken, or construed to be a Place or Employment of Profit under His Majesty, notwithstanding

the Appointment shall be by Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, but that the lame shall be deemed,

taken, and construed to be a Place or Employment under the Authority of the said Act, to all Intents and

Purposes, and shall not impeach any Claim or Title which such Commissioners may have to any other

Allowance whatever under His Majesty.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any

Act or Acts to be made in the present Session of Parliament.

Schedule to which the Ad: refers.

FORM of the CERTIFICATE of the Contract, when the Consideration is to be paid in Money.

IT NOW all Men, That we A. B. and C. Z). two of the Commissioners appointed for the Purpofa of an

Ad [Here insert the Title of the Act of the thirty-eighth Year of His Present Majesty] for the [County,

Ridings or.] do hereby certify that we have contracted and agreed wither. B. for the Redemption by him

[or her, as the Cafe may require] of Land Tax, being the Land Tax

for Parcel of the Land Tax, as the Cafe may require] charged upon the [describe the Lands, &c ]. The

Consideration for the Redemption is declared to be so much of lawful Money of Great Britain9 to be paid to

the Receiver-General, or his Deputy, or Collector, [as the Cafe may require,] for the said [County, Ridings

Shire, tsV.] of as according to the current Price of Stock tranl nitted to such

[Receiver-General, or his Deputy, or Collector,] on the Day of [or if by Ifh I merits,

name the particular Days and Proportions,] will be sufficient to purchase Capital Stock

in the three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, such Price to be estimated according to the

current Price of Stock transferred in the Week preceding the Day of making the Contract: [Or the Day

of Payment, as the Cafe may require Or, if to be paid by Injlalments, the Days of Payment in respect of

each Instalment, with Interest, to be paid at the Time of the second and each subsequent Instalment, to the

_said Receiver-General or his Deputy, equal to the Amount of the Land Tax redeemed, deducting therefrom

a Sum bearing the fame Proportion to such Land Tax as the Amount of Stock to be purchased with the

Money paid before the Time of each Payment bears to the whole Amount of Stock to be purchased with

the Money agreed to be paid on such Contract.]

CAP. ,VII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Three* Millions by Way of Annuities.

[42d December 1798.]

4 Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 XT7E, ,Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

4 V V afierobled* being desirous to raifc the necessary Supplies which we have chearfully granted to Your

4 Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved that the Sum of Three Millions be raised by Annuities,

4 in Manner hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be

4 enacted, and be it enacted,*

44 Every Contributor of 100/. to be entitled to a Principal of 100/. in the 3 per Cent. Confols; and a Prin*

4< cipal of 87 /. 9 i. 6d. in* the 3 per Cent. Reduced. The Confols to commence from Jan. 5, 1799; and

* “ the

