A.D. 1800/ Anno 39" & 408 Georgii III. C. . 481

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons taking or appearing to take Persons Ilibk

ypon himself 01 themselves the Charge, Agency, or Consignment of any Ship or Ships, Vessel or V effelsf so toPilowg*.

charged or chargeable with the said respective Rates for Pilotage and extra Attendances, outward-bound,

shall be accountable to such River Pilot or Pilots for such Rates of Pilotage as shall be so due for fuqh Pi-

lotage outward according to the Rates aforesaid; and the fame shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale,

in Manner herein-after mentioned, upon any of the Goods, Merchandize, or Effects of the Petfon or Persons

so taking or appearing to take upon himself or thcmftlves the Charge, Agency, or Consignment of such Ship

or Ships, Veil'd or V die Is, after the Expiration of three Days from the Day on which such Pilotage shall have

been demanded.

On Nonpayment of Rate, Commissioners may distrain the Ship’s Tackle, &c. § 28.”

XXIX. 4 And whereas, it may happen that some of the said River Pilots may be unavoidably through Mailers forcibly

* Stress of Weather, or forcibly, carried to Sea beyond the Limits for Pilotage herein prescribed,’ be it there- p.^

fore further enacted, That the Master or Commander of any Ship or Vellel on board of which any such them Mates*

Pilot shall be forcibly, or through Stress of Weather unavoidably carried to Sea beyond the Limits aforesaid. Wages, and for-

shall pay to such'River Pilot, for the Time he shall be detained on board after passing the said Limits, the feit not exceed*

fame Wages as shall be payable by the said Mailer or Commander to the Mate of such Ship or Vessel, over inS *oI.

and above the Rate of Pilotage which he shall be entitled to as Pilot of such Ship or Vessel ; and in case

of any such Pilot being forcibly carried to Sea beyond the said Limits, otherwise than through Strefe of

Weather, such Master or Commander shall also forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty

Pounds.

Majority of Pilots may have a Joint Stock. § 30. Commissioners to keep Accounts of Money received

44 for Licences, fer Penalties, and of Diiburfements. § 31. Licence Money and Fines, (after paying Ex-

44 pences of the Act) to be applied for the Benefit of disabled Pilots, their Widows, &c. § 33. To enable

4t Commissioners to reward meritorious Pilots, z j- per Cent, may be retained by the Commissioners, out of

44 the Rates of Pilotage, &c. § 33. Accounts to be audited by five of more Commissioners. § 34. Pilots

44 not to keep Publick Houses. $35. Expences of obtaining this Act to be ascertained by the Commis-

44 boners. § 36. The/aid Expences to be raised by a Tonnage Duty of one Halfpenny per Ton. §37,3$.

44 Accounts to be kept by the Commissioners of the Receipts and Payments in respect of the Tonnage

44 Duty. § 39. Tonnage Duty to cease after the Charges are paid. § 40.”

XLI. 4 And whereas it frequently happens that Ships and Vessels are through Stress of Weather forced Commissioneri

e from their Anchors and Cables in the said River Humber, and the Entrance thereof, and unreasonable Sums «mpow«rcd to

* of Money demanded for Salvage by the Persons taking up such Anchors and Cables, and the Anchors and ^nchwiu6 ”

* Cables so taken up together with Buoy Ropes and Buoys belonging thereto, have freauently been clan-

€ deftinely secreted from the Owners thereof, and afterwards fraudulently fold and disposed of \ for prevent-*

ing such unreasonable Demands, and such Frauds for the future, be it further enacted, That it shall be law-

ful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and directed, upon Application to them for that

Purpose, to adjust and determine any Difference, whenever any such shall arise, between the Owner or

Master, or Agent for the Owner of the Anchors, Cables, or other Stores or Materials, of any Ship or Vef-

fel, which shall be found in the said River Humber, or the Entrance thereof, and brought to the said Port of

Kingston-upon-Hull> and the Person or Persons finding, taking up, and bringing the fame; and the Determina-

tion of the said Commissioners therein shall be final and conclusive ; and that if at any Time any Person or Persons finding

Persons shall find and take up any such Anchor, Cable, or any other Sort of Ship’s Stores or Materials, and Anchors, &c.

{hall not without Delay bring the fame to the said Port, or the Limits thereof, and within the Space of two A™11 brin8 the.m

Days from the bringing the fame into the said Port, or the Limits thereof, deliver the fame up to the Owner

thereof, or his Agent; or if any such Anchor, Cable, or other Ship’s Materials, so found, is not claimed by ^tth a

the Owner thereof, or his Agent, or such Owner or his Agent cannot be found or ascertained within the said Dcfcriyltion in

$pac6 ; then, if the Person or Persons finding and taking up such Anchor, Cable, or other Ship’s Materials, writing, in or- '

shall not land and put the fame in such publick Place near to the Entrance of the said Haven as the said dtr such

Commissioners shall appoint, and give Nonce thereof, with a particular Description in Writing of the fame, ^dvcr*C*

and of the Place where found, to the fa d Commissioners or their Clerk, in order that the Anchors, Cables;

or others Ship’s Materials so found and brought, may be advertized in such Manner as the said Commis-

sioners shall think proper ; or if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times, with an Intent to injure Persons taking

or defraud the Owner of any Anchor, Cable, or other Ship’s Materials, cut, break, destroy, or remove the away any Buoy,

Buoy, Buoy Rope, or other Mark or Fattening to any such Anchor, Cable, or other Ship’s Materials so &c. to forfeit

found as aforesaid, or when any such Anchors* Cables, or other Ship’s Materials are foundj shall alter or ^cxcccdhl8

deface the Marks thereof, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum

not exceeding twenty Pounds ; and if any of the said River Pilots shall be guilty ofany of the said Offences, he If Offence com.

{hall not only forfeit the said Penalty, but (if the said Commissioners shall adjudge proper) shall also from netted by

thenceforth be broke and disqualified from atfting as a Pilot; and there shall from Time to Time be paid to ^rokV.^

the said Clerk for the Purposes of this Act, for every Award the said Commissioners shall make upon any

Difference as to any Matter of Salvage being referred to them, the Sum of (even Shillings and Sixpence,

over and above the Stamp Duty chargeable on such Award, by the said Parties in Difference, in equal

Moieties; and for advertizing any Anchor, Cable, or other Ship’s Materials as aforesaid, the Sum of five

f Shillings, besides the Expences attending the fame, by the Person or Persons finding and bringing such An-

chor, Cable, or other Ship’s Materials, and the Owner thereof, in equal Shares.

39 & 40 Geo. III. 3 Q_ XLII. 4 And

