teen Days from

the Date, not-

'^vithllanding

any previous

Adjournment

to a longer

Day.

How Orders

made by Par-

liament shall be

deemed to have

been appointed.

0

38 Geo. 3. c. 6$.

T [« 9-]

Continuance of

rrecited Act*

C. 14—17: Anno 39* & 40* Georgi III. A.D. i8co*

thereby declaring that the said Parliament shall meet on a Day* being not less than fourteen Days from the

Day of the Date of such Proclamation, and the Houses of Parliament shall thereupon (land adjourned to

the Day and Place declared in such Proclamation* notwithstanding any previous Adjournment of the

Houses of Parliament to any longer Day, and notwithstanding any former Law, Ufagcx or Custom, to the

contrary.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and singular the Order or Orders which shall have been made by

either House of Parliament, and appointed for the Day to which such House of Parliament shall have

been adjourned, or to any Day or Days subseejuent thereto, other than and except any Order or Orders

that shall have been specially appointed for particular Days by either House of Parliament, and declared to

be so fixed, notwithstanding any Meeting of Parliament under this AS, and also except any Order or Or-

ders made under the Provisions of any Act of Parliament, shall be deemed and taken to have been appointed

'for the Day on which the Parliament shall meet in pursuance of such Proclamation.

CAP. XV.

An Act for continuirtg, until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of

the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for empowering his Majesty for a Time, and

SO an Extent to be limited, to accept the Services of such Parts of his Militia Forces in

this Kingdom as may voluntarily Offer themselves to be employed in Ireland.

[19th February 1800.]

XT WHEREAS an Act was made in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti-

1 YV tuled, An Act for Empowering his Majesty for a Time and to an Extent to be limited, to accept tht

4 Services of such Parts of his Militia Forces in this Kiigdom as may voluntarily offer themfe!*ves to be employed

in Ireland, which was to continue in force until the Expiration of one Calendar Month after the Day of

the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament; which said Act was further continued and

4 amended by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament*, and /urther continued by an Act of the pre-

4 sent Session of Parliament f, until the twentieth Day of February one thousand eight hundred: And

4 whereas, for the Purpose of effectually repressing the traitorous Deligns which have been prosecutedin

Ireland^ in Concert with a Foreign Enemy, and for protefting the Lives, Liberty, and Property, of

4 his Majesty’s faithful Subjects, it may be expedient that the Provisions of the said first-mentioned Act j

4 should be further extended for a limited Time :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be j

enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ana Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-. 1

rity of the fame, That the said Act shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued* until the Expiration of

Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XVI.

' An Act for continuing, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session

of Parliament, an Act, made in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, j

An Act for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in his Majestii \

Forces, by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Difcpe* j

dience. [19th February 1800.] -

44 [37 Gen. III. c. 70. {continued by 38 Geo All. c.6\ 39 Gee* III* c. 4. and of this Session) further

*4 continued.]”

CAP. XVII.

An Act to continue, until the first Day of March one thousand eight hundred and three, an Act, matte

in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for establishing Courts of Judicature in

the Island of Newfoundland \ and to continue, until tbp Expiration of forty Days after the Commence-

ment of the next Session of Parliament, several Laws relating to the Admission of certain Articles

of Merchandize in neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; to the au-

thorizing his Majesty to make Regulations refi>efting the Trade to the Cape of Good Hope -y and to

the enabling his Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into this Kingdom in neutral Ships.

[19th February 1800.]

u 33 Geo. III. r.76. further continued till ill March 1803. $ I. 35 Geo. III. c. 15; 35 Geo. III. c. 80;

and 36 Geo. III. c. 76. recited, and further continued till forty Days after the Commencement of next

44 Session. § a. 37'Geo. III. c. i\. recited, and further continued till forty Days after the Commencement

44 of next Session. § 3. 39 Geo. III.*, wa. recited, and continued till fojty Days after the Commence-

44 meat of next Se(£oa. $ 4.”

CAP.

- by

I

