A.D. 1799* Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 52, 53> 54*

sembled, and by the Authority of thle famet That so much of the said Act as relates to Penitentiary Houses

shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight them* asw

hundiedand two. totes to Peni-

tentiary Houses further continued tHl March 25,1802, {&« <r. 45, 46* 51. of tlh Stjfu«.]

CAP. LI II.

An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and

four, so much of an Act, made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present

Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland.—[13th June 1799.]

c XT WHEREAS an A St was made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti- *3Gc0-

4 VV tided. An Act for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of (c0”tinued bY

4 Great Britain called Scotland; and for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the twelfth Year of j 3 Geo. ’

4 His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to Bills and Promissory Notes: And whereas so much of the said Act c. 74.) incited:

4 as relates to the Payment of Creditors, and which was to continue in force for seven Years from the and so much

4 twenty-sixth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and from thence to the End thereof»relates

4 of the then next Section of Parliament, and which was continued and amended by two Acts of the thirtieth of Creditor k?

4 and thirty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, until the seventeenth Day of June one thou- Scotland, to be

4 sand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament, continued till

4 has been found useful and beneficial; and it is expedient that the fame should be further continued be it March 25,

therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame. That so much of the said Act as relates to the Payment of Creditors in that Part of Great Britain

called Scotland, shall be, and the fame is hereby .further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one

thousand eight hundred and four.

CAP. LIV.

An Act to indemnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties or Forfeitures under an

Ad, passed in the second Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act

concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakerss and other Artificers occupying the cutting of

Leather \ and to repeal Parts of the said Act, relating to the buying of Hides.

[13th June 1799-3

4 \YTHERE AS by an Act, passed in the second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King James the First, * Jac. 1. c. 21/

4 ▼ ▼ intituled, An Afl concerning Tanners, Curriers> Shoemakers, and other Artificers occupying the cut- "cited.

4 ting of Leather, it is amongst other Things enacted. That no Person or Persons shall bargain, buy, make

4 any Contra&for, or bespeak, any Rough Hide, or Calve Skin in the Hair, but only such Person or Per-

4 fons as by virtue of the said Act may lawfully use the Craft or Mystery of tanning of Leather, and shall

4 tan the fame, or such Person or Persons which {hall taw the fame; and that no Tanner or other Person

4 or Persons {hall forestal any Hides coming to any Fair or Market, not shall buy any Hide any other where

4 than in open Fair or Market, unless it be of such Person or Persons as shall kill the said Bead, whereof

4 the said Hide shall be for theProvision of his or their own House or Houses, upon Pain of the Forfeiture

4 therein mentioned : And whereas, notwithstanding the said Act, it has been usual and customary for -

4 Tanners to buy raw Hides of Persons who kill Beasts, whereof such Hides are taken, although (bch Beasts

4 have not been killed for the Provision of their own House or Houses, in consequence of which Actions have

4 been lately brought, and other Actions maybe brought against Tanners and others who have so bought raw

4 Hides, on the Ground that such Buying is contrary to the Prohibition of the said Act: And whereas the

4 Practice of so buying Hides was not introduced by the Persons against whom Actions have been brought,

4 but has been prevailing many Years, and particularly the Hides of Beasts bought and killed for the Pub- '

4 lick Service have ulually been sold to Tanners, and not in Publick Markets, and have been again sold by

4 the Purchasers without tanning or tawing the fame ; and it will be injurious to the Publick Service if such

4 Hides shall not continue to be so fold : And whereas the Actions lo brought might be attended with the

* Ruin of the Defendants: In order therefore to prevent such Litigation, Expence, and Mischief, may

4 it please your. Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That all and every Person or Persons against Persons indem-

whom any Action, Bill, Plaint, orlnformation hath been or shall he brought for any Penalty or Penalties

incurred before the passing of this Act, by reason of any Breach of the said Prohibition contained in the foj;

aforesaid Act, shall be, and is and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from the same ; any Thing curred uncttr

in the before-mentioned Act to the contrary notwithstanding. recited A&, for buying Hides otherwise than in open Market, &c.

II. Provided always,* That all Costs incurred in prosecuting any such Action, Bill, Plaint, or Informa- Gofts incurred

tion, shall be borne and discharged by the Defendant or Defendants in such Action, Bill, Plaint, orTnforma-

tionj and it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants, in any Action or Actions brought or to be be discharged by

0.2 brought Defendants,

