C. Ixxxvi.

A.D. 1800. Anno 390 & 40° Georgii III.

5° 9

Lands last herein-before direSed^o be set out arid allotted, be disqualified from voting at any Election or with Coils;

Ek&ions of Members to serve in Parliament. applicable as

the Commit-

sioners may direct. $ 7#.]

u Allotments for the Poor House of JValton. { 39. Allotment of theResidue. § 40—45.”

XLVI. * And whereas his said Majesty, as Lord of the said Manor of JValton Lci;h* and his said Royal Power to fell

c Highness Frederick Duke of York* and the said Richard Palmer* as Lessees of the said Manor, under

4 and by virtue of the said subsisting Lease thereof from the Crown, and his said Royal Highness Frederick Riglht *0 Tim-

c Duke of York, and the said Richard Palmer, as Lords of the said Manor of IValton-upon-floames, are re- ber and Trees*

4 spectively willing to release and discharge all Heriotsdueand payable to the Lords of the said Manors, out &c.

4 of, or from, or Tor, or in respect of any Customary or Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or He-

* reditaments held of the said Manors, and also to release and discharge all or any of the Customary or Co-

4 pyhold Lands heldof the said Manors, of and from all Claim and Right due by Custom of the said Ma-

* nors, or either of them, to the Lords thereof, of, in, and to any Timber or Trees felled upon* or from

4 all or any such Customary or Copyhold Lands, on being paid such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be

4 be found an adequate Recompence and Coropensation for the fame as herein-after mentioned •/ be it

therefore enabled, That if the Owner or Owners of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

within the said respective Manors of JValton Leigh and JValton-upon-Pbames, shall be defirousof making a

Satisfaction or Compilation for releasing and discharging such Estates of and from all Heriots, and all

Claim and Right of, in, and to such Timber and Trees as aforesaid, by Payment of a Sum of Money, and

lhallcause Notice thereof in Writing to be given to the said Commissioners, or any one of them, before

the making the Award herein-after last directed, then and in every such Cafe it shall be lawful for the said

Commissioners, and they are'hereby authorized and empowered and directed, to ascertain, fix, and deter-

mine what Sum or Sums of Money (houldbe paid byevery such Owner giving Notice as aforesaid, as and

for a full and equivalent Compensation and Satisfaction for releasing and discharging such Lftates of and

from all Heriots, and all Claim and Right of, in, and to such Timber and Trees as aforesaid ; and such

Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid to the said Commissioners for the Use of the Lords of the said respeCU

ive Manors, and the Lessees of the said Manor of JValton Leigh, in Proportion to their respective Interests

therein, at such Place or Places, and at such Time or Times, as the said Commissioners shall appoint; and

the Receipt or Receipts of the said Commissioners shall be a sufficient Discharge and Discharges to the said

Person and Persons for such Sum and Sums of Money so to be paid to them the said Commissioners as afore-

said ; and the Person or Persons paying the fame, shall not in any Cafe be answerable for the Application or

Misapplication thereof.

44 Customary or Copyhold Estates shall be tfifeharged accordingly from all Heriots, and Claim and Right to

4* Timber and Trees, &V. § 47.”

XLVIII. And be it further enacted. That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be paid For apprcnrla-

for releasing and discharging any Estate or Estates held of the said Manor of JValton Leigh, from the Pay- tltlf h,s

ment of Heriots, or for discharging any such Estate or Estates from any Claim or Right to Timber or Mone/rtcdv-*

Trees growing thereon as aforesaid, shall be divided by the said Commissioner into two distindl Parts or C(j for Heriots

Shares, in Proportion to the respective Interests of the King’s most Excellent Majesty as Lord of the said and Timber in

Manor, and of his said Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York, and the said Richard Palmer* _as Lessees of 1,1 - Manor of

the said Manor, and that the Share or Proportion thereof which shall be adjudged by the said Commissioners Wa,ton

to belong to his Majesty, shall be paid by the said Commissioners into the Bank of England\ to the Account

of the Commissioner of his Majesty’s Treasury, directed to be opened by an Act, passed in the thirty-

eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making perpetual* subject to Redemption and 38Geo. 3.C.60,

- Purchase in the Manner thereinJlated\ the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land § 47-

Pax* for one Year* from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight* and ap-

plied to or for the Purposes therein exprefl'ed.

4t Application of other Monies paid for relcafing Heriots, l$c. {49 — 51. Powers as to Allotments, Expences,

44 <3c* §52 — 71. An Award stating the several Allotments shall be made by the Commissioners. { 72.”

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to commissioners

make an Extract on Parchment under their Hands and Seals, of so much of their General Award herein- to make an £x-

before directed to be made, as shall contain an accurate Description of the Allotment or Allotments so to be trad of fomqch

made to his said Majesty, or his Leilee or Lessees, together with such Regulations or Provisions relative to of the Awr(1.

the said Allotment or Allotments, or to any other Rights or Intereib of his Majesty, or his Lcflee or Lef-

fees, as may be contained in such Award, and also a Map or Plan of such Allotment or Allotments, and jotment/ancl to

transmit the fame to the Surveyor General of his Majesty’s Land Revenue for the'Lime being, within (lx deliver the fame

Calendar Months after the making and executing the said Award, to be by him tiled and kept among the to the Surveyor

Muniments of his Office. General of the

Land Kcvcnuci

€t Two reduced Plans to be made of all the Lands afFcCted by the Act. § 74* General Powers. { 7 c-*

LXXXII. And be it further enacted. That nothing herein contained shall prejudice, lessen, or defeat, the Saving Rights

Right, Title, or Interest of his said Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or his Lessees, or his Lid Royal of his Majesty

Uighnels

