A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. lxix. 231

44 The Justicesat General or Quarter Sessions empowered to impose Fines not exceeding ten Pounds, on

<c Sheriffs, Jury, Witnesses, isfc. for Non-attendance, Neglect, is'e. $ 18. Corporations Sole or Aggregate,

44 Trustees, Committees, Guardians, and Executors and hemes Covert seised in their own Right,empowered

44 to sell and convey Lands, t5fc. § 19. Bargains and Sales acknowledged and enrolled in Chancery by

44 Femes Covert and all others to have the force of Fines and Recoveries. § 20. Upon Payment of the

w Value agreed for, (or addled, by a Jury under § 17.) the Premises to be conveyed to the Corporation of

44 London, or their Trustees. When a good Title cannot I e made, or legal Conveyances executed, or the

44 Parties are not to be found, ts'e. Court of Mayor and Aldermen may order the Purchase Money to be

44 paid into the Bank, £sV. subject to the Order of the Courtof Chancery on Motion or Petition. § 21.

44 Mortgagees, not in Possession on Tender of Principal and Interest due, with fix Month’s Interest more,

44 shall immediately convey, or on fix Month’s Notice on receiving Principal and Interest then due, or 011

<c Refusal, Interest to cease. § 22. Upon Payment of Mortgage Money into the Bank, (at the End of such

44 fix Month’s Notice,) Premises to vest in the Corporation. § 23, Verdicts and Judgements of the

44 Justices and Juries, and Receipts of Cashiers of the Bank, to be entered among the Records of the

44 Quarter Sessions. Immediately after Verdicts, Judgements, Payments, &c. Premises to vest in the

44 City. § 24.”

XXV. A nd be it further enacted, That if any Money or Recompence shall be to be paid for any Houses > P^chafe Mo-

Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be purchased, taken, used, or damaged, for

the Purposes of this Act, to or for the Benefit of any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporation of Premises be-

Aggregate or Sole, Feme Covert, Lunatick, or Person under any other Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, longing to iu-

such Money or Recompence shall, in case the fame be not less than the Sum of one hundred Pounds, with all capacitated Per-

convenient Speed be inverted in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Here- &c. to be

ditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled upon, and subject to the like Uses, Trusts, and Limitations, pJrchWof C

as the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, belonging to such Body Politick, Corpo- ot^,- premises

fate, or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Feme Covert, Lunatick, or other Person as aforesaid, to be settled to

and so to be purchased, taken, uled, or damaged, for the Purposes of this Act, were settled, limited, or the like Uses 5

affined; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase can be had, such Money shall be paid into the and in the mean

Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chan- Time such Mo*

ceiy, to be placed to his Account there, ex parts the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, or their ?ey tobc Paid

Successors, pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the twelfth Year-of King George the First, ^e^iaGeo 1*

Chapter the Thirty-second, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, accord- -jl/and

ing to the Act of the twelfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter the Twenty- fourth, and shall, when VaCco.*. c 24.

so paid in, be laid out in the Purchase of Navy or Vidluailing Bills, or Exchequer Bills, and the Interest and laid out

arising from the Money laid out in such Bills, and the Money received for the fame as they shall respectively ‘"Navy,

be paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the Name of the said Accountant General in the Purchase

of other Navy or Vidluailing Bills, or Exchequer Bills; all which said Navy or Victualling Bills and Exche- jn theNamc of

quer Bills shall be deposited in the Bank, in the Nameofihe said Accountant General, and shall there remain the Accountant

until a proper Purchase or Purchases shall be found and approved of by the said Mayor, and Com- General,

monalty, and Citizens, or their Successois, and until the fame shall, upon a Petition setting forth such Ap-

probation, (to be preferred to the Court of Chancery in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who

would be entitled to the Rents and Profits of any of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Heredi-

taments, to be purchased therewith, if the fame were purchased and settled,) be ordered to be sold by the said

Accountant General for completing such Purchase, in fqch Manner as the said Court shall think just and

direct; and it shall be lawful for the said Court to make such Order or Orders in a summary Way,

touching the Payment er Application of the Monies so to be paid into the Bank, and touching such Navy,

Victualling, or Exchequer Bills, and the Interest thereof, in pursuance of the Directions of this Act as the

said Court shall think fit; but in case any such Money shall be less than the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and But If such Mo*

not less than the Sum of twenty Pounds, then such Money shall be paid to such Person or Persons as the ney be less than

Party or Parties entitled thereto shall respectively nominate to receive the same, in Trust, with all convenient 0BC hundred

Speed, to be reinvested in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and not

which shall be conveyed to, and settled upon, and subjecI to, the like Uses, Trusts, Limitations, Remain- pounds"

ders, and Contingencies, as the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be fame tobc paid

purchased or damaged as aforesaid, wertfrc-speclively settled, limited, or allured to, upon, or subjecI to, at to such Persons

the Time of purchasing or damaging the fame, or such of them as at the 7'ime of making such Conveyances as Parties

and Settlements {hail be existing, and capable of taking Eftect; and in the mean Time, and until such Pur-

chafe or Purchases shall be made, the said Money shall be placed out by or on Behalf of such Bodies Politick, Trust, to be

Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, in some inverted in the

of the Publick Funds, or on Government or Real Securities, in the Names of two or more Persons to Purchase of

be nominated by the Party or Parties interested therein, and to be approved of by the said Mayor, and oth"i>rCimJfei

Commonalty, and Citizens, or their Successors; and the Dividends or Interest arising, or to be produced from tl°Jnke Uses*0

such Funds or Securities, shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively as would, for the Time and in the mean

being, be entitled to the Rents and Profits of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- Time, such

ments, (b to be purchased, conveyed, and settled by virtue of this Act: And the said Mayor, and Com- Monies to be

monalty, and Citizens, and their Successors, and the other Person or Persons to whom the Mayor, Aldermen, Place(? ?ut.on

and Commons of the said City, shall order or direct the said Premises for which such Money shall have been Namesof Trust

so paid as aforesaid, to be conveyed as before mentioned, shall be quieted in the Seisin and Possession of the tcCs, for the

Houses* Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for which such Money shall be so paid as afore- Benefit of the

said, Partita entitled.

