C. 87. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

t?Cf.in.1°: is directed in and by the said A d of the second Year of his Majesty’s Reign, with respect to Convictions

Lonfon” b the un<*cr ^at Ad, and m&y a  drawn up in such Form and Manner as is appointed in and by the said AS*

Lord °M ay or, anc* neither such Convi£lion,* or any Proceeding previous thereto, shall be removed by Certiorari or other-

ax. ’ wife into any Court of Record, but such Conviction shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes

Conviction to whatsoever.

be certified,

arc. as directed by a Geo. 3. c a8. [§ 11.] and may be drawn up in the Form.appointed thereby, and shall be final.

Misdemeanors:

tinder % Geo. 3.

c. a 8.

$ 10. of that

SW,] maybe

punched cither

under that Act

or under this.

Persons guilty

of Offences pu~

niftuble by last

recited Act

H 1*.] by

Transportation

for 14 Years,

shall plead to

fndidlments

without having

Time to traverse.

XXI. And whereas the Punishrnents for Misdemeanors, provided in and by the said Act of the second

4 Year of his present Majesty's Reign, have been found insufficient for the preventing of such Offences;*

be it enacted, That every Person who shall be guilty of any of the several Offences respectively made and

declared to be Misdemeanors in and by the said Act, shall and maybe punished, at the Discretionof the

Justice or Justicesby or before whom the said Offender (halH>e convicted, either with the Punishment ap-

pointed in and by the said Act, or by such other Punishment or Punishments as is and archereby appointed

for and in Cafes of Offences declared to be Misdemeanors in and by this present Act.

XXII. And whereas in and by the said last-mentioned Act, Persons guilty of certain Offences are pu-

ni(liable by Transportation for fourteen Years, but the said Offences not being by the said Act declared to

4 be Felony, the Trial thereof may in all Cafes be put off, by Means of a Traverse, to the next Sessions after

the finding of the Bill of Indictment for the fame, and the Offender be in the meanTime liberated, on being

4 admitted to Bail, whereby Justice has been in many Instances eluded ;* for Remedy thereof, be it further

enacted. That, from and after the passing of this Act, whenever any Indictment shall be found against any

Person or Persons for the said Offences, or any of them, the Person or Persons so indicted shall plead to the

same Indictment without having Time to traverse the fame, as is usual in Cafes of Misdemeanors.

Nothing herein XXIII. Provided always, and^e it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained stall extend to

Lo* thC deprive the Lord Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, of any Right, Privilege, or Ju-

ice! of'London rifdidion heretofore lawfully claimed, exercised, or enjoyed, within the T own and Borough of Southwark,

their Rights! or the Liberties thereof, or to prevent the said Lord Mayor for the Time being, or the Aldermen of the

said City for the Time being, and the Recorder of the said City for the Time being, from adingas Justices

of the reace within the said Town and Borough of Southwark and the Liberties thereof, in such and the

like Manner as they could or might have done in case this Act had not been made; nor to deprive the Lord

Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the said City, of any Right, Privilege, Immunity, or Jurisdic-

tion which they have heretofore lawfully claimed, exercised, or enjoyed upon the River or the

Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being as Conservator of the said River; nor to prevent the said

Lord Mayor for the Time being, and the Aldermen and Recorder of the said City, from acting'as Justices

of the Peace upon the said River, or taking Cognizance of Offences committed upon or within the Limits

of the fame, in such Manner as they might or would have done in case this Act had not been

made.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Clauses and Provisoes mentioned and contained in the said

Ad of the thirty-second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, touching and concerning the Prohibition re-

lative to the taking of Fees to the Use of Individuals, the Incapacity of the Justices with regard to their fit-

ting in Parliament, and the Restrictions and Penalties imposed on the Justices, Receiver, and Constables,

with regard to their interfering in Parliamentary Elections; and also all the Clauses and Provisoes men-

tioned and contained in the said Act of the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, respecting the

searching and detaining of Boats on the said River, or the seizing and detaining of Goods fut>

peded to be stolen, and the Persons suspeded to be guilty of dealing the fame, and the Mode

of proceeding with respect thereto, and respecting the Discovery, Apprehension, and Punishment

of Offenders, and respecting the obstructing the Execution of the said Act, and respecting the com-

mencing or prosecuting of Actions against Justices or their Officers, shall be deemed, construed,

and taken to be, and the fame are hereby declared to extend to and to be Parts of this Act, as if the

fame were herein specially repeated and re enacted; and that all Justices to be from Time to Time ap-

pointed underand by virtue of this Act, and all Constables and Surveyors to be from Time to Time ap-

pointed by the said Justices, shall have all such Powers, Privileges, and Protedions, in all Respects whatfo*

ever, in the Execution of the said Acts and of this Act, as any Justice, Constable, or other Officers or Per-

fons could or might by Law have under the said Acts, or either of them, except in as far as the fame are va-

ried in and by this present Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick

Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever,

without the fame being specially pleaded.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and continue in force from the passing thereof

until the twenty-fifth Day of March which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and

(even, and no longer.

All the Powm

find Provifjom

of 32 Geo. 3.

c 53. and

a Geo. 3. c. a8.

extended to

this Act; ex-

cept as far as

the fame are

varied hereby.

Fubfcck A a.

Continuance of

Ad to March

*5, 1807.

CAP.

