x* • The TITLES of

\

46. An Act for the more easy and expeditious Recovery of

Small Debts, and determining Small causes in that Part of

Great Britain called Scotland. Page tzo

47. An Act for repealing the Rates and Fares taken by Li*

censed Hackney Coachmen, and for establishing other

Rates and Fares in lieu thereof; and for explaining and

amending several Laws relating to Hackney Coaches and

Chairs. 324

48. An Act to repeal the Duties on Sugar and Coffee ex-

ported, granted by an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth Year

fcf his present Majesty’s Reien, for allowing British Planta-

tion Sugar to be warehoused; for reviving so much of an

Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the average

Price of Sugar,^ and regulating the Allowance of Draw-

back on the Exportation thereof; and for allowing cer-

tain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, until the tenth Day

of May one thousand eight hundred and one. ^27

49. An Act for the better ascertaining and collecting the Du-

ties granted by several Acts passed in the last Session of

Parliament, relating to the Duties on Income ; and to ex-

plain and amend the said Acts* 329

50. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the

seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second,

intituled, An AR to amend and make more effectual the Laws

relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly

' Persons, and to Houses of Carre Elion* 339

51. An Act to permit Blubber from the Greenland Fishery

and Davis's Streights to be boiled into Oil after the Arrival

of the Ships from the Fishery, and for charging the Duty

thereon; for altering the Convoy Duty now payable on

the Importation of Opium; for repealing the Duties on the

Importation of Oil of Turpentine and Tar, and charging

^ other Duties in lieu thereof; for exempting Burr Stones,

and Stones used for the Purpose of paving or the making

or mending of Roads, from the Duties charged thereon

* when carried Coastwise; for obliging Matters of Ships

. laden with Tobacco to remove the fame from their Moor-

ings when their Cargoes are discharged ; and for extending

Bonds given on licenfine Ships, Vessels, or Boats, to all

Cafes wherein Ships, Vessels, or Boats may be liable to For-

feiture. 340

52. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money, to be raised by a Lottery. 343

53. An Act for granting a Bounty on the Importation of

Rye, until the fifteenth Day of GElober one thousand eight

hundred. 344

54. An Act fbi* more effectually charging Publicle Account-

ants with the Payment oflnterest ; for allowing Interest to

them in certain Cafes; and for compelling the Payment of

Balances due from them. Ibid.

55. An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the last

Session of Parliament, for the Augmentation of the Sa-

laries of the Judges of the Courts in Westminster Hall, and

also of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Juf-

ticiary, and Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, as relates to

the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session, Judi-

ciary, and Exchequer in Scotland* 348

56. An Act for Relief of Persons entitled to entailed Estates

to be purchased with Trust Monies. Ibid.

57. An Act for enabling the Barons of the Court of Exche-

quer in Scotland to advance to the Lord Provost and Ma-

gistrates of the Cky of Edinburgh, for the Purpose of com-

pleting the Improvements of the Harbour of Leith, a cer-

tain Sum, beingPart o( the Money which by an Act of the

last Session of Parliament was directed to be paid into the

laid Court of Exchequer by the Proprietors of the Forth

and Clyde Navigation, 349

the STATUTES. ,

58. An Act for further continuing and amending an Act,

made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling his

Majesty to prohibit the Exportation and permit the Im-

portation of Corn ; and for allowing the Importation of

other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty.

Fage 349

59. An Act to remove Doubts arising from the Construction ,

of-an Act made in the thirty-ninth Year of his present Ma-

jesty’s Reign, intituled, An Arl for permitting certain

Goods imported from the East Indies to be warehoused, and

for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and gi anting

other Duties in lieu thereof. Ibid.

6o- An Act to lessen the Duties on Wine and Spirits the

Produce of the British Settlement of the Cape of Good

Hope ; and to empower the Importers to land the lame be-

fore Payment of the Duties of Excise, and to lodge the

fame in Warehouses ; and to allow the fame to be shipped

free of Duty as Stores, to be consumed on board Mer-

chants’ Ships on their Voyages. 350

6i* An Act to revive and continue, until the first Day of

July one thousand e:ght hundred and one, such Part of an

Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, for redu-

cing the Duties upon Spirits distilled from Melasses or

Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, and for other Purposes,

as relates to the Duties on Wort or Wafti brewed or made

from Melasses or Sugar. 352

62. An Act to allow, for nine Months after the patting of

the Act, the Use of Sugar in the brewing of Beer. 353

63. An Act for repealing Part of the Duties and Drawbacks

of Customs on Kid Skins imported, and the Exemption of

imported Kid Skins from Excise Duty, on being dressed in

Great Britain. y Ibid.

64. An Act for permitting the free Importation of Linseed

Cakes and Rape Cakes in Neutral Ships. 354

65. An Act to continue, until the first Day of January one

thousand eight hundred and four, several Acts relating to

the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neu-

tral Ships, and to the issuing of Orders in Council for that

Purpose. * Ibid.

66. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the second

Year of King James the First, as prohibits the Use of

• Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes; and for better

preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the

flaying thereof. Ibid.

67. An Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland*

359

68. An Act for extending the Powers of the Commissioners

named in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament,

intituled, An AElfor appointing Commissioners to put in Exe-

cution an ASl of this Session of Parliament, intituled., 4 An Act

4 for continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Pen-

* ftons, Offices, and Personal Estates in England, Wales*.

4 and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain

4 Duties on Sugar, Malty Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service

4 of the Year one thousand eight hundred,' together with those

named in two former AEls for appointing Commissioners of

the Land Tax\ for indemnifying such Persons, named in

the said Act, as have acted as Commissioners of the Land

Tax; and for rendering valid certain Acts done by them.

375

69. An Act for repealing the Duties on Perfumery and on

Licences for vending the fame. 376*

70. An Act to exempt from Duty Waste Paper imported

into this Kingdom, for the Purpose of being re-manufac-

tured, except the Duty iinpbfed by an Act of the thirty-

eighth Year of the Rei^n of his present Majesty, for the

better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for

v granting

