A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. C. 25—27. 585

II. Provided always, and J>e it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall prevent or hinder the But

United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, from demanding and receiving

any Duty or Allowance now due and payable to the said Company by virtue of any Act or Acts of

Parliament. them.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for.continuing until the first Day of June one thousand eight hundred and one,

the several Acts for regulating the Turnpike Roads in Great Britain, which expire at

the End of the present Session of Parliament. [31ft "December 1800.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the several Acts for making, amending, and repairing the Turn- AHAOsftrnu-

VV pike Roads in Great Britain, which will expire at the End of the present Session of Parliament, and repair.

4 should be continued for a limited Timebe it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present which would

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That all and every Act and A its of Parliament expire at the

for making, amending, and repairing, any Turnpike Roads in Great Britain, which will expire at the End End of the pre-

of the pretent Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is and are hereby continued until the first Day sent Seffi°D>

oijvne one thousand eight hundred and one. t^cT^oT'

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for extending the Time for the Payment of certain Sums of Money advanced

by way of Loan to several Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of

Grenada and Saint Vincent. ’ [31ft "December 1800.3

4 X T WHEREAS an Act was passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to

VV direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Purposes and in the Manner Gco. -

4 therein mentioned: And whereas Exchequer Bills were issued under the said Act to certain Commission- £. 127/

4 ers therein named to a large Amount, and were by them advanced to certain Persons connected with and

4 trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, on certain Terms and Conditions r And whereas an

4 Act was pafledrin the thirty-seventh Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for allowing further Time for Payment 37 GEO. 3. c.*7#

4 of Instalments to become due on certain Sums advanced by way of Loan, pursuant to the said first-men-

tioned Act; and for granting further Relief to Persons connected with and trading to the said Islands:

And whereas an Act was passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for allow- 39(5*0 3.C. if,

4 ing further Time for the Payment of Instalments* to become due on the said Loans: And whereas 39 4°

c another Act was also passed in the second Session of Parliament in the said thirty-ninth Year of the Reign Cc?- 3* c*

4 of his present Majesty for allowing further Time for the Payment of a certain Proportion of the Instal^ rccl c

4 merits then and to become due on the said Loans: And whereas Circumstances have occurred which ren-

4 der it expedient to continue the Powers of the said Acts, and further to extend the Time for the Repay-

4 ment of the Instalments remaining due on the said Loans of Exchequer Bills, upon the Terms and Con-

ditions hereinafter specified;’ be it therefore enacted,

44 Persons may apply to the Commissioners to have the Tims' fpv Repayment of Loans extended, who

44 may extend it as herein specified. f 1. [as under 39 and 40 Geo. a* r. 13. § 1.] Sureties willing to re-

44 main so for Repayment of any Loan or any Part thereof, separated under this Act, at the extended Times*

44 shall signify their Consent to the Secretary, in the Form in the Schedule A. 5 [* under 39 and 40

44 Geo. 3. r. 13. S Commissioners shall meet to receive, or appoint Personte to receive. Applications

44 for Extension of Times for Repayment of Loans* and fix Days for taking them into Consideration. § 3.

£as under 39 and 40 Geo. 3. c. 13. $ 3.]” *

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Persons or Person, making such Application to tfw Commissioners

laid Commissioners, shall be required by the said Commissioners to give any new Security or Securities, or ‘may grant 10

to produce any new or other Surety or Sureties, and shall not, previous to or upon any of the said Instal- 1 ^endeT

merits becoming due and payable under the said recited Acts, be prepared to tender such fofficient Security Securities

or Securities, or Sureties or Surety, as shall by the said Commissioners be deemed requisite; or in case such or Sureties pre.

Perform or Persons shall prove to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners, that by Reason of the Distance at vious to inflaU

which any Sureties or Surety are then vending, the Consent of such Sureties or Surety under this Act can- n*nts becoming

not immediately be procured, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by Writing under the Hands of ^me^nenex-*

any three or more of them, to grant to such Persons or Person such further Time for the procuring and cccding four"

tendering such Security or Securities, or procuring the Consent of any such Surety or Sureties, as they in Months, the

their Di(cretiom(hall think fit to allow, not exceeding the Period of four Months from the Time of granting Grant of which

such further T ime as aforesaid, and every Grant of such further Time as aforesaid shall be in the Form in ^a11 bc ,n the.

the Schedule to this Act annexed maikcd B,; and in the mean Time, and until the Expiration of the Time schedule BC

41 Gso. IIL 4F so

