A.D. 180a. Anno 39° 6c 40* Georgii III*

C. 67.

$59

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, [ad July 1800.]

WHEREAS in pursuance of his Majesty’s most gracious Recommendation to the two Houses of

c VV Parliament in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, to consider of such Measures as might best

4 tend to strengthen and consolidate the Connection between the two Kingdoms, the two Houses of the

4 Parliament of Great Britain and the two Houses of the Parliament of Ireland have severally agreed and

€ resolved, that, in order to promote and secure the essential Interests of Great Britain and Ireland. and to

4 consolidate the Strength, Power, and Resources of the British Empire, it will be advisable to concur in

such Measures as may best tend to unite the two Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland into one King-

4 dom, in such Manner, and on such Terms and Conditions, as may be established by the Acts of there-

4 spective Parliaments of Great Britain and Ireland:

4 And whereas, in furtherance of the said Resolution,both Houses of the said two Parliaments respectively TheParlla-

have likewise agreed upon certain Articles for effectuating and establishing the said Purposes, in the Tenor

^ following-/ land have

agreed upon the Articles following.

ARTICLE FIRST.

That ft be the first: Article of the Union of the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, that the said That Great Bri-

Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland shall, upon the first Day of January which shall be in'the Year of tain and Ireland

our Lord one thousand eight hundred and one, and for ever after, be united into one Kingdom, by the Name

of The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and that the Royal Stile and Titles appertaining to the

Imperial Crown of the said United Kingdom and its Dependencies, and also the Ensigns, Armorial Flags

and Banners thereof, shall be such as his Majesty, by his Royal Proclamation under the Great Seal of the

United Kingdom* shall be pleaded to appoint*

—> ~i—■

Jan. 1.1801,

be united

t united into

one Kingdom 3

and that the

Titles apper-

taining to the

Crown, Ice. shall be such as his Majesty shall be pleased to appoint.

ARTICLE SECOND-

That it be the second Article of Union, that the Succession to the Imperial Crown of the said United

Kingdom, and of the Dominions thereunto belonging, shall continue limited and settled in the same Manner

as the Succeifion to the Imperial Crown of the said Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland now stands li-

mited and settled, according to the existing Laws, and to the Term* of Union between England and

Scotland*

ARTICLE THIRD,

" That it be the third Article of Union, that the said United Kingdom be represented in one and die fame

Parliament, to be filled The Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

ARTICLE FOURTH.

That it be the fourth Article of Union, that four Lords Spiritual of Trelandby Rotation of Sessions, and

twenty-eight Lords Temporal of Ireland, elected for Life by the Peers of Ireland, shall be the Number to

fit and vote on the Part of Ireland in the House of Lords of the Parliament of the United Kingdom; and

one hundred Commoners (two for each County of Ireland\ two for the City of Dublin, two for the City of

Corky one for the University of Trinity College, and one for each of the thirty-one most considerable Cities,

Towns, and Boroughs), be the Number to lit and vote on the Part of Ireland in the House of Commons of

the Parliament of the United Kingdom:

That the Suc-

cession to the

Crown shall

continue limited

and settled as at

present.

That the Uni-

ted Kingdom

be represented

in one Parlia-

ment.

That four Lords

Spiritual, and

aS Lords Tem-

poral, and ico

Commoners,

shall fit and

vote on the Part

of.Ireland in

the Parliament’

of the United Kingdom.

That such Act’

as shall be

passed in Ire-

land to regulate

the Mode of

fumraoning

and returning

the Lords and Commoners to serve in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, shall be considered as Part of the Treaty of Union.

That all Questions touching the Rotation or Election of Lords Spiritual or Temporal of Ireland to fit in That allQuef-

the Parliament of the United Kingdom, shall be decided by the House of Lords thereof; and whenever, by tions touching

reason of an Equality of Vote? in the Election of any such Lords Temporal, a complete Election shall not ei^oiTof”

be made according to the true Intent of this Article, the Names of those Peers for whom such Equality of 1 ,on

Votes shall be so given, shall be written on Pieces of Paper of a similar Form, and shall be put into a Glals,

by the Clerk of the Parliaments at the Table of the House of Lords, whilst the House is fitting 3 and the

Peer or Peers, whole Name or Names shall be first drawn out by the Clerk of the Parliaments, shall be

deemed the Peeror Peers elected, as the Cafe may be:.

That such Act as shall be passed in the Parliament of Ireland previous to the Union, to regulatethe Mode

by which the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, to serve in the Parliament.of the United

Kingdom on the Part of Ireland, shall be summoned and returned to the fai^l Parliament, shall be confvdered

as forming Part of the Treaty of Union, and shall be incorporated in the Acts of the respective Parliaments

by which the said Union shall be ratified and established:

Lords of Ire-

land to fit in the

United Parlut-

raent shall be

decided by the

House of Lords

thereof. Equality of Vote«»

That

