3©o

C. 28V

Anno 39" & 40®' Georgii Ilf. A. D. x-8c.o»

Jf Exchequer

Fil!» become

payable pui fu-

ar.t to fu^h No-

tice,Difeourt to

b* aUowcd, &c.

lor the unex-

p red Term.

Such Part of the

reared Act

*1 Geo. 3. as

relates to the

determining the

Corporation of

the Bank, tec.

repealed : and

the Bank to re-

main a Body

Corporate, &c.

and to enjoy an

exclusive Privi-

lege of Banking,

tee. fu! jest to

the Power of

Redemption in

this Act.

3 beo. 1. c. 8.

or out of any of the Aids or Supplies which shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year irr

which such Notice as aforesaid shall expire; and in case sufficient Aids or Supplies for that Purpose shall

not be granted by Parliament previous to the Expiration of such Notice as aforesaid* then all the said Ex-

chequer Bill*, with the Charges incident to or attending the fame, shall be and are hereby charged anti7

chargeable upon such Monies as at any Time or Times, at or after trie Expiration of the said Notice, shall

be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer arising from the Cordolidated Fund, (except such Monies of

the said Consolidated Fund as shall be appropriated to any particular Uie or Uies, by any Act or Acts of

Parliament in that Behalf ) ; and such Monies of the said Conlhlidated Kurd thall and may be issued and ap-

plied as soon as the fame can be regularly Rated and ascertained for and towards paying off, cancelling, and 1

(iifeharging such Exchequer Bills and Charges, until the .Whole of them shall be paid eff, cancelled, and

discharged, or Money fuiilrient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on

Demand to the respective Holdeis or Proprietor thereof

XII. Provided also, and he it further enacted, T hat in case the Exchequer Bills, to be issued in pursuance

of this Act, shall becorr e payable at any 'Time previous to the Expiration of the said Term of six Years, in

pursuance of such Notice as aforesaid. then and in that Cafe the said Governor and Company of the Bank:

of England shall dedudl and allow out of the Whole or such Part of the said Excnequer Bills as they shall

hold or retain in their Hands or Possession, a Difcrxmt, at and after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per

/innum, for such Part of the ftidTerm of six Years, as shall remain unexpired at the Expiration cl such^

Notice as aCrefaid ; and in case the Whole of the said Exchequer Bills (halihot, at the Expiration of such -

Notice, be remaining in the Hands or Possession of the said Governor and Company, then and in that Cafe

they shall and will, on or previous to the Expiration of such Notice, pay into the Receipt of his Molly’s

Exchequer a Discount upon the Whole or such Part of the said Exchequer Bills as shall not re—

main in their Hands or Poiitffion, at and after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, for such Part

of the said Term of six Years as shall then remain unexpired ; and in Default thereof, the Provision herein-

before made for Payment of the fnid Exchequer Bills, upon the Expiration of such Notice as aforesaid, shall

cc.de, determine, and be absolutely void ; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary in any Wife not-

witfistanding.

XIII. And, for the Encouragement of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their

Successors, to exchange and circulate the said Exchequer Bills, in the*Manner and during the Time herein—-

before mentioned ; and to the End that the said Governor and Company, and their Succellbrs, may have a

competent Recompence and Consideration for so doing; it is hereby declared and enacted, That such Part

of the said recited Provision contained in the said Act, made in the twenty first Year of the Reign of his pre-

sent Majesty, as relates to the determining the said Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and

the said Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, upon the Notice and Payments

therein-mentioned, shall be, and is hereby repealed and made void; and that the said Governor and Com-

pany of the Bank of England, and their oucccfibrs, for ever, shall remain, continue, and be one Body Cor-

porate and Politick, by the Name aforesaid", and shall forever have, receive, and enjoy the said entire yearly*

Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds out of the said Rates and Duties of Excise, together with a |>erpetu*T

Succession and Privilege of exclusive Banking, as herein-after is mentioned, and all other Abilities, Capaci-

ties, Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Immunities, Exemptions, Privileges, Profits, Emoluments, Benefits*

and Advantages whatsoever, which the Governor and Company of the Bank of England now have, poflefe*

or enjoy, or whereunto they are, or, before the making of this Adf, were entitled, by the said Acts of the

seventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the said Acts of the fifteenth

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the fourth and twenty-first Years of

the Reign of his present Majesty, or any of them, or by any other Act or Adtsof Parliament, Grants, or

Charters whatsoever, now in foice; or, by virtue of any Employment by or on Behalf of the Publick ; *!1

which are by this Act ratified and confirmed to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors,

freed and discharged of and from the said Provifoand Conditions of Redemption hereby repealed, or intended

to be repealed, as aforesaid ; and al) other Provisoes, Powers, Acts, Matters, and Things whatiotver, here-

tofore had, made, done, or committed, for redeeming, determining, or making void the said Corporation, or

the said yeaiiy Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds, and the said Privilege of exclusive Banking, and

all other their Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franc hifes, Immunities, Exemptions, Privileges*

Profits, Emoluments, Benefits, and Advantages, or any of them : subject nevertheless to such Restrictions*

Rules, and Directions, and also to such other Agreements, Matters, and Things, as in the.said Acts and-

Charters, or any of them now in force, are contained or prescribed ; and also subject to the Power and Con-

dition of Redemption herein-after in this Act contained in this Behalf.

XIV. 4 And whereas there is due from the Publick to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of

4 England, not only the said Sum of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, advanced by virtue of

4 the said in Part recited Acts, but also the further Sum of e ght millions four hundred and eighty-six thou-

4 land and eight hundred Pounds, which, together with the Interest or Annuities payable thereon or in respect

4 thereof, are secured to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, in Manner following, (that

4 is to fayj the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, (Part of two millions secured and remaining due to

4 the said Governor and Company, under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the third Year of

4 the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled. An A El for redeeming several Funds tf the Go-

4 vernor and Company of the Hank of England, pujuant to former Provisoes of Redemption, and forJecurtng to

4 themfeveral new Funds and Allowances redeemable by Parliament ; and for obliging them to advance further

.4 Sums,not exceeding two millions jive hundred thoufajid Pounds at jive Pounds per Centum as fa all befound necef-

4 Jary, to he employed in lejfetiing the National Debts and Incumbrances ; and for continuing certain Provfions for-

4 merfy

