200 C. 107. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799,

Such Notes, r.ot

cancelled, but

ajain issued,

/hail pay the

fame Duty as

when fir it

issued.

so offending {hall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds; and if any such. Note so

stamped as last aforesaid shall not be cancelled as is hereinbefore directed, but shall be again issued,

uttered, or negociated contrary to this Act, then and in every such Cafe, and from Time to Time as

often as such Note shall be again issued, uttered, or negociated, there shall be due, answered, and paid to

his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the like Rate or Duty which shall appear to have been charged

thereon before the Gift ilfuing the fame, or which is by this Act chargeable thereon as aforesaid, and

wtrch Rate or Duty shall be payable by and charged on all and every Person or Persons severally and re-

flectively who shall again issue, utter, or negociate any such Note or Notes, or shall cause or procure any

such Note or Notes, to be again issued, uttered, or negociated contrary to this Act, his, her, and their re-

spective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Promissory Notes or other Notes for the

Payment of Money to the Bearer on Demand respectively, for the Sums of on? Pound and one Shilling,

or of one Pound each, which shall be stamped with the Duty of four Pence hereby imposed, and all such

Notes for the Sum of five Shillings each, which shall be stamped with the Duty of one Penny hereby

imposed in the Manner before directed, shall be, and are hereby declared to be re ifluable, and mav be

again issued and negociated by virtue of this Act by the Person or Persons making or signing the fame,

to such and the like Uses, Intents, and Purposes as and for which the fame were first issued or negociated,

notwithstanding such Notes shall have been presented to and paid by the Person or Persons making or.

signing the fame, or {hall have been presented to or paid by any other Person or Persons, or at any other

Place than where the fame was first issued, in pursuance of any such Direction, Nomination, or Appointment

as aforesaid, for the Payment thereof or otherwisehowsoever, and so from Time to Time as often as Occasion

shall require, notwithstanding any Payment or Payments thereof; any Law,. Statute, Usage, or Custom

to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every such Promissory Note or other Note for the Payment of

Money to the Bearer on Demand, which shall be issuable or issued after such Payment or Payments as afbre-

said in pursuance of this Act, shall be taken and construed to be, by virtue thereof, due and payable to and the

Property of the Person or Persons holding the fame notwithstanding such Payment or Payments as afore-*

said, ana such Person or Persons shall be possessed thereof in such Manner as he, she, or they would or might

be possessed thereof or entitled thereunto upon or before the first issuing the fame, and shall and may

maintain an Action thereupon in such Manner as he, she, or they might do, and have all the like Remedies

In Law as he, she, or they might have had upon or before the first issuing the fame; any Law or Statute to

the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas two Acts passed in the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of his present

Majesty to restrain the Negotiation of Promissory Notes under five Pounds, made and negociated in

4 England,\ have been, by several subsequent Acts of the thirty-seventh, thirty.eighth, and thirty* ninth Years

4 of die Reign of his present Majesty, suspended until and ur*>n the fifth Day of July one thousand seven

4 hundred and ninety-nine, so far as the fame relate to any Notes, Drafts, or Undertakings made payable

4 on Demand to the Bearer thereof: And whereas it is expedient further to suspend the said Acts of the

4 fifteenth and seventeenth Years aforesaid so far as the fame relate to such Notes which shall be made for

4 Sums of one Pound and one Shilling, and of one Pound each:’ Be it further enacted, That the said

recited Acts of the fifteenth and seventeenth Years aforesaid, so far as the fame relate to the making

void of Promissory Notes or other Notes made payable on Demand to the Bearer thereof for Sums of

9.14.47. one Pound and one Shilling and of one Pound each, and also so far as the fame restrain the publishing

Sfffton.] or uttering and negotiating of any such Promissory Notes or other Notes as last aforesaid, {hall, from ana

after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, be and the fame are hereby

declared to be further suspended until and upon the thirtieth Day of November one thousand eight hundred

and two.

IX. And whereas, by an Act passed in the jhirtyninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, certain

4 Banks and Banking Companies in Scotland therein mentioned are authorized, until and upon the fifth Day

4 of one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to issue Notes, Bills, or Tickets in the Nature of

4 Bank Notes, payable to the Bearer on Demand, for any Sum whatever under the Sum of twenty Shillings

4 Sterling, in the fame Way that the said Banks and Banking Companies had heretofore been used to issue

4 Notes for twenty Shillings and upwards finee the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and

4 sixty-five, any Thing in an Act passed in the fifth Year of his Majesty’s Reign to the contrary notwith-

4 standing: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be further continued and amended in

4 certain Particulars herein-after mentioned Be it therefore enacted. That, from and after the fifth

Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, it shall be lawful to and for the Bank of Scotland

and the Royal Bank of Scotland, the British Linen Company, the Carron Company, and all other Banks

and Banking Companies in Scotland, who, on or before the first Day of January one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-seven, have exercised the Business of Banking or keeping any Bank for Receipt of

Money, and have issued Notes under the Firm of such Bank in the Nature of Bank Notes, but to and for

no other Person or Persons, Company or Companies whatsoever, to issue, re-issue, and negociate Notes,

Bills, or Tickets in the Nature of Bank Notes, payable to the Bearer on Demand, for the Sum of five

Shillings Sterling each, in the fame Way that the said Banks and Banking Companies have heretofore been'

used to issue Notes for twenty Shillings and upwards since the first Day of June one thousand seven hun-

dred and sixty-five; any Thing in the said Act of the fifth Year of his Majesty’s Reign to the contrary

notwithstanding.

X. PrO-

Notes, stamped

witV the Duty

©i yd. and id.

respectively,

maybe re-issued,

tkowgh paid by

©tier Person*

than those by

whom, and at

©tlier Places

than where,

first issued.

Notes To re-i Su-

able shall be the

Property of the

Persons holding

them.

15 Geo.3. c. 5t.

and 17 Geo- 3.

c. 30. recited,

and so far as they

relate to Notes

payable on De-

mand for one

Guinea and il.

further fuf-

pended until

and upon Nov.

to, 1

of r^“

39 Geo. 3.C.4S

recited. [And

fu cc. 10. 25.]

5 G«8- 3- 49*

From July 5,

1799, the Royal

Bank of Scot-

land, &c. may

issue Notes pay-

able to Bearer

on Demand for

5s. Sterling, as

they luve here-

tofore issued

Notes for 10s.

40d upward*

to >oLe

