232

Persons having

any Right, fee.

to be barred

unkft they enter

tly'.r Claims

with tlit Clerk

01 the Peace

within five

Years after En-

rolment of the

Conveyance,

See.

but may recover

the Purchase

Money, fee.

from Pci Tons

rcLeiving ike

fame.

The Messuages,

ds, ice.

to be pur ha fed,

and the Cana],

Buildings, Sec.

to be made and

built by the

Common Coun-

cil, are to be

vested in the

Corporation.

Corporation

empowered to

prosecute in case

of Damages

to the Works.

Power to the

Common Coun-

cil to grant

Licences for

building on

Parts of the

Streets, fee.

C. lxix. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A. D. 1799.

said, and shall not be answerable or accountable in any Court of Law or Equity for the Money so deposited

and placed out as before mentioned, any otherwise than according to the true Meaning of this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person whosoever, having or claiming

any Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, whether in Possession,

Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, in, to, or out of any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or

Hereditaments, which, by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, shall be purchased by and conveyed, or

mentioned or intended so to be conveyed, to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, or their Sue-

cessors, or any Person or Persons in Tiuft for them, by any such Bargain and Sale as aforesaid, shall, within

the Space of five Years, to be computed from the Date of the Enrolment of such Bargain and Sale, enter a

Memorial of such their Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand, in a Book to be

for that Purpose prepared and kept by the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being, of the County, Division,

District, or Liberty, wherein the Premises shall respectively lie or be; which Book such Clerks of the

Peace respectively are hereby required to prepare and keep accordingly, and for which Entry they shall be

entitled to such Fee, and no other, as the Register of the County of MidJlefex is by Law entitled to, for the

Registry of a Memorial containing the fafne Number of Words; and all and every Persons and Person who-

soever not entering such Right, Claim, and Demand, within such Time and in such Manner as aforesaid, or

having so entered the fame, and not prosecuting such their Right, Claim, or Demand, with Effect, within the

Space of five Years, to be computed from the Time of such' Entry, shall be for ever barred of all Right,

Title, Uie, Equity, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, whether in Possession, Reversion, Re-

mainder, or Expectancy, in, to^ upon, or out of the said Premises, and every Part thereof, and the said

Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, and their Successors, and those claiming by, from, or under, or

in Trust for them, shall be quieted in the Possession of all such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Here-

ditaments. and Premises; any Law, Statute, Usage, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary not-

withstanding.

XXVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons barred of any

Right, Title, Estate, Interest, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, in, to, or out of the said Houses, Building?,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by virtue of this Act, shall be at Liberty to bring any Action or

Actions of Debt, or for Money had and received to his, her, or their Use, against any Person or Persons,

or the legal Representatives of any Person or Persons who shall have received all or any Part of the Purchase

.Money arising from such Sale of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Pre-

mises aforesaid ; and that in every such Cafe the respective Plaintifts, on Proof of such Title as would have

enabled them to recover such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part

thereof, or any Estate or Interest in the fame, shall recover the said Purchase Money, or so much rhereof

as shall be equivalent to their Interest in the said Premises, together with such Interest as shall be equivalent to

the Mefnc Profits of the Premises, which they would have been entitled to recover in case this Act had not

been made.

44 Tenants at Will, Lcflees for a Year, &c. to deliver Possession on six Months No.tice: And in case of

44 their Refusal, the Court of Mayor and Aldermen may issue their Precept to the Sheriff, &V. to deliver

44 Possession to any Person named by them, f 28. Purchase or Mortgage Monies to be paid, or tendered,

44 to the Parties, or paid into the Bank, before any Use made of the Premises. $ 29.”

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,to

be purchased by virtue of this Act, and all Matters and Things thereon and thereunto belonging ; and also

the Canal, and all Cuts, Dwelling Houses, Buildings, and requilite Roads, Ways, Sluices, Drains, Works,

Matters, and Things, which the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall

make, build, provide, or establish by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall be and the fame are hereby vested

in the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, and their Successors; and they and

their Successors are hereby authorized and empowered to bring any Action or Actions, and to prefer Bills of

Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall cut, damage, or injure, or cause to be cut, damaged, or in-

jured, any of the Works to be by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled,

made, erected, established, amended, or repaired by virtue of this Act, or who shall injure ordestroy the fame

whilst doing, or impede the doing thereof, or shall steal, purloin, or wrongfully takeaway any Stones, Lead,

Iron, Wood, Bricks, or other Materials, or any of the Machines, Engines, or Utensils, provided or to be

provided from Time to Time, or used or intended to be used therein, or who shall wilfully do or futfer, or

consentto any Thing whereby Damage may accrue to the Houses, Ere£iions, and Buildings to be purchased,

or to be made or erected by virtue of this Act; and all the Damages which shall be so recovered by the said

Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, or their Successors, by any Suit, Process, or Action, after deducting

the Costs of Suit, shall be applied as herein-after directed.

u Power to the Common Council to let, fell, &c. any Buildings, Lands, &c. not ncceilary for the Purposes

u of this Act; $ 31. and to use or fell old Materials. § 32.”

XXXIII. 4 And whereas it may be proper to build Houses, or Parts of Houses, on some Parts of the pre-

4 sent Streets, Ways, or Passages, intended to be altered or flopped up by virtue of this Act Be it there-

fore further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common

Council assembled, for and in Confederation of such Sum or bums of Money, or Yearly Rent or Rents, as

they shall think reasonable, to grant unto the Owner or Owners of the Freehold and Inheritance of the House

or Houses, Buildings, Lapds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, next adjoining in Front to the said Ground

to be purchased, Licence or Licences, under the Common Seal of the Mayor and Commonalty, and

i* Citizens,

