A.D. 1799.

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III.

C. 13.

39

tices to forfeit

not more than

to).

any such Notice so affixed, during the said Space of ten Days, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, a Sum

not exceeding twenty Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recoverej under the said first recited

ASH or this Act. '

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Assessors shall, from Time to Time, within three Days

after the respective Times Herein-before limited for the Delivery of the said Lifts and Statements to them as

aforesaid, (in case Commissioners shall be then appointed for the Purposes of this Act, or otherwise within

three Days after such Appointment,) transmit to the Clerk of the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this

Act, in the Division or Place for which such Assessors shall act, all Returns then before made to.the said

Assessors, and also all Returns thereafter made to them within three Days after their Receipt of the fame, to

be laid before the said Commissioners at their first Meeting after their receiving the fame; and shall also, as

(bon as conveniently may be, transmit to the said Clerk Lifts of the Names of all Persons who shall have

neglected to make any such Returns as aforesaid, to be laid before the said Commissioners at their first Meet-

ing after the Receipt of such Lifts respectively. /

XLVI. And be it further enufted, That every Assessor shall personally appear before the said Com-

missioners at their said first Meeting, or such other Meetings as such Assessor shall be appointed to attend, and

shall make Oath or solemn Affirmation before them that the several Notices required to be delivered to House-

holders hnd Occupiers, and also to Lodgeis and Inmates, by this Act, have been duly served in the Manner

required thereby upon all Householders and Occupiers, and upon all Inmates and Lodgers, within the

Limits of the Places for which such Assessor shall have been appointed, to the best of his Knowledge; and

that general Notices to the Effect mentioned in the said Act have been duly affixed in the Manner re-

quired by this Act 6n such proper Places within the City, Town, or Place, for which such Assessor shall act,

as by this Act is required; and that the Statements delivered by him to the Clerk to the said Commissioners

are all the Statements which have been returned to him in pursuance of this Act; and that the Lift

delivered by him contains the Name of every person within the said Limits having made Default, or whole

Name ought to be returned according to the Directicnsof this Act, within the Knowledge of such Assessor ;

and every Assessor who shall neglect to appear before such Commissioners, and make such Oath or Affirm-

ation, or who shall not return any Statement of Income made to him, or shall wilfully omit to return the

Name or Names of apy Person or Persons who shall not have returned any Statement or Lift, or whose Name

ought to be included in any List, as by this Act is required, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, any Sum

not exceeding twenty Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered under the said fiift recited

Act, or this Act. in any Particular, not exceeding io\.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Assessor shall, in the Execution of his Office under this Commissionen

Act, have conducted himself to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, acting J^Tax Offic#

for the Divilion or Place where such Assessor shall be appointed, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners the good Con-

acting for such Division or Place, or the Major Part of them present at any Meeting to be holden for that dua ©fthe Af-

Purpose, to grant such Assessor a Certificate of his good Conduct in such his Office, and such Commis- feflor, and what;

sioners are thereupon required to report, in and by such Certificate, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of: ^cward lhey

Taxes, their Opinion as to the Sum which, in their Judgment, will be a suitable Reward to such Assessor {JJj. ^Wchthe

for his Pains and Lab ur in such Office, Regard being had, in estimating the Value of such Reward, to Tax Office may

the Extent and Population of the District within which such Assessor shall have acted, and the Number of dirta the Re-

Persons chargeable with the Rates and Duties granted by this Act, and his Diligence in the Execution of ceiver General

this Act; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, upon such Certificate and t(>Pay*

Report, to grant such Reward to such Assessor as to them shall seem fit, not exceeding the Amount contained

in such Certificate and Report, and to direct the Receiver General of the said Rates and Duties to pay the

fame to such Assessor out of the Monies in his Hand's arising from the said Rates and Duties.

XLVIII. Provided always, and belt further enacted, That no Reward shall be given to any Surveyor or

Inspector employed in the Execution of this Act, for his Service uhder the fame, unless the Commissioners for

executing this Act, or the Commissioners for hearing and determining Appeals, shall grant him a like Cer-

tificate of his good Conduct in such his Office, nor to any greater Amount than the said Commissioners

granting such Certificate shall represent him to be entitled to.

XL1A. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the respective Commissioners of I and T ax and

Assessors shall

regularly trans-

mit rotbeCom-

m idiom rs’

Clerk the Re-

turns made to

them, and Lids

of the Names of1

Persons neglect-

irg to make

such Returns.

Assessors shall

appear before

Commissioners

at their first

Meeting, and

make Oath of

the due Service

of Notice on all

Householders,

tcC. and of af-

fixing the gene-

ral Notice; and

to tht Truth of

the Statements

of Lifts trans-

mitted by them

to the Cojnmif-

fi oners’ Clerks.

Penalty on Ne-

gleft by Assessor,

Supply, and other the present Duties before-mentioned, shall omit to issue such Precepts to the respective

Assessors in Manner before-mentioned, it shall be lawful for any Just ice of the Peace of the County, Riding,

Reward to Sun

veyers, &c. to

be regulated by.

Certificate of

the Commis-

sioners.

Jf Commission-

ers ne gleft to

summon the

Assessors [fee

§ 37-] the"Juf-

ticca Of the

County, See.

may do so, and

give them their

Instructions,

Arc.

Shire, Stewartry, or Place, on Complaint of such Omission by any Surveyor or Inspector, to summon fuen

Assessors before him, and upon their Appearance to iilue to them the like Instructions, Directions, and War-

rants, as the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to issue; and if any Assessor of the said Duties shall

neglect to appear before the said Commissioners or Just ice, according to the Diieftions of this Act, or to

take upon himself the Execution of this Act, according to the Directions thereof, every such Assessor shall,

for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceed+ng twenty Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty may

by the said first recited Act, or this Act, be recoveied. Assessors refuting to appear before the Justices, to forfeit not exceeding 2cl.

L. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners acting in and for each Division shall, within seven

Days after the Time fixed for the Delivery of such Lifts or Statements, and so from lime to Time, cause an

Abstract of so many of the fame as shall have been iaid before them, containing the Names of all Persons

included in such Returns as being chargeable by virtue of this Act, (arranged alphabetically,) with their

respective Places of Residence, and the Sums proposed to be contributed, and also the Proportion which those

Sums bear to the Income assessed, to be prepared and entered in a Book or Books to be provided and kept by

4 then*,

The Commis-

sioners /hall,

from Time to

Time, make

alphabetical

Abstracts in

Books, of the

Die zed by

