I

XXVI

The TITLES 6f tk STATUTES.

the Ryeway, in the Parish of Yarpole, in the County of

Hereford, to Prejlelgne, in the County of Radnor, and

several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County

of Radnor, and in the Counties Hereford and Salop*

Page ^05

Ixix. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the seventeenth \ Year of his present Majesty’s

Reign, for amending and k< eping in Repair the Road from

the Town of Warminster in the County of Wilts, to a

Place where the Roads to Bath and Bri/loldivide, and from

the Town of Frome to the Town of Becking ton, in the

County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned

Ibid.

lxx. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Year?, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two

Acts, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his

late Majesty King George the Second, and the sixteenth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repaying and

widening the Road leading from the East Side of Lincoln

Heath to the City of Peterborough, and several other Roads

therein mentioned, in.the Counties of Northampton and

Lincoln* . Ibid.

fccxi. An Act for continuirtg for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term,'and altering and enlarging the Powers of two

Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his

late Majesty King George the Second, and in the four-

teenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for re-

pairing and widening several Roads leading from the

Town of Bewdleyt, in the County of Worcester, to the fe-

deral Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of War-

cejhr and Salop respectively. \ Ibid.

bexii. An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Seflkyi of Parliament,

the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts,

passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

King George the Second, and in the fifth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the

Roads leading from Spalding High Bridge through Little-

worthy and by Frognall, and over fames Deeping Stone

Bridz^ in the Coupty of Lincoln, to Maxey Out gang, in

the County of Northampton, adjoining to the High Road

there. Ibid.

Ixaiii* An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keep-

ing in Repair, the Road leading out of the Common High-

way from Wigan to Golborn and Warrington, near the

Northerly End of the Southerly Platt Bridge in hue in

Alackerjuld, by Ramferlong, into the Turnpike Road from

Wigan to Ashto- 1, in Ashton in Aloe her field, in the County

Palatine of Lane after. Ibid.

txxiv. An Act for amending, widening, improving, and

keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the South End of

the Aloor Lane, in the Townflnp of Great Bolton, into

the Turnpike Road from Alanchfler to Wigan, near

Weflhoughton Chapel, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

bexv. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en-

larging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thnty-first

Y'ear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

Second, and in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, To far as the fame'relate to *such of the

Roads from Tetbury, and other Places in the County of

Gloucester as are comprized in the said last mentioned Act,

and for amending ai d repairing certain Other Roads in and

through the Paruh. of Ilofey, and near Tetbury aforesaid,

in the hud County of Gloucester. Ibid.

lxxvi. An Act forcontinufng the Tejrrr, and altering and en-

larging the Powers of an Act passed in the nineteenth

Year of his present Majesty *$ Reign, for amending the

Ro*d from the nine Mile Stone on the Biiflol Road, at

or near a Place called 7he Clay Pits, to or near the Chapel ,

at Stone, and also the Roads to or near Berkeley, Durjiry,

Wctto .-under*Edge, Stroud, and Sodbury, and several other

Roads in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts, except so far

as the said Act relates to the Roads to or near Sodbury afore-

said. Page 50S

lxxvii. An Act to empower the Guardians of the'Most Noble

Henry Duke of NeivcafUe, an infant, to grant Leases of cer-

tain Parts of his Estates in the County of Nottingham. Ib*

lxxviii. An Act for vesting certain detached Parts of the

Estates devised by the Will of Michael Hicks Esquire, in

the Counties of E/jex, Norfolk> Suffolk, and Gloucester, and

in London, in Trustees for carrying into Execution certain

Agreements for Sale of Parts thereof, and to fill the other

Parts thereof, and to apply the Money arising from such

Sales in the Purchase cTf other Eftansin the said County

of Gkucester, to be settled to the fame Life's- Ibid.

lxxix. An Act for vesting the Estates-of Panyflon Portlcck

Powney Esquire, deceased, situate in the County c f Berks,

in Trustees, to be sold, for paying Incumbrances and

Debts, ^nd for laying out the Surplus under the Directions

of the Court of Chancery in the Purchase of other Estates.

to be conveyed to the Trustees of the Will of the fain

Penyflon Port lock Powney, in lieu therec f. Ibid.

lxxx. An Act for eftefting an Exchange between the Dean

and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of the Holy Trinity

of Chichester,2nd the Right Honourable fames Lord Sc fey,

and the Honourable John Peachey, of certain Messuages,

Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

lxxxi. An Act for more effectually vesting and facilitating

the raising of a Sum of ten thousand Pounds, which, by

the Settlement of the Family Estates of the Right Honour-

able George Augustus Earl of Guilford, was provided for

the Portions of his younger Children, in and fen the Bene-

fit of the Honourable Lady Maria North7 (the only Child

of the said Earl by the Right Honourable Alaria Count^fs

of Guilford, his late Wife,) if she shall live to attain the

Age of twenty one Years, or to be married. Ibid.

lxxxii. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by

the Will of Trift ram HuddLstone fervoife Esquire, in

. Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out rfte Money to a rife

therefrom* under the Direction of the Court of Chancery,

in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof*

and to the fameUfes. Ibid.

lxxxii'. An Act for inverting Part of the Pet fonal Eftite of

Robert Child Esquire, deceased, in the Purchase of an EC

tate, situate near Offer ley Park, in the County of Aliddif'x,

to be settled upon the Trusts, and for the Purports therein

mentioned. * ^07

lxxxiv* An Act for vesting the Settled Estates of Sir ClcwrJ

Cottrell Dormer, which were devised by the Will of 7/rtV-

liam Phillips Lee Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and

for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase

of other Estates, to be settled inliep thereof, and to the fame

Uses, and for other Purposes. Ibid.

lxxxv. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing. the

Commons and Waste Lands, within the Prirish of Liar.-

fwrog, in the County of Denbigh. Ibid.

lxxxvi. An Add for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons,

and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Walton upan 'Thames,

and the Manpr of Walton Leigh, in the County of Surrey.

Ibid.

lxxxvii. An-

