fPuilic,) 39 G E O'. III. vil

present Majesty, for transferring the Management of the

Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise. Page 133

66. An Act for placing the Salaries of the Sheriff Deputes

and Substitutesof Scotland\ upon the Scots Civil List Efta-

blishment. 137

67. An Act to enable such Person as His Majesty shall pleaie

to appoint'to the vacant Office of a Baron of the Ex-

chequer, to take upon himself the Degree of a Serjeant at

Law. Ibid.

68. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of

three Millions for the Uses and Purposes therein men-

tioned. 138

6y. An Act for raising the Sum of three Millions five hun-

dred thousand Pounds by Loans or Exchequer Bills for

the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-nine. ; Ibid

70. An Act for raising the Sum of three Millions, bp&oans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thou-

(and seven hundred and ninety-nine. Ibid.

7u An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Ma-

jesty’s Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills to a limited

Amount, on the Credit of such Monies as shall arise by

virtue of an Act of this Session, for granting certain Du-

tieson Income. Ibid.

72. An Act to amend an Act made in this present Session

of Parliament, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties im-

fofed by an Act% made in the last Session of Parliament, for

granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the

War; and to make more effectual Provision for the like

Purtofe, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of

the said Duties, so far as relates to the Assessments made

upoifTrustees, Agents, Receivers, and Guardians. Ibid.

73. An Act for exempting certain specificlc Legacies which

shall be^given to Bodies Corporate, or other Publick

Bodies, from the Payment of Duty ; and also the Legacy

of Books and other Articles given by the Will of the late

Reverend Clayton Mordaunt Cracberode to the Trustees of

the British Museum. 139

74. An Act for further continuing until the first Day of Fe-

bruary one thousand eight hundred and three, an Act,

made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His

piefent Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord High

Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time

being, to let'to Farm the Duties granted by an Act, made

in the twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty s Reign, on

Horjes let to Hire for travelling PojU and by Time, to such

Persons asfhould be willing to contract for the fame. Ibid.

7$. An Act for reviving and making perpetual an Act made

in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present

Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of

Light Silver Coin of this Realm from Foreign Countries

into Great Britain or Ireland j and to restrain the Tender

thereof beyond a certain Sum. 140

76. An Act for the more secure Conveyance of Ship Let-

ters, and for granting to His Majesty certain Rates of

Pottage thereon. Ibid.

77. An Act for repealing the Duties on Salt made in Scot-

land, and on Salt imported from Scotland into England

ZD& Wales, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof. 141

78. An Act to continue, until the tenth Day of November

one thousand eight hundred, and amend an Act, passed

in the present Section of Parliament, for continuing an Act

of the iaft Session of Parliament, for granting to His Ma-

jesty additional Duties on Distilleries, in the several Parts

of the Highlands of Scotland, for a limited Time; and

for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective

Distriris in Scotland; and for granting to His Majesty

certain additional Duties on Spirits dxftilkd for Coa-

fumption, and a Duty on unmalted Grain used in Distil-

lation in Scotland. Page 142

79. An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Societies

established for Seditious and Treasonable Purposes; and

for better preventing Treasonable and Seditious Practices.

146

80. An Act for better regulating the Manner of carrying

Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast of Africa. 155

8i# An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Work-

men. . .164

82. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the

thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty;

intituled, An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act

of Parliament, two everal Acts, paffcA in the thirty fourth

and thirty fifth Tears of the Reign of His present Majesty^

for the better ordering the Militia of the City of London;

and for the further regulating the Trained Bands or ATilitia

of thefa id City. 168

83. An Act for transferring to the Commissioners for au-

diting the Publick Accounts, the Duties now performed

in the Offices of the Auditors of the Land Revenue ; and

for directing the Mode of attesting the Accounts of the

Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces. 1 yd

84. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of the

Treasury to contract with the Most Noble Charles Duke

of Richmond for the absolute Purchase of the Property of

the said Duke, and all others interested, in a certain Duty

of twelve Pence per Chaldron on Coals shipped in the

River Tyne to be consumed in England, and to grant x

Compensation for the fame, by Way of Annuity, pay-

able out of the Consolidated Fund. 174

85. An Act toproteft Mailers against Embezzlements by

their Clerks or Servants^ 173

86. An Act for ascertaining the Rate of Duty to be paid for

Retail Spirit Licences; and for authorizing the Justices

of the Peace for any County to grant Licences to fell

Ale, Beer, or other Liquors, by Retail, in Cities and

Places where a sufficient Number of Magistrates cannot

be found qualified to grant such Licences. Ibid.

87. An Act for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Ex-

portation, and permit the Importation, of Corn, and for

allowing the Importation of other Articles of.Provision,

without Payment of Duty, to continue in Force until fix

Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of

Parliament. 177

88 An Act for erecting the County of Edinburgh into a

separate District, for the Purp .fe of regulating the Im-

portation and Exportation of Corn. 17 S

89 An Act for regulating the Manner in which the United

Company of Merchants of England trading to the East In-

dies, shall hire and take up Ships for their regularService. 179

90. An Act to amend two Acts, p itted in the twerity-fixui

and thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Ma-

jesty, so far as the fame relate to the Militia of the Coun-

ties of Middlesex and Surrey ; and for applying certain

Monies remaining in the Hands of the Clerics to the De-

puty Lieutenants of the County of Middlesex, and other

persons, towards the completing of the said Militra. 18 0

91. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of

Money, to be raised by a Lottery. 182

92. An Act for altering the Period of making up the A nnual

Account of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment,

and Paper. Ibid.

93. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the fe-

venth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne., and also so

much of an Act passed in the leventeenth Year of the

Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, as

puts au End to the Forfeiture of Inheritances upon At-

tauukri

