Anno tricesimo nono<jEORGii 111.

i'6o C. ‘80.

A.D. 1799.

If mutinous XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer, Mariner, or Seaman, charged with Mutiny or

Officers, &c. bo Sedition, shall be delivered over or taken in Custody by the Order of the Governor or Chief Officer of any

taken inio Cuf- Fort on the (Joaft of Africa^ox the Governor of any of the Islands in the British West Indies, afull Statement

onlie WestC* upon Oath, which they are hereby empowered to administer, shall be made out and lodged with the said

Indies, a State* Governor, together with the Names of the Witnesses who are to support the Charge alledged against the

.ment, upon] Prisoner or Prisoners, in order to their being sent Home for Trial, at the next Admiralty Sessions, for the

Oath, shall be Offence or Offences alledged against him or them; and in case the said Witness or WitiMlfcs shall neglect

Gove*4 or* with to aPPear at Trial upon being duly fununoned, he or they shall incur such Penalty as the Court shall

theN^mea of adjudge.

Officers, Sec*

shall continue

in Pay till the

Veffi 1 is cleared

Inwards.

Wages ci Run

Men shall go

to Greenwich Hospita), &c.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Arrival of every Ship or Vessel at her dischargingPort

in Great Britain, the Officers and Seamen therein shall be continued in full Pay and Provisions until the Ship

is cleared Inwards, or their Accounts are settled and paid; and that all Wages due to Run Men shall be for-

feited, and paid, one Half to the Use of Greenwich Hol'pital, and the other Half to the Merchants HoipitaJ

of the Port to which such Ship belongs, and all other Ft>rfeitures shall be applied as is speclfied in the Articles

of Agreement; any Custom, Law, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Where Offences

.may be tried,

and Penalties

.sued for.

.Limitation of

Actions.

Delivery of

Writs on board

Vessels, shall be

deemed legal

Service on the

Matter.

Ttrfons taking

false Oaths,

shall incur the

.Pains of Per-

juty, &c.

Clause informer

Act, relpedHrig

.the Certificates

of Qualification

requirtd to be

given by Mat-

ters, recited.

Doubts arising

by whom Cer-

tificates should

be attested.

Policies of In.

furance made

XXX V. And be it further enacted, That any Offence committed in Breach or Violation of this Act, may

be tried in any Court of Oyer and Terminer in any County in England wherein any such Offence shall have

.been committed, or m case any such Offence shall have been committed on the Seas, or in Parts beyond the

Seas, then in such County within which the Ship on board which such Offence shall have been committed shall

have cleared out, or in the County of Middlesex; and any Penalty or Forfeiture inflicted by this Act may be

^prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, in any Court of Record in Great Britain; and in every such Action or

Suit, the Party against whom Judgement shall be given (whether Plaintiff or Defendant) shall pay double

Costs of Suit; and every such Action shall and may be brought at any Time within three Years after the

Offence committed, and not afterwards; and every such Action shall be carried on without wilful Delay*

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or

Command of any Ship or Vessel, shall be prosecuted on Account of any Offence committed against this

Act, and the Officer whose Business it shall be to serve the Writ or Procefe iffiiing out of the Court in which

such Master or other Person shall be prosecuted, shall not be able to find the said Master or other Person (b

prosecuted, either on bosh'd the said Vessel, or on Shore or elsewhere, of which such Officer shall give publick

Notice in such Court, then, and inall such Cafes, the Delivery'of the said Wrkor Procefe on board the said

Ship or Vessel of which the said Person shall have had the Charge or Command, shall be deemed due and

Jegal Service of the said Writ or Procefe.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person talcing any Oath by this Act authorized or re-

quired to be taken, shall thereby commit wilful Perjury, or if any Person shall unlawfully procure or fubora

any Person to take any Oath by this Act authorised or required to be taken, whereby &ch Person (hallcom-

mit wilful Perjury, every such Person shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties as are by Law inflicted

upon Persons committing wilful and corrupt Perjury or Subornation of Perjury.

XXXVIII. And whereas by an Act, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

and which was afterwards continued by several subsequent Acts, it was enacted, That, from and after the

4 first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, it shall not be lawful for any Person to be-

4 come a Master, or take or have the Command or Charge of any such Ship or Vessel, at the Time he shall

4 clear out from any Port of Great Britain for purchasing and carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, un-

less such Master or Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel shall have

4 made Oath, and delivered in to the Collector or other Chief Officerof the Customs at the Port where such

4 Ship or Vessel shall clear out, a Certificate, attested by the respective Owner or Owners that he has already

4 served in such Capacity during one Voyage, or shall have served as Chief Mate or Surgeon during the

4 Whole of two Voyages, or either as Chitfor other Ma*e during three Voyages, in purchasing and carrying

4 Slaves from the Coast of Africa, under Pain that such Master or other Person taking or having the Charge

4 or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, and also the Owner or Owners who shall hire or employ such

4 Person, shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds: And

4 whereas Doubts have arisen respecting the Construction of the above mentioned Clause, whether the

4 Certificate thereby required to be delivered in to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, should

4 be attested by the respective Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel wherein the Person or Persons then

4 about to take the Command of the Ship or Vessel required to be cleared out, had formerly failed in some

4 or one of the Capacities by the said Act specified and required, or by the respective Owner or Owners of

the Ship or Vessel in which such Person or Persons was or were then about to fail as the Master or Com-

4 mander thereof, as believing the Fafts dated in the Affidavit of such Person or Persons then about to have

4 or take the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel to be true: And whereas, in consequence of

4 such Doubts, the Collectors er other Chief Officers of (he Customs at the Porteof London and Liverpool*

4 doubting the Meaning and Construction of the said Acts, have required and taken Certificates attested'in

4 both the Ways before mentioned^ and cleared out Ships or Vessels under each Form of Certificate, in con-

£ sequence of which great Inconveniences have arisen, and Doubts have been made touching^the Legality of the

4 Policies of insurance made upon such Ships or Vesselsbe it therefore further enacted, That nothing in the

9 laid

