A..D. 1799. Attno tricesimo nono Ceoegii III. 0. 38*39, 40. aoi

ingOil, whenever the Prices of middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain

Limit; and to continue several Laws relating to the allowing the Importation of Seal

Skins cured with Foreign Salt, free of Duty, until the twenty fourth Day of June one

thouftndeight hundred and four; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures

of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one choufand

eight hundred and three; and so much of an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Glass, as was to con-

tinue in force for a limited Time, until the fifth Day of June one thousand eight hundred.

[10th May 1799.]

•' TT WHEREAS the Laws beretn-after mentioned have, by Experience, been found useful andbeneficialt

c VV and are near expiring ;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-

ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An Act for allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used 35 Cm. 3.

fur extracling Oily from any Country whatever, whenever the Prices of middling British Rate Seed shall be above c:117* N-

a certain Limit, which was to be in force for one Year, and from thence to the End of tnc then next Section Gn ,

of Parliament, and which was, by two other Acts, made in the thirty-sixth and thirty-eighth Years of the l jo. and^S

Reign of his present Majesty, further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand (even 0.3. 0.35. ^3.7

hundred and ninety-nine, shall he, and the fame is hereby further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of further conti-

jfune one thousand eight hundred and four. 804IU*

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, from and after the first Day of June one thousand (even Froro ,

hundred and ninety-nine, the average Prices of middling British Rape Seed, at the* several Ports and Places i799, the av«r-

where Rape Seed shall be imported into this Kingdom, shall be ascertained in firch and the like Manner, ageFriccsof

and by the fame Persons, and under and subject to the like Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, and middling British

Forfeitures, as are directed by an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, pJ^foCfd,^hc

intituled, An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and toe Payment of the Duty on poru^onfludl

foreign Corn imported\ and of the Bounty on British Corn exported, for ascertaining the Prices of Corn and beafemained in

Grain. like Manner as

44 $t Geo.III. Gfp.zC. (continued by 32 Geo 3. e. 36. §6.) further continued till June 24, 1804. $ 3. cemunder 31.

44 *3 Geo. III. Cap. 77. continued till June 24, 1803. $ 4. 3c Geo- III. Cap. 114. (continued by 37 Geo- 3. Cco. 3. c. 3^.

44 r. 99. § 4.: jfc Geo- %- r. 35.$7.) further continued till July 5, 18oo.,

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of . His present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures ofClerkJhips to Solicitors and Atlornies%

in any of the Courts in England, therein mentioned-—[ 1 oth May 1799.J

* 34 (?r*..III. Cap* 14* recited: imposing Duties on Contracts made after Feb- $r 17941 within the Bills

44 ot Mortality, and after Feb. io^ else where in England and Wales, which Act did not receive the Royal

44 Assent till March 28, 1794. Indentures on Ckrkthips to Solicitors or Attornies made after Feb. $t 1794,

44 within the Bills of Mortality, and after Feb- 10, in England and Wales, and before March 28,* 1794,

44 may, on Payment of Duty required by the recited Act. by June 1, 1799, be stamped; § i. and within

44 three Months thereafter may be enrolled, csV. $ 37 Geo. 3- *. 60- which gave Time forJiamping

Jitch Indentures to August r, 1797;]

CAP. XL.

An Act to amend so much of three Acts, made in the last and present'SeflTons of Parlia- : 9

ment, for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase, the several Sums of

Money charged as a Land Tax* as relates to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[10th 1799.] /

c TWHEREAS it is expedient that the Time-for carrying into Execution an Act,* passed in the thirty-

VV eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled. An Act for making perpetual, subject io Redemption - Geo _ -

* and Purchase in the Manner thereinfated, the fever alSums of Alonry now charged in Great Britain as a Land inj *3‘

4 Tax for one Year, from-the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight 5 which -g ; c. 4

4 Act was explained and amended by two other Acts passed in the present Sctfion of Parliament; should, in and it rtched.

4 that Part 01 Great Britain called Scotland, be still further extended and enlargedbe it therefore enacted

by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the- Authority of the same. That all Corporations

Bodies Politick and Corporate, Companies and Persons in the said Acts mentioned, who by the said Acts are amiPtricnt io

empowered to contract for the Redemption of the Land Tax, charged on any EiUtes, Lands, Tenements, Fortcflion of

and Hereditaments, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, of which they shall be in Pofledion,or bene-

ficially entitled to the Rents and Profits in Preference to an* Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, having r*.

any

