A. t). x8oo.

Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III.'

C. 88.

429

Heirs or Successors respectively shall think fit, as any of his Majesty’s Subjects may grant, fell, give, of

devise any the like Manors* Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively, belonging to

fijch Subjects respectively, by their respective Deeds or other Instruments, or last Wills and Testaments

respectively; and all and every Person and Persons who shall be seised or possessed of, or entitled to any

such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments respectively,or any Estate or Interest therein

respectively, in Trull for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors respectively, shall convey, surrendet;, assign,

or otherwise assure the fame, in such Manner as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, under his or their

Royal Sign Manual respectively, to be attested as aforesaid, shall direct ; and all and every the Provisions

made by Law for the Conveyance of Trust Estates by Infants, Idiots, and Lunaticks, shall extend to

such Persons as are or shall be a Trustee or Trustees for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors re-

spectively, and such Trust Estates shall be conveyed, surrendered, and assured by such Infants,. Idiots, and

Lunaticks, or the Committees of such Idiots or Lunaticks accordingly*

V. And be tt further enabled. That if no Disposition by Grant, Will, or otherwise, shall be made in

put suance of this Act by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any such Manors, Messuages, Lands,

I enements, and Hereditaments as aforesaid, or if any Disposition which shall be so made shall not exhaust

the whole Estate or Interest of his Majesty, his Heirs or • Successors respectively in the fame, then and in

every such Cafe all such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereof no fqch

Disposition shall be made as aforesaid, or so much of the Estate and Interest therein respectively as shall

not have been so disposed of, shall defeend and go in such and the same Manner, on the Demise of his

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors respectively, as the fame would have defeended and gone if this Act had

not been made, subject nevertheless-to the Provisions herein-after contained*, as to so much thereof as shall

be Personal Estate of his Majesty and his Successors; and all and every of such Manors, Messuages*

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments* being of Freehold Tenure in Fee Simple, which shall so defeend

on the Demise of his Majesty, or any King or Queen of this Realm,shall be subject to all the Restrictions

in the said recited Acts contained, in the same Manner as the fame would have been subject thereto if this

Act had not been made*

Trustees shall

convey such

Estates as his

Majtfty,&c.

shall direct.

Provisions for

Conveyance of

Trust Estates by.

Infants (ha 11

extend to Truf*

tees for his

Majesty.

If no Dispofi*

tion of such

Estates be made

by his Majesty,

or a Disposition

be made which

shall not exhaust.

the Whole, the

Eftale undif-

posed of shall

defeend' as if

this A & had not

been made,

subject to cer-

tain Provisions.

Freeholds which shall so defeend shall be subject to the Restrictions-of the recited Acts,

Estates so

vested in his

Majesty or in

his.Trustees

shall be subjectt

to all Taxes.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

and Hereditaments, whether of Freehold, or Copyhold, or Customary, or Leasehold Tenure, which shall

be so as aforesaid from Time to Time vested in his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or in any Person or

Persons in Trust for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors respectively, shall from Time to Time be sub-

ur<£l and liable to all such 'Faxes, Rates, Duties, Assessments, and other Impositions, Parliamentary and

i^arochial, as the fame would have been subject and liable to if the fame had been the Property of any Sub-

ject of this Realm; and all such Rates, 'Faxes, Assessments, and Impositions shall, so long as the said

Manors, Mdliiages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments shall be vested in his Majesty, his Heirs or

Successors, or in any Person or Persons in Trust for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors as aforesaid, he

ascertained, rated, assessed, or ienposed thereon, in the same Manner and Form, inrall respects, as if the fame

Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively were the absolute and beneficial.

Estate of any of his Majesty’s Subjects; but nevertheless such Rates, Taxes, Assessments, and Impositions,

shall be paid and payable in the Manner htrein-after * directed, and not otherwise.

VIL And be it further enacted. That so long as any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or

Hereditaments shall be or remain vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or in any Trustee or

'Trustees for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors as aforesaid, freed and discharged from the Provisions

and Restrictions in the said recited Acts respectively, all Taxes, Rates, Duties, Assessments, Impositions,

Rents, and other annual Payments, Fines, and other Outgoings, which shall from Time-to Time be

charged and chargeable upon, or be or become due and payable in respect of all such Manors, Messuages*.

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively, shall be paid and discharged out of the Privy Purle of

his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors respectively, and Accounts thereof shall from Time to 'Time be re-

turned to the Person or Persons for the Time being executing the Office cf his Majesty’s Privy Purse, or his

or their Deputy, who shall, by. and out of any Monies in his or their Hands applicable for the Use of his-

Majesty, pay and discharge the fame.

VIII. 4 And whereas by the Law of England the Queen Consort, Wife of the King, is capable of taking,

4 granting, or disposing of Property as if (ne were a Feme Sole; but Doubts may arise how far this Ca-

4 parity of granting or disposing of Property extends, and especially whether, during the Life of the* King

4 her Husband, it includes the Power of deviling and bequeathing by last Will and Testament: And

4 whereas his Majesty is desirous that her Majesty Queen Charlotte, his Majesty’s Royal Consort, during.

4 his Majesty’s Life, should have full and complete Power, as well by her last Will and Testament as by

4 Deed, to grant, alien, and dispose of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes, and

4 Hereditaments, which have been purchased by or in Trust for or otherwise vested in her Majesty, or

* which shall hereafter be purchased by or in Trust for, or shall be otherwise vested in or in Trust for her

4 Majesty, under and by virtue of any Deed, Gift, Will, or otherwise, except as herein*after is mentioned,

4 and of any Goods and Chattels, whether Real or Personal, and Personal Estate of what Kind soever, bc-

4 longing to her Majesty, in the same Manner as her Majesty might dispose thereof if pe were foie and

4 unmarried; and it may be convenient that the like Power should be secured to every Queen Consort of this

4 Realm for the Time being :* Now therefore be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for her Majesty,

at any Time or Times during the joint Lives of their Majestiev by Deed under her Hand and Seal, to

•H7-]

Taxes, &c.

charged upon

such Estates

shall be paid out

of the Privy, ,

Purse.

Her-Majesty

empowered

during the joint*

Lives of their

Majesties, by.

Deed, or by

Will, to dispof«

of Estates pur-

chafed by or in

Trust for, or

that may vtftufc.

her Majesty, or

in Trull for

her, and also COu

bequeath all.

her Chattels

and Personal

Estate, as if (h«

were fair

