45 a

Rates.

When the In-

termediate Sum

lent exceeds

zs. 6d. but does

not exceed 40s.

the Rate of 4c!.

for the Lorn of:

Pawnbrokers

to give Far-

things in

Change.

T.im'ting the

Profit* lor Part

of a Month,

F.m-11* to he

v. in

C. 99. Anno 390 & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Sums which shall have been lent and advanced upon the respe£live Pledge or Pledges, before any such Pawn-

broker shall be obliged to re-deliver the fame ; (videlicet,)

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent any Sum not exceeding two Shillings and Six-

pence, the Sum of one Halfpenny for any Time during which the said Pledge shall remain in Pawn not

exceeding one Calendar Month, and the fame for every Calendar Month afterwards, including the current

Month in which such Pledge shall be redeemed, although such Month {hall not be expired :

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent the Sum of five Shillings, one Penny :

For every Pledge upon which there {hall have been lent seven Shillings and Sixpence, one Penny Half-

penny :

For every Pledge upon which there (halt have been lent ten Shillings, twopence :

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent twelve Shillings and Sixpence, two Pence Half-

penny :

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent fifteen Shillings, three Pence :

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent seventeen Shillings and Sixpence, three Pence

Halfpenny:

For every Pledge upon which there {hall have been lent one Pound, four Pence-; and so on progrdRvely

and in proportion for any^um not exceeding forty Shillings:

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent any Sum of Money exceeding forty Shillings, and

not exceeding forty-two Shillings, eight Pence :

And for every Pledge upon which there {hall have been lent any Sum exceeding forty-two Shillings and

not exceeding-ten Pounds, at and after the Rate of three Pence, and no move, for the Loan of every twenty

Shillings for all such Money so lent, by the Calendar Month, including the current Month; and so in pro-

portion for any fractional Sura

Which said several Sums shall be taken in lieu of and as a full Satisfaction for all Interest due, and Charges

For Warehouse Room.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority afoTefaid, That in all Cafes where any intermediate Sum.

lent upon any Pawn or Pledge shall exceed the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence and not exceed the Sum

of forty Shillings, the Person lending the fame {hall and may take, by way of Profit as aforesaid, at and after

the Rate of four Pence and no more# for the Loan of twenty Shillings by the Calendar Month, including the

current Month as aforesaid.

sos* by the Month to be paid.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enaSed, That jn all Cafes where the Sum to be demanded, re-

ceived, and taken by any Pawnbroker or Pawnbrokers, his, her, or their Servant or Agent, of and from any

Person or Persons applying or offering to redeem any Goods or Chattels pawned or pledged with ffich

Pawnbroker or Pawnbrokers, either as Profit upon any Sum lent, or as Part Principal and Part Profit, shall

amount to a total Sum of which the Piece of Money of the lowest Denomination shall be one Farthing:

and where the Person or Persons so applying or offering to redeem such Goods or Chattels {hall have paid

down the Sum due for such Principal and Profit, or for such Profit only (as the Cafe may be) except the

last remaining Farthing, and shall not be able to produce and pay to such Pawnbroker or Pawnbrokers,

his, her, or their Servant or Agent, a current Farthing, and which shall be to the Satisfaction and Liking

of such Person or Persons to receive the same, but shall in lieu thereof tender to such Person or Persons to

receive the same one Halfpenny, in order to discharge the said remaining Farthing so due as aforesaid, the

laid Pawnbroker or Pawnbrokers, his, her, or their Servant or Agent, to whom such Tender of a Half-

penny for such Purpose as aforesaid shall be made, shall, in Exchange thereof, deliver unto such Person or

Persons so ledeeming Goods as aforesaid, one good and lawful Farthing, of the current Coin of this King-

dom, or in Default thereof shall wholly abate the said remaining Farthing from the total Sum to be received

by him or them of such Person or Persons so redeeming Goods or Chattels as aforesaid.

V. Provided always, ahd he it farther enacted. That in all Cafes where the Party or Parties entitled to

and applying for the Redemption of Goods pawned within the Space of seven Days after the Expiration

of the fil l! Calendar Month after the fame shall have been pledged, he, (he, or they shall and may be at

Liberty to redeem the fame without paying any Thing by way of Profit to the Pawnbroker for the said fe-

ven Days, or such Part thereof as shall then have elapsed ; and that in all Cafes where the Party or Parties

so entitled, and applying as aforesaid after the Expiration of the said first seven Days, and before the Ex-

piration of the lull fourteen Days of the second Calendar Month, he, lhe, or they shall and may be at Li-

berty to redeem such Goods, upon paying the Profit payable for one Calendar Month and the Half of ano-

ther Calendar Month to the Pawnbroker; but that in ail Cafes where the Party or Parties so entitled

find applying as aforesaid, after the Expiration of the said first; fourteen Days, and before the Expiration

or the said second Calendar Month, it shall be lawful for the Pawnbroker to demand and take the

Profit of the whole second Month ; and that the like Regulation and Restriction shall take place and be

in force in every iiibfequent Calendar Month* wherein Application shall be made for redeeming Goods

pawned.

VI. And be it farther enabled. That all and every Person and Persons who, from and after the Com-

mencement of this Ac!, shall take by way of Pawn or Pledge, of or from any Person or Persons wnom-

soever, any Goods or Chattels, of what Kind soever the fame shall be, and whereon shall be lent any Sum

of Money exceeding five Shillings, shall forthwith, and before he, (he, or they shall or may advance or lend

any Money upon such Pawn or Pledge, enter or cause to .be entered, in a fair and regular Manner, in a

.Book

