A* 13i 18oo« Anno 39 Sc ^.o Cjeorgii 11X* G. 30, 3r.

plying as aforesaid, shall contract to transfer, and shall, at the Time to be mentioned in such Contract,

accordingly transfer, at the Bank of England, so much three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank An-

nuities, or pay to the Receiver General of the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town,

•or Place, where the fame shall be situate, so much Money as the Cafe may require, in addition to the

Amount of Money that shall have been already paid, or of Stock already transferred in relpe# of such

Land Tax, as shall be necessary to redeem the Whole of the Land Tax contracted for in and by such new

Contract: Provided also, That in every such Cafe where the Land 'Lax contracted for as aforesaid shall

have been in the mean Time decreased, and a new Contract (h?dl be entered into for the Redemption

of the Land Tax then charged as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, the Commissioners who shall enter

into such last mentioned Contract shall certify, in Writing, signed by two or more of them to the Com-

missioners for the Affairs of Taxes, the several Amounts of the Stock, or Money contracted, to be trans-

ferred or paid by, and actually transferred or paid in pursuance of the origin:*) and new Contracts re-

spe#ively, and it shall thereupon be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes to order

and direct the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Receiver or Receivers General

of Land Tax of the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, or Place, where such Manors, Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments shall be situate respectively, in Cafes where more or a greater

Consideration has been transferred or paid on the original Contract than the Confutation inserted in the

new Contract, to repay all such Monies to the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies,

who shall appear to be entitled unto the fame, as shall be due and payable in respe# of such Difference

ill the Considerations of Land Tax, if such Monies shall not have been vested in Stock, and in Cafes where

such Stock hath been purchased and placed in tnc Name of the Commissioners for the Redu#on of the

National Debt, then upon a Certificate, signed by any three or more of the said Commissioners for the

Affairs of Taxes, of the Amount of Stock: transferred upon the original Contract, and the Amount re-

quired to be transferred upon the new Contract, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Re-

du#ion of the National Debt, or any one or more of them, and he and they is and are hereby required

to transfer the Difference between such Amounts of Stock so certified, to the Person or Persons, Bodies

Corporate or Companies, entitled unto the fame ; which new Contra#s being registered in the Manner

and within the Time directed by the said A#s, the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and He-'

reditaments comprized therein, shall be wholly exonerated from Land Tax from the said twenty*fifth Day

oi March one thousand eight hundred.

XIII. And be it further enacted. That any Deed or Deeds required by the said A#s, or any of them,'

shall be valid and effectual, although the fame shall not have been inrolled or registered within fix Calen-

dar Months from the Time of the Execution thereof, provided the fame shall be inrolled or registered within

six Months after the passing of this A#. -

_ XIV. And be it further enacted. That all and singular the Provisions in this A# shall, in the Exccu-

tion-iof the above mentioned A#s, be used, applied, and continued, as if the fame Provisions were specifi-

cally enacted in the said A#s ; and all and every the Provisions of the said A#s in the Execution of this-

A# (except where the fame are hereby expressly varied) shall be used, extended and construed, in like'

Manner as if the fame Provisions (except as aforesaid) were specially enacted in this A#.

3°?;

been crscreafld,

uni; is the Party

(h ill contratt to

transfer so much

additional Tin co-

per Cents, or

pay to the Re-

ceiver General

of the Place-

such additional

Suins as shall be

necessary $ ami

where the Land

Tax has been

decreased, and a

new Cor.tr a dfc

fli ill be entered

into, tin- Com-

missioners shall

certify the

Amount of the

Stock trans-

ferred, or

Money paid,

to the Com mi f-

floners for the

A flairs of

Taxes, who

shall order the

Difference to be

settled.

Deeds shall b«

valid if inroll-

ed within fix

Month?-after Y

parting this Adh

This AdV, and

recited Acts, to

be conllrued to-

gether as one

a a.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parlia- fir

ment, intituled. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pcnjions, 'plZ^/tbefe

Offices, and PersonalEJlates, in England, Wales, and the Town ^Berwick-upon-Tweed,

and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Tear one

thousand eight hundred, together with those named in two former Acts for appointing

Commissioners of the Land Tax.—[24th April 1800.]

* TT WHEREAS itis necessary to appoint additional Commissioners to put in Execution an A# of this

4 VV Session of Parliament, intituled. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Pen- 39 Geo. 3. ScflV

* for,s. Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and c* 3*

4 certain Duties on Sugar, Alalt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred,

‘•together with those named in two A#s made, one in the thirty-seventh Year of his Majesty’s Reign, in-

4 tituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session cf Parliaments 37 Oeo. 3* c. 35.

* intituled, 44 An Act for granting an Aid to his Alaje/iy by a Land Tax, to be raijed in Great Britain for the

44 Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven and the other in the thirty-eighth Year of

4 his Maj city’s Reign, intituled, An Act for rest fang Alijlakcs in the Names of Jlvcral of the Commissioners 38 Geo. 3. c. s6.

4 appointed by an Act, made in the laf Session f Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the fame

4 Session, intituled, 44 An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raijed in Great Britain,

^ for the Service of the Tear cue thousand [even hundred and ninety seven \y and for appointing other Com-

4 missioners, together with those named in the frft mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session cf

4 Parliament for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raijed in Great Britain,./^ the Ser-

4 vice of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and for indemnifying such Persons as ha-V4

4 acted as Commissioners for executing theJdid Act, for granting an Aid to his AJajejly by a Land Tax, to be

4 raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the ) ear one thousand jeven hundred and ninety seven f May it

E r - , therefore

