A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 107.

For and upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which

kny Promissory Note or other Note for the Payment of Money to the Bearer on Demand, which by

the Tenor thereof, or by any Direction or Appointment thereunto subjoined or annexed, shall be payable

at two or more different Places, or at any Place different from that where it shall have been originally issued,

and which may be re-issued from Time to Time after any Payment at the same Place, or any other Place

than where the fame was first issued, shall be engrossed, written, or printed, where the Sum expressed

therein or made payable thereby shall be for One Pound, or one Pound, and one Shilling, there shall be

charged a Stamp Duty of four Pence ; and where the Sum expressed therein or made payable thereby shall

be five Shillings, as herein-after mentioned, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of one Penny.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That noth ng in this A& contained shall extend <0 charge

any Draft or Order for the Payment of Money on Demand upon any Banker, or Person or Persons acting

as a Baoker, and residing or transacting the Business of a Banker within ten Miles of the Place of Abode of

the Person or Persons drawing such Draft or Order. ~ within ten Mil

III. 4 And whereas, by an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the

4 Governor ahd Company of the Bank of England were empowered to compound for all the Stamp Duties

4 by the said Act imposed for all Notes and Bills issued by them, on Payment of a certain Sum of twelve

4 thousand Pounds in the said Act mentioned: And whereas the said Duties have been greatly increased

4 since the making the said Act, for which no further Composition has been made : And whereas it may be

4 proper to exempt all Promissory and other Notes and Bills issued by the Governor and Company of the

4 Bank of England from the Payment of the Stamp Duties imposed by this Act, or any Act passed since

4 the said Act of the thirty-first Year before mentioned, upon Promissory and other Notes or Bills, in con-

4 sideration and upon Payment of a certain Sum of Money in lieu thereof:’ Be it therefore enacted, That

all Promissory and other Notes and Bills issued by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England

shall be exempted from the said Stamp Duties charged by this Act upon Notes for Sums of one Pound,

and one Pound and one Shilling each, upon Payment determined by the said Governor and Company of the Sum

of four thousand Pounds, the Composition hereby agreed to be paid by the said Governor and Company

so long as such Notes shall be issued by them ; and also from all and every the additional Stamp Duties

imposed by any Act or Acts passed after the said Act of the thirty-first Year aforesaid, and now in Force,

upon Promissory and other Notes or Bills, upon Payment of the further annual Sum of eight thousand

Pounds by the said Governor and Company, such Payments to be made into the Receipt of his Majesty’s

Exchequer by Half-Yearly Payments, on or before the first Day of June and the first Day of December

in every Year, the first Payment thereof to be made on or before the first Day of June one thousand eight

hundred ; any Thing herein-before or in any former Ad contained to the contrary thereof in any wise not-

withstanding.

IV. 4 And for ascertaining by whom the said Stamp Duties herein-before granted shall be payable,* be it

further enacted. That the Duties hereby granted on any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note,

shall be paid by the Person or Persons giving the fame.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Bill of Exchange required to be damped by this Act shall be re-

HTued under any Pretence whatever 5 and that in all Cafes where any Promissory Note or other Note,

for the Payment of Money to the Bearer on Demand, wh:ch shall contain any Sum of one Pound and one

Shilling, or of one Pound respectively, and shall be marked with a Mark or Stamp to denote the

Rate or Duty of two Pence hereby imposed, or where any such Promissory Note or other Note which

shall contain the Sum of five Shillings, and shall be marked with a Mark or Stamp of one Halfpenny

hereby imposed, shall, at any Time after the said first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and

ninety nine, be paid by the Person or Persons by whom the fame shall have been made or signed,

and first issued or negociated, and at the Place where the fame was first issued or negociated, it shall and

may be lawful for the Person or Persons so paying the fame, notwithstanding such Payment thereof at

any Time afterwards, and so from Time to Time so often as there shall be Occasion after every such Pay-

ment thereof, but not otherwise, again to issue, utter, or negociate such Promissory Notes or other Notes so

respectively stamped as aforesaid, in such and the like Manner as the fame were first issued or negociated ;

and all such Notes so respectively stamped as aforesaid shall be and are hereby declared to be after any

such Payment thereof, but not otherwise, to be again issuable and negociable from Time to Time as afore-

feid, in such and the like Manner, and to such and the like Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as and for

which the fame were first issued or negociated, any Law or Statute, or any Usage or Custom to the con-

trary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and all such Notes so respectively stamped aslaft aforesaid, which,

at any Time or Times from and after the said first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-nine, shall be paid by any Person or Persons other than the Person or Persons making or signing

the feme, or at any Place other than the Place of issuing the fame, in pursuance of any Direction, Nomi-

nation, or Appointment for the Payment thereof, contained or expressed in or upon such Notes re(pedively,

shall be taken and construed to be thereupon wholly discharged, vacated, and satisfied, and shall be no

longer negociable or transferable to any Intent or Purpose whatever, but shall be forthwith cancelled;

and if any Person or Persons shall again issue, utter, or negociate, or cause to be again issued, uttered,

or negociated, any such Promissory or other Note after any Payment thereof, by any Person or Persons

other than the Person or Persons making or signing the feme, or at any Place other than the Place

of issuing the fame in Manner last mentioned, or if any Person or Persons named or described in

any such Note for the Payment thereof shall, after such Payment thereof in Manner last mentioned,

Dcgfed or refuse to cancel the feme, pr cause the fame to be cancelled, every such Person or Persons

199

On Piwiiflory

Notes payable at

two or more

Places, and re-

i(foible, for il.

or il. is.—4*1.;

5s.—id.

Except Drafts

payable On De-

mand upon a

Banker residing

5 of the Drawer.

31 Geo. 3. c. 1$.

recited.

Bank of England

Notes exempted

-from the Duties

charged by this

Act on an addi-

tional Compo-

sition of 4000L

and from all

Duties imposed

since recitedAft

on an additional

Composition of

8ooai. payable

half yearly.

Duty payable by

the Giver of the

Note.

No Bill of Ex-

change shall be

' re-iflbed.

Notes payable

on Demand, on

which a Duty of

ad. or 'd. is

hereby respect-

ively imposed,

paid by Persons

giving them at,

thePiaces where

first ifltied, may

be Ve-issued j

but if paid by

any ocher Per-

fons, or at any

other Place, in

pursuance of

Appointment

expressed there-

in, shall be can- -

celled, and if

re-issued, or if

not cancelled,

the Party shall

forfeit aoL

