(Public Local and Personal\)39 & 40 G E O. III. xxv

Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex, and for forming

and making the same into a Pleasure Ground, and fur

continuing and keeping the fame in Repair. Page 501

li. An Act for the repairing the Parish Church of Chelmsford,

in the County of Efflx- . 502

lii. vAn Act for explaining, amending, and continuing an Act

made in the fifteenth Year of the Rc'gn of his present

Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways and

Bridges in the Shire cf Argyll. Ibid.

liii. An Act for repealing so.much of an Act, passed' in the

twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

tituled, An Act for the Removal and Rebuilding of the Coun-

cil Cl) amber, Guildhall, and Gaol of the City ?/New Sarum,

and for ajcertaimng the Tolls of the Market, and regulating

the Chairmen within the said City, as requires the Mayor

and Commonalty of the City of Hew Sarum to build a

new Gaol within the said City, or the Suburbs or Pre*

cin£ts thereof; and for authorizing the Commitment of

Felons and other Persons within the Limits of the said City

and the Close thereof, to the Gaol of the Cou;-.ty of Wilts \

and for explaining and amending the said A&. Ibid.

liv. An AS\ to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers ofan Ad,

passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty King George the Third, for improving the Navi-

gation of the River Ouse, between Neivba'ven Bridge and

Lewes Bridge, in the County of Sussex, and for the bet-

ter draining of the Low Lands lying in Lewes and Laugh-

ton Levels, in the said County. 503

Iv. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the

Navigation from the Leicester Navigation to Melton

Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to complete their

Navigation, and to discharge the Debts contracted by them

in the making thereof; and for amending the Ad, passed

in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

for making and maintaining the said Navigation. Ibid.

Ivi. 'An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the

Oakbam Canal to raise Money for completing the said

Canal, and also for altering and amending an Act, passed in

the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

for making the said Canal. Ibid.

lvii. An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors

of the Lancaster Canal Navigation to complete the same.

Ibid.

Iviii. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-

mon Fields, Marfti Meadow, and Waste Lands, in the

Manor of Forebridge, and in the Parish of Castle Church, in

the County of Stafford," and for embanking and draining

Part of the fa d Common Fields, Marsh Meadow, and

Waste Lands, and certain other Low Lands and Grounds

in the said Parish of Castle Church, and in the adjoining

Panflies, Townships, and Places of Sow Saint Thomas,

Otherwise Saint Thomas upon Sow, Coton, Berkfzuich, and

Saint Mary in Stafford, in the said County of Stafford.

Ibid.

lix. An Act for building a new Bridge over the River Chel-

mer, or Blackwater, at Fullbridge, in the Town of Maiden,

*»n the County of Essex. Ibid.

Ix. An Act for eftabhlhing and well governing the Chari-

table Institution commonly called The Afslum, or House

of Refuge for the Reception of Orphan Girls, the Settle-

ments of whose Parents cannot be found, and for incor-

porating the Subscribers thereto; and for the better em-

powering and enabling them to carry on their charitable

and useful Designs. Ibid.

Ixi. An Act for repealing two Acts, one made in the twenty-

sixth Year of the Reign cf King George the Second, and

the other in theTeventeenth Y ear of the Reign of his present

Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Haf-way House,

in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorset%

through the Towns of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and Chard, to

the East End of the Town of Axlninfler, in the County of

Devon, and fexeral other Roads therein mentioned; and

also, for repealing so much of an A Cf, made in the eigh-

teenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repair-

ing several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in

the County of Somerset, as relates to repairing the Road

from the Direction Post in ITidcombe Moor, through Street

Ash Lane, to Chard, and for making more effectual Pfo-

vision for those Purposes, and for altering and diverting

certain Parts of the said Roads. T.age 504

Ixii. An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending an Act,

- pasted in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his prefenc

Majesty, for repairing the Road from Efdon high Crofs9

near the Town of Eijdon, in the County of Northumber-

land, to the Red Swyre, upon the Mid Border betwbet

England 2nd Scotland. Ibid.

Ixii*. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the

Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty-first Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening

the Road leading from the Port of Borrowstounness, by the

Weft of the Borough of Linlithgow, and by the Towns

of Torpiihen, Bathgate, and Whiteburn, and from thence

Southward to the Confines of the County of Linlithgow

at or near Hollhouseburn. Ibid.

lxiv. An Act to continue for twenty-one Years and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts,

passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Ma-

jesty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and

widening the Road from the Bars at Bou^hton, within

the Liberties of the City of Chcjltr, to Whitchurch, and

from thence to Newport in the County of Salop, and several

other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts

relate to the Road leading from Newport aforesaid to the

Village or Place called IVeljh Harp, in the Township of

Stonnall, in the County of Stafford, being the third District

of the said Roads. Ibid.

lxv. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, alter-

ing, and improving, the Roads therein mentioned, leading

from the Town o$ LcominJleY, in the County of Hereford.

xvi. An ASX for continuing for twenty-one Years and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powe. s of two

Acts, passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of hi-; late

Majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for a n nding,

widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein-

mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Roid leading

from the Town of Ruthin, in the County of Denbigh,’to

the Town of Moll, in the County of Flint. Ibid.

Ixvii. An ACtfor continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several

Acts, palfed for amending the Highway between Hocklffe

and Woburn, in the County of Bedford, and for repairing

the Road leading through Woburn to Tic ford Bridge, in

Newport Pagneli, in the County of Bucks. Ibid.

lxviii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and

from thence to the End of the then next Sdfion of Par-

liament, the Term, and altering and enlarging ihc Powers

of two Acts, pafi. d in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the

eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for

amending, repairing, and widening the Roads leading from

<i • th'

