I

588 C. 28. , Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A. D. i860. ;

Where Stock

is transferred

lor the Re-

<kmption of

Land Tax,

which ought

not to have

been, the

Commirti oners

for the Reduc-

tion of the Na-

tional Debt

may, on Certi-

ficate from the

Commissioners

for Taxes, re-

transfer the

fame, r»nd the

Jirttu Commis-

' sioners may or-

der Money,

paid improperly

to Receiver

Generals for

such Redemp-

tion, to be re-

paid to the

Parties.

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, 1

where any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Com panics, or other Person or Persons, have transferred, or may

hereafter transfer, to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, on account of the Re- I

demption of Land Tax* any Consolidated or Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, which

ought not to be transferred for that Purpose, then and in such Cafe, upon a Certificate signed by any three or

more of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, that such Bank Annuities ought not to have been so trans-

ferred, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, or any one or more \

of them, and they or he are orishereby required to re-transfer the said Bank Annuities unto the Bodies Po-

litick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons by whom the fame were transferred to them;

and wherever it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, that

any Sum or Sums of Money shall have been paid to any Receiver General or his Deputy, on account

of the Redemption of Land Tax, which ought not to have been so paid, then it shall be lawful for the said

Commissioners for the Affairs of T axes, or any three or more of them, to order and direct such Receiver Ge-

neral or his Deputy to repay all such Monies to the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Per-

son or Persons who shall appear to have paid the fame, and the Receipt and Receipts of such Bodies Politick or :

Corporate, or Companies, and other Person or Persons, shall be sufficient Dicharges for such Bank An-

nuities so re-transferred, or Monies so repaid as aforesaid, and all such Dividends and Arrears of Dividend 1

shall be issued from the Receipt of the Exchequer, and be payable at the Bank of England, for and in re* 1

sped of the said Bank Annuities which shall be so re-transferred, by the Commissioners for the Reduction

of the National Debt, to any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons as

aforesaid, as would have been payable thereon, in case the fame Bank Annuities had not been transferred to

the lifud last mentioned Commissioners.

II.4 And whereas by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for exttniingjrm

4 the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred, until the twenty-fifth Day of March om then-

4 sand eight hundred and one, the Period of Preference^ granted and continued by federal Acts to Bodies Cor-

4 porate and Persons, for the Redemption of Land Tax* and for enlarging everal of the Powers contained in

s the said Aftsy it is enabled, That when the Reversion of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

4 or Hereditaments, holden by any Lease, which is subje3 to any Will or Settlement, shall be purchaW

4 by or with the proper Monies ol the Person or Persons for the Time being beneficially entitled to tbc

4 Rents or Profits thereof, the immediate Estates and Interests as well as the Reversion ex pedant thereon,

4 shall be charged with, and made subject to, the Re payment of the principal Money to be advanced for

4 the Purchase of such Reversion, with Interest for the fame, as the Commissioners appointed by Letters

4 Patent under the Great Seal fir all direct : Provided, That the Persons entitled successively to the Rents

4 and Profits of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively shall be nude

4 chargeable with the Interest accrued during his or her Estate therein, and that no greater Arrear than for

4 one Year shall be recoverable against any Person who shall become entitled in Remainder for Interest

4 accrued during the Estate or Term of any Person or Persons entitled to any preceding Estate or Interest

4 in the PremifcsNow be it enacted and declared, That the said last recited Provision shall extend to

ftaU not cxtcnd Purchases, and Contracts for Purchases, made or entered into before the passing of the said last recited

to Persons ad- Ad, as well as to those made and entered into after the passing thereof: Provided nevertheless That

vancing Money f0 much of the said Provision, as makes the Person entitled to 'the Rents and Profits of such Manors,

fhafhofPRever- Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, chargeable with the Interest accrued during his or

fions *° wlujVCr~ her Estate therein, shall not extend to the Cafe of any Person advancing Money for the Purchase of any

shall not such Reversion, who shall not be liable to any Covenant, Engagement, or Condition to renew the Lease

be liable to re- at the accustomed Periods, with his or her own Monies, or with or out of the Rents and Profits of the

newLeafes Estate, unless he or she shall consent thereto in Writing; and in case any such Person, not being liable

awn Monies as a^ore^a^» now hath, or ^a^ hereafter become the Purchaser of such Reversion, and not signiqr fiach

o.^out onlie* Consent, the said Reversion shall be chargeable with Interest, to accumulate from the Time of kh

Rents of the Purchase till the Expiration of the existing Lease, after deduding out of such Interest the an-

Estate, unless nual Rent (if any) which shall be payable during the Lease, and which shall have been purebaftd with

c iey consent the Reversion.

39 ic 40 Geo. 3.

c. 30. § 10. re-

0;ted ; and the

Proviso

extended to

Purchases

made before

the patting

of that Act,

and so much

thereof as

makes the

Persons enti-

tied to the

Rents charge-

able with the

Interest accrued

during their

Estate therein

38 Geo. 3.

c. 60. § in.

No Auction

T>uty shall be

payable for any

Part whatever

of the Monies

arising by Sale

of Land;, dec.

with the Con-

lent of the

Commissioners

under the

IIT. 4 And whereas, by the Ad passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majestyfor

4 purchasing and redeeming the Land Tax, it was enacted. That the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tene-

4 ments, or Hereditaments, which should be sold by Auction according to the Provisions thereof, should

4 be exempt from any Duty payable on Sales by Auction; but Doubts have been entertained, whether the

4 laid Duty ought not to be paid in respeit of the Surplus Money arising by such Sales, where the Pro-

4 duce exceeds the Sums required to be raised for the Purposes of the said Act:’ Now, for removing such

Doubts, be it enacted and declared. That no Duty shall be payable in respect of any Part of the Monirs

arising by Sale of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which already have been or

shall hereafter be fold under the Powers or Provisions contained in any of the Acts relating to the Redemp-

tion and Purchase of Land Tax, with the Consent and Approbation of any of the Commissioners appointed

by Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, or by Letters ratent^under the Great Seal of Great BritauM

the Purposes of such respective Acts.

fcverii Acts for Redemption of the Lm4 Tax.

IV. And

