(PrivateJ 39 GEO. III. xv

and Wade Grounds, within the Parish of Charlton Mar-

Jbally in the County of Dorjct.

62. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and

Commonable Lands in the Parish of Mapowdery in the

County of Dorset.

63- An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

Common Fields, Ings, Marsh, and Waste Grounds,

within the Township of Hir/t Courtney, in the Parish of

Birkin, in the Weft Riding of the County of York.

64. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in

the Parish of Purton, otherwise Puriton, in the County of

Wilts.

65. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing all the

Commons and Waste Lands and Grounds within the

Parish of Church Staunton,* in the County of Devon.

66. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable

Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Com-

mon or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Sherborne, irf

the County of Warwick.

67. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Com-

mon Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Common

Meadows, Heaths, Commonable Lands, Commons, and

Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Honington, in the

County of Suffolk.

63. An Act for confirming and establishing the Division*

Allotment, and Inclosure of certain Whole Year Lands,

Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Com-

mons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Ranworth,

in the C ounty of Norfolk.

69. An Act for dividing, allotting, and otherwise improv-

ing, several Stinted Moors, Stinted Pastures, Wastes, and

other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Park

and Forest of Wcardale, in the Parish of Stanhope, in the

County of Durham.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons,

Waste, Grounds, and Modes, within the Town and

Hamlet of Uherstone, in the Parish of Vlverstone, in the

County Palatine of Lancajlerm

71. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Com-

mons and-Waste Grounds, and Stinted Pastures, within

the Hamlet of Moorgate, in the Parish of Clarbrough, in

the County of Nottingham.

72. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain

Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being

within the Parishes of South Brent and Lympjkam, in the

County of Somerset.

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and

Waste Lands within the Manor of Water Eaton, in the

County of Stafford.

74. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons,

and Waste Grounds, within thcTownship and Liberty

of flarworth, in the County of Nottingham.

73. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Common Lammas Meadows, and

a certain Common called Chejlmnt Common, within the

Parish of CheJJmnty in the County of Hertford.

76. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Com-

mon Fielda, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds,

in the Parishes of Stratford-under-tbc- Cajllc and Milford^

in the County of Wilts.

77. An Act to distolve the Marriage of Shuldham Pcard

Esquire, with Elizabeth his now Wife, late Elizabeth

Blight and to enable him to marry again 3 and for other

Purposes therein mentioned*

78. An Act to diffolvc the Marriage of John Thoroton Clerk,

with Elizabeth his now Wife, and to enable him to marry

again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

79. An Act for naturalizing Maria Gro’schner, otherwise

Huntley.

80. An "Aft for naturalizing Simeon Jacob Charles Collet

D’Efcury.

81. An Act for naturalizing William Conrad Korff

82. An Act for naturalizing Abraham Zimon Doncker

Cuvelje.

83. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures, Com-

mon Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of

Grajlhorpe, in the County of Nottingham.

84. An Act for dividing, allotting, ana inclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons,

and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Houghton and

South Stoke, in the County of Sussex.

85. An Act for dividing and encloiing several Open Fields

and Stinted Pastures within thcTownship of Long Prefton

in the Parish of Long Prejion, in the Weft Riding of the

County of York-, and for embanking and draining several

Parcels of Ground within the same Township, called Long

Prejion Ings.

86. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Moor or Common

called Knayton Moor, and other Waste Lands, within

the Township of Knayton, and Parish of Leek, in the North

Riding of the County of York.

87. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-

mon Fields, Undivided Enclosures, Commons, Waste

Grounds, and Commonable Places, within the Town-

ftiips of Sandall Afagna, Walton, and Crigglcjhnc, in the

Parish of Sandall Magna, in the Weft Riding of the

County of York.

88. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com-

mon Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands,

Grounds, and Places, within the Hamlet of Walton, ip

the Parish of Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham.

89. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving,

divers Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and

Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Lyddin^toxt

with Caldecott and Uppingham% in the County of Rutland^

and also a Common cr Waste within the same County,

called Uppingham Brand; and for extinguifhirg all the

Tythes arising within the same Parifncs, and all the Deer

Browse and Rights of Common upon Beaumont Chace, in

the same County 3 and making a Compensation for such

Tythes and Common Rights respectively.

90. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the thirty-fourth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividingancf

inclosing the Open Fields and Common in the Township

of Aitbstpc, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining

the fame and certain inclosed Lands within the said

Township.

91. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Commons, Wastes, and other Com-

monable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Carlton cum

Willingham, in the County of Cambridge, and for extin-

guishing the Tythes in the same Parish-

92. An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estateof Richard

Long Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be conveyed ptir-

suant to Articles entered into for the Sale thereof, and for /

applying the Money arising therefrom for the several Pur-

poses therein mentioned.

93. An Act for vesting the Inheritance in Fee Simple of

Part of the Settled Lftates of Sir Henry Every Bar oner,

in Trustees, in Trust to make Sale thereof, and to apply

the

