A.D. 17.99* Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 110,111* 215

shall, and they are hereby authorized, and strictly enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all

such A 3s, Matters, and Things, as are herein-before directed ana required, or shall be neceflacy to be done

and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this A3, and the several Payments

hereby directed, effectual.

XI. And be it further enacted. That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts, of the said

Matter of the Rolls, the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, the Puisne Judges of the Courts of King’s

Bench and Common Pleas, and Barons of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer respectively, and of all Per-

fens who shall have served in any of the Offices before mentioned, and to whom any such Annuities or

Sums of Money shall have been granted as aforesaid, shall be good and sufficient Discharges from the Pay-

ment of the said Sums of Money and Annuities respectively before mentioned, without any further or other

Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that Behalf; and that the said several Annuities or Sums of Money-,

and every Part thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions, and other Charges whatfo-

ever 5 and in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer shall refuse or neglect to pay

any such Annuity or Sum of Money, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning

of this A3, or to do any A3 necessary to enable any such Matter of the Rolls, Chief Baron, Puisne Judge,

or Baron of the Coif of the Exchequer, or any Person having served in any of the Offices before men-

tioned, to whom any such Annuity or Sum of Money herein-before mentioned shall have been granted a9

aforesaid, to receive the same, then any such Matter of the Rolls, Chief Baron, Puisne Judge, or Baron

aforesaid, or any such other Person as aforesaid, may, from Time to Time, sue, prosecute, and implead

such Officers, or any of them, their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, by Bill, Plaint, or A3ion of

Debt, and shall and may recover Judgement, and sue out Execution thereupon, against such Officers re-

.spe3ively, their respe3ive Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for so much of any such Annuity or Sum

of Money respectively then due and owing, or any Part thereof, as shall have been in the Hands of the

Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the Time or Times when such Demand shall have

been legally made for the Payment of any such Annuity or Annuities, or Sums of Money, or any Part there-

of, as aforesaid, or for the Refusal or Negle3 to do any A3 necessary to be done by any such Officer or

Officers respectively.

XII. c And whereas it is expedient, that a further Augmentation should be made to the Salaries of the

* Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Judiciary, and Barons of Exchequer, in that Part of Great Bri-

€ tain called Scotland,’ be it therefore ena3ed, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-nine, there shall be issued, paid, and applied, in every Year, out of the Monies that shall

arise from any of the Duties and Revenues in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ which, by A3s made

in the seventh and tenth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, were charged or made chargeable with the Pay-

ment of the Fees, Salaries, and other Charges, allowed, or to be allowed, by her Majesty, her Heirs and Suc-

ceflors, for keeping up the Courts of Session, Judiciary, and Exchequer, in Scotland, the several Sums fol-

lowing, to the Judges after mentioned, as an Augmentation to their respective Salaries 5 (that is to say,) the

Sum of one thousand Pounds to the Lord President of the Court of Session for the Time being; the Sum of

five hundred Pounds to the Lord Justice Clerk for the Time being ; the Sum of four hundred and eighty

Pounds to such of the other Lords of •xflion as shall be Lords Commissioners of Judiciary for the Time being;

the Sum of two hundred and eighty Pounds to such of the other Lords of Session as shall not be Lords Com-

missioners of Judiciary for the Time being ; the Sum of one thousand Pounds to the Lord Chief Baron of

the Court of Exchequer in Scotland for the Time being ; and the Sum of two hundred and eighty Pounds to

'each of the other Barons of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being.

CAP. CXI.

Things herein

di refifed.

The Receipts

of the Annui-

tants shall be

Cufficient DiT-

charges.

If the Officers

of the Exche-

quer neglect to

pay the Annul*

ties, they map

be sued.

From Jufy $r

1799, an Aug-

mentation fllalt

be made to the

Salaries of the

Lords of Sessionfc

Sec. in Scotland,

viz. Lord Prefi-

dent jooool.Lord

Justice Clerk

500I, Lords of

Session, being

Loids Com-

missioners of

Justiciary,

4801., other

Lords of Session

2501., Lord

Chief Baron

zooooL, the

other Baron*

2S0I.

An Act to permit, until the first Day of August one thousand eight hundred and two, the

Importation of certain Naval Stores from Hamburgh, and other Ports of Germany.

[ 12th July 1799.}

* ^T 7HERE AS it is expedient for the building and refitting of his Majesty’s Ships of War, and of Ships

• VV and Vessels employed by his Majesty’s Subje3s, that the Importation of Naval Stores should be

4 permitted from the Ports of Germany be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand From Aug. r>

seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the first Day of August one thousand eight hundred and two, it shall 1799, till Aug.

and may be lawful to import into this Kingdom, in British-built Ships, owned and navigated according to *>

Law, from the Ports of Hamburgh, Bremen, Altona, and Gluckflat, Pitch and Tar, as well as Deal Boards,

Fir, and Timber; any Thing in an Act, passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of his Majesty King and Timber*

Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and regulating Abu/es in His Majestfs Customi, maybe im-

to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding. j>rm built

Ships from

Hamburgh, Ac,

CAP.

