A. D. 1799

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 14—17.

D.

ABSTRACT of Mutter Rolls to be Yearly transmitted by the Lieutenants of Counties, fJc. to one of his

'Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State..

To M. N. one of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State.

ABSTRACT of Mutter Rolls of Volunteer Corps within the of received by me O. A

his Majesty’s Lieutenant for the fame, fmce the Day of in the Year

No. Names and Defer ip - tion of Corps. Number of Persons enrolled and serv. ing therein. Conditions of Ser- vice. When inspected, or if willing to befo, as required by the Act 39 Geo. ill.

I Gentlemen and Yeomanry. 60 As required in the A3 39Geo. III. Inspe3ed 25 Ol7. 1799.

2 Infantry. IOO Within the said Town only. Not ihfpe3ed, but willing to befo.

3 Ditto. 70 In any Part of Great Britain. Ditto.

&c. &c. See. &c. | &c.

CAP. XV.

An Act to continue, until the twenty-first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, zm

A3, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain

such Persons as His Majesty shallfufpeft are conspiring against his Person anj Government.

[9th January 1799.]

44 38 Geo. III. Cap. 36.5 recited. Persons imprisoned for High Treason,bV. may be detained till May 21,

44 U99' $ *• ^3 *n Scotland of 1701, for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, so far as may relate to»

44 Treason, &e. suspended till May 21, 1799, csV. % 2- From may 21, 1799, Persons so committed to have

u the Benefit of all Laws providing for the Liberty of the Subject, &c. $ 3. Privileges of Parliament not

44 invalidated by this A3. §4. Persons against whom Indictments for High Tieafon are already found, to

44 be tried thereon. § 5. Continuance of A3 till May 21, 1799. § 6.” [5/r post. Cap. 44.]

CAP. XVI.

An Act to revive and continue, until thirty Days after the Commencement of the next Session ef Par-

liament, an Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of Hrs present Majesty, Chapter Seventy*

fix, videlicet, on the seventeenth Day of June one Uwufand seven hundred and ninety-three, intituled.

An At1for establishing Courts of Judicature in tie If and ^/'Newfoundland, and the islands adjacent.

[9th January 1799.]

CAP. XVII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments;

and to indemnify Jtiftices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifi-

cations within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes, until

the twenty*fifth Day o{December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; to indemnify Members

and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be

stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been loft or miflatd, and for allowing them,

until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to provide Admissions

duly stamped ; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of

Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the first Day of

Michaelmas Term one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine ; to allow to such Persons who have omitted

to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contra3s of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants* until the twenty-

second Day of June one thousand seven hundred ar.d ninety-nine, for Payment of the fame; to indemnify

Attornies who have omitted to enter their Certificates according to Law, and for allowing them, until the

first Day of* Easttr Term, to enter the fame with the-proper Officer; and for indemnifying Deputy

Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neg|e3ed to transmit Defcnptions of their Qualifica-

tions to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time dire3ed by Law, and for extending the Time limited

for that Purpose, until the first Day of September one thousand (even hundred and ninety-nine.

[9th January 1799.]

CAP;

