462

C. 100.

Anno 39* & 40* G-eorgh III. A. D. 1.800.

but no such at the Time of his accepting such Commission : any Thing in any Act or Afls to the contra rythereof

SSSdSff notwithstanding.

receive Half Pay, &c.

The Officers

and others on

board such

Ships shall be

entitled to

Prize Money,

See.

Offences shall

be ti icd, as if

committed by

any Person be-

longing; to his

Majesty's Fleet.

Admiralty shall

cause the Arti-

cles of War

(under 2* Geo.

%. 0. 33.) to be

printed in the

Dutch Lan-

guage j and the

Captain of

each Ship shall

affix a Copy on

the mod pub-

lick Place

therein, and

cauf-ch: fame

to be from Time

IL And be it further enacted, That the Officers, Seamen, Soldiers, and others on board the said four

Ships or Vessels, shall have and be entitled to Prize Mqney, Head Money, Salvage, and all other Benefit

and Advantage to accrue from Prize, in all and every the fame Cafes, and under the fame Regulations, Re-

strictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as arc or may be established for the Officers# Seamen, Marines, and

Soldiers in and on board his Majesty’s Ships of War, whether such Prize Money, Head Money, Salvage,

or other Benefit or Advantage shall accrue from Captures made solely by the said four Ships or Vessels or

any of them, or by them or any of them in Conjunction with any of his Majesty’s Sea or Land Forces,

or with any Private Ship of War or Letter of Marque ; and that all such Captures shall be proceeded against,

and in case of Condemnation, be entitled to the like Privileges, and subject to the like Rules and Regu-

lations, and also be appraiseJ and fold in like Manner as if they had been made by any of his Majesty’s

Ships ; and that the Shares of Prize Money, Head Money, and Salvage shall become due and payable to

the Treasurer of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, in the like Cafes and under the like Circumihnces, in

which Shares of Prize Money, Head Money', and Salvage become due and payable to the fame, when the

Captures or Recaptures have been effected by any of his Majesty’s Ships of War ; and that the Agents fur,

Appraisements and Sales shall be subject and liable to all such Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and For-

feitures, as if they had been Agen*6 to any of his Majesty’s Ships ; and that all the Penalties and Forfeit-

ures above mentioned shall be applied in like Manner as if the Subject Matter had related to the Ships, Offi-

' cers or Seamen of his Majesty, or to the Captures made by any such Ships, Officers or Seamen; any Law

or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted. That all Offences comnrtitted by any Officer, Seaman, or Soldier be-

longing to any of the said four Dutch Ships or Vessels, shall be tried and pum(hed in such Manner as the

like Offences are or ought to be tried and punished, when committed by any Person belonging to his Ma-

jesty’s Fleet.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, ox

the Commissioners for executing the Office of the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being,

shall cause the Articles of War mentioned and contained in a certain Act of Parliament, made and passed

in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled. An Act for

amending, explaining, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Lazvs .relating to the Government rf his

Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea, to be transfated into the Dutch Language and printed, and a

competent Number of Copies thereof to be delivered to the Captain or Commander of each of the said

Dutch Ships or Vessels, which Captain or Commander, as soon as the Ship or Vessel by him commanded,

P .ill be put into Sea Pay, shall cause one of the said printed Copies to be hung up and affixed to the most

publick Place of such Ship or Vcllel, and the fame to be constantly kept up and renewed, and from Time

to Time read over in the Presence of the Officers and Seamen of such Ship or Vessel, in the same Manner

as is used on board his Majesty’s Ships.

to Time read over to the Seamen.

Number of

Dutch Officers

receffjry to

con dilute a

Court Martial.

Natives of the

Seven United

Provinces may

accept Com-

missions from

his Majesty to

serve as Officers

or Engineers,

10 fulfil the

Agreement lor

receiving 6cx.o

Dutch Troop*

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That on every Court Martial for the Trial of any Dutch

Officer, Seaman, or Soldier belonging to any of the said four Dutch Snips or Vessels, three Dutch Officersof

the Rank or Denomination of a Captain or Commander belonging to the said Ships, if so many of such Of-

ficers shall then be present at the Port or Place where such Court Martial shall be held* and can attend on

such Court Martial, shall fit, and in every Respect aft as Members at such Court Martial ; and if so many

of such Dutch Officers of Rich Rank as afore said, shall not be present, or cannot attend on such Court

Martial, then so many (less than three) as shall be present and can attend as aforesaid, shall fit and aft as

Members of such Court Martial: Provided always, That the whole Number of the Members of any such

Court Martial, including such Dutch Officers as aforesaid, who shall so fit and aft, shall not, iri any Cafe,

exeeed thirteen ; and that the like Excuses shall be allowed to any of such Dutch Officers for not fitting at

such Court Martial, as is allowed to Officers in his Majesty’s Service ; and in case no such Dutch Officer shall

be present as aforesaid, or can attend on such Court Martial, then such Court Martial shall conlift of such

Number of British Officers, as by the Law and Usage of the British) Navy would constituce or be entitled to

fit at any Court Martial held for the Trial of any Person serving in the British Navy.

VI..4 And whereas an Agreement has been signed, by his Majesty’s Command, between his Serene

4 Highness the Prince Stadtholder and the Right Honourable Lord Grenville, 011c of his Majesty’s Principal

4 Secretaries of State, for receiving into his Majesty’s Pay and Service a Body of Troops not exceeding

4 six thousand Men, confiding of Natives of the Seven United Provinces, or of Subjects of the Here-

4 ditary States of his Serene Highness the Prince of Orange as aforesaid : And whereas it is expedient toen-

4 able his Majesty to fulfil the T erms of the said Agreement, and to make Provision for the due Regulation

4 and Government of th* said Troops ;’ be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Persons

who are Natives of the Seven United Provinces, or are Subjects of the Hereditary States of his Serene

Highness the Prince of Orange, as shall be willing to serve his Majesty, to enlist as Soldiers, and to ac-

cept Commissionsor Letters of Service, to serve as Officers or Engineers, from his Majesty, his Heirs and

Successors,

Goc e

