A. D. 1799* Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. (7.1ix.-—lxvii. 227

Cap. lix.

An Act to enlarge the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts, relating to the Harbour of

Liverpool; and for making two additional Wet Docks and Piers in or near the Port of Liverpool; and for

rendering more safe and commodious the said Port and Docks.—[21ft June 1799].

Cap. lx.

An Act for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Stratford upon Avon Canal Navigation to vary

theCourfe of certain Parts of the said Canal, direSed to be made by an Act, passed in the thirty-third 33Ccok3

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also to make a Branch out of the said Canal, and also to

vary the Course of a navigable Cut directed to be made from the said Stratford upon Avon Canal, in the

Parish of Lapiuorth;, into the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, in the Manor of King [wood, in the County

of Warwick, by another AS, passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for «c Geo. re. 7*1

amending the said Acts. —[21ft June 1799.]

Cap lxi.

An Act for paving the Footways, and for cleansing, lighting, and regulating, the Streets, Lanes, and other

Publick Passages and Places, within the Town of Trowbridge, in the County of Wilts ; and for removing

and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and ObstruSions, therein.—[ift July 1799 ]

Cap. lxii.

An Act for continuing, for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the thirteenth Year of

the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled. An Act for enlarging the Term and

Powers of three Acts, pa fed in the frjl, ninth, and twenty second Tears of the Reign of If is late Majesty

King George the Second, for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from the House called The Sign of

the Bells, in the Pariflj of Saint Margaret, in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other Roads therein

mentioned, in the County of Kent.— [ 1 ft July 1799.]

Cap. lxiii.

An Act for more etFeSually repairing and improving the Ro3d from The Green Man, in the Chapelry of Seend,

in the County of Wilts, through Trowbridge, to Beckington, in the County of Somerset, and several other

Roads communicating with, or lying near to, the said Road $ and for making and maintaining certain Pieces

of New Road in Trowbridge afoicfaid.—[i&July 1799.]

Cab.lxiv.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Year*, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia-

ment, the Term, Snd enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning the Road from

Ardwick Green, near Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, to the Bridge clt the Corn Mills at

Wilmslow, in td?e County ^/’Chester.—[ift July 1799. ]

Cap. lxv.

An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, intituled, An At7for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Rep air several Roads,

therein mentioned, leading from a Gate, in the Town and County of Poole, called Poole Gate, \ and/or repealing

two Acts of Parliament, of the twenty-ninth and thirtieth Tears of His late Majesty, relating to the said

Roads,; and also for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, towards paving and repairing a certain

Street or Way within the said Town and County.—[ ift July 1799.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Act to empower the Right Honourable Henry Earl Fauconberg to charge his Settled Estates in the Coun-

ties of York and Chester with the Sum of fifteen thousand Pounds, in lieu of the Right of him the said Henry

Earl Fauconberg, and the other Tenants for Life of the said Estates, to cut down Timber growing thereon;

and to grant Building Leafesof such Parts of the said Settled Estates as are near, or adjoining to, the Town

of Macclesfield, in the said County of Ckester\ and for vesting the Manor and other Hereditaments of and in

Sutton in the Forrjl, in the said County of York, other Part of the said Settled Estates, in Trustees, in Trust

to sell the same, and, out of the Money arising from the Sale thereof, to discharge the Incumbrances

on the said Settled Estates .—[ift July 1799.]

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for more easily effeSuating the Sale of Part of the Freehold Estates late of James Duberly Esquire,

deceased, and for applying the clear Monies to arise therefrom upon the Trwfts of die Marriage

Settlements of his five Daughters.—[ift July 1799.]

G g 2 Cap. Ixviii.

