xii The TITLES

lix. An Act to enlarge the Term, and alter and enlarge the

Powers, of several Acts, relating to the Harbour ot Li-

verpool-, and for making two additional Wet Docks and

Piers in or near the Port of Liverpool \ and for rendering

more safe and commodious the said Port and Docks.*

Page ziy

lx. An Act for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of

the Stratjord upon Avon Canal Navigation to vary the

Course of certain Parts of the said Canal, directed to be

made by an Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty, and also to make a Branch

out of the said Canal, and also to vary the Course of a

navigable Cut directed to be made from the said Stratford

upon Avon Canal, in the Parish of Lapworth, into the

Warwick and Birmingham Canal, in the Manor of Kings-

wood, in the County of Warwick, by another Act, passed

in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-

jesty, and for amending the said Acts. Ibid.

Ixi. An Act for paving the Footways, and for cleaning,

lighting, and regulating, the Streets, Lanes, and other

Publick Passages and Places, within the Town of Trow-

bridge, in the County of Wilts; and for removing and

preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions,

therein. Ibid.

lxii. An Act for continuing, for twenty-one Years, and

from thence to the End of the then next Session cf Par-

liament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the

Powers, of an Act, passed in the thirteenth Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third,

intituled. An Afl for enlarging the Term and Powers of

three Acts, passed in the prjl, ninth, and twenty-second

Tears of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the

Second', for repairing and cnlargingjthe Road leading from

the House called The Sign of the Bells, in the Parish of

Saint Margaret, in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other

Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

lxiii. An Act for more erfedually repairing and improving

the Road from The Green Man, in the,Chapelry oiSeend, in

the County of Wilts, through Trowbridge, to Beckington,

in the County of Somerset, and several other Roads com-

municating with, or lying near to, the said Road ; and for

making and maintaining certain Pieces of New Road in

Trowbridge aforesaid. Ibid.

Ixiv. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in

'the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled. An AtI for repairing, widening, altering, divert-

ing, and turning the Road from Ardwick Green, near

Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, to the Bridge

at the Corn Mills at Wilmslow, in the County a^Chester.

Ixv. An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act,

passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present

Majesty, intituled. An Act for more effectually amending,

widtning, and keeping in Repair ^several Roads therein men-

tioned, leading from a Gate, in the Town and County of

Poole, called Poole Gate ; and for repealing two Acts of

Parliament, of the twenty-ninth ana thirtieth Tears of

His late Majesty, relating to the said Roads ; and also for

applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, towards

paving and repairing a certain Street or Way within the said

Town and County. Ibid.

)xvi. An Act to empower the Right Honourable Henry Earl

Fauconberg to charge his Settled Estates in the Counties

of York and Chfler with the Sum of fifteen thousand

9

of the S T A T U T E S,

Pounds, in lieu of the Right of him the said Henry Eart

Fauconberg, and the other Tenants for Life of the said.

Estates, to cut down Timber growing thereon; and to

grant Building Leases of such Parts of the said Settled

Estates as are near, or adjoining to, the Town of Mac-

clcsfield, in the said County of Chfler\ and for veiling the

Manor and other Hereditaments of and in Sutton in the

Forcjl, in the said County of York, other Part of the said

Settled Estates, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same,

and, out of the Money arising from the Sale thereof, to

discharge the Inoumbrances on the said Settled Estates.

Page 22 j

lxvii. An Act for more easily effeduating the Sale of Part of

the Freehold Estates late of fames Duberly Esquire, de-

ceased, and for applying the clear Monies to ariie there-

from upon the 1 rusts of the Marriage Settlements of*

his five Daughters. Ibid..

lxviii. An Act-for veiling the Fee Simple of several Estates in

the County of Chfler, (devised by the Will of Philip*

Ejerton Esquire, deceased, to aTrustee for a Term of

Years, for the Purpose of discharging his Debts, with Re-

mainder to the Uses therein mentioned,) in T ruftees, to<

be sold for discharging the said Debts, and to lay out

the Surplus (if any) of the Monies arising by such Sale*

in the Purchase of Lands to be settled to the same Uses.

228‘ /

Ixix. An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better v

regulating the Port of London. Ibid.

lxx. An Act for enabling the Grimsby Haven Company to

finifii and complete the Navigation of the said Haven*,

and for amending an Act, passed in the thirty-sixth Year

of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening*,

deepening, enlarging, altering, and improving, the Haver*'

of ethe Town and Port of Great Grimsby, in the County*

of Lincoln. 256

lxxi. An Act for empowering the Company of Proprietors of

the Forth and Clyde Navigation to repay, into the Court

of Exchequer in Scotland, the Sum advanced to them for

the Purpose of completing the said Navigation; for re-

pealing so much of an Act, of the twenty-fourth Year of

His present Majesty, as relates to the said Company ; add

for enabling the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer to

advance Part of the Sum so to be received to the Company

of Proprietors of the Qrinan Canal, on certain Conditions*

Ibid•

lxxii. An Act for settling the Right of Patronage or Pre-

fentation of or to the new Chapel of Cradley, in that Part

of the Parish of Halesowen which lies in the County and

Diocese of Worcester, and for other Purposes. Ibid.

lxxiii. An Act for making and maintaining a Tunnel, or

Road, under the River Thames, from or near to the Town

of Gravesend, in the County of Kent, to or near to 77/-

bun Fort, in the County of Essex. Ibid.

Ixxiv. An Act for making a new. Street from the Haymarkct

into Charles Street, St. James's Square, within the City

and Liberty of Westminster. 260

lxxv. An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keep-

ing in Repair, the Road leading from Cheadky through

Alveton, to the Uttoxeter and Ashborne Turnpike Road*

at or near 3>uickjhill Bank ; and also the Road leading

from the Stone and Uttoxeter Turnpike Road, at Bear's

Brook, through Hollington, to the said Uttoxeter and jffh-

borne Turnpike Road, at or near the Cimrnet Bridge at

Rocester, in the County of Stafford, to continue in Force

for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of

the then next Session of Parliament. Ibid.

Ixxvi. An Act to continue, for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament*

the

