'39+

Aril Offeree*

ao I. or three

Months for the

iecond j 40 s.

or six Months

for the third,&c.

Application of

Forfeitures.

Evidence of In-

habitants of

the Place where

the Offence is

committed shall

Con visions

shall be drawn

up in the fol-

lowing

Ftrm*

Projection!

mu ft be begun

within nine

Months.

Persons ag-

grieved may

appeal to the

'Quarter Sessione

(except on Or-

ders of Com-

jnitment.)

Proceedings not

to be quashed

<oir Want of

Form, or rc-

moveableinto

any Court of Record,

C< 77, 78. Anno 39* 8c 40* Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Jaftice or Justices shall seem meet, over and above the Charges previous to and attending such Conviftioiu

to be ascertained by such Tuftice or Justices who shall convict the Offender, and upon Nonpayment thereof,

such Just ice or Justices mall commit the Offender to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard

Labour for six Months, or until the Penalty and Charges shall be paid: Provided always. That no Person

who shall be convicted of any Offence under this Act, shall be liable to be prosecuted for the fame Offence

under any other Law.

VI. And be it further ena£led, That all and every the Forfeitures to be paid in pursuance of this Act

shall be distributed between the Informer and the Overseer or Overseers of the Parish or Place where the

Offence shall be committed, for the Use of the Poor of such Parish or Place, in such Proportion as the Juf-

tice or Justices before whom the Offenders shall be convicted shall think fit.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in all Informations and other Proceedings for any of the last*raen*

tioned Offences, the Evidence of the Inhabitants of the Parish or Place where the Offence shall be com-

mitted, shall be taken and allowed any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

be'good.

VIII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted.

That all and every the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall becon-

vidled of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the follow-

ing Words, or in any Form of Words to the fame Effect, as the Cafe shall happen (videlicetJ

4 TOE it remembered. That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord A. B.

4 having been brought before me [or, having been duly summoned, and not having appeared, as the Cafe

4 may happen] is on his own Confession [or, on due Proof, whichever may be the Cafe] convicted before

4 me, C. D. one of his Majesty's Justices of the*Peace for the County of for that he the said

4 A. B. on the Day of at in the said County of did [here fie-

4 cify the Offence according to the Fafl, and following the Words of the Act, and whether the fame is the first,

4 or what other Offence] against the Form of the Statute in that Cafe made; and I do adjudge him to for-

4 feit and pay for the said Offence the Sum of and also the further Sum of for

the Charges of this Conviction. Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day

and Year first aforesaid.’

IX. Provided always!, That no Person shall be prosecuted for any Offence against this ASt, unless Rich

Prosecution be began within nine Calendar Months after the Offence committed*

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons thinking himself or them-

selves aggrieved by any Order or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of

this Act, save and except any Order of Commitment, may, within three Calendar Months after such

Order or Determination shall be made, complain to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter Sef-

fions to be held in and for the County or Place where the Cause of Appeal shall arise, who shall

either hear and determine such Complaint at such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or if they think

propet* may adjourn the hearing thereof to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held fer

the said County or Place, "and if they fee Cause, may quaff) any Conviction, or mitigate any Forfeiture or

Fine, and may award Costs to either Party, or order any Money to be returned which shall have been

levied in pursuance of any such Order or Determination, and (halLand may also award such further Satis-

faction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable; but no Proceedings to be had and

taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari,

or by any other Writ or Procels whatsoever, into any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVejlnurjier or

elsewhere* any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding*

CAP. LXXYTII.

An Act todischarge from a disputed and dormant Claim of the PuWick, several Estates belonging to the Right

Honourable IVllliam Carr Earl of Errol, Lord High Constable^of Scotland. [9th July 1800.]

“ 1 Geo. 1. St. 2. c. 32. (by which James Earl of Linlithgow, great Grand-father of the yyrefent Earl of

44 Errol was attainted ;) and Geo. 1. c. B. for ve(ling the forfeited Estates in Trustees, recited. So much

41 of Geo. 1. c. 8. repealed as relates to the Estate of Mumrals % 1. The Earl of Errol d scharged

44 from Payment of a Sum of 4901/. 5 s. 4 d* and I nterest, charged on the said Estate. § 2. Publick Act*

“ i }”

CAP.

