182 ' C. 90, 91, 92. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Any Person

serving in the

Militia may

beat up for

Volunteers.

General Meet-

ings of Lieu-

tenancy, after

Receipt of Re-

turns, shall

make an Ap-

portionment of

the Men entitl-

ed, and all

Vacancies shall

afterwards he

filled up, and

Ballots regulated

according

thereto; and

the Families of

accurate Account of all Sums of Morey expended in raifing such Volunteers, together wkh the Balance

remaining in his Hands from Time to Time for that Purpose.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer, Serjeant, or other Person, serv-

ing for the Time being in the said Militia, being thereunto authorized by the Commanding Officer for the

T»me being, to beat up for and enlist Volunteers to serve in the said Militia, for the supplying all such

Vacancies as may be, at the Time of passing this Act, in the said Militia, or at any Time afterwaids shall

arise therein.

IX. And be it further enacted, ThaPthe Deputy Lieutenants assembled at the General Meetings of

Lieutenancy, next after the Receipt of any such Returns as aforesaid, shall make an Apportionment of the

Men so enlisted as aforesaid, according to the Number of Men so enlisted, and the Vacancies in the respec-

tive Parishes to be thereby supplied, and also as near as may be, according to the several and respective

Amounts of the respective Sums that shall have been paid into the Hands of the Commanding (Officers by

such Clerk to the Deputy Lieutenants, in the Manner and for the Purpbfe aforesaid; and all Vacancies

afterwards arising therein shall be filled up, and all Ballots for any Men to serve in such Militia shall hence-

forth be regulated according to such Apportionment so made as aforesaid, in like Manner as is provided by

any Act or Acts now in force for the railing, providing, and recruiting such Militia, in like Manner as if the

Men so enlisted and apportioned as aforesaid, had been supplied by Ballot according to the said Acts; and

the Families of all Persons enlisted by virtue of this Act, and serving in the said Militia, shall be entitled to

the fame Allowances from the respective Parishes to which they shall be apportioned, as by any Act of Parlia-

ment relative to the Militia are provided for the Families of Militia Men called out into actual Service.

Persons enlisted lhaljbe entitled to Allowance from the Pari/hcs to which apportioned.

All Acts relat-

ing to the

Militia extend-

ed to this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures,

Bounties, Allowances, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in the aforesaid Acts of the twenty-sixth

and thirty-seventh Years of his Majesty's Reign, or in any other Act of Parliament relative to the raising,

training, embodying, and calling out of the Militia, or providing for the Families of Militia Men called out,

or in any Ad to be passed in this Session of Parliament relative to the paying, cloathing, or fubhfting the

Militia, shall be applied, practised, and put in Execution, with respect to the Militia directed to be raised by

this Act, in as full and ample a Manner as if the said Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties,

Forfeitures, Bounties, Allowances, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were again repeated and enacted in this

Ad, so far as the same are applicable to the Provisions of this Act, and are not repugnant to or altered by the

express Provisions of this Act*

CAP. XCI,

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.—[ 12th July 1799 J

44 Sum to be raised 703,5a!/. 13 4^. Number of Tickets 55,000, at 12/. 15 s. \od. each. J 1. Lot-

44 tery to begin drawing March 3, 1800. % 10. Amount of Brizes 500,000 /. § 4. 16,765 Prize Tickets,

44 viz. one of 30,000l., two of 20,000l., three of 10,000l., four of 5,000l., five of 2,000l., ten of 1,000l.,

44 ten of 500 /., twenty-six of 100l., fifty-four of 50/., sixteen thousand six hundred and fifty of 18/, with

“ 30,000l. to the first drawn Ticket on the 20th Day of Drawing, and 30,000l. to the first drawn

44 Ticket on the 26th Day, making in the Whole 500,000l. § 9. Prizes to be paid Augu/i 1,1800. § 19.

44 Tickets to begin delivering August 13, 1799. § 16.”

1 Ann®, e. 11.

The annual

Account of the

Stamp Duties

shall in future

be made upon

Jan 5, yearly,

or at such other

Time as the Treasury thafldireft.

CAP. XCII.

An Act for altering the Period of making up the Annual Account of the Duties on damped

Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.—[12th July 1799 ]

4 T T WHEREAS by an Act, made in the first Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act forpre-

venting Frauds in Her Alajjly's Duties upon /lamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, it is directed,

that the annual Account of the Stamp Duties shall be- made up on the first Day of August in every Year;

4 And whereas it is expedient that the said Account (bould be made up at a Period corresponding with

4 other Accounts of the Publick Revenuebe it therefore enacted by the King’s raoft Excellent Ma-

jesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth Day

of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the Account of the said Duties /hall be made up

annually on the fifth Day of January in every Year, or at such other Period as the Lords Commissioners

of his Majesty’s Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being,

shall direct and appoint j anyt hing in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise not-

withstanding.

CAP.

