A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 13. 55

Persons, purfje all such Rules, Directions, and Regulations, and shall have such Powers asare herein-before *

prescribed and given for the Conduct of Commercial Commissioners especially appointed under this Act as

aforesaid ; and the Sum so charged shall be paid and accounted for in the same Manner. , fionmufider v

this assisted by two Persons from the Grand Jurors* Lift* who shall then aft as Commciclal Gommissionerd•

CXIV. Provided always* and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a

Commercial Commissioner under this Act, or as an Assistant to such Commissioners, who shall not be

fcifed or possessed of an Estate of the like Nature and Value as is herein-before required for a Com'-

missioner for the Purposes of this Act as aforesaid, for a County at large; and if any Person, not qualified

as aforesaid, shall act in the Execution of this Act as a Commercial Commissioper, every such Person shall

forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered by the said first

recited Act* § :} Acting without such Qualification, to forfeit tool*

CXV. And be it further enacted. That every Person to be appointed a Commercial Commissioner as Commercial

aforesaid, before he shall begin to act therein, (except in administering the Oath herein referred to,) Commissioner/

shall take the fame Oath as is herein-before required to be taken by a Commissioner for the Purposes of

Contort erciai

Commissioner!

shall be qualified

as other Com*

mifiloners

under this Act

fora County at

IS"

this Act; which Oath so taken shall be subscribed, and the Names of the Persons taking the fame shall ^cCrcommif-

be transmitted in the Manner before directed with respect to the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act. oners, and r

i subscribed, &c. (according to § aa.) [See additional Oath, c. 41.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person to be appointed an Assistant to the Commercial Aflistants to

Commissioners, shall before the said Commissioners take the following Oath ; (that is to say,) to°uke the^

|pg

4 T A. B. do (wear, That in the Execution of an Act, [here Jet forth the Title of this AftJ\ I will in all Re- 0alh \-

1 1 fp?£te aft fairly, honestly, and impartially, and without Favour, Affection, pr Malice, to the best of [Jg^dfee 1.4*1

4 my Knowledge and Bdief; and that I will not disclose any Particular contained in any Schedule of In- %S.J

4 come of any Person, Body Politick or Corporate, Company, Fraternity, or Society of Persons what-

4 ever, which shall be shewn to me in the Execution of the said Act, except in such Cafes only where it shall

4 be necessary to disclose the fame for the Purposes of the said Act, or in order to, or in the Courfeof, a

4 Prosecution for Perjury committed in any Matter relating to such Schedule.

4 So help me GOD.*

CXV II. And be it further enacted. That the said respective Commercial Commissioners shall and may Commerce* ‘

appoint and employ 3 Clerk, and such other Officer or Officers as may be necessary, with the Consent and Coiwniffioneii

Approbation of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three of them, and shall and may give and ad- -ay-cmp. y

minister to such Clerk, and other Officer or Officers respectively, an Oath for their faithful Demeanor in all

Things relating to the due Performance of the Trusts reposed in them by the said respective Commercial

Commissioners, and also the Oath herein-before required to be taken by Clerks to* the respective Commis-

sioners for the Purposes of this Act, which Oath (nail be duly subscribed by the Parties taking the fame;

and the said respective Commercial Commissioners shall and may from Time to Time, at their Difcretron,

dismiss and discharge such Clerk, or other Officer or Officers, and appoint others in their Place ; and the __________

said Clerks and other Officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the said Trusts in them Corami^onm*

respectively reposed, without taking any Thing for such Service, other than such Salaries or Rewards as the The Clerk to

said respective Commercial Commissioners, with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of the

Treasury, or any three or more of them, shall allow, in Manner herein-after directed. (htU^iSowel

by the Commissioner*, with the Approbation of the Treasury*

Clerk, who

shall take ait

Oath of Fide-,

lity, andaflb

the Oath re-

quired (by 4 35*

andfeec,41. \ 81)

for'Clerks to

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of The Treasury

them, for the Time being, arc hereby respectively authorized, from Time to Time, to direct the Cashier or

Cashiers of the Bank of England, or the respective Receivers General before mentioned, as may be -most ccWerTccneral

convenient, to advance and pay, out of the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties granted by this to pay the Ex-,

Act, to such Person or Persons as the said respective Commercial Commissioners, or the major Part of pences of the \

them.acting for any District as aforesaid, shall respectively name, such Sums of Money as shall appear to Commercial

the said'Commissioners of the Treasury necessary for the last mentioned Purposes of this Act; which Sftms *Comn^onw

fq to be advanced shall be applied for the Payment of Allowances, and in defraying all other necessary

Charges and Expences in or about the Execution of this Act, in respect to the Commercial Commissioners,

without other Account than before the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the said Rates and Duties, (the ne- The Money

cessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted,) and also all Monies to be received at thfe raifedunder thfo

Bank of England under this Act, shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s £x- bcpaW

chequer, distinftly and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Revenues and that there shall be pro- and

wided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer a Book or Books, in which all thcAccount ’

the Montes artfing from the said respective Rates and Duties, or received at the Bank of England, and paid thereof kept '

into the G&id Recemt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and ap%rt from all other Monies paid or payable to

his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever; and the said Monies so paid into the

said Receipt, shall be subject and liable to the Uses and Purposes herein-after mentioned-

CXX. 4 And whereas all the Monies arising from the Additional Rates and Assessments, or from Pay- Recital of the

4 ments at the Bank of England, by virtue of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, ££Dutfe*1

4 An Act for granting to his Alaje/ly an Aid md Contribution for the Prcfecution of the IVar^ together with the u^der 38 Geo. 3.

4 Duties c, *6. ^ 97.)..

Goog

