*5°

C. 79*

Anno tricesimo nono GeOrgh III. A.D. 1799.

be cVcnv-ft vlif-

ordcsly, and

the Person so

refusing shall

iQilcit 2oi.

♦ c. *.

T<vo Jartices in

Si ifion m iy

grant Licences

i/>r le&urinj

or reading,

which may be

1 evoked at any

General Sdfion.

A Justice may

demand Admit-

tance to any

licensed Place,

and if rtfufed, it

shall be deemed

disorderly, and

the Person so

refusing shall

forfeit aoL

Any two Juf-

tices on Evi-

dence on Oath

that any licensed

Place is used for

Lectures of a

fed itious or

immoral Ten-

dency, &c. may

declare the Licence forfeited

deemed a disorderly House or Place, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and of the said recited Act

Of the thirty-sixth Y,ear aforesaid*; and all and every the Provisions herein before and in.the said recited

Ad contained, respecting any House, Room, Field, or Place, therein or herein before declared to be a

disorderly House or Place, shall be applied to such House, Room, Field, or Place, where such Admittance

shall have been refused as aforesaid $ and every Person refusing such Admittance shall forfeit the Sum of

twenty Pounds.

XVIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for tyvo or more Justices of the

Peace for the County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town, or Place, where any House, Room, or other

Building, shall be intended to be opened for any of the Perrposes aforesaid, by Writing under their Hand3

and Seals, at their General Sessions of the Peace, or at any Special SeiBon to be hejd for the particular Pur-

nose, to grant a Licence to any Person or Persons desiring the fame, to open such House, Room, or other

Building, for the Purpose of delivering for Money any such Lectures or Discourfe6 as aforesaid, on any

Subjects, the fame being clearly expressed in such Licence, or for the Purpose of reading Books, Pamphlets,

Newspapers, or other Publications ; for which Licence a Fee of one Shilling and no more, shall be paid,

and the fame shall.be in force for the Space of one Year, and no longer, or for any less Space of Time,

therein to be specified; and which Licence it shall be lawful for. the Justices of the Peace of the fame

County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town, or Place, at any General Sessions of the Peace, to revoke and

declare void, and no longer in force, by any Order of such Justices; a Copy whereof shall be delivered to*

or served upon the Person to whom the said Licence so revoked shall have been granted, or shall be left at the

House, Room, or Building, for which such Licence shall have been granted, and thereupon such Licence

shall cease and determine, and be thenceforth utterly void and of no Effect.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace

of any County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town, or Place, where any such House, Room, or other

Building shall be licensed, as herein provided, to go to such House, Room, or Building, so licensed, at the

Time of delivering any such Lecture or Discourse therein as aforesaid, or at the Time appointed for

delivering any such Lecture or Discourse, or whilst such House, Room, or Building shall be opened or used,

or during the Time appointed fopufing the fame as a Place for reading Books, Pamphlets, Newfoapers,

or other Publications as aforesaid, and demand to be admitted therein ; and in case such Tuftice or Justices

shall be refused Admittance to such House, Room, or Building, the fame shall be deemed, notwithstanding

any such Licence as aforesaid, a disorderly House or Place, within the Meaning of this Act ; and all and

every the Provisions herein-before contained, respecting any House, Room, Field, or Place, herein-before

declared to be a disorderly House or Place, shall be applied to such House, Room, or Building so licensed

as aforesaid, where such Admittance shall have been refused as aforesaid; and every Person refuting such

Admittance shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace acting

for any County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Town,pr Place, upon Evidence, on Oath, that any

House, Room, or Place, so licensed and opened as aforesaid, is commonly used for the Purpose of delivering

there Lectures or Discourses of a seditious or immoral Tendency, or that Books, Pamphlets, Newspapers,

pr other Publications of a seditious or immoral Nature, are there commonly kept and delivered to be read,

to adjudge and declare the Licence for opening the fame to have been forfeited ; and such Licence shall there-

upon cease and determine, and shall thenceforth be utterly void and ofnoEffed.

Every Abhouse,

fee. to be deem-

ed licensed for

Reading; but

two Justices, on

Evidence on

- Oath that fedi-

tious or immoral

Publications are

read, may de-

clare the L;c.nee

ioilcilcd.

Not to extend

to Lectures

delivered in the

L'niver situs,

or the Hall of

’any of the Inns

ot Gourt, ice.

o: by the Pro-

Klfors in

tircihain Cel

Jrvc. Payments

ro school-

XXI. Provided also, That every House, Room, or Place, licensed for the Sale of Ale, Beer, Wine, or

Spirituous Liquors, shall also be deemed a House or Place licensed for the Purpose of reading Books,

Pamphlets, and other Publications, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act; but nevertheless it shall be

lawful to and for any two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City,

Borough, Town, or Place, where such House, Room, or Place shall be, upon Evidence on Oath that Books,

Pamphlets, or other Publications of a seditious or immoral Nature, are usually distributed for the Purpose

of being read at such House, Room, or Place, to adiudge and declare the Licence or Licences for felling

Ale, Beer, Wine, or Spirituous Liquors, under the Authority whereof such House, Room, or Place, shall

be used for the Purpose of selling Ale, Beer, Wine, or Spirituous Liquors, to have been forfeited, and the

Person or Persons so keeping such House, Room, or Place, shall, from and after the Day of the Date of

such Adjudication and Declaration, be subject and liable to all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures which

such Person or Persons would be subject and liable to, if such Licence or Licences had expired, or otherwise

determined, on that Day for any Act done after that Day.

XXII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conftfued to extend, to

any Lecture or Discourses to be delivered in any of the Univerfuies of these Kingdoms by any Member

thereof, or any Person authorized by the Chancellor, Vice Chancellor, or other proper Officers of such

Universities respectively, or to any Lecture or Discourse to be delivered in the Publick Hail of any of the

Inns of Court or Chancery, by any Person authorized by the Benchers of the Inns of Court, or by the Pro-

feflors in GreJfjam College; and that no Payment made to any Schoolmaster, or other Person by Law aHowed

to teach and instrud Youth, in respect of any Lectures or Discourses delivered by such Schoolmaster or

other Person, for the Instruction only of such Youth as shall be committed to his Instruction, shall be

deemed a Payment of Money for Admission to such Lectures or Discourses, within the Intent and Meaning

of this Act.

r.c; '.'canal Payments lor Admission to Lectures.

XXIII. 1 And

