3+2

The Duties and

Drawbacks

tinder this A&

■ihal! He ma-

naged, levied,

and allowed as

flic former, and

the Powers of

»70to. 3. c. 13.

and all other

for secur*

ring the Reve-

nue of Customs

/hail extend, to

tliil A it.

3+Cro. 3. c. ji.

Fujt and Pav-

ing Stones, and

Stones for

mending Roads,

shall be exempt-

ed from the

Duty imposed

by recited Act,

if accompanied

with the ufuai

Coast Dif-

patches, and

provided the

Conditions

herein mentioned

But Stone so

exempted shall

he fuhjcdl to the

Regulations

prescribed by

recited Act.

U 6, 7 ]

31G10. 3. c 47.

29 Geo. 3.C.68.

/- soon a*

VcuUs ladtn

C. 5t.

Anno 39® 6c 40®

Georgii III.

A.D. 1800;

Merchandize imported into, exported from, or carried Coastwise in this Kingdom, and for other

Purposes.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties hereby imposed, and the Drawbacks allowed, shall

and may be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, recovered, appropriated,

applied, and allowed, in such and the like Manner, and in and by such and the like Ways, Means, or Me-

thods by which the Duties of Customs hereby repealed on the like Goods, Wares, or Merchandize imposed

and payable by an Ac!, pafi'ed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or by any

other Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, were or might be

managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, recovered, appropriated, applied,

and allowed; and the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so by this Act made chargeable with the said Duties,

and on which the said Drawbacks are allowed, shall be, and the fame are hereby made subject and liable to all

and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to which any

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, upon which any Duties of Customs are imposed and payable, or any

Drawbacks are allowed, were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immedi-

ately before the passing of this Act; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture for any Offence

whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before

the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement

thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained, shall, and are hereby directed

and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution, for and inre-

spedt of the Duties hereby charged, and the Drawback hereby allowed, as far as the fame are applicable

thereto, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if ail and every the said

Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, were particularly repeated

and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XIV. And whereas by an Act, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

c tituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Slate, Stone, and Marble, amongst

4 other Things certain Duties are imposed upon all Stone, the Production ot Great Britain, (except as"

4 therein provided,) which shall be brought Coastwise by Sea from any Port or Place within the Kingdom of

4 Great Britain to any other Port, or to any Place within the Limits of any other Port within the said

4 Kingdom; and it is also amongst other Things in the said Act provided, that any Stone cut or manu-

4 factured into Mill Stones, or manufactured Stone used for the Purposes of Hufnandry, shall not be charged

4 with the Duty thereby imposed on Stone the Production of Great Britain: And whereas it is expedient

that all Stone cut or manufactured into Burr Stones, and all Stones used for the Purpose ot paving, or for

the Purpose of making or mending Roads, should be exempt from the Payment of Duty \ be it therefore

enacted. That all Stones whatever, cut or manufactured into Burr Stones, and all Stones used for the Pur-

pose of paving, or for the Purpose of making or mending Roads, shall be, and the fame are hereby declared

to be, exempt from the Duty by the said recited Act upon Stone the Production of Great Britain, provided

the fame shall be accompanied with the ufuai Coast Dispatches, as in Cafe of Goods carried Coastwise free of

Duty; and that the Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees thereof, shall, previous to the

fame being unshipped or landed from on board the Ship or Vessel in which the fame shall have been brought

Coastwise, make, with the proper Officer of the Customs at the Port or Place where the fame shall be

brought Coastwise, a regular Entry of such Goods, and shall make Oath thereon before the said Officer,

who is hereby authorized and required to administer the fame, that such Goods are of the Denomination or

Description aforesaid; and, with respect to paving Stones, that the fame are intended for the Purposes of being

made use of in paving or making or mending of Roads only.

be complied with s

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Stone exempt from Duty by this Act shall be subject and liable

to such and the like Conditions, Restrictions, Forfeitures, and Penalties as are prescribed, directed, and

imposed by the said recited Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if all the Clauses,

Powers, Directions, and Authorities of the said recited Act, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the

Body of this present Act.

XVI.4 And whereas by an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty to pre-

4 vent other Ships than tho'e laden with Tobacco from mooring and discharging their Lading at the Places

4 appointed by an Act, palfed in the twenty ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An

4 Ac} for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof and for other

4 Purposes, it is amongst other Things enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Ship or Vessel, other

4 than such Ships as shall be laden in the Whole or in Part with Tobacco, to be moored, or the Lading

4 thereof discharged, at or within the Limits of any of the Places appointed, or to be appointed, for the

4 mooring of Ships laden with Tobacco; and in case any Ship or Velfpl shall be moored, or the Lading

4 thereof discharged, contrary to this Act, the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or

4 'Command of such Ship or Vessel, and wilfully offending herein, shall for each and every such Offence

4 forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds: And whereas the Provisions of the said recited Act arc not sufficient to

4 prevent Inconvenience to the Masters of Ships or Vessels laden with Tobacco, for Want of its being ex-

4 pressly declared, that after Ships or Vessels laden with Tobacco have discharged their Cargo, fuen Snips

# or Vessels shall be removed from the Mooring Places to make Room for other Ships or VeiTe’s which

4 may arrive with Tobacco for the Purpose of discharging their Cargoes / for Remedy thereof be it en-

acted, That as soon as conveniently may be after Ships or Vessels, laden in the Whole or in Part with To-

6 bacco

