(.Public Gener39

Sc 40 G E O. III.

xxi

granting new and additional Duties of Ctistoms on Goods

imported and exerted. Page 377

71. An Act to authorize Bakers and other Persons to fell

' Bread to his Majesty’s Forces on their March which shall

not have been baked twenty-four Hours, and to indemnify

all Persons by whom such Bread may “have been so (old.

Ibid.

72. An Act to amend several Laws relating to the Duties on

stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper. Ibid.

73. An Act for repealing-the Duties of Excise on Dist.l-

leries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of British-

made Spirits from England to Scotland, and for granting

other Duties in lieu thereof; and for altering, amending,

and continuing certain Acts of Parliament for the Regula-

tion of Distilleries in Scotland- 382

74. An Act for amending several Acts for regulating the

Price and Assize of Bread. 390

75. An Act for making Alliances in certain Cafes to

Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace. 392

76. An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Go-

vernors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India

Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Ex-

portation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bot-

toms. - Ibid.

77. An Act for the Security of Collieries and Mines, and for

the better Regulation of Colliers and Miners. Ibid.

78. An Act to discharge from a disputed and dormant Claim

of the Publick, several Estates belonging to the Right Ho-

nourable William Carr Earl of Err 01^ Lord High Con-

stable of Scotland. 394

79. An Act for establishing further Regulations for the Go-

vernment of the British Territories in India, and the better

Administration of Justice within the same. 395

80. An Act for erecting a Lazaret on Chetney Hill, in the

County of Kent; and for reducing into one Act the Law*

relating to Quarantine; and for making further Provision

therein. 400

81. An Act to repeal an Act, made in the fourteenth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to

prevent Frauds in the buying and Jelling of Hops, and for the

better Collection of the Duty on Hops; and to pi event

Frauds and Abuses in the Trade of Flops. 409

82. An Act for suspending, until the twentieth Day of August

one thousand eight hundred, the Duties on Fore gn Hops

imported, and lor granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

411

83. An Act for permitting French Wines to be imported

into this Kingdom from the Ides of Guemfy, Je fy, or

Alderney, in Bottles or Fiafks. Ibid.

84. An Act to render valid Indentures of Apprenticeship of

Poor Children and others, made upon improper Stamps,

upon certain Conditions, and to indemnify all Persons who

may have incurred Penalties thereby; and for allowing

attested Copies of Indentures, Leases, or Deeds to be

stamped after the ingrossing, writing, or printing thereof. 412

85. An Act to continue, until the fifth Day of April one

thousand eight hundred and one, and amend, an Act of the

Jaft Session of Parliament, for continuing several Acts for

the Encouragement of the British Fisheries. Ibid.

86. An Act for the better Preservation of Timber in the Art7L

Fore/L in the County of Southampton; and for ascertain-

ing the Boundaries of the said Forelt, and of the Lands of

the Crown within the same. 413

87. An Act for the moreeffcftuarPreventionof Depredations

on the River Thames, and in its Vicinity; and to amend

an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his pre-

sent Majesty, to prevent the committing of Thefts and

Frauds by Persons navigating Bum Boats, and other

Boats upon the River Thames. Png* 420

88. An Act concerning the Disposition of certain Real and

Personal Property of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succef-

fors; and«a!io of the Real and Personal Property of her

Majesty, and of the Queen Consort for the Time being, *'

■ ‘ ' 427

89. An Act for the better preventing the Embezzlement of

his Majesty’s Naval Ordnance, and Victualling Stores.

431

90. An Act for settling Disputes that may arise between

Mailers and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufac-

ture in that Part of Great Britain called England. 440,

91. An Act to prohibit, until the fifteenth Day of October

one thousand eight hundred, the Exportation of Rice. 443

92 An Act for establishing certain Regulations in the Of-

fices of the House of Commons- 444

93 An Act for regulating Trials for HighTreason and

Mifpriiion of High Treason, in certain Cafes. 446*

94. An Act for the safe Custody of Insane PersonS charged

with Offences. " ' Ibid.

95. An Act to indemnify all Persons who have printed, pub-

liftied, or dispersed, or who shall publish or disperse, any

Papers printed under the Authority of the Commissioners

or Head Officers of any Publick Boards, from all Penal-

ties incurred by reason of the Name and Place of Abode of

the Printer of such Papers not being printed thereon. 447“

96. An Act for explaining and amending so much of an Act,

passed in the present Session of Par iament, relating to the

Duties of Income, as respects the Delivery of the State-*

ments to the Commercial Commissioners of London Y

under the Amount of twenty Pounds. 448

97. An Act to incorporate certain Persons by the Name of

The London Company J'or the Manufacture of Floury Meal,

and Bread, for a limited Time. Ibid.'

98. An Act to restrai,o all Trusts and Directions in Deeds or

Wills, whereby the Profits or Produce of Real or Personal

Estateshall be accumulated, and the beneficial Enjoyment

thereof postponed beyond the Time therein limited- 45 r;

99 An Act for better regulating the Business of Pawn-

brokers. Ibid.

100. An Act to authorize his Majesty to grant Commissions-/

to Natives of the Seven United Provinces, or of the Here-

ditary States of the Prince of Orange, to serve on board

certain Dutch Ships of War, surrendcred to his Majesty’s

Fleet, and in Re giments in the Pay of his Majesty; and to

enable any such Natives to enlist as Soldiers in such Regi-

ments, under certain Restrictions. 461^

101. An Act to give further Time for the Payment, on the

Conditions therein mentioned, of Instalments on certain

Loans advanced to the House of A ex ander Houftoun and

Company, to Charles Ashwell tfquire, and to William

,fohnftone Esquire, being Persons conncfted with and tratU

ing to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent. 463^

102. An Act for raising the Sum of three millions five hun-

dred thousand Pounds by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for

the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred. 464

103. An Act forraifing the Sum of three Millions, by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thou-

sand eight hundred. Ibid.

toa. An Act for raising the further Sum of three Millions by

Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year

one thousand eight hundred. Ibid. -

105. An Act for the better regulating the Practice, and for

preventing Delays in the Proceedings of the Court of

Common Pleas at Lancaster. Ibid.

ifc6. Aiv>

