A.D. 1799. Anno triceilmo nono Georgii III. C. 21. 65

CAP. XXI.

An Act to amend and render more effectual two Acts, passed in the thirty-eighth Year

of His present Majesty’s Reign and the present Seflian of Parliament, for the Redemp-

tibn and Purchase of the Land Tax. [21ft March 1799.]

* WHEREAS it is expedient to make Provision for facilitating the Redemption of the Land Tax

* VV by Bishops, and other Ecclesiastical Persons, and by all Corporations; and also to explain and

4 amend two Acts, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign and the present Session of

* Parliament for the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax Be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this pre&nt Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That so much and such of the

Provisions of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making perpetual\ subject 38 Ceo. 3;

to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein Jlated\ the several Sums of Money now charged in Great c. 60.

Britain as a Land Tax for one Tear, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand/even hundred and

ninety-eight; and of another Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enlarge 39 Geo. j,

the Time limited for the Redemption of the Land Tax, and to explain and amend an Act, made in the c. 6.

loft Session of Parliament, intituled, 4An At1 for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase

4 in the Manner therein jiated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land s© nwch of the

f Tax for one Tear, from the twenty fifth Day of March one thousand /even hundred and ninety-eight,' as said Acts.as

require that the Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, for carrying the said Acts into Execution, tT15

ihouid consent to and approve of the Sale of any Manors, Mefliiages, Lands, Tenements, and Heredi- of

laments, in England, thereby respectively authorized to be sold for the Redemption of Land Tax, and rmners to the

also,that such Sales shall be by publick Auction before the said Commissioners, or by private Contraft, ac- Sale of Land*

cording to an Estimate made and verified upon Oath, and also such Provisions as require that a Schedule for redeeming

ihouid be produced, and one Month’s Notice in Writing given to the said Commissioners previously to any Hn<*

such Sale, and also all such other Provisions as require the Sanction, Direction, Authority, or Concur- £.60. i *9,to.

rence of the said Commissioners, to any Sale to be made by virtue of the said Acts, so far as such reftriftive 29,30. 38.

Provisions, or any of them, relate to any Manors, Mefliiages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in and39Gco. 3.

Englafid, belonging to any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, in the said Acts mentioned, which c* 6. \ 15. 3f.

now are or hereafter shall be in their own Occupation, or let to Tenants at Will, or from Year to Year, or \

for any Term of Years, or which shall be leased upon or be subject to any Deinife for Years absolute, or elates*©*

for Years determinable on Lives, for which a Fine or Premium was or shall be paid, or for Lives, where &aii4f of Bodici

a Rent was or shall be reserved, or a Fine or Premium paid, shall, from and immediately after the passing Politick or

cf this Act, be, and the fame are kereby repealed. # Corporate.

II. And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from Seven Com-

Time to Time, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to nominate and appoint seven (be-

Persons (being respectively Members of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council) to be Commis- PrivyCoun-

ftoners for the Purposes of regulating, directing, approving, and confirming all such Sales, and Contrafts cil) maybe

for Sale, which shall be made by such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, for the Purpose of re- appointed, by

deeming any Land Tax charged on all or any of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Heredi- the King, for

taments, belonging to such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, whether in their own Occupar

tion, or let or demised as aforesaid ; and that any two or more of such Persons may do any Act, Matter, ^ration*,

or Thing, which by this Act the said Persons are authorized to do. Two to be suffi cient to any

HI. And be it further enacted. That every Commissioner specially to be appointed for the Purposes of

this Act, before he shall enter upon the Execution of his Office, shall take an Oath to the EfFeft following j

(that is to say,)

4 t A- B. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the best of my Skill and Tiiclr Oath.

* 1 Judgement, execute the several Powers and Trusts reposed in me by an Act of the thirty-ninth Year

4 of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act [Here iffert the Title <§tlbis

4 Act], according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Act.

4 So help me GOD.’

Which Oath shall and may be administered by any one of the Persons named to be a Commissioner to any

other or others of them.

IV. And be it further enacted. That all Sales which shall be made from and after the passing of this An such Sales

Act, by any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies aforesaid, for the Purpose of redeeming the by Corporations

Land Tax charged upon any Manors, Mefliiages. Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments* belonging to he made

them, whether in Possession, or let or leased, upon or subject to any such Demise as aforesaid, shall be 1he"

made by and under the Direction and Authority of the Commissioners to be appointed for the Purpose of commissioners

executing this Act; and such Sales shall. When approved and confirmed by the said Commissioners, or fa the Purposes

any two or more of them, be as valid and effectual, in all Respects, as if the fame had been made and ex- of this At*, of

rciited in the Manner, and under and according to the several Restrictions and Regulations mentioned in t'*° at

the said recited Acts: Provided always, That no such Sale shall be valid and effectual unless two at Icaft |^rtiesnlothe

of the said Commissioners, to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, shall certify their Consent thereto Sale.

ard Approbation thereof, by signing and fealine the fame as Parties thereto.

39 Geo. ill. K V. Pro-

