39

Faffure; within the Parish fof Snetti/ham, in the County of

Norfolk*

k>. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

2nd Common Arable Meadow, Ley Pasture, and Waite

Lands, within the Parish of Wendlebury, iirthe County of

Oxford.

n. An Act for separating the Commons or Waste Grounds

of the Manor of East Horseley, in the County of

which lie in the several Psrifhe* of East Hof ley and Ock~

bam% within the said Manor, and for settling the Rights of

Common thereon.

12. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Common Padures, Common Mea-

dows, and other Commonable Lands, lying within the Pa-

rish of Bhxham, in the County of Oxford*

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields

and Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Parish of

Martin with Grafton in the County of lord.

14. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-

mons and Waste Lands within tue Parish of Burltjcombe, in

the County of Devon*

15. An Act fur dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several

Parcels of Common, Moor, and Waste Grounds, within

the Manor of Skelmanthorpe, in the Weft Riding of the

County of York*

16. An Act for dividing, allotting, regulating, and inclosing,

the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and

Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Nor wanton upon

Trent, in the County of Nottingham.

lj- An Act for vesting in Heritage Leggs and William Sheldon

. Esquires, divers F reehold Lands and Hereditaments, in the

Partih of Saint Alary Magdalen Bermondsey, in the County

of Surrey, kite the Estate of Sarah Weft Widow, and con-

veyed by her to Joseph Martin Esquire, and Beriah Hills

Gentleman, by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing

Date respectively the twentieth and twenty-first Days of

March one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, upon

several Trusts, and for enabling the said Hencage Legge

and William Sheldon, to execute fu£h of the fame Trulls as

are now fubfi fling.

iS. An Act for uniting the North Mediety of the Rectory of

Leverton, in the County of Lincoln, with the South Me-

diety of the fame Rectory, from and after the next Avoid-

ance of either Benefice,

rp. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and laying in

Severalty* the Common and Open Fields, Common Mea-

dows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste

Grounds, within the Paiifh of Milton, in the County of

Cambridge*

20. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-

mon or Waste Ground called Afnby JVoulds, in the Ma-

nor and Parish of Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of

Lciccfer*

21. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain

Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parishes of Stoke-upon-

T*rn, and Hin flacky in the County of Salop*

12. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Open Common Field, or Mesne Inclosure, Commons,

Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Denby,

o:heiwife Denby with Clayton llbjl, in the Weft Riding of

the County , of York*

23. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-

mon and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Land and

Wiile Grounds, within the Parish of Owrand Nether

Dean, in the County of Bedford.

24. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

^nd Common Fields, Common Failures, And Common

40 geo. nr. xxix

Meadows, within such Part of the Parish of Welfordas is-

within the County of Gkucrjler.

25. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a Common*

called 'Tanfield Moor, in the Parish of Chester-le- Street^ in

the County of Durham.

26. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

and Common KielJs, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and

. Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Famn/h, in the Counties*

of Bedford ancf Northampton, or one of them.

27. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands,

and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ryhall with

Belmcjlhirpe, otherwise Belminjlhorpe, in the County oft

Rutland.

28. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole'

Year Lands, Open Fields, Commons, Commonable?

Wood Grounds, and other Commonable and Waste

Lands, within the Parish of Ovington, in the County of.

Norfolk.

29. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and*

Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Barnack with Pitf—

gate,\n the County of Northampton*

30. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open*

Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the

Townships of Tholthorpe and Flawith, in the Parish oft

Alne, in the North Riding of the County of York*

31. An Act to dissolve the iVIarriage of Edward Henry Co-

lumbine Esquire, with Anna Maria Starr, his now Wife,.,

and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes-

therein mentioned.

32. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in-Severalty*

the Open and Common Lands and Grounds, within the

Parish of Shalbourn, in the Counties of Wilts and Berks*

33. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-

mons and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of East Poring-

land, West Poring and, Framingham Earl, Framingham*

Pigot, Bixlcy, Armeringhall, Stoke Holy Cross, and Caifler

Saint Edmund, in the County of Norfolk-, and for making;

a Compensation for the Tythes arising in the said Parishes*

of East Poring land, Framingham Earl, and Bixlcy*.

34. An Act fur dividing, alloting, and inclosing, the 0(>eri>

Fields, Meadows, Failures, Moors, Carrs, and other-

Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish.

of Wrawby-cum Brigg, in the County of Lincoln.

35 An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Ferv

Grounds, and Waste Lands, within the Parish-of Brooke,.

in the County of Norfolk*

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com»

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands*

and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Newton Brom~

/hold, in the County of Northampton, and also such of the*

Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the?

Parish of Higham Ferrers, in the said County of North-

a nipt on, as are called or known by the Names of The Buf-

cotts and No Alan's Leys*

37. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

and Common F it las. Meadows, Failures, and Waste

Grounds, in the Lordship of Bar he bn, in the County, of

Lincoln.

38. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving the feve-

ral Open Arable Fields, Ings, Failures, Commons, and-

Waste Grounds, within the Townihipot Wornsr/Uy, in the:

Weft Riding of the County of York.

39. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain?

Open and Commofi b le'ids and Waste Land*, within the.*

Parish of Saint John Hertford\ and the Liberty of Bricken-

