496

Person* setting

Fire to the

Works or Vef-

fds in the Ba-

ion*, guilty of

Felony, without

Benefit of

Clergy.

Damaging the

Ume punishatde

by Fine, Impri-

fonment, or

Transportation.

Compensation

to be nude to

the Owners, Sec.

of, and Batons

employed on

any Quay5 or

Whirls, or other

Tenements,

Which may be

renderedlefs va-

luable, by reason

of the intended

Works, and to

the Governors

or* Ch'fl's Hof-

pital (if ncc.f-

fary) on account

ot Car-roons.

C. xlvii. Anno 39® & 40® Georgii III. A. D. 1800.

Basons, Cuts, or unto any of the Bridges, Locks, Dams, Engines, or other Works, in, upon, or belonging

to the said Docks, Cuts, and Basons, or any of them, or any of the Trenches, Aqueducts, Sluices, and

Passages to be made as aforesaid, or by loading or unloading any Ship, Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other

Vessel, or for any TVefpafs or Damage that shall or may be done to the Owners or Occupiers of any Build-

ings, Erections, Mills, Dams, Gauges, Weirs, Lands, or Tenements adjoining or lying near the fame,

or any of them, by leaving open Gates or otherwise, or for any other Trefpufs whatsoever; and the said

M after or Owner of any such Ship, Boat, Lighter, Barge, or other Vessel, maybe sued and prosecuted for

the fame in any Court of Record, and if a Verdict or Judgment shall be given against him, cither on Proof

made, or by Default, or upon Demurrer, the Plaintiff in any such Cafe shall recover his Damages thereby

sustained, with full Cods of Suit; and in Cafe the Matter or Owner of any such Ship, Boat, Lighter, or other

Vessel as aforesaid, shall be compelled to pay any Penalty, or to make Satisfaction for any Damage or

Trespafs, by reason of any wilful Act or Default done or committed by his Servant or Servants, every such

Servant or Servants shall be ’liable to pay such Penalty, or the Money paid for any such Damage or Tref-

p’afs, to such Matter or Owner; and in case of Non-payment thereof on Demana, the fame shall be reco-

vered by such Matter or Owner in like Manner as any Penalty is herein-after directed to be recovered.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall wilfully and maliciously

set on fire any of the Works made or to be made by virtue of this Act, or any of the Materials intended for

any of the said Works, or any Shiporother Vessel lying or being in the Docks, Cuts, Bason or Basons, or

any of them, every such Person or Persons so offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, shall be adjudged guilty

of Felony without Benefit of Clergy,* and every such Felon shall be subject and liable to the like Pains

and Penalties as in Cafes of Felony without Benefit of Clergy ; and if any Person or Persons shall knowingly,

wilfully, or maliciously demolish, break down, cut, or destroy, any of the Works to be made by virtue of

this A&, or any Ship or Vessel lying in the said Docks, Cuts, Balon or Basons, then every such Offender

or Offenders, being convicted thereof, shall suffer Punishment, by Fine, Imprisonment, or Transportation,

at the Discretion of the Judge or Judges before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried and

convicted.

44 Company may purchase Lands on the North Side of Ratclffe Highway for the Roads. § 96. Power to

44 lay Materials forbuilding on the adjoining Premises, satisfying the Owners. § 97. Empowered to make

44 Bricks for their Works. § 98. To grant Licences for Building on Parts of the Streets, &c. § 99. Mo-

44 nies arising by Leases, Sales, or Licences, to be appropriated to the Purposes of this Act. § 100. Com-

u pensation to be made for the Tythes of the Lands, Ufc. to be taken for the Purposes of this Act. § ion

44 [at under $ 113 of 39 Geo. III. c. lxixj The Average Price of Wheat may be ascertained at the End

44 of every Fourteen Years for the Purpose of making such Compensations. § 102. $ 114 Geo* III*

44 c. Ixix.] Such Compensations for Tythes may be recovered as Rents. § 103. For making Compensati-

44 tions to the Ministers of the respective Parishes for Loss of Surplice Fees. § 104. Compensation to be

44 made for Tythes of Premises on the South Side of Ratcliffe Highway. § 105. Compensation to be made

44 by the Company for Deficiencies of Assessments for Land Tax; and paving, cleansing, lighting, watch-

44 ing, and Poor’s Rates, § 106. For Satisfaction for Pavement ip Saint Paul's Shadwell, and Saint

44 George's Parishes. § 107. Compensatious to be made for Deficiencies of Sewer Rates. § 108.”

CIX. 4 And whereas, by reason or in consequence of certain Parts of the Works, Improvements, and

4 Regulations, intended by this Act, some of the present legal Quays, and of the other Quays or Wharfs

4 commonly called Publick Foreign Sufferance IVharfsy and certain Warehouses, Docks, and divers other

4 Tenements and Hereditaments, now in or adjoining the said Port, some of which Warehouses are known

4 by the Name of Up-Town IVarchouses, and used for the Reception of IVe/t fndia Produce and other Goods

4 landed, and the Lighters and Craft usually employed in the Bufmefsof the said Quays and Wharfs, may be-

4 come less valuable, by Means of the Trade or Business of the fame respectively being in Part diverted,

4 than the fame respectively are at present, and divers Owners and Occupiers of, and other Persons interested

* in or employed upon the Business of such legal Quays and Sufferance Wharfs, Warehouses, Docks, and

4 other Tenements and Hereditaments, and Owners of Lighters and Craft, may thereby futtain Loss or

4 Damage ; and the Yearly and other Receipts of the Governors of Chri/Vs Hospital, in the City of London,

4 for or on Account of Car-roons or Figures for using Free Carts within the said City and the Liberties

4 thereof, may also thereby happen to be lessened be it therefore further enacted, That in case such legal

Quays and Sufferance Wharfs, Warehouses, Docks, and other Tenements and Hereditaments, Lighters,

and Craft employed as aforesaid, or any of them, shall by Reason of the said intended W orks, or of any of

them, be rendered less valuable by Reason or Means of the Trade thereof being diverted therefrom, thao they

respectively were before the patting of this Act, or any Owners or Occupiers of the fame Legal Q^avsand

Sufferance Wharfs, Warehoules, Docks, and other Tenements and Hereditaments, or any Tackle House

Ported. Ticket Porters, Owners of Lighters and Craft, or Free Carmen of the City of London, or other

Person or Persons inrerefted in or employed upon the Business thereof respectively, shall by reason of any of

the fame Works suffer Loss or Damage, or the yearly or other Receipts or Income of the Governors

of Chri;l's Hospital aforesaid, or of their Successors, for or on Account of Car-roons, shall by Reason ofany

of the fame Works happen to be lessened or diminiftied, the Commissioners to be appointed as herein-after

mentioned for managing the Business of the Compensations authorized and required to be made by them, do

and shall make ur cause to be made such just and liberal Compensation or Satisfaction, by Purchase or by

Employment or otherwise, to the Owners and Occupiers of, and the Tackle House Porters, Ticket Porters,

Owners of Lighters and Craft, Free Carmen, and other Persons interested in or employed upon the Business

vf the (kid legal Quays and Sufferance Wharfs, Warehouses, Docks, and ocher Tenements and Hercdiia-

1 ments

