the Company's

Forces, who

shall take the

following

Oath:

A. 0.1799. Anno tricesimonono Georgii III. C. 109. 209

* an A& of Parliament made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. An xiGco 3. c.6$.

4 Ail for eft a bli/hing an Agreement with the United Company of Merchants t?/* England trading to the East:

4 Indies, for the Payment of the Sum offour hundred thousand Pounds, for the Use of the Publick^ in full Dif

4 charge and Satisfaction of all Claims and Demands of the Publick, from the Time the Bond Debt of the said

€ Company ivas reduced to one million five hundred the ufa rid Pounds, until the first Day of March one thousand

4 seven hundred and eighty-one^ in reject of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East

4 Indies ; and also for ft curing to the Publick in respetl thereof for a Term therein mention ed, a certain Part or

4 Proportion of the clear Revenues and Profits of the said Company ; and for granting to the said Company, for

4 a further Term, thefoie and exclusive Trade to and from the East Indies, and Limits therein mentioned ; end

4 for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the said Company, as well in India

4 as in Europe, and the recruitingthe Military Forces of the said Company; certain Regulations are establdhed

4 for the said Company’s railing Recruits in Great Britain, but no Provision is made, by virtue of which such

4 Recruits can be trained, arrayed, exercised,or disciplined, during their Abode in this Kingdom,or whereby

4 they can be subje&ed to Military Law previous to their Embarkation for, and during their Pafiage to the

4 Places where the said United Company are entitled to maintain and keep such Militia Eorcy: And whereas

4 it is expedient that his Majesty’s Officers should be authorized in certain Cafes toenlift Recruits for Ser-

* vice, either in his Majesty’s Troops or in the Forces of the said United Company, as his Majesty shill

4 think fit to direct; and that all Recruits so raised and transferred over to, or entitled by Officers in the

4 Service of the said United Company, {hould be trained, arrayed, exercised, and disciplined in the Ule of

4 Arms, previous to their Departure for Places Abroad ; and that they should be subjedied to Military Law

4 during their Abode in this Kingdom, and during their Passage to, and before their Arrival at such Places :

4 May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

Drefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authoi ity of the fame, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his HisMaprtymay

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to order and cause such of his Officers as he shall fee fit, to levy, enlist, officer* t«

Jjnd raifefuch Number of Men as from Time to Time his Majesty {hall think fit, for the special Purpose of j.ev* Mtnt 10

erving in the East Indies, either in his Majesty’s Troops, or in the Forces of the said United Company ; i^d-es^iTsMa-

drid that the Recruits to be raised for such special Purpose, instead of taking the Oath of Fidelity appointed Ay'sTroops or

to be taken by the Rules and Articles for the better Government of all his Majesty’s Forces, shall take the

following Oath; (that is to say,)

* t At B. being enlisted to serve either in his Majesty’s Troops or in the Forces of the East Company,

4 * according as his Majesty {hall think fit, do swear, That 1 will bear true Allegiance to our Sovereign

4 Lord King George, and that I will, as in my Duty bound, defend him in his Person, Crown, and Dig-

4 nity, against all his Enemies; and that so long as 1 shall remain in his Majesty’s Service, I will duly ob-

4 serve and obey his Majesty’s Orders, and the Orders of the Generals and Officers set over me by his Ma-

4 jesty ; and that if his Majesty shall please to apppint me to serve in the Forces of the United Company of

4 Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, then I swear that 1 will also be true to the said United

4 Company, and will duly observe and obey all their Orders, and the Orders of their Generals and Officers,

4 who shall be lawfully set over me.*

II. And be it further enacted, That on such Recruits being earried before a Justice of the Peace, in pur- which justice^

fn a nee of an Aift, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and arc to admim. ‘

Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters^ or in pursuance of any Act hereafter to Atrinstead of

be passed for the fame Purposes, such Justice shall tender and administer such Oath as is herein-before men-

tioned, instead of the Oath prescribed by the said Articles of War; and the fame (if taken by such

Recruits) shall be so expressed in the Certificate to be given by such Justice* in the Form required by the

said Act.

III. An<3 be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-

ceflors, upon the Petition of the Court of Directors of the said United Company, tocauie so many Recruits or

Soldiers, who shall have been raised by his Majesty’s Officers for the special Purpose herein-before mentioned,

as the said Court of Directors shall petition for, and as his Majesty, his Heirs or Sticceffiors, shall fee fit to

grant, to be transferred over to the Service of the said United Company, which Transfer shall be made by such

Recruits or Soldiers being delivered over by such Officer in his Majesty’s Service, who shall have the Com-

mand of them, at such Place as his Majesty shall think proper to appoint, to such Per fin or Persons as the said

Court of Directors shall appoint to receive them.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said United Company shall not be obliged to

receive into their Service any Recruit or Soldier who shall be an invalid, or who shall have any bodily

Infirmity.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said United Company shall pay unto such Person or Per-

fons, for the Use of his Majesty, as shall be appointed for that Purpose in Writing by the Commissioners of

his Majesty’s Treasury, or any three or more of them, or by the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being,

such Sum and Sums of Money as from Time to Tima (lull be agreed upon between one of his Majesty’s

principal Secretaries of State on Behalf of his Majesty, and the said Court of Directors, to re-imburse the Ex-

pence of raising such Recruits and Soldiers as shall be transferred into the Service of the said United Company

in Manner herein before mentioned; and that, over and above such Sum, the said United Company shall in

like Manner pay to such Person or Perfor.s as aforesaid, the Costs of the Subfitlence of ea«ch Recruit, from the

Time tJ his Enlistment to the Time of his being delivered over to the said United Company, as herein-before

mentioned.

39 Geo. III. Ec . VI. And

the Oath pre-

feribed by the

Ariiclts of

War.

His Majesty on

Petition of the

Court of Di-

rectors may

cause Recruifc

to he transferred

to the Service of

the Company.

Company nec

obliged to re-

ceive Invalids

Company shall

pzy lu Ji Sum as

fh .ll be agreed

upon for such

Recruits, and

their SuMifiUn:C

from Lnl.ft*

