4*3

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 85, 86.

amend an Art made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his pr>sent Majesty, for extendin'? the1 Fisheries,

and improving the Sea Coajfts of this Kingdom, will expire at the End of the pieient Session of Parliament:

4 And wheteas it is expedient that the said Act should be further continued f be it therefore enacteJ by the

King’s most Excellent Mdjtfty,by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempo-

ral, and Commons, in this prdent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the

said Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, and all the Powers and Provisions therein contained, shall

continue and be in force until the fifth Day of April owe thousand eight hundred and one.

II. And whereas by an Act, passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti-

tuled, An Act to continue and amend an Art, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

4 jtfljj intituled, 44 An Act for the more cjfertual Encouragement of the British Fisheries,” an additional Bounty

4 of one blidling per Barrel was directed to be paid for all Herrings which should be landed from any Boat

4 or Vefiel not entitled to the Bounty of twenty Shillings per 'Ton, but entitled to the Bounty of one Shilling

4 per Barrel, granted by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

4 An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of British Fisheries r And wherea9 Doubts have arisen

4 whether Fishers and Curers of FiPn, residing in the* ljle of Man, are entitled to the Benefits of the fdid ad-

4 ditional BountyJ be it hereby enacted, That^from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Con-

tinuance thereof, the said Fiflbersand Curers of Kifh, residing in the said Island, shall have and receive the

laid last mentioned additional Bounty for all Herrings landed in the said Island, in like* Manner as Fish

Curers residing in Great Britain are entitled to receive such Bounty for Herrings landed in Great Britain:

Provided always. That in every such Cafe the said additional Bounty shall be payable and paid out of the

Surplusage of the annual Customs of the said Island, in such Manner as is prescribed and directed by the said

Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and not otherways.

CAP. lxxxvi:

Recited Act

shall continue,

in force till

April 5, 180 r.

The Fishers and’

Curetsof Fish«

in the Isle of

Man shall be

entitled to the-

additional

Bounty of is.

granted by 35.

Geo. 3 c. 56.

a 3 ] for every

Barrel of Her-

rings landed m

that Kland, to

be paid out of

the Surplusage

of the Customs

there, in Man-

ner directed by

a6Gco. 3. c. 81*

[§ 33. &c.]

An Act for the better Preservation of Timber in the New For eft, in the County of South-

ampton 5 and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the

Crown within the feme. [28th July 18oc.}

1¥HEREAS by an Act, made in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King

William the Third, intituled, An Artfor the increqfe and Preservation of Timber in the New Forest,

in the County ^Southampton, divets Provisions and Regulations were made for preserving and increasing the

4 Growth of Timber in the said Forest; but notwithstanding the said Act, the Timber and Woods in the said

4 Forest have not been properly preserved, and many Trespasses are frequently committed therein; and it is

4 expedient that feme further Provisions and Regulations should.be made for preventing the fame, and for.pre-

4 serving the Growth of the Timber and Woods in the said Forest: And whereas the Boundaries of the said

4 Forest, and of the Lands of his Majesty’s Subjects within the same, are in some Parts disputed, and in

4 other Parts are not clearly ascertakied and distinguished, and several Purpreftures, Encroachments, and

4 Trespasses have been made on the Soil of his Majesty within the Boundaries of the said Forest / for Re-

medy thereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the*Advice and Consent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-

thority of the fame. That it shall be lawful for his Majesty to ifllie or cause to be issued, one or more

Commission or Commissions under the Great Seal of Great Britain, and thereby to appoint Nathaniel

Bond Esquire, one of his Majesty’s Council leirned in the Law, John Lens Esquire, Serjeant at Law, and

James Burrough Esquire, Barrister at Law, to be Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, and to au-

thorise and empower the said Commissioners so to be appointed, or any two or them, to ascertain and distin-

guish the Boundaries of the said Forest called the New Forest, and of the Lands of his Majesty's Subjects

within ihe fame, and to esquire of Purpreftures, Encroachments, and Trespasses on the Soil of his Majesty

within the Boundaries of the said Forest; and the said Commissioners, or any two of them, shall and may,

and they are hereby authorized and empowered to meet at such Time, and at such Place within the said

County of Southampton, as they or any two of them shall appoint, and then and there to proceed in a sum-

mary way, and by the Testimony of Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath any one of the said Commissioners

is hereby empowered to administer,) and by the Inspection and Examination of Records, Deeds, and

Writings, or by any other legal Proof or Evidence, to esquire of and ascertain the Boundaries of the said

Forest, and of the Lands and Grounds belonging to his Majesty within the same, and the Boundaries be-

tween Lands belonging to his Majesty and Lands of any of his Majesty’s Subjects, and in like Manner to

esquire of and examine all Claims or Titles that shall or may be made to any Lands, Tenements, qr Here-

ditaments which shall be claimed on Behalf of his Majesty as Purpreftures, Encroachments, or TrefjMes in

or imonthe Soil of his Majesty within the said Forest.

II. And be it further enafteo, That if the said Commissioners, in ascertaining and settling the Matters

aforesaid, shall find any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Boundary, to be in Dispute between

his Majesty and any other Person or Persons, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to receive Pro-

pofols, from the Person and Persons claiming against his Majesty, for compromising such Dispute; and if the

said Commissioners shall approve of the Compromise proposed, and the Value of so much of the Matter in

Pifpute, as shall not be proposed by such Compromise to be yielded to his Majesty, shall not in the Judg-

ment the said Commissioners execed the Sum of one thousand Pounds, it shall be lawful for the said Com-

missioners,

9 and 10 Gul.3.

c. 36. recited.

His Majesty

may appoint

Commissioners

to ascertain and

distinguish the

Boundaries of

the New Fortft,

and of the

Landsof his

Majesty and hit

Subjects within

the fame, andco

esquire of PtH>

on-fturcs, &u

The Commis-

floners may

compromise

Disputes where

the Value of so

much of the

Matter in Dif-

pute, as fl.ail

not be pioj'ofcd-

