494

For regulating

the Moorings of

Ships qnd

Veffds.

Jdghters and

Craft to be un-

der Regulation

,of Dock Mailers.

For keeping the

Entrance to the

Docks clear*

CombuftiSle

Matter to be re-

moved within

twelve Hours:

In case it can-

ned be removed

within that

Time, the Pro-

prietors thereof

<o maintain

Watchmen.

Penalty of »ol.

To prevent

Nuisances in the

Fafon and

Docks, &c.

l imber not to

remain in the

Dock more than

forty-eight

Hour*.

C. xlvii. Anno 390 & 40° Georgii IIL A.D. 1800.

LXXfX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That as soon as the {aid intended Dock or Docks are so

far^ompleted as to admit Ships, Vessels, or Craft to enter therein, no Ship or other Vessel or Vessels shall

lie within the Distance of U'O hundred Yards of the Entrances of the said Dock, unless it is for the Purpose

of coming in or going out of the Dock, so that at all Times the Entrance may be kept clear and without Ob-

strublion; and over this Space the Dock Master shall have Controul so far as relates to the placing ortranf-

porting Ships and Vessels coming in or going out of the Dock 5 any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary

notwithstanding.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That all Lighters, Craft, and Boats entering into or going out of the

intended Lighter Docjc, out of or into the River Thames at the Hermitage Docky or imothe Wet Docks,

Basons, or Cuts, or any of them, shall be under the Command and Contn ul of the said Dock Master or

Dock Matters, and his or their Attiftan't or Assistants, as to the Time or Times of going in or out of the

said Docks* Basons, and Cuts, or any of them, and as to their Postion within the lame, under the Penalty of

forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of twenty Shillings, or of any Sum, at the Discretion of the fai«i

Directors, not exceeding the Sum of twenty Shillings.

LXXXI. c And for the better making and preserving a free and clear Passage and Entrance from the River

Thames into and out of the said Docks, for all Ships, Vessels, Lighters, Barges, Craft, and Boats of every

‘ Description,’ be it further enacted, That no Ship, Vellel, Lighter, Barge, Craft, or Boat, of arty Descrip.

tion whatsoever, shall lie across in, or in any Way obstruct any of the Entrances or Pallages into or from

any of the said Docks, Basons, or Cuts, or shall lie at the Tier commonly called or known by the Name of

Hermitage Tier% except only such Ships, Vessels, Lighters, Barges, Craft, and Boats, of whatever Defec-

tion, as shall have come out of, or are intended to go into the said Dock*, under the Penalty/>f five Pounds,

for every such Offence.

#c Vessels not to land Goods in the Docks, at other Places than Quays and Landing Places, on Penalty

*4 of 1001. [as under $ 98 of Geo. 111. c. lxix.j § 82.”

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Tar, Pitch, Rosin, Hemp, Flax, Faggots, Furze, Brandy,

or other Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Oil, Hay, Straw, Tallow Grease, Shavings of Wood, or com-

buftible Matter whatsoever of any Kind, shall be (uttered to be or remain on the Quays or Wharfs aforesaid,

or any Part thereof, or upon the Deck Qf any Ship or other Vessel in the said Basons or Docks, Cuts cr

other Works, or any of them, above the Space of Twelve Hours after patting the Custom House Officers;

and that in case such Goods, Matters, or Things cannot be conveniently removed therefrom by Day-light,

that then and in every such Cafe the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Matters, or Things rdpeblively, if

on the Quays and Wharfs, or the Commander, Master, or Mate on board any Ship or Vessel, shall be

obliged, and are hereby required to set and maintain, at their own Expence, a sufficient Number of careful

and sober Persons to guard and watch over the fame, for such and so many Hours, according to the Season

of the Year, as the said Dock Master or Dock Matters, or his or their Assistants, shall direbt or appoint;

and in case the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Matters, or other Things^ or the Commander, Master,

or Mate of any Ship or other, Vessel, shall make Default herein, by neglecting the fame, then and in that

Cafe the said Dock Matter or Dock Matters, or his or their Assistants, shall set and appoint such sufficient Num-

ber of careful Persons as may be requisite to watch and guard over the fame, at the Expence of the said Owner

or Owners of such Goods, or Ship or Ships, and every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every

such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds, exclusive or the full Charges of watching and attending

the fame.

“ Directors empowered to scour the Basons, &c. remove Wrecks, &V. §84.”

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall throw, cast, or put

any Ballast, Earth, Dust, Ashes, Stones, or other Things, i nto or upon any of the Works to be made in pur-

fuance of this Act, to the Prejudice thereof, or do any other Annoyance to the fame, or any Part thereof, and

Complaint being made thereof upon Oath, by any of the said Directors, or their Clerk or other Officer, or

any other Person, the fame shall be examined into and determined by two or more of his Majesty’s Justices

of the Peace for the County of MiddleJ'ex; and they are hereby authorised Jo impose upon the Offender or

Offenders (other than and except as is next herein-afeer mentioned) such Fine or Fines, not exceeding five

Pounds for each Offence, as they the said Justices shall think reasonable; and in case any Owner or Owners,

Master or Commander, Seaman or Servant, of or belonging to any Ship or other Vessel, shall be guilty of

any of the said Offences, upon Proof thereof, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or WitndJes be-

fore any of the said Justices, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for 'each Offence, forfeit to the said

Company the Sum of five Pounds; and in case of Non-payment of such la.ft mentioned Forfeiture for the

Space of three Days after the fame shall be demanded, it shall be lawful for such Justices by Warrant under

their Hands and Seals, to levy the same, together with the Costs and Charges incident thereto, by Distress

and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Owner, Master, or Commander, Seaman or Servant, or

other Person or Persons so offending, or of the Tackle, Apparel, or Furniture of or belonging to such Ship or

Vessel, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Person whose Goods or other Things shall be fodistrained;

and iffufRcient Distress cannot be found, then it shall be lawful for such Justices, by Warrant under their

Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, there to be kept to

hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Calendar Month, unless foonet discharged.

LXXX V1. And be it further enacted, That no Wood or Timber which (halt be delivered in any of the

Works to be made by virtue of this Abt, shall be permitted to be or remain therein for a longer Time than

forty-eight Hours after the Delivery thereof, and in case the same shall not be removed before the Expiration

10 w

