^52

Roads which

shall hclor5 to

the Works may

K ufeed by the

PuM.ck.and the

!Navigatior of

the Canal :o be

free, fu^jid to

Regulations of

Common Coun-

cil under this

Act.

72,000!. may

be advanced out

of the Consoli-

dated Fund lor

providing

Monty to be

applied by the

Common Coun-

cil in paying

Half the Ex-

pences of this

Aa,(7ce§ 160.)

and then in pur.

chafing Land,

and in making,

maintaining,

and managing,

the Canal for

three Years,

and in paying

during that

Term such

Compensations

as are to he paid

by the Corpora-

tion of London.

And also such

Sums as may

be needful kr

General Com-

penfations, in-

cluding those of

the Crown, and

Lord Gwydir,

in respect of

MooringChains.

The Torn.* pc

L utiei payai le

to his M.ije fly

fh^il lxr aj>} lied

in iniinf lining

flic Mot-ring

Chains, ar.d

r..ying the Sa-

ints ol H-r-

bour M.ifUrs,

and a. icpiac.ng

C lxix. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A. D. 1799,

CXLV1L And be it Further enabled, That all and every Person and Personsshall have free Liberty with

Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, to use the Roads and Ways which shall belong to the said intended Worksre-

fpcbtively, (except the Towing Paths of the Canal, and the private Ways which {hail belong to the Dock

Premises,) and with Ships, Lighters, Barges, Boats, and other Vessels, to use the said Canal, for the Pur-

pose of conveying Corn, Ccais, Timoer, and all other Goods and Things, and the said Towing Paths for

haling and drawing such Ships, Lighters, Barges, Boats, or other Vessels, with Men or with Horses, or

o:hcr Cattle, lubjebt to the Rules and Regulations which shall, from Time to Time, be made by the said

Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Coinmun Council anembled, by virtue of the Powers granted by

this AbL

44 In case the whole Capita! of 500,000 /. shall not be raised, or be' found infulficient for making the Docks,

44 ds'e. the Company may borrow 100,000/. mofb, and aPign the Dock Rates as a Security. Borm of the

•4 Alignment. Persons taking such Alignments to be entitled to their respebfive Proportions of the Dock

44 Rates. § 148. Proper Entries of such Alignments to be made by the Company’s Cleric ; and such Af-

44 signments to be transferable by lndorfcmctu- B onn of Inducement. Indorsement to be notified and

44 entered within fourteen Days, by the Clerk. § 149. interest on Monies borrowed to be paid half-yearly

44 in Preference to the Dividends. § 150.”

CLI. 4 And, for more readily, and effectually accomplishing the Purposes of this AbV be it further en-

abled, That there shall he advanced and paid from and out of all or any of the Duties, Revenues, and In-

comes, composing the Fund called The Conjolidated Fund, upon the Credit of, and to be replaced to the

said Fund by, the Rates and Duties hereby granted, or made payable to his Majesty, his He rs and Sue -

ceflors, any such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of seventy-twothoufand

Pounds of lawful Money of'Great Britain, as shall be necessary and sufficient for the Purposes next herein-

after mentioned ; the fame to be paid by the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury

for the Time being, into the Chamber of the City of London, from Time to Time, as and when wanted,

and to be applied and disposed of by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in

Common Council assembled, as follows ; (that is to say,) in the iirft Piace, in paying one equal Half

Part of the Charges and Expences incident to and incurred in obtaining and passing this Aand afterwards

in purchasing and paying for the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which

shall be so purchased by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors as aforesaid,

and in defraying the other Costs and Charges incident to such Purchases, and in paying and discharging the

necessary Charges and Expences of designing, laying out, making, and completing the said Canal, Cuts,

and other Works, which are to be made and done by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Com-

mon Council assembled, in pursuance of this Abb; and afterwards in paying, satisfying, and discharging

all the necessary Charges and Expences of attending, managing, regulating, maintaining, repairing, and

preserving the fame Canal, Cuts^ and other Works, for the Term of three Years next ensuing the Time

when such publick Notice as aforesaid shall be given of the said Canal being ready for Use, and until the

said Transit Rates shall become payable to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens as aforesaid ; and

also in paying for and during the fame Term of three Years such yearly or other Sums of Moneyas are

herein-before directed to be paid by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors,

as and for Compensations for Lofies, and Deficiencies of Tithes, Taxes, Sewer Rates, and other Rates and

Aflcfiments.

CLII. 4 And, in order that the Commissioners herein-before appointed, and which shall hereafter be ap-

4 pointed as aforesaid, may be enabled to make the Compensations by this Act entrusted to the Care and

4 Management of such Commissioners, be it further enacted. That there shall also be advanced and paid,

from and out of all or any of the Duties, Revenues, and Incomes, composing the P'und called The Gonjoli-

dated Fund, upon theCredit of, and to be replaced to the said P'und by, the Rates and Duties hereby granted

or made payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be necef-

fary and sufficient for making, paying, and satisfying all such last mentioned Compensations respectively, in-

cluding those herein-before directed to be made to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the said

Peter Lord Gwydir, and his Assigns, in respebt of Mooring Chains, and for defraying the necessary Costs

of managing, ascertaining, paving, and making the same reflectively ; and which Sum and Sums of Money

shall be from 'l ime to Time iffuej, paid, applied, and disposed of by the Lord High'Treasurer, or the Com

missioners of the Treasury for the L ime being, as the said Commissioners, or any five or mbre of them,

shall direct, in and about the paying and making of such last mentioned Compensations, according to the

Dircblions and true Meaning of this Act, until all the fame Compensations shall have been paid and

satisfied.

44 Commissioners Clerk to keep Accounts of Compensation Monies. § 153.”

CLIV. And be it further enacted, That’the Monies which shall from Time to Time be received and

produced from ar.d by the Rates and Duties granted or made payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-

cdlors, by this Act, thill he applied and disposed of in the Manner following ; (that is to say), in the first:

Place (b much thereof ih-dl be paid into the Chamber of the City of London as shall be sufficient, from Time

to Time, not only for di.irr.ying all the necessary Costs and Charges of maintaining, repairing, altering, and

renewing the Mooting Chains now lying-, and which shall hereafter lie, or be in the River Thames, and of

laying down, from l ime to Time, new or other Mooring Chains therein as and when necefl'ary for the

Use or the Shipping in the said River, but also for paying the Salaries and Wages of the said Harbour

Matters* and their Afiiihn:*, pursuant to tills Abt; and the Monies so to be paid into the said Chamber,

shall

