/

A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primoGEORGII III. C.19—21; 577

f Grain, or Pulfc, or any Flour or Rice, in the said Act mentioned, imported or brought into this Kintr-

* dom for Bounty, under the Regulations of the said recited Act, should be delivered out of the Charge

€ of the Officer or Officers of the Customs in the said Act mentioned, that the fame should be inspedkd

4 and examined in the Manner in the said A A mentioned: And whereas it was also enacted in the said re-

4 cited Act, That Returns should be made to the Inspector of Corn Returns, in the-Manner in the said

c Act mentioned, of all Foreign Corn, Grain, or Pulse, that shall be examined and ceitified under the

4 said Act: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether all Foreign Corn, Grain, or Pulse, in, determined by, and un-

4 'der the Provifons of the said recited Act,. to be examined and returned to the Inspector of Corn Re-

4 turns, whether any Bounties are claimed or are payable on such Corn, Grain or Pulse, or not for Re-

medy whereof, be it declared and enacted by the King’s most Fxcelient Majesty, by and with the Ad-

vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflem-

bled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act was intended, and shall be deemed and con- Before any Fo-

ftrued to require, that before any Foreign Corn, Grain, or Pulse, imported or brought, into this King- ,e,Kn Corn- -

dom during the Continuance of the said A A, Avail be delivered out of the Charge of the proper Officer or ^ddivered*”

- Officers of the Customs in the said Act mentioned, such Articles respectively shall be carefully and attentively out Qf thC

inspected and examined, and if the fame are merchantable, certified in Manner in the said A'ft mentioned ; and Charge of the

that all Corn, Grain, or Pulse, that shall be certified under the said Act, shall be returned to the Inspector of proper Officer,

Corn Returns, as in the said Act is directed, whether any Bounty or Bounties shall be claimed or payable on ^ inT

any such Corn, Grain, or Pulfc, or not; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding. ,^rchantabie

flial! be certified, and Returns thereof made to tho Inspector, whether Bounty be claimed or not*

CAP. XX.

An Act to revive and continue until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commence-

ment of the next Session of Parliament, and amend so much of an Act of the lad Sef-

fion of Parliament, as relates to the reducing' and better collecting the Duties payable

on the Importation of Starch j and to continue for the fame Time several Laws relat-

ing to the enabling his Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into this Kingdom

in Neutral Ships; to the authorizing his Majesty to make Regulations respecting the

Trade to the Capa of Good Hopei and to the preventing Offences in obstructing, de-

ftroying, or damaging Ships, and in obstructing Seamen and others from pursuing

their lawful Occupations. [31ft December 1S00.]

WHEREAS the Laws hereinafter mentioned have by Experience been found useful and bene-

ficial,* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Confeat of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same. That so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An So much of

Act for reducing, until the first Day a/" June one thousand eight hundred, the Duties upon Spirits distilhdfrom ^9g Prelate*"

Melasses or Sugar, or any mixture therewith \ for prohibiting the Distillation of Spirits from Wheat or to the reccing

Wheat Flour ; and for reducing, until the twentieth Day a/* September one thousand eight hundred, and better and collecting

collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch, as relates to the reducing and better collecting the Import

the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch, shall, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September ~^ch °^aly

one thousand eight hundred, be revived ; and the fame is hereby revived,-and shall continue in force until from s’epr. 29,

the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament: Provided al- 18co.be re-

ways, That for and in respect of any Foreign Starch which shall be imported under the Authority of the vmd, and con-

said Act hereby revived and continued, or which shall have been so imported, and for which the Duties *inu<jd unt!l

shall not have been actually paid, there shall be charged and paid a Duty at and after the Rate of Three- ^ Commence-

pence Farthing per Pound Weight Avoirdupois only; any Thing in the said Act, or any other Act or mcncofthe

Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding. next Session;

and a Duty after the Rate of jfd. per lb. only fl;all be piid.

* 39 Geo. 3, c. 112. [continued by 39 and 40 G o. 3. cc. 9. 17.] 37 3.C. 21. [continued by

“ 38 Geo.3. c. 9. 39 Geo. 3. c. 12. 39 and 40 Geo3. cc. 19 and 17. J And 33 Geo. 3. c. 67, further

“ continued until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session. §§ 2, 3, 4.”

CAP. XXI.

An Act for allowing, until the fifteenth Day of one thousand eight hundred and

one, the Use of Salt, Duty free, in the preserving of Fish in Bulk or in Barrels j for

protefting Persons, engaged in such Fisheries, from being impressed into his Ma-

7 jetty’s Service; for discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported;

and for allowing a Bounty on Pilchards now cured, whether exported or fold for Home

Consumption. [jift 1800.3

* WHEREAS in order to procure a large Supply of good and wholelbme Fish, it is expedient to aj-

* y V low Salt to be used. Duty free, for.a limited Time, for the Purpose of curing or preserving Her-

* rings, Pilchards, Mackarel, and all other Kinds or Species of wholesome Fish* either in Bulk or in Bar-

41 Geo. III.. 4 E • ‘ rels;»

by

