328 C. 48.

Anno 390 &40° Georgii III.

A. D. 1800.

Duties whereon

-shall not have

been paid befoie

the passing this

Ad, which Su-

gar thall be

warehoused, and

if the Duties be

tior paid within

certain Periods

from the Date

of Bonds, it

iruy be fold.

“No Bond shall

be discharged

without Pay-

ment of Princi-

pal apd Interest.

Fees and Stamp

Duties may be

cetained.

Recital of

39 Geo. 3. c.63.

7) whereby

certain Provi-

sions of

32 Geo.3. €.43.

were repealed*

36Geo,3. c. 18.

and 39 Geo. 3.

c. 63. recited.

Sugar imported into any Portin Great Britain at any Time after the thirty-first Day of March one thoa-

sand eight hundred, or upon any such Sugar in respect whereof such Duties shall not have been paid before

the passing of this Act; and all Sugar so bonded as aforesaid shall be lodged and secured at the foie Ex-

pence of the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees thereof under the

joint Locks of his Majesty and such Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Con-

signees thereof, in such Warehouse or Warehouses as shall be fit for that Purpose, and shall be approved

of by the said Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland, as the Cafe may be; and such

Sugar shall not be delivered, cleared, or taken from any such Warehouse, unless or until the full Du-

ties due and payable thereon, shall be first paid to the proper Officer of the Customs : and if the Importer

or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of such Sugar, shall omit, neglect, or refute

to pay and satisfy all the Duties due and payable in respect of such Sugar as shall be entered in the usual and

accustomed Manner on or before the tenth Day of September one thousand eight hundred, within six Months

from the Date of any Bond given under this Act for the Payment of the Duties upon such Sugar as aforesaid,

and with respect to any such Sugar as shall be imported into the Port of London, and so entered between the

said tenth Day of September and the said tenth Day of March, within three Months from the Date of any

Bond so given, and with respect to any such Sugar as shall be imported into any other Port of this Kingdom,

and so entered between the said tenth Day of September and the said tenth Day of Atarch, within two

Months from the Date of any Bond so given, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs in

England and Scotland respectively, at the Expiration of such Periods as aforesaid, to cause such Sugar to be

publickly sold to the best Bidder at such Places as the said Commissioners of the Customs in England and

Scotland respectively shall think proper, and out of the Proceeds of such Sale to satisfy such Duties, together

with all such Expencesas shall have arisen, relating to any such Sugar, and the Overplus (if any be) shall be

paid to the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of such Sugar, or

such other Person or Persons as shall be authorized to receive the same*

III. And be it further enacted, That no Bond taken by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall be dif-

charged either in Law or Equity, without the full Payment or Satisfaction of the principal Money due or to

become due thereon, together with Interest, at and after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to

be reckoned from the Date of such Bond until the aCtual Payment or Satisfaction thereof.

From May 5,

a800, 32 Geo.3.

c. 43. -as far as

relates to afeer-

tainin^ the ave-

rage Price of

Sugar, and re.

gulating the

Drawback on

Expoitation,

revived.

From May 5,

• j8oo, till Nov.

10, 1S00, the

Drawbacks on

the Exportation

• of Sugar, with-

held by recited

Aftscf36Gco 3.

iind 39 Geo. 3.

IhalJ be allowed,

and the Duty

impolcd by

39 Gto. 3.

fc. 59-JuP°n

Sugar imported

by the East India

IV. . Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to deduCl and retain out of the

Principal and Interest that may become due on any Bond to be taken in pursuance of this Act, the Feesand

Stamp Duties that shall have been paid on any such Bond.

V. 4 And whereas, by an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for

4 granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Sugar imported and exported, and on Coffee exported,

4 and for reducing the Drawbacks, allowed on the Exportation of Sugar, certain Provisions of an Act passed

4 in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for regulating the Allowance of the Draw-

4 back and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and for other Purposes, as far as the fame

4 related to the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar in Manner in the said Act mentioned, or of regulat-

4 ing the Allowance of the Drawback or the Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, were re-

4 pealed : And whereas it is expedient that the full Drawback and Bounty directed to be withheld by an Act

4 of the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and by an Act of the thirty-ninth Year of

4 the Reign of his present Majesty, should be allowed in certain Cafes: And whereas it thereby becomes

4 necessary that the several Provisions of the said Act of the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present

4 Majesty, so far as the fame relate to the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the

4 Allowance of Drawback or the Payment of Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, should be revived

be it therefore enacted. That, from and after the fifth Day of May one thousand eight hundred, the said

Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and all the Clauses, Provisions,

Powers, Authorities, Directions, and Regulations therein contained, as far as the fame relate to ascertaining

the Average Price .of Sugar in the Manner therein mentioned, or of regulating the Allowance of Drawback,

or the Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, shall be, and the fame are hereby revived, and

shall be and remain in full Force during the Continuance of this Act, except as any such Provisions. Direc-

tions, or Regulations are herein altered, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purpofts whatso-

ever, as if all the said Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, and Directions were repeated and re enacted

in the Body of this present Act ; any Thing in the said Act of the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of May one thousand eight hundred,

and until the tenth Day of November one thousand eight hundred, the Whole of the Drawbacks and Bounty

paid or payable on the Exportation of Sugar, directed to be withheld by the said Acts of the thirty-sixth arid

thirty-ninth Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, shall be paid and allowed in like Manner in every re-

sped, and subjectto, and under and according to the like Rules and Regulations as any Drawbacks of Boun-

ties were paid or allowed before the passing of the said Act of the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, and during all such Time as aforesaid, the Whole of the Duty imposed by an Act of the

thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, upon Sugar imported into Great^Britain by the

United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the Eqjl Indies, and warehoused according to Law,

and sold at the Sales of the said Company, shall, as to all such Sugar as shall be exported during the Time last

aforesaid, be, and the fame is hereby wholly discontinued ; any Thing contained in the said Act of the

thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty. to the contrary notwithstanding.

Company, di (continued on such as shall be exported.

VII. And

