57$

Appeal rmy

be xr.adc to the

Quarter Stf-

fions, who may

finally deter-

mine the Mat-

ter.

CompUintsfcr

Off rce* com-

mitted witKin

certain Limits,

shall l e heard at

the nearest

I'ublitk Office.

Prosecutions

•fluli be com-

menced within

three Days.

Continuance of

A<i> till oa. I,

1S01, &c.

Until OR. i,

jSoi, Herrings

may be import-

ed horn Swe-

den, in Rritifli

Vtifcls, or in

VtfUli of any

Kingdom in

Auiity with

li t Majesty,

Duty* fret.

Cap.to2©.

C. 17—19. Anno  quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

on their March, or within twenty-four Hours after their Arrival at any Quarter, Barrack, or Can-

tonment

VI. Provided neverthelef>, and be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall

think him, her, or thcmltlves aggrieved, by the Judgment or Determination of any such Justice or Justices

as aforesaid, in respeet of any pecuniary Penalty, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the County,

Riding, Division, Ci.ty, Liberty, or Place, where such Judgment shall be given, at their then next Gene-

ral or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, unless such General or Quarter Sections of the Peace shall happen to

be holden within fix Days next after any such Conviction, and in such Cafe, such Person or Persons may

appeal to the next subsequent General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for any such

County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place; but no such Appeal shall be received, heard, or deter-

mined, unless the Appellant or Appellants shall first enter into a Recognizance, with two sufficient Sure-

ties, before such Justice or Justices so convicting as aforesaid, in the Sum of twenty Pounds each, to

appear and prosecutc every such Appeal with Effect; and the Justices of the Peace at such General or

Quarter Sessions of the Peace are hereby authorized and required, on every such Appeal being made, and

on reasonable Notice thereof given to the other Party, finally to hear and determine the Matter of every

such Appeal, and to make such Order and to award such Costs therein as they in their Discretion shall fee

meet, and which laid Order and Determination {hall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and no Certiorari

shall be allowed to remove any such Proceedings or Determination.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Complaint which shall be made of any Offence against this

Act, alledgid to have been committed within those Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey which lie

within the Hills of Mortality, or in the Parishes of Saint MaryAebone and Pancras, in the said County of

Middlesex, shall be heard and determined by some one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, act-

ing in and for the said Counties, at such of the Publick Offices, established by virtue of an Act, passed

in the thirty second Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Adminf ration of

the Office of a fuftice of the Peace* in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near

the Metropolis, and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies 5 and further continued by virtue of an Act,

passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as shall be next or near to the Place in

which such Offence shall be alledged to have been committed.

•VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Person shall be convicted^ in manner afore-

said, for any of the before mentioned Offences, unless the Prosecution, in order to such Conviction, be com-

menced within three X)ays next after the Offence committed,.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the first Day of Ofloheront

thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the End of six Weeks next after the Commencement

of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to permit, until the first Day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, the

Importation of Swedish Herrings into Great Britain• £31ft Deember 1800.]

4 VWHEREAS it is expedient, under the present Circumstances, to permit, for a limited Time, the

4 VV Importation of Swedish Herrings into Great Britain in British Ships, or in Ships belonging to

4 Pufons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any Manner wfiaicver,

1 without Payment of Duty be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Corifent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

aflimbled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the passing of this Act, and until the

first Day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person

or Persons whatever, to import into Great Britain, from any Port or Place in Sweden* in any Entifi Ship

or Vessel, or in any other Snip or Vessel belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with hs

Majesty, and navigated in any Manner whatever, any Herrings caught and cured on any of the Coallsof

Sweden, without the Payment of any Duty whatever j any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the

•contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

44 Entry shall be made of such Herrings at the Port of Importation on Penalty of ^Forfeiture. 4 <2. [os mute

u § 2. ef c. 11. of ibis Session.]”

CAP. XIX.

An Act to remove Doubts arising upon the Construction of an Act of this ScHloa of

Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Barley,

Bye, Vats, Pease, Beans, and Indian Corn, and Barley, Bye, Oat, and Indian Med,

and Wheaten Flour and Bice. [31ft December 1800.]

]'• HERE AS by an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting

4 VV Bounties on the Importation of Wheat* Barley, Rye, Oats, Poafe, Beans, and Indian Com, and if

4 Bat Uy, Rye, Oat, and Indian Meal, and IP beaten Flour and Rice, it was enacted. That before any Corn,

7 4 Grain,

