A.D. 1799; Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 13. 33

Place for their First Meeting, for the Purpose of hearing and determining Appeals to be made by virtue of

this Adl, which shall be ten Days at least before the first instalment of the Duty granted by virtue of this Act

shall become payable; and such Meeting or Meetings shall be held from Time to Time, with or without

Adjournment, so long as any such Appeal shall be depending; and the said Commissioners of Appeal shall

also, ten Days at the least before any subsequent instalment of the Rates hereby granted shall become payable,

in case any Appeals shall be then depending, hold a Meeting or Meetings at such Time or Times and

Place as shall be appointed by them, for hearing and determining such Appeals; and that such Meetings

shall from Time to Time be held, with or. without Adjournment, so long as any such Appeal shall be

depending; and the said Commissioners of Appeal shall cause publick Notice to be given of their said first

and subsequent Meetings for the Purpose of hearing and determining Appeals in the Manner herein

directed. ,

and three more

to supply Va-

cancies, whole

Names shall be

returned to the

Tax Office,

who shall gift

them Notice of

their Appoint-

ment; on which

such Commis-

sioners shall ap-

point their first

Meeting for hearing Appeals at least ten Days before the first instalment becomes due; *nd subsequent Meetings, ten Days before every Infhlment,

if necessary, and giv£ Notice thereof; such Meetings to be held from Time to Time till all Appeals are heard. c. 22. § 13. as t§ Ttrk and

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That within and for the City of London, the Mayor,

Aldermen, and Common Council, in Common Council assembled, shall elect fix Persons, qualified as

herein is required, three of whonr at the least shall be Aldermen, out of which Number so to be elected the

Mayor and Aldermen shall choose three; and the Governors and Directors of the Bank of England {[yaW

choose two other Persons; and the Directors of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to

the Eqfl Indies, shall choose one other Person; the Sub-Governor, Deputy Governor1; and Directors of

the South Sea Company, shall choose one other Person: and the Governors and Directors of the Royal

Exchange Insurance Company, and the Governors and Directors of the London Insurance Company, (lull

each choose one other Person, qualified as by this Act is required; and the three Persons so choTen by the

Mayor and Aldermen, together with the other Persons respectively chosen as aforesaid, shall be Commissioners

for the Purposes of this Act, within and for the said City of London; and the Names of the Persons so chosen

shall be returned to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes.

also choose two other Persons; the East India Company, the South Sea Company, and the Royal Exchange and London Insurance

one j to be Commissioners for London.

In London, the

Mayor, Alder-

men, and Com-

mon Council,

shall elect fix

qualified Per-

fons; (three of

whom shall be

Aldermen;)

from which

Number the

Mayor and Al-

dermen shall

choose three;

the Bank ffiali

Companies, each

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That within and for the said City of London, the Commissioners for The threeCom-

hearing and determining Appeals shall be chosen as follows: videlicet, the said Mayor and Aldermen of the missioners of

said City shall choose one rerfon to be such Commissioner; the said Governors and Directors of the Bank of donfl^n*

England, the said Directors of the United Eqfl India Company, and the said Governors and Directors of chosen, one by

the South Sea Company, shall choose one other Person to be such Commissioner; and the said respective the Mayor and

Governors and Directors of the several Insurance Companies before-mentioned, shall choose a third Person Aldermen; one

to be such Commissioner; and the three Persons so cnofen as last aforesaid, shall be Commissioners for d*ai^*

hearing and determining Appeals within and for the said City; and their Names shall be returned to the ^y^ndSou^h

Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes. Sea Company J and one by the two Insurance Companies.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That within and for the County of Middlesex^ except For Middlesex

the District of the Tower Hamlets, called The Tower Division, the Sheriff* shall causeto be summoned such (jxeept the

Jurors only who'shall have been returned from the Hundred of Offulfton, in the said County, on the Pannel con)The sheriff

of the Grand Jury in the Court of our Lord the King, before the King himself at IVeJlmmfler, within the null summon

Period before-mentioned. such Grand Jurors only as are returned on the Pannel at Wcftminftti* Hall.

XX. And be it further enacted, That within and for the District of the Tower Hamlets, commonly called

The Tower Division y in the County of Afiddle/ex9 it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of the Tower of Lon*

dort, or Deputy Lieutenant, or Major thereof, to summon the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said

Division at the Time of parting this Act, and who shall continue so to act until they shall be so respectively

summoned; and such Justices being so summoned shall select the several and respective Commissioners to act

for such Division under this Act for any of the Purposes herein mentioned, in the same Manner and with

the fame Powers as the Grand Inquest of any County is hereby empowered to do, and also certain other

Persons to supply Vacancies as they shall arise, in the Manner before-mentioned, and also so many other

Persons as they mall think necessary, to be Aflistants to the Commercial Commissioners to be appointed under

this Act $ and the Names of the Persons so chosen shall be returned to the Commissioners for the Affairs of

Taxes.

For the Tower

Division, the

Lieutenant, £ec.

of the Tower

shall summon

the acting Juf-

tices, who

shall select

Commissioners

and Aflistants

to the Commer-

cial Commis-

sioners for such'Division. [&* § 98. no, &c.J

XXI. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any one or more of the Commissioners for

the Purposes of this Act, or any of the Commissioners for hearing and determining Appeals under this Act,

named or appointed to act for any County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place in Great Britain, or any

Division, City, Borough, Town, or Place within the same, shall die, or decline to act in the Execution of

the Powers and Trusts thereof, or having begun to act shall decline to act any further therein, then and in

every such Cafe the Person or Persons next in Order onTuch Liffs shall be appointed the Commissioner or

Comouffioners, in the Place of the Commissioner or Commissioners so refusing or declining to act, or

dying; and the Jurors who shall from Time to Time serve on the Grand Inquest at the Assizes or Sessions

of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, and the several and respective Persons before-mentioned,

in England, and the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland^ shall respectively, as often as Occasion shall

require, select and add new Names to the Persons before selected, who shall respectively in their Order be a

Commissioner or Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, or a Commissioner or Commissioners of

39 Geo. III. F Appeals,

When a Com-

missioner, or

Commissioner

of Appeal, ftiaU

die or decent to

aft, the Person

next in Order

in the Lifts shall

be appointed in

his Room; and

the Grand Ju-

rors, &c. shall

from Time to

Time fried and

