558 C. 12, 13. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Convictions

shall be made

out in the fol-

lowing

Form,

Conviction shall

be certified to

the Quarter

Seifienr to be

filed, and shall

diot be quashed

for Want Of

Form,orre- ,

moved into Jury

other Court.

Appeal may he

made to the

Quarter Sef-

fioh*.

or Place, within the Jurisdiction of such Justice or Justices, for any Time not exceeding fourteen Day*

from the Time of every such Commitment. \

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Offender

shall be Convifled as aforesaid, shall cause the said Coovidtion to be made out in the following Form of

Words, or in any Form of Words to the fame Effect; (that is to say,)

1 gE it remembered, That on this Day of

To wit, J in the Year of his Majesty King A. B. is

convicted before me (or> us) one (or% two) of his Majesty’s Justices of the

Peace for the [as the Cafe may be] for that the said A\ B. on the

Day of v now last past, did, contrary to the Statute in that case'made and provided [bert

state the Offence again/} the Ac7], and I ($r, we) do declare and adjudge that the said A\ B. hath for-

feited the bum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, for the Offence aforesaid. Given

under my Hand and Seal ($r, our Hands and Seals) the Day and Year aforesaid.’

And the said Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be had, shall certify the fame to the

next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County, Riding, Division, City, Li-

berty, or Place, wherein such Conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongst the Records of the

said General or Quarter Sessions; and such Conviction shall be good and valid in the Law, to all In-

tents and Purposes, and shall not be quashed, set aside, or judged void or insufficient* for Want of Form

only, and shall not be liable to be removed by any Process whatever into any other Court, but shall be

deemed and taken to be final to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXL Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall

think him, her, or themselves aggrieved, by the Judgment or Determination of any such Justice or Justices

as aforesaid, in respect of any pecuniary Penalty, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the County,

Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place where such Judgment shall be given, at their then next General

or Qyarter Sessions of the Peace, unless such next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall happen

to be holden within fix Days next after any such Conviction; and in such Cafe such Person or Persons may

' appeal to the next subsequent General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace which may be holden for any such

County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place; but no such Appeal shall be received, heard, or de-

termined, unless the Appellant or Appellants shall first enter into a Recognizance, with two Effi-

cient Sureties, before such Justice or Justices so convicting as aforesaid, in the Sum of ten Pounds each,

to appear and prosecute every such Appeal with Effect; and the Justices of the Peace at such General or

Quarter Sessions of the Peace are hereby authorized and required, on every such Appeal being made, and

on reasonable Notice thereof given to the other Party, finally to hear and determine the Matter of every

such Appeal, and tb make such Order, and to award such Colts therein, as they ia their Discretion shall

fix meet; and which said Order and Determination shall be final and conclusive to all Parties; and no Cer-

tiorari shall be allowed to remove any such Proceedings or Determination.

Application or XXII. And be it further enacted, That one Moiety of the Penalties by this Act imposed shall, when

Penalties, one recovered, go and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall prosecute to Conviction any such Offender

Half to the Pro* or Offenders, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence shall be com-

fecutor atwi one

Half to the Poor.

Limitation of XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be sued or prosecuted for any Thing done ia

Actions, fix pursuance and in execution of this Act, after the Expiration of six Months from the Time when the Of-

Months. fence was committed; and every such Suit 6r Prosecution shall be brought in the County, Riding, Division,

City, Liberty, or Place where such Offence shall have been committed, and not elsewhere 5 and every Person

General I flue. To sued shall and tnav plead the General Wue (Not Guiky)and may givethis Act and the Special Matter in

Evidence at any 1 rial to be had thereupon$ and if a Verdict shall be found for the Defendant or De-

fendants, or if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant shall have

appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon a Demurrer against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant

Double Costa. or Defendants irt every such Action shall receive Double Costs, and have the like Remedy for the feme, as

Defendants have in other Cafes for the Recovery of their Costs.

Continuance of XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be in force until and upon the sixth Dav of

Act, till Nov. 6. Novetnber one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence until the End of six Weeks after the Meet-

1801, *c. ing of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to enable Commissioners to purchase certain Buildings for the Accommodation

of the two Houses of Parliament. % [and December 1800.]

4 1WHEREAS it is necessary, for the Accommodation of the two Houses of Parliament, that certain

Houses and Buildings in Old Palace Yard should be purchased for the Publick Use j and it is

4 expedient that the Value of such Houses, Buildings, and Tenements, should be ascertained by indifferent

4 Persons, without Delaybe it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

1 c Advice

