A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii If I. C. 22,23. 5^3

which Bills hate been or may be drawn, or for the due Execution of any of the Duties imposed upon any

such Commissioners aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons summoned to appear before such Com-

missioners, or any two of them, shall neg!eft or refuse to appear before such Commissioners as aforesaid, or

any two of them, or to bring or produce any Accounts, Books, Certificates, Warrants, Muniments, Re-

ceipts, Bills of Exchange, Notes, or other Papers whatever, that shall be in his, her, or their Pofleflian or

Custody, or in the Custody or Possession of any other Person or Perfor.s for him, her, or them, or shall re-

fuse to answer to such Commissioners, or any two of them, any Question on Oath or Affirmation, touching

or concerning any Matter or Thing relating to any such Accounts, Books, Certificates, Warrants, Muni-

ments, Receipts, Bills of Exchange, or other Papers, or shall refuse to answer any Question on Oath or

Affirmation, relating to any Matter or Thing in any wise respedling the Expenditure of the Publick Money

inquired of by the said Commissioners, or any two of them, or in the Execution of their Office under this

Act, then and in every such Cafe it shall be lawful for the Card Commissioners to make or cause to be made

luminary Application to*any Court or Courts of Justice in any such Island or Place aforesaid, in that Behalf,

if any such Court shall be then fitting, or if no such Court shall be then fitting, then such Application shall

be made to the Chief Justice or other Judge of any such Court, and every such Court or Chief Justice or-

Judge respectively, is hereby authorized and (tiicily required, on such Application so made as aforesaid, to

issue such special Process against the Person or Persons who shall have been guilty of such Default as afore-

said, as such Court or Chief Justice or Judge may deem necessary, to compel the Appearance before such

Com inffioners of any such Ptilon or Persons, or the Production of any such Accounts, Books, Certificates,

Warrants, Muniments, Receipts, Bills of Exchange, or other Papers as aforesaid, or to compel such Person

or Persons to answer any such Question or Questions as aforesaid ; and Inch Commissioners may thereupon

proceed upon such special Process by Imprisonment of the Body of any such Person as aforesaid, in like

Manner as any Court or Courts of Record within this Kingdom, having competent Authority for that

Purpose, may proceed against any Person or Persons, for any Contempt committed against the Authority, of

any such Court.

V. And, for the rendering more effectual all such Examinations as are intended to be had under this Act,

be itenadteJ, That it shall and may be lawful for any such Commissioners as aforesaid, or any two of them,

and they are hereby respectively authorized and required to examine upon Oath, (which Oath they, or any

two or more of such Commissioners, are hereby authorized 10 administer,) all Persons whom

they shall find Occasion to call before them, and all other Persons whom the said Commissioners, or any two

or more of them, shall think fit to examine, touching all Matters and Things necessary for the due Execu-

tion of the Powers vested in any {uch Commissioners as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons in the Course of their Examination

upon Oath before any such Commissioners as aforesaid, shall wilfully and corruptly give fa lie Evidence, such

Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to

be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in being in this Kingdom, or by any

Law or Laws in force fof the Time being, in any Island or Place aforesaid, where such Offence shall be

committed, as Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be

construed to extend, to the preventing the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts from investi-

gating or passing or making up any Accounts, or Declarations of Accounts, or in any Manner to the

limiting the Jurisdiction, or rowers or Authorities of the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts,

or to the transferring to any Commissioners acting under the Authority of this Act, any of the Powers or

Authorities of the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, but that, on the contrary thereof, that

all Commissioners acting under the Authority of this Act shall act in Aid only of the said Commissioners for

auditing the Publick Accounts, and shall, from Time to Time, whenever required so to do, by the said

Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, or any three of them, transmit or deliver to such Com-

missioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, all Papers, Vouchers, Documents, and Examinations, pro-

cured or taken in any Investigation under this Act, for the Purpose of enabling such Commissioners for

auditing the Publick Accounts finally to audit, declare, and pals such Accounts as aforesaid; and it shall be

lawful for the said Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts to proceed therein upon any Report of

any Commissioners acting under this Act, signed by any three or more of any such Commissioners, in like

Manner, in every Respect, as if the Investigation of the Accounts contained in any such Report had been

made in this Kingdom, under and by virtue of any Powers or Authorities vested in such Commissioners

for auditing the Publick Accounts, by an Act, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An Act for better examining and auditing the Publick Accounts ef this Kingdom.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for making the Portof Amficrdam in the Island of Curasao a Free Port.

[31 ft December i8cq.]

Persons refuting

to appear, or to

produce Ac-

counts, or an-

fwer Questions,

may be proceed-

ed against in

Manner herein

directed.

Commissioncns

m3y take Ex-

aminations on

Oath.

Persons giving

false Evidence

subject to the

Punishment for

Perjury.

Act shall not ef-

sect the Powers

of the Commis-

sioners fur audi-

ting Publick

Account;,

who m3y pro-

cci d on an> Re-

port of theCom-

imlTiomrs under

tin*? Act, as if

Investigation

hr.ci been made

in this King-

dom, under 25

Gee. 3. c. 5*.

c \WHEREAS by several Acts made in the twenty-seventh, thirtieth, thirty-first, thirty-second, thirty- 2700.3.0.2-.

4 VV third, and thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, it is provided, that Wool, 30cto. 3. c. 20.

! Cotton Wool, Ipdigo, Cochineal, Drugs of all Sorts, Cocoa, Tobacco, Logwood, Fuftic, and ai! Sorts ziO^o.^q. 3$.

4 of

