A.D. 1799. Anno trice/lmo nono Georgii III.' C. 2 ’75

X. And be it further ena£led, That it shall be lawful for the respe£iive Persons empowered to choose In Cities,

Commissioners for the Purposes of the said first recited Act, for any City, Borough, Cinque Port, Liberty,

Town, or Place, where separate Commissioners of ailelFed Taxes Dull have usually acted in the several ^cho^ciUor^

Wards, Parishes, or Divisions thereof, in the Execution of former Acts, to choose Com mi (Hollers for the each Ward,

Purposes of the f»:d recited Act, for each such Ward, Pan(b, or Division, in like Manner as they are em-

powered by the said recited Act to choose Commissioners for each Division of a Comity or Riding. where separate

0 Commissioners

of Taxes have ufuailyafted,

XI. And be it further enacted, That in every Place where Commercial Commissioners shall be ap- ACi.lants to

pointed under the said tirft recited Act, the Afliiiants to Inch Commercial Commissioners shall be named Comnlffficmert

and appointed by such Persons respectively who are authorized to appoint such Commercial Commissioners. fha'^be ap.

pointed in ail Cafes by thofi: who apj>oint such Commilfioiiers*

XII. And be it further enacted, That in estimaiing the Value of Personal Efhte required for the

Qualification of a Commissioner under the said first recited Act, the Interest or Dividend of any Publick

Stock or Fund to the Amount of four Pounds per Annum, Hull be considered as equivalent to one hundred

Pounds of Personal iiftate, and so after that Rate for any greater or lei's Sum.

ntcreft or Di-

vidend of Stock

to the Amount

ot 4I, perAnn.

to be taken as

icol. Perfcr.ai Ettatcin respect to Connnissioner's Qualification. [&* § 2,6 ofc. 1 3.]

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Appeals from the Commissioners to be appointed for the Appeals from

County of the City of York shall be heard and determined by the Commissioners of Appeals appointed for lljeCity oi

the North Riding of the County of York; and all Appeals from the Commissioners to be appointed for the Comiriif-0

County of the City of Bristol shall be heard and determined by the Commissioners of Appeals for the County f]0ntrsof Ap-

of Gloucester peal for the North Riding; and those for BriAol to the Commissioners for GiouceAershire*

XIV, And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall, under and by virtue of the said first

mentioned Atft, have signified, or shall hereafter signify his or her Intention to be alfefied by the Commercial

Commissioners appointed or to Jbe appointed under the said first mentioned Act, in the Manner thereby di-

rected, shall, on or before the thirtieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, in case

Commercial Commissioners shall be then appointed for the District within which such Person shall reside, or

■otherwise within ten Days after such Appointment, and in every subsequent Year on or before the thirtieth

Day of March in such Year, deliver a Statement of his or her Income, made according to the DireCiions of

the said Act, to such Commercial Commissioners, or to the Person appointed or authorized in Manner di

rented by the said Act to receive the same; and such Commissioners, or such Person as aforesaid, shall

thereupon give to the Person or Persons delivering such Statement, or to the Person attending on his, her, or

their Behalf, a Certificate under the Hand of any one or more of such Commi(doners, or under the Hand of

the Person so appointed and authorized by them as aforesaid, of the Delivery of his, her, or their State-

ment, according to the Directions of the said first mentioned Act, which Certificate shall, within three

Days after Delivery thereof, be shewn and presented to the Assessors, or one of them, of the District in

which he, she, or they shall have signified his, her, or their Intention of being afil lfcd as aforesaid, who

shall endorse thereon that the fame hath been, and the Time when the fame was, so shewn and presented to

him or them; and every Person who shall neglect to deliver such Statement, and to transmit such Certifi-

cate, in the Manner and within the Time herein-before directed, shall be chargeable, and shall he a if: I Fed for

-his or her Income by the Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Act, appointed for the DistriCi within

which such Person shall reside, as if such Person had not returned h s or her Intention of being affefieu by such

Commercial Commissioners as aforesaid; and every such Person who shall neglect to deliver such State-

ment, or transmit such Certificate in Manner aforesaid, whether such Afieilment shall have been made or

not, shall forftita Sum not exceeding the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty may be

recovered under the said first mentioned Atft.

Assessor of the Distritt, who shall indorse the fame; Persons neglecting to deliver such Statement, or to transmit the Certificate to the

aflciTcd by the General Commissionirs of the District, and also forfeit not exceeding 2d.

XV. 4 And, to the End that in every subsequent Ye?.r sufficient Ti ne may be given for making such Rc-

1 turns and AftefTments/be it further enacted, That the respective Commissioners for the Pur poles of the said

first mentioned Atft shall, as soon after the fifth Day of February in every such Year as can conveniently be

done, Hiue their Instructions, Directions, and Warrants, to the respective Assessors, in order that such

Afteffors may forthwith deliver Notices to the n spective Parties required to make such Returns by the said

Act, and that such Returns may be delivered in T ime for the making such Affciiments.

chargeable ns soon as poffihle after Feb. 5, in

XVI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said first recited Act as requires the Commercial

Commi(T:oners, appointed under the said Act, to transmit the Counterparts of Certificates issued of Sums

, afiefled by them to the Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England^ or to any Receiver

General, in Manner directed determined by the Lid Act, and also so much of the said A3. as requires the Cafiiier of

the Bank of England, or any Receiver General, to transmit to any Commissioner or Commissioners any

Account of Sums of Money paid on Account of any lnilahnent or instalments to be paid under tint Act,

and the respective Numbers and Letters to which any Sums remaining unpaid shall respectively relate, and

also so much of the said Act as relates to the granting Certificates of Payments by the Cadder of the Bank

La of

Perform intend-

ing to e udelTed

by C0nriKiCi.1l

Comm*lti-ners

fba.l, (ocioic)

March

■17913, it Com-

jijii'.K iu.r4 at ,ik

appointee, or it

not, within fen

Days after Apt

pointmcnbof

such Commit-

fi oners, fupoft*

c. 42.) and,

annually, before

March 30,* dc<*

liver a State-*

nunt of their

Ipcome to such

Commissioners i

who Hull there»

upon j»Jvc a

Certificate of

inch Delivery*

which shall

within thiee

. Days be pro-

duced to the

Aihifors, fhatffee

infinx^ions

fh?ll be ifftif'd*

by Commis-

ffionersj and

Notices deliver-

ed by Assessors

to Persons

each future Year*

Certain Parts of

$ icfiand 109

of c. 13. (rcr#

quiring Com-

mercial t cm-*

mi doners to

ti ar.imit Courv

^crparts of their

Certificates to

the Bank, LcK

ar.d the '

