188

in Government

Securities, or

Jcnt on Herita-

• ble Bonds in

Scotland*

fc6Cro. 3. c. 41.

and so much of

2i;Gco. 3. c. 53.

as relates to the

FiftierieS carried

«n in theGrecn-

1-and Seas and

Davis’s

Strcighti, con-

tinued till Dec.

a 5, 1800.

* C. 21.

+ '•3 S-

7 Geo. 3. c. fi.

continued till

March 25,1806.

[Ire 3; Geo. 3.

*. 3*. § i.j

>4C«o. 3. c. a€.

* e. 99. t

TJ>e Bounties

granted by the

recited Act

shall, from Jan.

1,1799, rc-

v.ved, and

continue in

For ce for two

Years horn that

La/.

C. ioo» ioi, 102. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A. D» 179941

c fame in such Manner as to produce ap Interest whilst the fame is not employed in prosecuting the Purpose*

4 of the said Act, which has proved to be dibdvantageous to the said Society be it therefore enabled, That,

from and after the said fifth Day qt July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, it shall be lawful for

the Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors of the said Society, or such Part of them'as is authorized by*,

the said Act to direct the Affairs of the said Society, to invert such Surplus Money of the said Society, as may

be from Time to Time under their Direction, in Government Securities, or to lend the fame on Heretable

Bonds in Scotland, for the Purpose of obtaining an Interest for the fame during such Time as it cannot be

beneficially employed for the Purposes of the said Act; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary

tiotwithstanding.

CAP. Cl.

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the further Support and Encouragement or

the Fisheries carried on in thz Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights} until the twenty-,

fifth Day of December one thousand eight hundred, and to the diicontinuing the Duties-

payable on the Importation of Tallow, Hog’s Lard, and Grease, until the twenty-fifth1

Day of March one thousand eight hundred and six.—[12th July 1799-] ,

4 \X/HEREAS the Laws herein-aficr mentioned have been found useful and beneficial, and are near ex-

* VV piring be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,.

and by the Authority of the same, That an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Green-

land Seas ^2^/Davis’s Streights, which was to be in Force for live Years, from the twenty-fifth Day of

December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six ; and also so much of an Act, made in the twenty-ninth,

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Ati for further encouraging and regulating the New-

foundland, Greenland, and Southern Whale Fisheries, as relates to the FiOieries carried on in the Greenland^

Seas and Davis's Streights ; which, by an Act made in the thirty-second Year*of the Reign of his present

Majesty *, were amended and continued until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-eight; and which were, by another Act made in the thirty-eighth. Year of the Reign of his pre-

sent Majesty f, further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-nine, shall be, and the fame is hereby furthdr continued until the twenty-fifth Day oi December one

thousand eight hundred.

II. And be it further enacted, That an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, intituled, An <Afl to dfcontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow*

Hogs Lard, and Grease, which was to be in Force for three Years from the twenty-hith Day of March -

one thousand seven hundred and (ixty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-«

liament; and which by ftvcral subsequent Acts of the tenth, thirteenth, sixteenth, nineteenth, twenty-*

second, twenty-sixth, twenty-ninck, thirty-second, and thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of his said Ma-

jifty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thoo-

fiand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament,

shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight

hundred and six.

CAP. CII.

An Act to revive and continue, until the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred

and one, the Bounties granted by an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland^ and

Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland^ and the British Dominions in Europe.,

[12th 1799-}

Wr HEREAS so much of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act to amend and render more cjfcftual the several Laws now in Force for encouraging

the Fif'crits carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the

British Dominions in Europe, and for granting Bounties for a limited Time, on certain Terms and Conditions,

as relate s to the Bounties thereby gi anted, which was to continue in Force for the Term of ten Years, from

the first Day of January one thousand (even hundred and eighty-seven, and which was revived, and further

continued for two Years by an Act made in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty •,

has been found useful and beneficial: And whereas it is expedient that so much of the said Act as relates

to the Bounties thereby granted, ftiouui be revived, and further continued be it therefore enacted by the

King’* incft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conlentofthe Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the Bounties

granted by the (hid recited Act, and all and every Regulation therein contained respecting the fame, shall,

tr .m anti after the fiiftDay or January cr:e thousand seven hundred au’d ninety-nine, be revived, and the

fatnp are hereby revived ; and the said bounties »hali be paid and allowed, and the said Regulations shall con-

tinue in Force for and during the further Term of two Years from the said fuft Day of January one thuu-

fcuul seven hundred and ninety-nine. '

CAP.

