A. D. 1799* Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 106. 193

deficient as aforesaid, and to agree with any such Volunteer for a Bounty not exceeding the Sum of ten

Pounds ; and the Deputy Lieutenants, before whom such Volunteer shall be sworn and enrolled to serve in

*he Militia, shall make an Order upon such Treasurer or Treasurers for the Payment of such Bounty ; and

upon the Production to such Treasurer or Treasurers of a Certificate, under the Hands of such Deputy

Lieutenants as aforesaid, of any such Volunteer having been sworn and enrolled to serve in the Militia, and

of such Order for the Payment of such Bounty as aforesaid, and of a Certificate under the Hands of the

Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia of such County, Riding, or Place, of

such Man having joined his Rfeeiment, Battalion, or Corps, such Treasurer or Treasurers shall, and he and

they is and are hereby respectively required to pay, out of such Money in his Hands as aforesaid, any Sum

of Money not exceeding the said Sum of ten Pounds for each of such Volunteers as aforesaid; and such

Treasurer or Treasurers shall, atthe Expiration of three Months after the Receipt of such Money as afore-

said, pay all such Sums of Money as may remain in his or their Hands, for and on Account of any such

Fines as aforesaid, and that shall not have been paid for and on Account of any such Volunteer as aforesaid,

in Manner herein directed, to the Receiver General of such County, Riding, or Place, to be applied

and disposed of in like Manner as directed by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his pre-

sent Majesty.

XV. ‘ And whereas Doubts have arisen with respect to the Allowances to the Families of Persons serving

* in the Militia as Volunteers under the said Act of the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

c jetty.’ be it therefore enacted. That the like Allowances shall be made to the Families of Persons serving

in the Militia as Volunteers as aforesaid, as by several Acts passed in the Reign of his present Majesty are

directed to be made to the Families of Persons serving as Privates in the Militia ; such Allowances to be or-

dered, paid, and reimbursed by such Persons, and in such Manner, and to he divided, apportioned, and borne

in such and the like Manner, in every Respect, as is directed by two several Acts passed in the thirty-third

and thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, with respect to the Allowances made to the Fa-

milies of Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, and Fifers.

XVI. And be it further enacted. That the Pay of every Person enrolled to serve in the Militia of any

County, Riding, or Place, after the patting of this Act, shall commence upon the Day on which such Per-

son shall join the Regiment, Battalion, or Company, to which he shall belong, and not before 2 Provided al-

ways, That if such Person shall have been prevented joining such Regiment, Battalion, or Company, by

Sicknefe, or such other sufficient Cause, and shall produce to the Commanding Officer of such Militia a fa-

tisfadorv Certificate of such Sickness, or other sufficient Cause, it shall be lawful for the Commanding Of-

ficer of Rich Militia, and he is hereby required to direct an Allowance of Pay to be made to the Person so

prevented, according to the Time mentioned in such Certificate as aforesaid ; 3nd such Commanding Officer

may and is hereby required to direct an Allowance to be made to every other Person who shall join his Re-

giment, Battalion, or Company aforesaid, so that such Allowance shall in no Cafe exceed the Pay of so

many Days as would enable such Person to march from the Place where he was enrolled, to the Regiment,

Battalion, or Company, to which he shall belong, to be calculated at the Rate of not less than ten Miles in

each Day, with the usual Number of halting Days.

XVII. And be it further enacted. That if any Person sworn and enrolled in the said Militia, either as a

Substitute or Volunteer, (not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him to serve as a Militia Man,)

shall not with due Diligence join the Regiment, Battalion, or Company of Militia of the County, Riding,

or Place, for which he shall be so sworn and enrolled (in case such Regiment, Battalion, or Company shall

then be embodied) according to such Order as shall be given them in that respect by the Lieutenant or De-

puty Lieutenants, or any of them, or by any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the said Regiment,

Battalion, or Company, or by any other Person authorized to give him such Order, in pursuance of any

Law now in forcerefpeding the Militia ; or if any Person serving in any Militia as a Substitute or Volun-

teer shall desert or absent himself from his Duty, every such Militia Man (nail be liable to be apprehended and

punished as a Deserter, according to the Provisions of any Ad which shall be then in Force for the punishing

Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; and shall also be

liable to be adjudged to further Service in the said Militia, or to Service in his Majesty’s Regular Forces, as

the Court before whom he shall be tried shall think fit to direct; and in case the said Court shall adjudge

Inch Militia Man to Service in his Majesty’s Regular Forces, it shall be lawful, by Order under the Hand

of the Secretary at War, or his Deputy, to cause such Man, with the Consent of the Colonel or Com-

manding Officer of the Militia to which such Substitute or Volunteer shall belong, to be entered as a Private

Soldier to serve in such Regiment or Corps of his Majesty’s other'Forces as shall be directed in such Order,

and to be forth with conveyed either to the Head Quarters of the Regiment or Corps in which he shall be so

entered, or to Chatham Barracks, as the Cafe may require ; and such Substitute or Volunteer shall, from

■ the Time of his being delivered over to be so conveyed as aforesaid, be subject and liable to all the Penalties

and Punishments contained in any Ad then in Force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, as if he had been

enlisted in the Regiment or Corps in which he shall be fc ordered to be entered as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by his Royal Pro-

clamation, pardoning, if he shall think fit, all or any such Militia Men as shall have enlisted into any of the

Regular Forces before the patting of this Act, to direct that such Men so pardoned shall not be liable to be

claimed by or returned to serve in the Regiment, Battalion, or Company of Militia from which they shall

havedeferted ; and further, to pardon every such Militia Man as shall, before the patting of this Act, have

defertedfrom any Regiment, Battalion, or Company of Militia, oh Condition that such Militia Man shall

voluntarily surrender himself as a Deserter.on or before the firftDay of Auznfl One thousand seven hundred

39 Geo* III. , • * - . —............. Cc ■ * and

Deputy Lieute-

nant? may agreo

with Volun-

teers for a

immty not ex-

ceeding ioI.

and order Pay-

ment by the

Treasurer, who

shall pay the

fame, and at

the Expiration

of three Month*

shall pay the

Balance to the

Receiver Gene*

rai.

Allowances to

the Families of

Volunteers un*

der 34 Geo. 3,

c. 16. shall be

made as to the

Families of

Privates.

Pay of Men

shall commenco

on their joining,

Persons pre-

vented from

joining may, on

Certificate, hav#

an Allowance

of Pay j and

others on join-

ing, an k Allow*

ance for march*.

ing.

Substitutes or

Volunteers not

joining, or who

delirt, may be

punished as I)e-

fcrteis, and ad-

judged to further

Service in the

Militia or the

Regular Forces.

Men adjudged

to ftrve in the

Regular Forces,

may, by Or Jer

of the Secretary

at War, and

with Consent of

the Colonel of

Militia, be en-

tered so to

serve. *

His Majesty,

by Proclama-

tion, may par-

don Militia

Men who have

enlisted into the

Regular Forces

beioi'e passing

this Act 5 and

Deserters from

