A. D. 1800.

Anno 39® & 40° Georgii in. C. 72. 381

such Cafe it fl ail be lawful for the. said Commissioners of Stamps, and they are hereby authorized, upon er Tntcreft shall

the Production thereof to the said Commissioners, or any one of them, for the Purpose of being [tamped

according to the Provisions of the said last recited Act, at any Time within twelve Months asur the 0Cn™°

passing of this Act, to caul'e such Deed to be stamped, upon payment of the Duty by the said last recited Act y ars [See

gran ed, without any Penalty whatever ; and every Person concerned in engrossing, writing, or priming % ^ f Lift recited

any such Deed, or in making or executing the fame, shall be, and is hereby freed, discharged, and in- J

demnified from all Penalties and Forfeitures that shall have arisen, or may arise, in reipedt of any such ^- d°agree-

Decd« aby thereto

may be duly stamped within twelve Months after pairing this Act*

44 34 Geo. 3. c. 14.. recited. Everylndenture of Clerkship to Attornies, made in the Bills of Mortality after

“ February 5, and ineveiy other Part of England and Wales after February 10, 1794, and before March 28,

44 1794, whereon any Duty is by the last recited Act imposed, may, on Pavmentof the Duties on or

44 before June 1, 1801, be duly stamped § 14. and may within three. Months after be.ng flapped, be

«4 em oiled by the proper Officer of the Court, &V. § 15. [See 37 Geo. 3. c. 60.: 39 Geo. 3. c. 39-]”

XVI 4 And whereas it is expedient that the said Commissioners of Stamps should be empowered to al- Commissioners

c low to any Person or Persons, who shall have taken out any Probates of any Will or Letters of Admi-

4 nistration, through any Inadvertence or Mistake, in any Ecclesi stical Court or Courts, the full Va’ue pro^i^of*

4 in other stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, of the Amount of the Stamp Duty on any of such Pro- wuband Let-

4 bates or Letters of Administration that shall have been rendered wholly useless and of no EfFedt what- ters of Adminl-

4 ever, so as that no Person or Persons shall pay the St^mp Duty granted upon Probates of Wills or Letters stration» and

4 of Administration, by any Act or Acts now in force, more than once upon any one Will, or on the 4ll°w [uch

4 fame Property of any Person dying intestate:’ Be it therefore enacted, That where due Proof on Oath ampS*

shall be made to such Commissioners of Stamps, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, (which Oath

the said Commissioners or any one of them, is hereby authorized to administer,) that any Will hath, through

any Inadvertence or Mistake, been proved, or that any Letters of Administration have been taken out on

the fame Properly, in more than one Ecclesiastical or Prerogative Court, or more than once in any such

Ecclesiastical Court, and that by Reason thereof more than one Stamp Duty shall have been paid thereupon,

then and in every such Cafe it shall be lawful for such Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized,

upon Delivery to them of any such useless Probate or Letters of Administration as aforesaid, to be cancelled,

and on Production of the valid Probate or Letters of Administration that shall have been granted on any

such Will or Property as aforesaid, to cancel such useless Probate or Letters of Administration, and to {lamp

or mark, or cause to be stamped or marked, or deliver any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, stamped with

Stamps of the like Denomination and Value with the Amount of any such Probate or Probates or Letters

of Administration, without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly for the fame, "any Sum of Money

or other Confide ration whatsoever.

C4 37 Geo. 3. c. 90. [§ 26—31.] recited. Attornies, &V. who have nogledted to obtain Certificates as re-

quired by last recited Act, and who shall obtain and enter them within a Month after passing this Act,

indemnified. Persons against whom Actions shall have been commenced before passing this Act,

not liable to pay more than tool, with Costs. § 17. but nothing herein shall indemnify any Person

* against whom Judgement*shall have been given on or before June 1, 1800. § 18.”

XIX. 4 And whereas by an Act, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, inti- 34GC0. 3. c.

4 tuled. An All to enable the Comm'ffloners of his Majesty s Stamp Duties to stamp the Paper ujed for the 72- [§*•] rc~

4 printing N, ufpapers thereon in Sheets of Single Demy Paper, instead of Sheets of Double Demy Paper, it cucd*

4 was among other Things provided. That no Sheet of Single Demy. Paper, stamped in pursuance of the

4 said last recited Act, for the Printing of Newspapers, should exceed twenty-eight Inches in Length and

4 twenty Inches in Breadth : And whereas it is expedient to permit the Cornmihioners and Officers in the

4 said Act mentioned, to (lamp and mark, in Manner by the said Act directed, Single Demy Paper for the

4 Purposes in the said Act mentioned, of a larger Size than in and by the said Act is allowed:’ Be it there- SingleDemyPa-

fore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners per not exceed,

and Officers in the said Act mentioned, and they are hereby authorized to stamp and mark, in the Manner and an Ha t^

in the said Act directed, any Single Demy Paper, not exceeding thirty Inches and one Half Inch in 0/18

Length, and twenty Inches in Breadth y any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof i:iha] m

H0twithstanding. length, and 20

Inches in

Bjcadih, nuy be flampt,d.

I

CAP.

