A. t). 1800. Anno  quadragesimo primo Georgii III. C. 28. 589

IV. And be it further enacted, That any Deed or Deeds required by the said Acts, or any of them, to

be enrolled or registered, shall be valid and’efteftual, although the fame shall not have been enrolled or re-

giftered within the Periods prescribed by the said Acts, provided the fame be enrolled or registered within fix

Calendar Months after the passing of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, who, in their

Contrafts for the Redemption of Land Tax, have declared an Option to be conhdered on the Footing of

Persons not interested in the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, comprized in

such Contrafts, and who, by an Act passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his

present Majesty, were allowed to make Application to the respective Commissioners appointed under the

King’s Sign Manual, at any Time within the Space of three Calendar Months from the twenty-fifth Day

of March one thousand eight hundred, for the Purpose of exonerating the said Manors, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, arid Hereditaments from Land Tax, shall beat Liberty to make Application for that Pur-

pose to the said Commissioners respectively at any Time within the Space of six Calendar Months from

*he twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand eight hundred ; and that all such Acts, Matters, and

Things shall be done by such Persons, Bodies, Corporations, and Companies respectively, for the Purpose

of exonerating the said Manors*, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments from Land Tax, as

by the said last mentioned A ft are required to be done in like Cafes, within the Period of three Months,

from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred: Provided always, That in all Cafes

whe re no additional Consideration shall be to be transferred or paid for such Exoneration, tile said Manors,

Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments shall be exonerated from the said Land Tax only from

the End of the Quarter next preceding the Day of the Date'of the Certificate of the said Commissioners

indorsed upon the Contract where the Declaration of the Option therein shall be (truck out by them, or

next preceding the Day of the Date of the Contraft, where the said Commissioners shall refeind the Con-

tract in which the Option shall have been declared, and shall grant a new Contraft; and in all Cafes

where an additional Consideration shall be to be transferred or paid for such Exoneration, the said Manors,

Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall be exonerated from the said Land Tax only

from the End of the Quarter next preceding the Day of the Transfer or Payment of such additional Con-

sideration.

VI. * And whereas by an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of his Majesty’s Reign, in-

4 tituled, An Act for extending^from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred, until the

4 twenty ffth Day ^March one thousand eight hundred and one, the Period of Preference^ granted and con-

^ /mi 4a ^ //* jr (* At v* 4 m /l m// 4 /» m 7? a A 4 # ^ T /iw// ^7/f m /im/Z /a m a «•//! MtftttfP

* or Remainder in any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall have been

~ ' ‘ ‘ or

: or

Fee

Simple and Inheritance of any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, subject

4 to the subsisting Interests of the respective Lessees, Copyholders, or other Customary Tenants, for the

4 Purpose of raising Money for the Redemption of Land Tax as therein mentioned, in like Manner and

4 under the like Restrictions, as he, (he, or they could or might have done, in case such subsisting Lease-

4 hold and Copyhold Estates and Interests had been granted by him, her, or themNow be it enacted,

That where such immediate Reversion or Remainder is or shall be vested in any Mortgagee or Mortgagees,

Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons not being in the actual Receipt or Perception of and benefi-

cially entitled to the Rents and Services reserved, or due or payable in respect of such subsisting Interests, then

and it^ such Cafe it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons who is or arc or shall, for the Time being, be

in the actual Receipt or Perception of, and beneficially entitled to, such Rents and Services, to fell and

dispole of the Fee Simple and Inheritance of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-

ments, subject to the subsisting Interests for the Purpose of and under the Restrictions mentioned or referred

to in the said last recited Act, but nevertheless without Prejudice to the Rights and Interests of such Truf-

tee or Trustees, Mortgagee or Mortgagees, or other Person or Persons in whom the immediate Reversion or

Remainder shall be vested.

VII. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons hath redeemed or shall hereafter re-

deem his, her, or their Land Tax by or out of his, her, or their own Personal Estate, or by or out of

any Trust Property applicable to such Redemption by virtue of the said Act, or by any other Me^ns than

by Sale, Mortgage, or Grant to be made under the Provisions of the said Acts; and also where any such

Person or Persons shall be entitled under the Act: passed in the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty’s

Reign, on the Determination of any precedent Estate, to demand an Assignment of any Contraft for the

Redemption of Land Tax from the Person or Persons who shall have entered into the fame, his, her, or

their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, it shall be lawful for all and every such Person • or Persons,

either for the Purpose of reimbursing all Sums laid out in the Redemption of such Land Tax, or for the

Purpose of raising Money to purchase the Assignment of any Contraft from the Proprietor or Proprietor^

thereof, to carry into Execution all and every or any of the Powers by the said several Acts given in or-

der to raise Money by Mortgage for the Redemption of Land Tax, in such and the same Manner, and

under and subject to such and the same Rules, Restrictions, and Regulations in ail Respects, as such Person or

Persons would have been authorized by the said several Acts to carry into Execution the fame Powers for

2 ' the

Deeds enrolled

within fix

Months after

patting this Act

shall be valid.

Further Time

given to Per-

fons who have

in Contrail

declared an

Option to be

considered on

the Footing of

Persons not in-

tcrefted in the

Lands, to ap-

ply to the

Commissioners

for exonerating

the fame from

Land Tax :

[six Months

from Dec. *5,

1800, instead of

three Months

from March 25,

as under 39 Sc

40 Geo. 3.

c. 30. § 12.]

From what Pe-

riods the Lands

shall be exone-

rated from Tax.

39 &40 Geo. 3.

c. 30. § 11.

recited j and

where a Rever-

fion is vested in

a Mortgagee or

Trustve not in

the actual

Receipt of

the Rents re-

served, the

Persons in the

actual Receipt

of such Rents

may fell the

Fee Simple of

the Lands,

without preju-

dice to such

Mortgagee, Scc.

Persons re-

deeming thtir

Land Tax by

any other

Means than

Sale, Sec. or

entitled to an

Alignment

from Pure loaf-

ers, may raise,

Money by

Mortgrge, in

the f.mdHVay

a* Peiions au-

thor* zed to re-

deem 1 lie Tax

in the urst ln-

fUnce.

