254

Chamberlain to

lay an Account

before Pa'lia-

ment yeaily.

Application of

the Monies te

h? received by

the Wert India

Dock Company

under tins Ad.

• [&< §!$«•]

Penalty on

tinkers nvfap*

plying Monies.

For tl e Reco-

very ot iia]aru.cg

due from Har-

Iour jMasters,

ft;. dyin^ or

be conbrg

U-wikiu^ts.

C. lxix. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Commencement of every Session of Parliament, a true Statement of the Progress of the fame last mentioned

Works.

CLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Chamberlain of the said City of London shall yearly, after

the last mentioned Works shall be begun, lay before each House of Parliament, and also before the Lord

High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, a true Account of the Receipt

and Application of all Monies which shall be received by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and

their Successors, by virtue of this Act.

CLX. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, subscribed or

intended to be subscribed or contributed by the said -West India Dock Company, for their Capital or Joint

Stock, and all other. Monies which shall be hereafter subscribed by them, for increasing their Capital as

aforesaid, together with the several Sums of Money to he produced and received by and from, and raised

and borrowed upon the Credit of, the Rates and Duties granted or made payable to the said Company by

this Act, shall form and become one aggregate consolidated Fund ; and all the Monies which shall be sub-

feribed, collected, received, levied, Yaiied, and borrowed by the said Company, or by the said Directors,

by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall be applied and disposed of in the first Place in paying the

remaining equal Half Part* or Share of the Charges and Expences incident to and incurred in obtaining and

palTing this Act; and afterwards in paying and discharging the Confutation or Purchase Money, and

the other Costs and Charges incident to the purchasing and obtaining Conveyances of the Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall be purchased

for the Use of, and conveyed or vested in Trust for, the said West India Dock Company as aforesaid; arid

in the next Place, in paying the Interest of the Monies which shall be borrowed by the said Company upon

the Credit of the last mentioned Rates and Duties, if any shall be so borrowed, and the Interest or Dividends

upon the Principal Monies, which, for the Time being, shall be so subscribed by the Members of the said

Company, and actually paid as aforesaid, or upon their Capital or Joint Stock, and in paying such yearly or

other Sums of Money as are herein-before directed to be paid by the said West India Dock Company as and

for Compensations for Losses and Deficiencies of Tithes, Taxes, Sewer Rates, and other Rates and AfitfT-

mei.ts; and subject thereto, then in defraying the necessary Charges and Expences of making, completing,

maintaining and supporting, and attending, managing, and regulating, the said Docks, Basons, Cuts, Quays,

Wharfs, Warehouses, ahd other Works, which at e to be made and done by the said Directors in pursuance

of this Act, and of any such Extensions and Improvements of the fame respectively, as the said Directors

may, from Time to Time, think necessary ; and that the Residue or Surplus of such Monies shall, from

Time to Time, be applied in or towards the Re-payment of the Principal Monies, which shall be bor-

rowed by the said Company, upon the Credit of the Rates and Duties hereby granted to them, until all the

fame Principal Monies shall be repaid, and in or towards executing such of the other Purposes of this A ft as

are to be executed by the said Directors, or by and at the Charges of the West India Dock Company : And

when by the Means last mentioned or otherwise, the Principal Monies so tojbe borrowed by the said Com-

pany, shall be all repaid as aforesaid, then and in such Cafe the Rates and Duties by this Act granted to the

said Company, shall be lowered in the Manner herein-before directed, as far as the fame can, under the then

existing Circumstances, be done with Prudence and Safety.

“ Clerk of the Company to keep Accounts of Receipts and Disbursements. §161. The Dock Company’s

4t Works to be executed aS soon as possible, and a Statement of the Progress thereof to be laid before Par-

€i liament yearly. § 162. [See § 158 ] Directors to lay an Account before Parliament yearly. §*163.

44 Common Council empowered to appoint Committees to transaft Business under this Act. § 164. Per-

44 fons interested in Contracts, not eligible on such Committees. $ 165. Committees may employ and

44 contract with any fit Persons whether Freemen of London or not. § 166. Directions for giving Notice

44 of Contrails by such Committees. § 167. Power to the Common Council to appoint Clerks, Col-

44 lectors, Treassurers, a ’.d other Officers, taking Security; and to allow them Salaries. § 168. The Di-

44 rectors of the Dock Company empowered to appoint Clerks, Treasurers, and other Officers for the

44 Company, taking Security, and to allow them Salaries. § 169. Commissioners of Compensations to

44 appoint Clerks, OY. taking Security, and to allow them Salaries. § 170.”

CLXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Chamberlain of the said City of London, or other Officer

or Person aforesaid, shall, after Receipt of any of the Monies to arise and be received by virtue of this

Act, divert or misapply the fame, or any Part thereof, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this AS,

then and in every such Cafe, such Chamberlain or other Officer or Person aforesaid, so diverting or mif-

applying the said Money, shall forfeit Treble the Sum so misapplied, with full Coftsof Suit; which said For-

feitures thail or may be recovered by the Mayor and Commonaltyand Citizens of the City of London, or

their Successors, or by the Treasurer, Clerk, or Steward, for the Time being, of the said Company, or by

any of the Creditors of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or of their Successors, or of the said

Company, or by the Executors, Administr^tors, or Assigns, of any such Creditor or Creditors, as the Cafe

may be and require, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of

Record, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed;

and all such Forfeitures shall be applied for and towards the Purposes of this Act.

CLXXll. And be it further enacted, That if any Harbour Master, Dock Matter, Collector, or other Offi-

cer to be appointed in Execution of this Add, shall happen to die or become Bankrupt before he shall have

fully paid and satisfied all the Money oy him received by virtue and for any of the Purposes of this Act, then,

and in every such Cafe, the Executors or Administrators, or other legal Representative or Representafives

of such Haibour Matter, Dock Matter, Collector, or other Officer, or the Person or Persons possessing

8 his

