A.D.. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. cvii—cx.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the patting of this Act, there shall be paid to the

said Commissioners or to such Person as they shall appoint to receive the same, by the Matter or Com-

mander of every Ship or Vessel which is by this Act made subject to and chargeable with the said Rates of

Pilotage, (not being a Ship or Vessel in the Limestone Trade or carrying Manure only, of the Burthen of'

thirty Tons by Admeasurement,) and which shall enter the said Port, Harbour or River of Neath, the Duty

.of one Halfpenny per Ton, of every such Ship or Vessel respectively, according to the Admeasurement

thereof, to be ascertained as aforesaid; and by the Consignee or Receiver of the Cargo of every Ship or

Vessel laden with Limestone or Manure only, exceeding the Burthen of thirty Tons by Admeasurement*

\fo be ascertained as aforesaid, and by the Matter or Commander of every Ship or Vessel in the Coasting

Trade, not exceeding the Burthen of twenty Tons by Admeasurement, to be ascertained as aforesaid* ana

not laden with Limtftone or Manure, the Duty of one Farthing only per Ton of every such Shlf) or Vessel

respectively; and no Ship or Vessel which is by this Act made subject to and chargeable with the said Rates

of Pilotage, shall be permitted to clear at the Custom House at Neath aforesaid, until the said Duty shall

have been paid, and a Certificate thereof, under the Hand of the Clerk or such other Person as the said

Commissioners shall appoint as Receiver thereof, or a Receipt for the fame shall be produced and left in

the Custom House, and which shall be then filed, and which File shall be delivered to the said Commis-

lioners, and the said Officers and others interested therein, as often as they {hall require, and in Default

thereof, a 'ium not exceeding twenty Pounds shall be forfeited and paid by the Officer or Officers of the

Customs clearing such Ship or Vessel without the aforesaid Proof of Payment, and to be recovered, with

Cotts of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information* in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record it

Westminster, or in the Court of Great Sessions for the County of Glamorgan, or in any other Court of Re-

cord within the same, in which no Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed,

and in the T rial whereof any Inhabitant of the said Town of Neath (not otherwise disqualified or disabled by

Law) shall be admitted to give Evidence, and be deemed a competent Witness, which Penalty shall be ap-

plied for the Purposes of this Act; and in case any Matter or Commander of any Ship or Vessel in the

Goading Trade, not exceeding twenty Tons, or the Consignee or Receiver of the Cargo of any Ship or

Vessel carrying Limestone or Manure exceeding the Burthen of thirty Tons as aforesaid, shall not pay

such Duty of one Farthing per Ton, within three Days after Demand thereof, the fame shall or may be

levied and recovered in like Manner, and by the like Ways and Means as the said Rates of Pilotage,

Hobling, and Porterage, are by this Act authorized or directed to be levied and recovered.

XXaV. Provided always and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be con-

strued to extend^ to the taking away, abridging, or defeating, impeaching or interrupting any of the Jarif-

distions. Powers, Authorities, or Immunities, granted, given, and allowed by any Act cif Parliament,

Grant, or Charter, to the Matter, Wardens, and Aflistants of the Guild, Fraternity, or Brotherhood of the

Mott Glorious and Undivided Trinity, and of Saint Clement) in the Parish of Deptford Strond) in the County

of Kent*

[The other Provisions of this Act areftmilar to those it} Cap. x*. JurjfiO&ion is given to the JuJUccs of the

County of Glamorgan not interested.]

Cap. cvlii.

An Act for altering and amendin&an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reigft,

intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canalfrom the Town and County of the Town of

i Southampton, to the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, with a Collateral Branch to* Northam,

within the Liberties of the Town of Southampton. [9th July 1800.]

Cap. cix*

An Act for enabling the Horncqftle Navigation Company to raise a further Sum of Money to complete the

said Navigation, and for amending an Act, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Navigation. [9th July 1800.]

Cap. ex.

An Act for continuing, for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the Enfl of the then next Session of Par-

liament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, for opening* making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a’Road from Ratcliff Highway, through.

Cannon Street, in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of Essex, and also from

the Weft End of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Shadwell Street into the Back Lane, of*

the said County of ABddlesex. [9th July 1800.]

[The Acts 27 Geo. II. Cap. 40. and 5 Gee* III. Cap. 103. and this Act, to endure for ttoenty-one Years,

hiThe Terms of the former Acts co cease. The Directors of the fVtft India and London Dock Companies;

-added to the Trustees under, former Aft9-1

I Xr

Qsp

52&

Duty on Ship*

ping for the

Purposes of this

Ad.

Rights of the

Trinity House

prefer ved.

f 35-Geo. 3.

« 5*]

f jt Geo, 3,.

c. 107.].

