242

Penalty on tbt

Matter from

jo 1. to 5I.

Draw Bridges

and Swivel

Bridges to be

fattened, after

VeflVls shall

have patted,

under certain

Penalties.

For preventing

Obttructions

and Nuisance*

in the Port,

Canal, Docks,

Sec.

Penalties on

Personi ob-

truding the

Navigation,

or wantonly,

&c. opening

Lock Gates, Sec.

and letting off

Water, or fof-

tfering Vessels

to strike upon

Bridget or

Ltcka.

Vessels not to

land Goods in

the Docks, Ac.

at other Places

than Quays and

Landing Places,

on Penalty of

joo 1. and For-

feiture of Goods

liable to Duty.

To prevent

other Nuisances

in the Port,

Canal, Docks,

See.

C. lxix. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Commander, or Pilot, or other Person having the Care of such Ship or Vessel, shall for every such Offence

forfeit a Sum not .exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than five Pounds.

XCVL And be it further enacted, That if any Draw Bridge or Swivel Bridge shall be laid over or

across the said Canal, or any Cut, Trench, or Passage to be made by virtue of this Act, every Person open-

ing such Draw Bridge or Swivel Bridge shall and is hereby required, as soon as maybe after any such

Bridge shall be opened, to (hut and fallen the fame ; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully open any

such Draw Bridge or Swivel Bridge when no Ship or other Vessel is to pass the fame, so as to interrupt a

free Passage for Travellers, Cattle, or Carriages, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit

and pay any Sum not exeeding forty Shillings, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the

other Moiety shall be applied as herein after is directed ; and if any such Bridge shall be left open longer than

neceflTary for the Passage of any Ship or other Vessel as aforesaid, through the Negligence or Carelessness

of any Person belonging to such Ship or other Vessel, then the Master or Owners of such Ship or Vessel

shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall

go to the Informer, and the other be appropriated as herein after is directed ; but in case the fame shall

happen by the Neglect or Default of any Officer or Servant of the said Mayor and Commonalty and

Citizens, or of the said Company, such Officer or Servant shall forfeit and pay not exceeding the Sum of

forty Shillings, to be applied in like Manner.

XCVII. * And for the better making and preserving of a free and clear Entrance, Navigation, and

4 Passage into and within, and also a free and clear Pass age out of the Port of London, and the said Canal,

4 Docks, Basons and Cuts,’ be it further enacted, That no Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel of

any Description whatsoever, shall lie across in, or in any wise unnecessarily obstruct any of the Entrances qt

Passages into and within, or any of the Passages or Outlets from the said Port, or the said Canal, or any of

the said Docks, Basons, or Cuts, or be permitted to strike or run upon any of the Locks, Flood Gates, or

Bridges thereof; and that if any Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel entering, navigating, using,

lying, loading, or unloading upon the River Thames, within the said Port of London, or upon the said Canal,

or any of the said Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, shall be placed, or suffered to remain, in any

Part of the fame respectively, so as unnecessarily to obstruct the Navigation thereof, and the Master, Owneiv

or other Person having the Command or Direction of such Vessel; shall not immediately, upon Request

made, remove the feme, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, and also

a Sum not exceeding five Pounds, for every Hour of such Obstruction after such Requisition; and it shall

be lawful for the Harbour Master, Dock Master, or other proper Officer to be appointed in pursuance

and by virtue of this Act, to cause any such Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, to be removed in

such Manner and to such Place as shall be proper for preventing such Obstruction, or to be unloaded, if

necessary, and to seize or distrain, such Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, and the Lading

thereof, or any Part of such Lading, until the Charges occasioned by such Removal shall be paid; and if

any Person or Persons shall float, or raft, or place any Timber upon the said Canal, Docks, Basons, Cuts*

and Wharfe, or any of them, otherwise than as allowed by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in

Common Council assembled, or by the said Directors respectively, as the Cafe shall reauire, and on Pay-

ment of such Rates as may be agreeft and fixed upon, or shall fuft’er the Loading of any Boat or Barge, or

other Vessel, navigating in or upon any of the said Works, to be over the Side thereof, and shall not im-

mediately, when so required, remove such Obstruction, or if any Person shall wantonly, carelessly, or neg-

ligently open, or cause to be opened any Lock-gate, Paddles, Valve, or Clough, belonging to any Lock to

be erected on the said Works, or any of them, or wantonly and mifehievously flush or draw off, or cause to be

flufbed or drawn off. Water from the said Canal, or any of the said Docks, Basons, or Cuts, or shall fuffier

any Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, to strike or run upon any of the Bridges or Locks thereof,

every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding five

Pounds.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted. That no Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, shall land or

ship her Cargo, or any Part thereof, by the Sides or upon or along the Banks of any of the said Docks,

Basons, or Cuts, except such Quays, Wharfs, and landing Places, shall be made and assigned by the

said Directors for the loading and discharging, or landing and shipping of such Cargoes; upon pain of

forfeiting for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding one hundred Pounds, and uport pain of forfeiting

to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or auccessors, such of the Goods or Merchandize so landed or shipped, as

shall be liable to the Payment of any Duty to his Majesty on such landing or shipping, which Goods or

Merchandize may be seized accordingly, by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s Customs or Excise,

and disposed of according to Law.

XCIX. And be it further enacted. That if any Owner or Owners, Master or Commander, Seaman or

Servant of or belonging to any Ship or other Vessel, or any other Person or Persons whosoever, shall throw,

cast, or put away any Ballast, Earth, Dust, Ashes, Stones, or other Things, into or upon any of the Works

to be made in pursuance of this Act, to the Prejudice thereof, or into the River Thames, in any Place or

Places between London Bridge and the Mouth of the River Lea, or do any other Annoyance to the feme

respectively, or any Part thereof, and Complaint being made thereof, upon Oath, by any Harbour Master,

Dock Master, or other Officer, or any other Person, the fame shall be examined into and determined by any

one or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place wherein such Offence

shall be committed, and he or they is or are hereby authorized to impose upon the Offender or Offenders

such Fine or Fines, not exceeding ten Pounds, for each Offence, as they the said Justice or Justices shall

think reasonable; and m case of Non-payment thereof immediately after the feme shall be demanded, it

j 4 shall

