\

408 C. 80. Anno 390 & 40° Georgii III. A. D. 1800.

3cfly fm-ri fail

irg until V pu-

rity be yiven

with Ct.it.nn

Conditions.

If any such

Vtird null c?\ 1

before Security

be given it fh <11

fee forfeited,

and 20I. by the

Mailer and each

Manner on

board.

tion of the Principal Officer of the Customs, or the Chief Magistrate of the Port or Place from whence

such Boat or Veile! shall fail, by Bond taken by such Officer or Magistrate, to the King, his Heirs or

Successors, with sufficient Sureties in the Penalty of three hundred Pounds, with Condition that if such Boat

or Vellel (hull not go to or touch at any Country, Port, or Place to be mentioned for that Purpose in such

Proclamation ; and if neither the M after or other Person having Charge of such Boat or Veffiel, nor any Ma-

rker nr pjlienger in such Boat or Velio! shall, during the Time aforesaid, go on board any other Ship or Vef-

f<! at Sea ; and such Mallet or other Person having Charge of such Boat or Veffiel shall not permit or ttfffer

any Person or Persons to come on board such Boat or VdPl at Sea from any other Ship or Veffiel, and shall

not, during the Time aforesaid, receive any Goods and Merchandizes whatsoever out of any other Ship or

Vessel, then such Bond shall be void ; fur the making of which Bond no Fee or Reward whatsoever dial! be

taken; and in ca(e any Boat or Veil'd, for which such Security shall be required by such Proclamation,

shall let foil or pais out of any Port or Place of Great Britan/, or the 1 [lands of Guernsey, Jerjiy, Mlerny,

Sark, and Alan, or any of them respectively, before such Security be given as aforesaid, every such Boat or

Vcfid so failing or pafang out of any Pert or Place, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act,

tngeiher with her Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, shall be forfeited to his Majesty, his Heirs and SuccclT-

ors; and the Mafier of, and every Mariner failing in, any such Boat or Vefiel shall severally forfeit and pay

the Sum of twenty Pounds.

Pul lication In

the Gazette

or Proclamation

ot‘ any Order

shall be fufli-

oient Notice.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Publication in the London Gazette of any Order of Council

made in pursuance of this Act, or his Majesty’s Royal Proclamation made in pursuance of the fame, shall

be deemed and taken to be sufficient Notice to all Per Cons concerned, of all Matters therein respectively

contained.

Recovery and

Application of

Penaititi.

Persons autho-

rized to take

Examinations

may ad mi aider

Oath.*,

Penalty of Per-

jury, &c. on

Persons swear-

ing falsely, or

procuring

others to do so.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, Tint all Forfeitures and Penalties aforesaid, that shall be incurred by

any Offence committed a gain ft any Part of this Act, (halland may be recovered by Suit in any of his \h-

jc fly’s Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Effo'gn, Wager of Law, or more than one Impar-

lance shall be granted, or in Scotland by summary Action in the Court of Session, or by Prosecution before

the Court of Julliciary there, or by Suit in any of his Majesty’s Courts in the lflandsot Guernjry, Jerftj,

/Udcrney, Sark, or Man, by or by Information before any two Justices of the Peace of (he County, Riding,

Division, City, or Place where the Offence was committed, and may be levied of the Offender’s Goods and

Chattels, and if he fh ill not have Goods and Chattels equal in Value to the Amount of such Forfeiture or

Penalty, then such Offender shall be committed to Gaol till Payment thereof; and every such Forfeiture and

Penalty shall belong and be given, one Moiety to the Person who shall Cue for the fame, and the other

Moiety to his Majesty, his Heirs and Sucgeffors, to be applied towards defraying the Expences of erecting

and maintaining the Lazaret as aforesaid.

XXXII. And 1* it further enabled, That in all Cafe's wherein, by or by virtue and in pursuance of any of

the Provisions of this Act, any Examinations or Answers shall be directed to be taken or made upon Oath,

the Person w ho shall by or by virtue of the fame be authorized and required to take such Examinations anJ

Answers, shall and shall be deemed to have full Power and Authority to administer such Oath ; and if any

Person who shall be so interrogated or examined, shall wilfully fyyear falsely to any Matter concerning which

such Person shall depose, or make Oath on such Examination, or if any Person iliail procure any other Per-

son so to do, he or she shall be deemed to have been guilty of, and shall be liable to be prosecuted for wilful

and corrupt Perjury, or Subornation of wilful and corrupt Perjury, as the Cafe may be, and shall suffer the

Penalties of the Law in such Cafes respectivtly made and provided.

Offences, not

felonious,

against this Act

or any Order of

Council, may

be tried he,ore

two Justices,

who may tine

or inmrifun the

Offender.

Ap;li cation of

Penalty.

No Attainder of

Felony Dull

work Con of-

tion ol blood,

ice.

Offences com-

mitted upon

the High Seas

may be piofc-

cuted within

XXXIII. And be it further enafltd, That all Offences committed against any of the Provisions of this

Ac!, (not being Felony,) and every Offence or Disobedience to any Order of Council made for better car-

jying into Execution this Ac!, for which no fpccif.c Penalty, Forfeiture, or Punishment is provided by this

Ac!, fhcll and may be tried, heard, and determined before any two Justices of the Peace of the County,

Riding, Division, City, or Place where such Offence or Disobedience shall happen; and if any Peifonshall

be convicted of any such Offence or Disobedience, he or (lie shall be liable to such Forfeiture and Penalty,

not exceeding the Sum of fifty Pounds for anyone Offence, or to such Imprisonment, not exceeding three

Months for any one Offence, as shall in the Discretion of the two Justices who (hull have heard and deter-

mined the fame, be judged proper; and such Forfeiture and Penalty shall be paid, one Moiety to the Per-

son suing for the fame, ?nd the other to his Majesty, to be applied as the Moieties of other Forfeitures and

Penalties arc herein-before directed to be applied.

XXXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no Attainder of Felony by virtue of this Act

(lull beextended to work any Corruption of Blood, or Forfeiture o( any Goods, Chattels, Lands,* Tene-

ments, or Hereditaments.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Offences committed upon the High Seas against this Act, or

against any Order of Council made for carrying this Ac! into Execution, shall be deemed to be done within

the Body of the County nearest to the Place where such Offence was committed, and shall and may be pro-

fecuted within such County.

the neared County.

Defendants

may plead the

CjwIic: J JUTuc,

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person

or Persons for any 'Filing done in pursuance and Execution of this present Act, or of any Order of Council

5 made

* r

