584

3*Gco. 3. c.37.

3^Gco. 3. c. 50,

and 3S Geo. 3.

c. 39.

'The Goods

herein enume-

rated ma^be

imported into

the Port of Am-

fterdam in Cu-

r v*o» and may

be exported

from thence,

with any of the

Goods mention-

ed in Ua. recited

A cl s.

3i Gc. 3. c.4.

gSGeo. 3. c, 50.

and 77.

'Continued.

'tJV.drcfitd

}!emp the Pro-

duce of the

Countries with-

in the exclusive

Trade of the

F.aft India Com-

pany, may be

imported as any

other Goods free

Mom Duty.

,23—25. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

1 of Wood for Dyers Use, Hides, Skins, and Tallow, Beaver and all Sorts of Furs, Tortoise Shell, Hard-

‘ wood, or Mill Timber, Mahogany, and all other Goods for Cabinet Ware, Horses, Afies, Mules, and

Cattle, being the Growth and Production of any of the Colonies or Plantations in America, belonging to

i or under the Dominion of any Foreign European Sovereign or State, and all Coin and Bullion, Diamonds,

4 or precious Stones, may be imported from any of the said Colonies or Plantations into the several Portsof

4 Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, Santa Lucea, and Antonio, in the I (land of Jamaica, the Port

4 of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, the Port of Nnjfau

in the Island of Nov Providence one of the Bahama Islands^ and the Port of Saint John's in the Ilian; of

4 Antigua, in any Foreign Sloop, Schooner, or other Vessel whatever, not having more than one Deck, and

owned and navigated in the Manner therein prescribed, and, together with other Goods and Commodities

4 mentioned in the said Acts, may be exported from thence under certain Regulations and Re frictions:

4 And whereas it is expedient to permit the Goods and Commodities herein-before enumerated, to be in like

4 Manner imported into the Port of Amjierdatn in the Island of Curafao> and, together with such other Goods

and Commodities, to be in like Manner exported from thence \ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the

patting of this Act, all the Goods and Commodities herein-before enumerated and described, shall and may

be imported into the Port of Amsterdam in the Island of Curasao in the like Foreign Ships and Vessels, and,

together with such other Goods and Commodities mentioned in the said Acts or any of them, be exported

from thence to such.Part of his Majesty’s Dominions to which the Exportation of the fame is permitted

by any of the said Acts, under the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, and subject to the like Penal-

ties and Forfeitures for Breach thereof, to be recovered and applied in the Alanner in the said Acts or any

of them mentioned and contained.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for continuing, until six Months after the Conclusion of a general Peace, three

Acts, made in the thirty-third and thirty-eighth Tears of his present Majesty’s Reign,

for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or refidcot

therein, in certain Cafes. [31ft December 1800.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,inti-

4 tuled, An Act for establishing Reguhtions respect'tng Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or refiial

4 thereinr in certain Cafes, which was to be in force until the first Day of January one thousand seven

4 hundred and ninety-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament \ and which

4 by several subsequent Acts was continued until the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and

4 ninety-nine: And whereas by two Acts, made in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

4 jesty, the said Act was amended, and further continued until the first Day of August one thousand eight

4 hundred, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; And whereas the said Acts»

4 made in the thirty-third and thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, have been found

1 useful and expedient ;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad-

vice and Consent of the Lords spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament allera-

bled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the said Acts, made in the thirty-third and thirty-eigtoh

Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and all the Powers and Provisions therein contained, shall be,

and the fame are hereby further continued until six Months after the Conclusion of general Peace.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for allowing the Importation of undreflfed Hemp, from any of the Countries that

lie within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the East India Company, free of Duty.

[31ft December 1800.]

4 IT/HEREAS it is expedient that the Importation of undressed Hemp, or any other vegetable Sub-

stance of the Nature and Quality of undressed Hemp, and applicable to the fame Purposes, being

of the Growth or Production of any of the Countries within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the1

4 East India Company, should be encouraged be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-

liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of January one

thousand eight hundred and one, all undressed Hemp, or any other vegetable Substance of the Nature and

Quality of undressed Hemp, and applicable to the fame Purposes, being of the Growth or Production of any

of the Countries within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the East India Company, may be imported

into this Kingdom, in the same Manner, and under the like Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as any

other Goods or Commodities, the Produce of the said Countries, may now by Law be imported, without

being subject or liable to any Duty whatever; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwith(UfxKp{p

