The TITLES of

31. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, War-

rens or reputed Warrens, Commons, Heaths, Common-

able Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of

Hevingham and Marfloam, in the County of Norfolk \

and for extinguishing all Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage,

and Common, in, over, and upon all the Lands and

Grounds within the said Parishes.

3 1. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Com-

mons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Bromsgrove^

in the County of Worcester.

33. An Act to dirtblve the Marriage of JVilli am Henry

Ricketts Esquire, with the Right Honourable Lady Eli-

zabeth 'Jane Lambart,^\\A to enable him to marry again ;

and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

34. An Act for naturalizing John Gabriel Migault.

35. An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Humbert.

36. An Act for naturalizing Charles Henry Rignud.

37. An Act for naturalizing Francis Henry Chrijiin.

38. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the Lands and Ba-

rony of Craigiehally lying in the County of Linlithgow,

and comprised in the Deed of Entail executed by the de-

ceased Sophia Marchioness of Ann an dale, with Consent of

William Marquis of Annandale, her Hulbmd, upon the

thirty-first July one thousand seven hundred and eight;

and also for vesting certain Parts and Parcels of the Lands

and Barony of Leny, lying in the County of Edinburgh,

and comprised in aDifpolition and Deed of Entail there-

of, dated the third November one thousand seven hundred

and forty six, granted by Sir Robert Myrton. of Gogar,

Baronet, with Consent therein mentioned in Trustees, in

Trust, to fell or exchange the fame, and invert the-

Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase or Ex-

change of other Lands to be settled and secured to the

fame Scries of Heirs, and under the fame Conditions and

Limitations as are contained in the aforesaid Deeds of

Entail; and for vesting in William Hope JVeir Esquire,

of Craigiehall and Blackwood, and the fame Series of

Heirs, in Fee Tail, certain other Parts of the said Lands,

Baronies, and others.

39. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Meadows, Partures. Downs,

Wartes, and other Commonable Lands, within the feve-

ral Hamlets or Tithings of Herrington, Broad Campdeny

and IVeJlingtoti, in the Parish of Chipping Campdcn, in the

County of Gloucester.

40. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain

Tract or Piece of Commonable Land called Leigh Com-

mon, situate in the Tything of Leigh, in the Parish of

Tttminster, in the County of Do Jet.

41. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain

Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being

within the Manor and Parish of Clevedon, in the County

of Sc me Jet.

42. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole

Year Lands Fen Lands, Heaths, Commons, and Waite

G rounds within the Parish of Kcuing bally in the County

of Norfolk.

43. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Lam-

mas Meadows, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste

Lands, within the Parishes of Brejjbi{ham and Ferfieldy

in the County of Norfolk,*^ for extinguishing all Rights

of Common, Sheepwalk, and Shackage, in, over, mid upon,

all the Lands and Grounds within the said Pandits.

44. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

Common h iel is. Common Downs, and ail Commonable

Places and Waste Lands, in the Panih of Eajhn, in the

County of Southampton.

the STATUTES,

45. An Act to amend, and render more efTcctual, the Power

of Exchange in an Act, passed in the thirty-seventh Year of

His present M Jetty's Reign, intituled, An Act for divid-

ing and enclosing the Open and Common FieUhy ALeadcws,

Pajlures, IVaJie Lands, and other Commonable Lands and

Grounds, in the Parish of Southill, in the County of.

Bedford.

46. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-

mon Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the

Parirti of Great Ellingham, in the County of Norfolk.

47. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common

Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds,

within the Parish and Manor of Horton, in the County of

Buckingham.

48. An Act to dirtblve the Marriage of the Most Honour- '

able John James Marquis of Abercomy with the Most:

Honourable Cecil Hamilton his now Wife, and to enable

him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

49. An Act to dirtblve the Marriage of John Stanton with

Sarah Wright, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry

again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

50. An Act for naturalizing Catherine Nassau.

51. An Act for naturalizing Henry von dem Bufch.

52. An Act for naturalizing Diedcrick Arnold Bielfcld.

53. An Act for naturalizing Henry Berthoud.

54. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain

Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within

the Manors of For field, Bromhill, Bellbroughtoiiy and Brians

Belly in the Parish of Bellbroughtoiiy in the County of

Worcester.

53. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-

mons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the

Parish of Rowley Regis, in the County of Stafford.

56. An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in

the County of Bucksy entailed by the Will of John late

Duke of Bedford in Francis Duke of Bedford, in Fee

Simple, and for settling other Estates in the said County

of greater Value in lieu thereof.

37. An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of Robert

Clutterbuck Esquire, in Trustees, to be so’d, and for ap-

plying Part of the Money arising therefrom, under the

Direction of the Court of Chancery, in Manner, and for

the Purposes therein mentioned, and for laying out the

Residue in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in

lieu thereof, and to the same Uses.

58. An Act for confirming, and rendering effectual, a

Partition between Lewis John Marie Hauffoullier Ef-

quire, and Tryphena Trift Spinster, an Infant, of divers

Manors, Boroughs, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the

County of Devon.

59. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of

Session in Scotland to fell such Part or Parts of the Estate

of Machermore, in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, which

belonged to Patrick Dunbar, late of Machermore, Esquire*

as shall be sufficientfor Payment of the Debts of the said

Patrick Dunbar, and his Predecertbrs, and the Sums

with which he charged the said Estate.

60. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the

Liberties and Precincts of Greens Norton, and Hamlet of

Durcott, in the Parish of Greens Nortony in the County of

Northampton.

61. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

Fields, Meadows, Downs, Marshes, Commonable Lands*

6 and

I

