A.D. 1800.

Anno 390 & 40* Georgii III.

C. 51.

84i

appropriated, and applied, in such and the like Manner,' and in and by fhelike Ways, Means, or Methods, cited Act, in

as the Duties of Customs impoled on Goods imported im > this Kingdom, and which are subject to Duty the Cafe of

according to the Value thereof*, are by the said recited Act managed, raised, levied, collected, anfymed,

paid, secured, recovered, appropriated, and applied. valorem*

[&<r 38 Geo. 3. c. 76. § 16—23.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That this A& shall have Continuance with respect to the said Duty im-

posed on Opium during fuen Time as the said recited Act shall remain in so» ce, and no longer.

VIL 4 And whereas it is expedient that the Duties payable on the Importation of Oil of Turpentine

4 should be repealed, and new Duties imposed in lieu thereof, except so much of the said Duties as are pay-

4 able by virtue of the hud Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty / be it

therefore enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred, the Duties now

payable by Law on the Importation of Oil of Turpentine, except so much of the said Duties as are pay-

able by virtue of the said recited Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

shall be, and the fame are hereby repealed : (save and except in all Cafes relating to the recovering or paying

any Arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, relating thereto,

which shall have been incurred at any Time before the passing of this Act).

V III. And be it further enacted. That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred,

in lieu and instead of the said Duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, jn ready Money, without any Discount whatever, upon the Importa-

tion of Oil of Turpentine into this Kingdom, a Duty of Customs of Two-pence Halfpenny the Pound

Weight, and so in Proportion for any greater or k fs Quantity.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties upon Oil of Turpentine shall be subject and liable

to the additional Duty of five Pounds t>sr Centum thereon, payable upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize

imported, by virtue of an Act, passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for

granting to his Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into,

exported from, or brought and carried Coastwise within Great Britain, and for other Purposes ; and shall

also be fu'ojed and liable to the further additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum thereon, payable upon

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported by virtue of another AcV, passed in the thirty seventh Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting to his Majesty additional Duties of Customs on Goods,

Wares, and Metchandize imported into, exported from, or carried Coastwise in this Kingdom, and for

other Purposes.

X. 4 And whereas it is expedient that the Duties payable on the Importation, and the Drawbacks al-

c lowed on the Exportation of Tar, should be repealed, except so much of the said Duties as are payable

4 by virtue of the said Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and that

* new Duties should be imposed, and Drawbacks allowed in lieu thereof*/ be it therefore enabled, That,

from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred, the Duties now payable by Law on the

Importation of Tar, except so much of the said Duties as are payable by virtue of the said recited Act,

passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall be, and the fame are hereby re-

pealed, and the Drawbacks now allowed by Law, on the Exportation of Tar, shall be, and the fame are

hereby repealed : (save and except in all Cafes relating to the recovering, .paying, or allowing, any Arrears

thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, relating thereto, which shall have

been incurred at any T ime before the pa fling of this A cl).

XI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred,

in lieu and instead of the said Duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid

unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Succdiors, in ready Money, without any Discount whatever,

upon the Importation of Tar, the following Duties of Customs, and foin Proportion for any greater;or less

Quantity ; and on the Exportation of such Tar to foreign Parts there shall be allowed the following Draw-

backs, and so in Proportion for any greater or left Quantity j that is to say.

Co rinuance of

the Duty.

From July 5,

1800, the Im-

port Duties on

Oil of Turpen-

tine, except

those payable

under recited

Act, repealed

and instead

thereof a Duty

of 2d. iq. per

lb. shall be paid.

The new Duties

on Oil of Tur-

pentine shall be

subject to the

additional Duty

of -5I. per Cent,

and 5I. per

Cent, granted

by 37 Geo. 3.

c. 15. and 37

Geo. 3. c. no•

From July 5,

1800*the Du-

ties payable on

Tar imported*

and the Draw-

backs allowed

on Exportation,

(except those

payable and al-

lowed under 38

Geo. 3. c. 36.)

repealed j

and instead

thereof the fol-

lowi shall be

paid and allow*

ed.

Duties. Drawbacks.

£■ s. d.

0 9. 4 '4~ 00 O

O O O 00 0

083 073

Tar, not being the ProdudI of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the

Crown of Great Britain, videlicet, imported in a British-built Ship, the Last con-

taining twelve Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding thirty-one Gallons and a Half

Tar imported in a foreign Ship, the Last containing twelve Barrels, each Barrel not

exceeding thirty-one Gallons and a Haif -

Tar of the ProdudI o( any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of Great

Britain, the Last containing twelve Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding thirty-one

Gallons and a Half -

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties upon Tar shall be subjeef and liable to the additional

Duty of five Pounds per Centum thereon, payable upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported by

virtue of an Act,. passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting to his

Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into, exported from, or

brought and carried Coastwise within Great Britain, and for other Purposes ; and shall also be subject and

liable to the further additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum thereon, payable upon Goods, Wares, and

Merchandize imported by virtue of another Act, passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, for granting to his Majesty additional Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares, and

15 Merchandize

Drawbacks.

The Duties on

Tar shall be

subject to the

additional Duty

ol* 5I. ptr Cent,

and 5I. per

Cent, granted

by 37 Geo. 3.

c. lj. |nd 37

Geo. 3* c. no*

