A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. lxix. 241

landed from such Ship,or Vessel, in any other Place or Places in or near the Port of London, than the said orderanddirrtt.

Quays or Wharfs within the said Dock or Docks, then, and in every such Cafe, the Goods, Wares, and under Forfeiture

.Merchandize so to be landed, shall be forfeited to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and shall or may pjfnr^ty,a"n '

be lawfully seized accordingly by any of the Officers of his Majesty’s Customs or Excise, and disposed of owners of the

according to Law, and the Owner or Owners, or Matter of any such Ship or Vessel, shall, for every such Ship.

Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is

mentioned; and after all the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, of the Growth or Produce of the Weft

Indies, on board of such Ships respectively arriving in any of the said Docks from any other Part or Parts

than the West Indies, shall be unshipped in any of the said Docks as aforesaid, and the proportionate Duty

of six Shillings and eight Pence per Ton, herein-after made payable in respetfl thereof, shall be paid, such

Ships shall be forthwith permitted to go into the River Thames, to discharge the Remainder of their respec-

tive" Cargoes.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That, for and during the Term of twenty-one Years, commencing ojtwardj'ound

from and next ensuing the Time when the said Docks, Quays or Wharfs, and Warehouses, shall be ready WefHndiaSiijp*

for the Reception of Ships and Goods, all such of the Ships and Vessels belonging to or frequenting the ^0^0^ in the

Port of London as shall be used in the West India Trade, shall, when and so often as the fame shall be out- River below the

ward bound to the West Indies, ship or take in all their respective Cargoes, and be loaded, either in some or Entrance imo

one of the said Docks, or in such Part of the River Thames as shall be below the Entrance into the said Canal, the Canai at

at Blackmail aforesaid; and if any such Ship or Vessel, being so outward bound to the West Indies, shall ship. £,ack.wa, J’on ,

or take in any Part of her Cargo in the said Port or River elsewhere than in some or one of the said Docks 1 ena 0 100

or than below the Entrance into the said Canal at Blackmail, then and in every such Cafe the Owner or

Owners, or Matter of such Ship or Vessel, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one

hundred Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is mentioned: Provided nevertheless, T hat Except in case

every or any such Ship or Vessel, when engaged to take on board Naval Stores at the King’s Dock Yard or avaJ St°rcs

Victualling Office at Deptford, for his Majesty’s Service, shall be permitted foto do. on producing to the ^Deptford 0

Dock Matter or his known Assistance, a Certificate of such Ship or Vessel being so engaged, under the

Hand or Hands of any one or more of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy or Victualling, who are

hereby authorized and required to grant such Certificates for that Purpose.

XCII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared. That the said Harbour Matters and Dock Matters HarbourMaftiri

so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, in executing the Powers hereby given to them respectively, always and OotkMaf.

observe, comply with, and use, their best Endeavours to enforce the Regulations and Directions contained tcr*to ^fcrvc

in the AS of Parliament of the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Chapter the fifty- ccrtJun ircc*

eighth, for preventing Vessels which shall have come from or shall be bound to any foreign Parts, from

being removed out of the Stream in the said Port with Goods on board, except to the lawful Quays; and

also the Regulations and Directions contained in the Act of Parliament of the twenty-ninth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, Chapter the sixty-eighth, for mooring Ships, and importing Tobacco at

such Place in the said Port as the Commissioners of the Customs shall appoint, so far as the fame Regula-

tions and Directions in the two last-mentioned ACis of Parliament respectively shall not obstruttt, molest,

or interfere with, the free Use and Enjoyment of the said Docks and Canal, and the Basons, Cuts, and

other Works which shall belong thereto respectively, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this

Ad.

XCII I. And be it further enaSed, "Hiat if any Harbour Matter, Dock Matter, Lock Keeper, Whar- Harbour and

finger, or other Officer to be appointed in pursuance and by virtue of this Act, shall give undue Preference ^ock Matters,

to, or in any Manner unneceliaiily retard or obstruct any Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, Lock KcePtr«*

patting into or out of the said Port or Docks, or from one Station to another therein, or through any Lock fCfer°

or Flood-Gate upon the said Canal, or any of the said intruded Basons, Cuts, or other Works, or in load- ence/on Penalty

ing or unloading any Goods or other* Things, at a_r*y of the Wharfs, Weigh Beams, Cranes, or other not exceeding

Machines, which shall belong to the said Mayor ?.7id Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, or to

the said IVft India Dock Company, by virtue of this Act, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a

Sum not exceeding ten Pounds.

XCIV. And be it further enaCku, That, from and after the said Canal, Docks, Basons, and Cuts, or Fcr regulating

tions in 19 G.

c. 58. 6c 29 G. 3.

c. 68.

any of them, shall befo far completed as to admit Ships, Vessels,

Vessel shall lie at either of the Mooring Tiers in the River T

;, or Craft to enter therein, no Ship or other ^ mrounds

.* . .. . . 9 . - . Af 1/r (T# L*

Mooring Tiers in the River Thames, immediately above or below the En-

trance or respective Entrances into the lame Canal, Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, Cut or Cuts, but

those only which Sre intended to go into, or within twelve Hours last past shall have come out of the said

Canal, or any of such Docks, Batons, or Cuts; and that every Matter and Pilot, and all and every other

Pgrion& and Person having the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel lying at the 1 aid Tiers, shall

remove therefrom such Ship or Vessel under his or their Command, whenever so required by the said Har-

bour Matter or Harbour Matters, Dock Matter or Dock Matters, his or their Aflittantor Aflittarus, by an

Order, left with some Person or Persons on board the said Ship or Vessel, in Writing for that Purpose, with-

in twelve Hours after each Notice for Removal, under the Penalty of a Sum not exceeding ten Pounds,

nor less than five Pounds, for every twenty-four Hours any such Ship or Vessel shall remain at either of the

said Tiers, after the Time limited by such Notice left in Writing.

XCV. And, for the Security and Preservation of the said Works, be it further enacted, That before

any Ship or other Vessel shall enter or pass into the said Canal, Docks, Basons, and Cuts, or any of them,

such Ship or Vessel shall have her Sails lowered, so that (he may not enter into or navigate in any of the

said Works under Sail; and in case any Ship or Vessel shall so enter or navigate under bail, every Matter,

39 GhO. Ill* i i Commander,

of Vi fills mar

the Knn anc«^>

into tht Can.if,

1XkK>, Bsfoiu,

iinJ Cuts.

No VtiTrl to

enter into or

navigate in the

Works, uniter

Sail, umtir

