A.D, 1800* Anno 39® 8c 40* Georgii III.

C. 92.

441

five Years which the Cferk of the House of Commons is herein required to have held his Office, before he

shall be entitled to have and receive of the kid Commissioners the said Sum of three thousand five hundred

Pounds; any Tiling herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstandir^g.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted. That if the Clerk Assistant who shall be in Possession of that

Office at the Expiration of the said Letters Patent, shall continue in such Office after the Expiration of the

said Letters Patent, or foall then or at any Time thereafter be appointed Clerk of the House of Commons,

the Amount of his Salary or Allowance agreeably to the Provisions hereinbefore contained, shall be efti-

mated according to(h\* whole Number of Years, as well before as after the Expiration of the said Letters

Patent, during which he shall in any of the said Cafes have held the said Office ; any Thing herein con-

tained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

If the Clerk

Afiistant shall

continue in

Office after the

Expiration of

Letters Patent,

the Amount of

his Salary shall

Be efttmated according to the whole Number of Years he had held the Office.

IV. AncTbe it furtherenaSed, That the fiid Commissioners shall, and they are also hereby further autho-

rised and directed from and after the Expiration of the Interest of the said Edward Coleman in the said Of-

fice of Serjeant at Arms, to pay to the Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons for the Time

being, the nett annual Sum of two thousand three hundred Pounds, which said Sum of two thousand three

hundred Pounds shall be taken and accepted by the said Serjeant at Arms for the Time being, in full Satis-

faction and Discharge of all Fees, Perquisitest and Emoluments to which he might or could have beep en-

titled, or which he may have been accustomed to receive, by virtue or in respeSof his said Office, previous

to the passing of this A &; any Form, Practice, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding : Provided al-

ways, That ii> case the said Serjeant at Arms for the Time being shall have or employ any Deputy, he

{hall make an Allowance to such Deputy, at the Rate of not lets than three hundred Pounds per Annum,\

out of the said Sum of two thousand three hundred Pounds; but if he (halV not have or employ any such De-

puty, he shall account tq the said Commissiorters for the said Sum of three hundred Pounds per Annum, or

iuen Part thereof as (lull not have been paid to such Deputy in any one Year.

V. And be it further enacted. That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and

required to prepare and lay before the House of Commons, within the first: twenty fitting Days after the

Expiration of the said Letters Patent, and fowithin twenty fitting Days^after the Commencement of every

subsequent Session of Parliament, a-Plan of the Manner in which the fefidue (if any, or so much thereof as

to them shall seem sufficient for the Purposes herein-after mentioned) of the Monies so to be by them re-

ceived^ or which it shall appear to them. From an Average of the three preceding Years, will probably be

received by them, shall be applied and disposed of towards making a more certain and regular rroyifion for

the Support of such Officers in the Departments of the Speaker of the House of Commons, and of the

Clerk of the said House, and Serjeant ?t Arms, as may from casual Circumstances appear to reouire the

feme, and for affording Relief to such Persons belonging to, or who mat have belonged to the said Depart-

ments, and who may have been disabled by Age or Infirmity from the Discharge of their rtlpedive Duties,

which said Elan shall be binding and conclusive on the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized

and directed to carry the fame intt>Effect, unless the said House, within twenty fitting Days after the said

Plan shall have been so laid before them, shall have otherwise ordered and directed ; and then and in such

Cafe, with such Variations as shall have been so made therein, and so from3 Time to Time as often as such

Plan shall as above required be laid before the House,

VI. And be it further enacted. That the said Commissioners shall prepare and lay before the House of

Commons, within twenty fitting Day?after the Commencement of every Sessionof Parliament, an Account

of the Monies so received by them, by virtue of this Act, and of the Manner in which the fame shall have

been applied and disposed of; and that in case it shall appear from the said Account that there is in the Hands

of the said Commissioners a Surplus remaining, after carrying into Effect the Plan or Orders herein-before

mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for the said House to direct such a Disposition to be made thereof, as

to them shall appear most proper towards providing, in case the House shall fee fit, a Remuneration for the

Person or Persons by whom the Duties of Chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means shall have been

discharged during the then Session of Parliament, and for the better Support of Persons belonging to any of

the Departments herein-before mentioned, those Persons belonging thereto excepted, whose Salaries may

have been or may be fixed by the Authority of Parliament, and so in such Cafe, from Time to Time, in

every subsequent Session of Parliament, as Circumstances shall admit of and require.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That nothing herein contained shall be taken or

construed toprevent the said Commissioners, upon the Expiration either of the said Letters Patent granted

to the said John Hatfell and John Ley Esquires, or of the said Letters Patent granted to the said Edward

Coleman Esquire, whichever may first happen, from carrying the Purposes of this A& into Execution, as

far as the Nature of the respective Cafes will admit; and that thereupon all Fees, Perquisites, and Emo-

luments’which would have been due and payable to such of the said Officers, whose Patents or Patent

shall havefo expired, shall be paid into the Hands of the said Commissioners in the Manner hereiorbefure

directed.

Salary to he

paid the Ser-

jeant'at

and hi»£fc-

puty, &c.«

A Plan of the

Manner of ap-

plying the Re*

fidueof the

Money received

by the Commis-

sioners, for the

Support of

such Officers

as appear to re-

quire the fame*

shall be laid

before Parlia-

ment by the

Commiftioacrf

from Time to ’

Time.

A* Account of

the Money re-

ceived and dif-‘

bursed under

this A& shall

be laid before

the House of

Commons an-

nually, who

may dire£ the

Application of

the Balance.

On Expiration

of either of the

recited Letters

Parent, the

Cotnmiffibner-s

may oarry this

Act into Exe-

cution, £cc.

CAP.

