448

Terrors who

have printed

any Taper* un-

der the Au-

thority of Com-

millioners of

Pull.ck Boards,

dr who have

published them,

or (had hereaf-

ter pubiifli any

Paper so printed

beiore the paf-

sing of this A&,

C. 95“i-97« Anno 390 & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Co:dent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the* Authority of the same. That every Person who shall, before the pa fling of this Act, have printed any

Paper whatsoever, by Order or under the Authority of any such Commissioners or Head Officers as dforesaid,

or shall have i*ublished or dispersed, or assisted in puMUhing ordifperfing, or shall hereafter publish or dif-

perfe, or afiift in publishing or dispersing, any Paper whatsoever that shall have been piinted before the paf-

sing of this Act, by Order or under the Authority of any such Commissioners or Head Officers as afore-

said, shall be and is hereby declared to be freed and discharged of and from all Suits, Informations, Profc-

cutions. Judgements, Fines, rnd Penalties whatsoever, commenced,.prosecuted, adjudged, or incurred, or

which may be commerced, prosecuted, adjudged, or incurred, for or by Reason of any Offence alleged to

have been committed ngiinft the said recited Act, by Occasion of such printing, publishing, or difpcrh g,

or of assisting in pubiiihing or dispersing any such Paper as aforesaid, as fully, freely, and effectually, as if

the fame had been printed according to tde Provisions of the said Act.

thall be indemnified from any PenaJtics incurred by Reason of any Offence against tlit recited A8,

* c. 49. [.§ 7 J

CAP. XCVJ.

An Act for explaining and amending so much of an Act, passed in the present Session

of Parliament, relating to the Duties on Income, as rdpefts the Delivery of the State-

ments to the Commercial Commissioners of London9 under the Amount of Twenty

Pounds. [.2.6 th July 1800.]

* I ¥/HERE AS by an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament *, intituled, An Act for the better

4 VV ascertaining and co Heeling the Duties granted by thefever a I Acts paJJ'ed in the last Session of Parliament

4 relating to the Duties on Income, and to explain ana amend the said Acts,&iC Commercial Commissioners for the

4 City of London and its Vicinity are restrained from assessing Persons whose Contribution, in respectofln-

t4 come arising from Trade or Manufacture, shall not amount to the Sum of twenty Pounds: And whereas

4 it is expedient to allow Persons whose Contributions in the preceding Year shall have amounted to

* twenty Pounds to be assessed by the said Commissioners, although the Contribution returned in the State-

4 ment delivered or to be delivered by them respectively for the succeedingYear may not amount to that Sum:*

M-ay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s mpft Excel-

lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this preltnt Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That any Person carrying on Trade

or Manufacture within the District of the said Commissioners, or any Number of Persons carrying an

Trade or Manufacture there in Partnership together, whose Contribution in respect of Income arising from

such Trade or Manufacture, whether separate or joint, returned in the Statement delivered in by him,

her, or them in any preceding Year to the said Commissioners, shall have amounted to the said Sum of

twenty Pounds or upwards, shall be entitled to be assessed in every subsequent Year by the said Commis-

fioneFS, although in such subsequent Year the Contribution of any such Person or Persons, whether separate

or joint, as arising from such Partnership, returned in his, her, or their Statement, may not amount to the

said Sum of twenty Pounds; any Thing contained in the said recited Act, or any other Act relating to the

said Duties on Income, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XCVII.

An Act to incorporate certain Persons by the Name of The London Company for the Mi•

nufafturt of Flour, Meal, and Bread, for a limited Time. [28th July 1800.]]

4 ¥WHEREAS the Establishment of a Manufactory for Flour, Meal, and Bread, in London, or its

* W Neighbourhood, would be of considerable Benefit and Utility, and would greatly tend to insure

4 to the Metropolis, and its Neighbourhood, a more regular Supply of Flour, Meal, and Bread atrea-

4 sonable Prices: And whereas such Manufactory cannot be advantageously established and carried on, un-

4 less a considerable Joint Stock is raised for that Purpose : And whereas the several Persons herein-after

4 named, and very many other Persons, have already agreed to become Subscribers thereto: And whereas

4 it is expedient, for the more easily carry ing on the said Manufactory, that the/aid several Persons, and

4 such others as shall hereafter become Subscribers thereto, should be incorporated :’ May it therefore please

your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty by and with

the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-

Subfcriicrsio- ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Sir Richard Neave, Sir John Call, Sir Robert

sorporaicd. Prefony Sir Frederick Eden, Baronets, John Hatfell, William Devaynes, Robert Biddulph, JohnffuBus An-

gerjlein, ‘John Frere, Thomas William Coke, John Fane, Samuel Bofanquet, Magens Dorrien Mageni, Ed-

ward Forjler, George Hibberty Job Mathew, Brook IVatfon, William Robinson% William Mackintojb,

Thomas Boddington, Thomas King, Esquires, and Robert Sherfon Doctor of Physick, and every other Per-

son and Persons who shall hereafter either in their own Right, as original Subscribers to the fone, or as

Executors

