290 C. 23. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D.4&00.

be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed 5 and the Goods*

. Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities, foby this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of, or charge-

able with the Duties of Excise, or so entitled to Drawbacks of Duties of Excise, as respectively inserted, oe-

feribed, an J set forth in the said Schedules hereunto annexed, shall be, and the fame are hereby made subject

to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, and Forfeitures, to which Goods,

Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities in general, and also all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Re-

gulations, Restrictions, and Forfeitures respectively, to which the like Goods, Wares, and Merchandize re-

(pcdtively, were subject and liable by any Act or Acis of Parliament in Force immediately before the paffir.g

of this Act, respecting the Duties of Excise; and ail and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture, of any Na-

ture or Kind whatever, as well Pains of Death as others, for any Offence whatever committed against or in

Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force immediately before the passing of this Act, made for fecu-

ring the Revenue of Excise, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof; and the several Clauses, Powers,

and Dircdtions therein contained shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be

respectively applied^ practised, and put in Execution, for and in respect of the several Duties of Excise, and

Drawbacks of Duties of Excise, hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents

v and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines,

Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

Duties and V. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where Duties areimposed, or Drawbacks allowedby this

Drawbacks on Act on any specifick Quantity of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the fame shall in every Cafe be under-

t^* tl n^Tpiy11* Rood, and deemed and taken to apply in the fame Proportion and after the fame Rate to any greater or lef*

propoitioiuiiy Quantity than fuchspecific Quantity.

to greate r or lei's Quantities.

Duties to be

paid into the

Exchequer, and

carried to Con-

solidated Fund,

and deemed an

Addition to the

r Revenue for dc-

fraying the in-

creased Charge

oecafioned by

any Loan of this

Session,

Ad may be al-

tered this Scf-

jion.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Money arising by the Duties by this Act imposed (the necef-

fary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Re-

ceipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at iVcJlminster; and the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt of Ex-

chequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

V7II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising or to arifeby the said Rates

and Duties, or any of them, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying

the increased Charge oecafioned by any Loan made, or Stock created or to be created by virtue of any Act

or Acts passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies shall, during the Space

of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at W'ejhninster, distindtly

and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Revenues; and that there shall be provided-and kept in the

Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which

all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with

the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose

of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or.

payable to his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, upon any account whatever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any A St or Adb

to be passed in this Session of Parliament*

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

( A. )

SPIRITS. ‘ I

JTOR every Gallon of fermented Wort or Waft, which shall be brewed or made in that Part of Great ]

Britain called England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or i

Tilts, or any Mixture with the fame, or which shall have been so brewed or made, and which shall not

have been actually distilled into Spirits on or before the twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand eight

hundred - - - ~ One Penny.

For every Gallon of Cyder or Perry, or any other Wash or Liquor which shall be brewed or made in

that Part of Great Britain called England, from any Sort or Kind of British Materials, (except such as are

before mentioned,) or from any Mixture therewith for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, or which

shall have been so brewed or made, and which shall not have 1:een actually distilled into Spirits on or

before the said twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand eight hundred - One Penny.

For every Gallon of fermented Wort or Waft, which shall be brewed or made in that Part of Great

Britain called England, from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for

Home Consumption, which shall be actually distilled into Spirits on or before the first Day of June one

thousand eight hundred, or which shall have been biewed or made, and which shall not have been actually

distilled into Spirits on or before the twenty-fi^th Day of February one thousand eight hundred

One Penny.

For

