C. 22. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Neighbourhood; together with the Payments within the Year for all Parochial and other Taxes. Rates,

and Assessments, charged upon the respective Occupiers in refoect of such Lands; and also the Value

ofTythes, where taken in Kind, or of the Sums pai in Satisfaction for the fame; after deducing

from such Aggregate Amount the fourth Part thereof.

1 ft. INCOME of Owners of Lands.

FIRST CASE.

Income of Lands occupied by the Owner.

Such Income shall be taken at the Amount of one Year’s Rent, according to the Rate at which

such Lands are worth to be let by the Year, according to the ordinary Rent of Lands of like Quality in the

fame, Neighbourhood, Regard being had to the Demands to which such Lands may be liable for or in respett

of Parochial and other Taxes, Rates, and Assessments, and ofTythes, or any Satisfaction for the fame, or

from which Demands such Lands may be free; and also of a Sum notlefs than the Amount of one Quarter,

or more than one Half, of the Annual Value of such Lands, estimated as in the General Rule aforesaid, in

Addition to such Rent; except where the Lands have come into the Occupation of the Owner within

eighteen Months past, on the Expiration of a Lease, or the Death or Failure of a Tenant, in which Cafe the

feme shall be valued at one Year’s Rent only of Lands of the like Quality, as aforesaid.

Deductions to be made from the First Case.

The Amount of the Land Tax payable for one Year preceding.

The Amount of Fee Farm Rents, Quit Rents, Rent Charges, Grourtd Rents, and other Rents payable

by such Owner, or other Charges which the Owner of the Land shall be bound by Tenure to pay, or for

the Expence of Drainage under any Commission of Sewers, estimated for one Year next preceding.

Repairs of Buildings, confiftin^of a principal Messuage, occupied by the Owner, and other Buildings, oc-

cupied with a Farm of Lands or Tythes at an Average, to be settled at the Discretion of the Commissioners

under all the Circumstances, not exceeding eight Pounds per Centum on the Annual Value of the Farm, efti-

mated as in the General Rule ; but if there be no principal Messuage, then at the like Average, not excelling

three Pounds per Centum on the like Annual Value:

Also on Account of Expences in draining Lands, such Sum as the Commissioners shall allow, not

exceeding in any Cafe three Pounds per Centum on the Annual Value of the Lands improved by such

Drainage.

And in respeCi of Embankments from the Sea, or any River, when the fame shall be neceflaryfor the

Occupation of Lands, or by Reason of Tenure therein, such Sum as the Commissioners, under all the Ck«

cumstances, shall allow*

SECOND CASE.

Houses and Buildings occupied by the Owner.

The Income arising from such Houses or other Buildings shall be taken to be the fair Rent at which

Houses of the like Description are usually let or might be let by the Year, unfurnished, as near as may be ;

but where the feme are or shall be rated to the Tax on Inhabited Houses, then not to be taken at left than

such Rate*

Deductions.

Repairs, at the best Average, in the Judgment of the Commissioners, and not exceeding ten Pounds per

Centum on such Rent as aforesai J.

* Other Deductions as in the First Cafe.

THIRD CASE.

Landsy Tenements, or Hereditamentx, in Occupation of Tenants at Rack Rent.

The Income arifxng from such Lands shall be taken to be the full Amount of the Rent reserved.

Deductions.

As in the First Cafe, if payable by the Owner\ and also the Amount of the Tythes, or the Satisfaction

for the fame, and Rates and Tdxes, if payable by the Owner, and also the aCtual Expences of collecting the

Rems.

FOURTH CASE.

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments demised to Tenants in Coujideration of a Fine paid and Rent reserved.

The Income arising from such Lands shall be taken to be the Amount of the Rent for one Year, and of

such farther Sum in respect of the Fines from the said Lands, as will amount to a Sum equal to what were or

would be the Receipts of one Year, x>n such Average as shall be settled or confirmed by the^dpective Com*

missioners before whom the Question shall be depending.

Deductions.

As in the Third Cafe, if payable by the Owner.

FIFTH CASE.

Landsy Tenements^ 09 Hereditaments, demised to Tenants in Consideration of

a nominal Rent only•

A fair Average of the Fines, as under the Fourth Cafe.

a Fine without Rent reservedy or

Deductions.

