520

Scite efthff

new Church

•r Chapel

described.

C.cvi. Anno 390 & 40* Georgii III. A. D; 1800.

pence, enclosed with a Wall, and hath also at his own Expence, which hath been very considerable, ereQed

thereon a Building which is in the Form of and intended for a new Church or Chapel, with Galleries,

Pews, Seats, and other Conveniences and Decorations therein, and with Vaults under the Floor thereof,

(and which Pews and Seats respectively are marked and distinguished by different Numbers and Figures

carved on Plates of Brass and affixed to the Door of each Pew respe&iuely,) and in all other respectshath

completed and finiftied the said intended Church or Chapel in a proper, decent, and very commodious

Manner, fit for the performing Divine Service therein; and the said John Houghton beingdefirousto pro*

mote as far as in him lieth, the Service of Almighty God, and that the said intended Church or Chapel

may be consecrated, set apart, and dedicated to and for such Service, and eftabhshed as a Place of Divine

Worship according to the Usage of the Church of England for ever ; and that the Residue of the said

Piece of Ground and Vaults may be set apart and consecrated as and for a Cemetery or Burial Place to

the fame Church, he hath for that Purpose obtained the Consent of the Reverend Samuel Renjbaw Clerk*

Matter of Arts and the Reverend Robert Hankinfin Roughfedge Cleric, Matter of Arts, the Redorsof

the said Parish, and of the Corporation of Liverpool, the Patrons of the said Redory, and of the Bishop of

Chester the Ordinary thereof:’ But as the Intentions of the- said John Houghton cannot be effec-

tually carried into Execution without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, may it therefore pleale

your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afc

sembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the fame Piece or Parcel oftGrour>d which is’now inclosed

with a Wall, situate on the South Side of Hunter Street aforesaid, containing, in Length on the East Side

one hundred and sixty Feet, on the Weft Side one hundred and sixty-six Feet, and in Breadth on the South

Side one hundred and forty-two Feet, and on the North Side one hundred and twenty-nine Feet, and

whereon the said Church or Chapel hath been so erected as aforesaid, with the Appurtenances belonging

thereto, shall, from and after the patting of this Act* be vetted, and the fame is and are hereby from thence-

forth vetted in the said John Houghton, his Heirs and Assigns, to the Use, Intent, at:d Purpose, that the said.

Building intended for a Church or Chapel shall and may be set apart and dedicated to the Service of Al-

mighty God, as and for a Place of Divine Worship for ever, and together with the Residue of the said Piece

of Ground set apart as and for a Cemetery, (the fame being first consecrated according to the Ufageof

the Church of England,) shall be used for those Purposes respectively ; and the said new Church or Chapel

shall, from and immediately after the consecrating and dedicating thereof, be, and the fame is hereby de-

clared to be a perpetual Cure and Benefice, and shall he called by the Name of The Church or Chapdof

Christ in Liverpool, (or ever.

“ The three first Pfcfentations vetted in Mr. Houghton. Tfce subsequerrt PresentationS' vetted in the Cor*

44 poration of Liverpool. The Church Minister, to be subje<S to thejurisdictionof the Birtlop of Chefttr.

44 $ 2. The Act nor to extend to the making ofa new Parish, or to make the Inhabitants of Liverpool liable

44 to the Repairs of the new Church. § 3. The Owners and Ltflees of the Pews to maintain the Church,

44 tffc. § 4. Appointing the Synodals and Procurations (ax. for the forpoer, and 3J. for the latter) to- be

44 paid by the Minister to the Bishop of Chester. $ 5. Appropriating a Pew for the Minister, and Sittings

44 for the Poor. $ 6. Vetting all the other Pews, tffc. in Mr. Houghton, his Heirs and Assigns, who may let

44 or fell them. ^ 7. Coffins not to be placed in the Church Yard within three Feet of the Surface. § 8. Mr.

44 Houghton to fix the Rents of Pews within a certain Time after Consecration, not exceeding in the Whole

44 the Sum of 1S0/. § 9. For Recovery of Pew Rents. § 10. Two Churchwardens to be appointed

44 for the first three Years by Mr. Houghton, or his Heirs and Assigns; and afterwards annually, oet.cf tfcfi

44 owners and Proprietors of the Pews, Churchwardens to receive and apply the Few Rehts in paying the

44 Minister, Clerk, Organist, and Sexton, and providing Books, § 11. ^ The Minister’s Salary 105/*

44 clear. § 12. Certain Peus appropriated for raising the Miniller’s Salary. § 13. The Minister’s Salary,

44 if not duly paid m2y ha recovered by Complaint to the Bishop of Chester, who may fequester theTraits

44 of the Pews : or by Actions for Money had and received, against: the Churchwardens. §14. For ap-

44 pointing Clerk and Sexton, tffc. § 15. Churchwardens going out to account with their SuccefTos.

44 § 16. Mr. Houghton may dispose of the Vaults, tffc, §1 17. A Register to be kept. § 18. Seats, tic,

44 may be conveyed by Entry intheVeftry Book. $ 19. The Rights of the Redlors of Liverpool laved.

44 § 20. Double Fees for Marriages, tffc, to be paid attnenew Church. One half to ihe Rector,UV. of

44 Saint Nicholas; and the other Half to the Minister, tffc, of the new Church* § 21.t Banns maybe

44 published and Marriages celebrated in the new Church. § 22. Limitation of A£lion$ six Months*.

44 General IGuc. Double Costs. j 23. Saving the King’s Rights..§ 24.. Publick A&. § ^5.”

ft/.*

D ' :ed by

