5*

C. 13. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1 799.

in Trade or Manufacture, out of the Limits of the City, Town, or Place, or its Vicinity, for which they

shall a Cl, the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall, on a Certificate or Certificates thereof, trans-

mit such Certificates to the respective Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, acting for the Division or

Places or Divisions or Places, where such Property, or any Part thereof, is or shall be situate, and the said

last mentioned Commissioners shall, on Receipt of such Certificates, respectively esquire into the Amount of

the Income arising from such Property within the Limits of the Division or Place where such last men-

tioned Commissioners aft, and in proceeding therein'it shall be lawful for them to use and apply all the Powers

contained in this Act, in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, Companies*

Fraternities, or Societies, were chargeable under this Act in such Division or Place; and the said Commit

sioners having satisfied themselves of such Income, shall, without allowing any Deduction to be made therefrom*

(other than the special Deductions authorized by this Act in respect of such Property,) transmit a Certificate

thereof, under the Hands of any two or more of them, to the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes,

to be laid before the said Commercial Commissioners, to the End that such Person or Persons, Bodies, Cor^

porations. Companies, Fraternities, or Societies, may be justly charged upon the Whole of his, her, or their

Income, and such Certificates of the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act shall be final and condufire

as to the Amount of Income contained therein, all just Deductions (other than the special Deductions afore-

laid) being first made therefrom by the Commercial Commissioners, in the lame Manner as if such Income

bad been ascertained by them in the first Instance.

quire into the Party’s Inco ne there ; which they shall accordingly do, and certify the fame to the Tax Office, to be laid before the Commercial Com-

missioners, to enable them to atfcfs the Party; AJcli last mentioned Certificate to be final and conclusive as to the Amount of Income contained

therein.

think it necef-

fary to ascertain

the Income of

the Parties, any

Part of which

shall arise from

Property in

Great Britain,

not in Trade,

out of the Li-

mits of the

Jurisdiction of

such Commis-

sioners, the Tak

Office shall

transmit a Cer-

tificate from

such Coramif-

oners to the

Commissioners

of any other

Division, to cn-

: Persons whose

"Income Is under

Enquiry before

Commercial

Commi (Boners,

may apply for

and obtain such

Certificates, in

order to have

an Allowance

•n their whole

Income.

Income from

Property in the

American Plan-

tations may be

ascertained by

the Commer-

cial Corami f-

sioners for

Londoo, Bristol,

imported hither.

Cl. And be it further enacted. That if any Person, whose Income shall be under Enquiry before the

Commercial Commissioners, shall apply to them to ascertain, in Manner before directed, the Amount of any

Income arising from Property not subject to Enquiry before such Commercial Commissioners, in order to

have any Allowance made from the Whole of his or her Income, it shall be lawful for them, and they are

hereby required to deliver the proper Certificate for that Purpose, which Certificate shall be carried into

EfFeft in the Manner before directed ; and the said Commercial Commissioners, after having received the

Account of such Income, shall, in order to make any Allowances to which such Person may be entitled in re-

spect of the Whole of his or her Income, add the fame to the Amount of Income ascertained by such Com-

mercial Commissioners, and therefrom make such Allowances accordingly.

CII. And be it further enacted. That any Income arising from Property in any of the British Plantations

in Jmerica, and imported into Great Britain from thence, may be dated, proved, ascertained, and assessed to*

before and by the respective Commercial Commissioners acting for the respective Places herein-after men-

tioned, videlicet, London^ Bristol, Liverpool, and Glasgow, in the same Manner as if such Income had arisen

from Trade or Manufacture carried on in such Places respectively ; and such Income shall be assessed and

charged by the Commissioners acting for such of the said Places at or nearest to which such Property shall have

been first imported into Great Britain.

Liverpool, or Glasgow; and be assessed by the commissioners of either of those Places nearest tp which the Property Is ’first

CIII. And be it further enacted. That any Income received in Great Britain, and arising from Property

of any Person or Persons in liich Plantations as aforesaid, which shall , not have been imported into Great

Britain, may be dated, proved, ascertained, and assessed, in like Manner as aforesaid, together with the Income

of the same Person or Persons arising from such Property which shall have been imported as aforesaid, in case

any such Income arising from Property imported as aforesaid shall be dated to such Commercial Commission*

in order to be assessed and charged under this Act.

Income re-

ceived in Great

Britain arising

Bom Property

of Persons in

such Planta-

tions not im-

ported here,

may be also ascertained in like Manner.

ers

CIV. And be it further enacted. That in every Place where the Number of Commercial Commissioners

to be appointed as aforesaid shall besufficient to divide themselves into two or more Committees as aforesaid;

it shall be lawful for the Persons composing any one such Committee to assess and charge the Persons com-

posing any other such Committee until each such Commissioner shall be fully assessed and charged, with

Power of Appeal to all the said Commissioners ; and that where such Committees shall be formed, the said

Commissioners shall tftablifti such Regulations amongst themselves for act'efling and charging each other, as

may moll effectuully secure a fair and impartial assessment upon every such Commissioner, according to the

true Intent *nd Meaning of this Act; provided, that upon any such Appeal the Commissioner interested

shall have no V oice, but shall withdraw until the Determination thereof, in the Manner herein-before directed

with respect to Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act.

One Committee

of Commercial

Commissioners

I !te h 97*] may

assess the Mem-

hers of another

Committee,

with Power of

Appeal to all

such C ommif-

lionersj but

the Parties in-

tcrefttd shall have no Vote. § 70 )

Where such

Commissioners

arc not divided

imo Commit-

u».‘.T each Co n-

nuflioner (h i 11

be assessed by

xi.e otherwith

CV. And be it further enacted. That where the said Commissioners shall not be sufficient to divide them*!-

selves into Committees as aforesaid, every such Commissioner shall be assessed and charged by the other Com-

missioners present, in which Cafe the Commissioner interested shall have no Voice, but shall withdraw until

the Determination thereof in Manner before directed ; provided, that if any such Commissioner shall

think himU If aggrieved by the Determination of the other Commissioners as aforesaid, it shall be lawful

for him to appeal to the Commercial Commissioners acting for the City of London, who shall hear and

determine the fame, and aficIs and charge such Appellant under the Kke Powers, and subject to the like

6 Rules*

C.oodLe

