A.D.X799‘ Anno tricesimo nono Oeorgii III; C. §5,-66, 67*

XIV. And be it farther enacted, That all the Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Clauses, Matters and

Things, which, in or by the said A£i made in the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty *s Reign, qr in reiatig totbc

or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament therein mentioned or referred unto relating to the Duties upon Duties on Sait

Salt, and in Force immediately before the passing of this Act, arr contained, provided^ feUleid, or establlQi- to extend to

edfor the Purposes of the said Act or A3s, (save and except in such Cafes for which other Provisions are thisAtf, as tar

made by this Act, and save and except so far as any such Act or Acts, or any of the Provisions, Rules, or M aP?1,eaWe>

Regulations, Clauses, Matters, or Things, therein contained, are repealed, revoked, altered* or con-

-trollfd, by this-present' A&, or repugnant to any of the Provisions herein contained,) shall be andcontmue

in full Force, and be duly observod, practised, applied, and putin Execution throughout Great Britain, in

and for the Purposes of this Act, so far as the same are applicable thereunto respectively, as fully and ef-

fedually to all Intents and Purposes as if all and every the said Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Clauses, Mat-

ters, and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.'

CAP. LXVL

An Act for placing the Salaries of theSherifF Deputes and Substitutes of Scotland, upon

the Scots Civil List Establishment,—*[ ift July 1799O

^ WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for taking

c y, afWay and abolishing the henetableJuriddidions in that Part of Great Britain called. Scotland*

4 and for other Purposes, it was among other Things enacted, that there shall be but one Sheriff Depute tfr

* Stewart Depute in every County, Shire, or Stewartry, in Scotland, and that he should bean Advocate df

4 three Years standing at the least, and be nominated and appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Succefiorst

4 by Warrant under his or their Sign Manual, with such Continuance as his Majesty, his Heirs or.Suc-

t4 ceffbrs, shall think fit, with competent Salaries; and other Provisions were made by the said recited Act

4 respecting the Appointment of Substitutes; in consequence of which Salaries have been granted by his

4 Majesty to the several Sherifls Depute or Stewarts Depute, and charged on his Majesty’s Eltabtitiiment

4 far the Civil Affairs of Scotland-> and competent Allowances have been made to them for the various

4 Services which they are*required to perform : And whereas the said Salaries and Allowances have been

*4 paid out of the Revenues of Customs and Excise, without any other Authority than Sign Manuals oV

4 his Majesty : And whereas it is expedient that the said Officers and their Substitutes should be paid out of

4 the fame Funds that are applicable to the Payment of the Salaries of the Courts of Session, Judiciary, and

4 Exchequer: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be Jt-eoaded-by the

^King’s tnoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal',

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and

after the raffing of this Act, the Salaries and Allowances now payable, or which shall hereafter be granted by

his Majesty to the Sherifts and Stewarts Depute, and to their Substitutes, shall be ifluedand paid in every

Year, as thelame shall become due and payable, out of the Moniesthat shall arise from-any of the Duties

and Revenues in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which, by Afls made in the seventh and tenth

Years of the Reign of Queen Anm, were charged and made chargeable with the Payment of the Fees, Sa-

Jaries, and other Charges allowed, or to be allowed, by her Majesty, her Heirs and Succdilbcs, for Jteej^-. ja^vhidi01*

ingup the Courts of Session, Judiciary, and Exchequer, in Scotland. ; madcl

chargeable by 7 An. c. 15. and xo Ad. c. 33. with Payment of Salaries /orkeeping-up the* Cdurt of Sdlion, to

The Sal iries 16

Sheriffa and

Stewarts Dt putt

in Scotland, Arc.

shall in future

he payable out

of the Duties

CAP. LXVII.

An A«5t to enable such Person as His Majesty shall please to appoint to the vacant Office

of a Baron of the Exchequer, to take upon himself the Degree of a Serjeant at Law.

‘799-3

c II 7 HERE AS the Office of one of the Barons of the Coif of his Majesty’s Exchequer is now vacant,

4 VV and it isexpedient that a proper Person should be forthwith appointed to succeed to such Office 5

4 and it is also expedient that such Person should be of the Degree of a Serjeant at Law, which Degree can-

* not be taken in Vacation : May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enadiedand be it enacted

Fy the King's meft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual <and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That

it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, at any Time before the Commencement of next Michaelmas

Term, to cause a Writ to be issued out of his Majesty’s High Court of Chancery, dtredled to any such

Person, being a Barrister at Law, as his Majesty shall think (it, returnable immediately in the said Court,

commanding such Person to appear in the said Court, and to take upon himself the State and Dignity of a

Serjeant at Law ; and such Person shall and may thereupon forthwith appear before the Lord High Chair-

cellor, at such Time and Place as the Lord High Chancellor shall appoint; and such Person so appealing,

*nd taking the Oaths ulhally adoiimilered to a Serjeant at Law, shall, without any further Af\ ot Cere-

mony, be, and bedeemedand taken to be, a Serjeant at Law, sworn to all Intents and Purposes: And in

case his Majesty shall be pleated, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to grant to such

Person so to be sworn as aforesaid, the Office of one of the Barons of the Coif of his Majesty's Exchequer,

. .39 Geo, m. T such

[&*/*. c. tlV

a general ytH

such ?t*r; i<'\

His Majesty

my cause a

Writ tobeiffued

out of the High

Court of Chan-

eery to any

Barrister at

Law. lie fliifl

tnink fit; to

appear in that

Court, and vdtc

upon himself

the Dignity of a

Serjeant Law;

such 1‘eiKta

Goc e

