Appropriatldn

•1 Duties.

132 C. 63, 64. Anno tricesimo nono Oeqrgii III. A.D. 1799.

of this A6tf were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, yaid, fccored,

and recovered ; and the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, so by this Act made chargeable with the said

Duties, shall be, and the fame are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regu- 4

lations. Rules, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to which any Goods, Wares* or Merchandize*

upon which any Duties of Customs are imposed and payable, were subject and liable by any Act or Acts ot

Parliament in Force on or immediately before the passing of this Act; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine,

or Forfeiture, for any Offence whatever, committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament

in Force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for

the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions, therein contained,

shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in

Execution, for and in respect of the Duties hereby charged, as far as the fame .are applicable thereto, in as

full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Pro-

visions. Powers, Directions, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in

the Body of this present Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, out of the Monies arising

from the Rates and Duties upon Sugar imported into Great Britain, the Sum of eighteen thousand live

'hundred Pounds, being the fourth Part of the Sum of seventy-four thousand Pounds, the average Amount

for the last three Years of the Drawbacks and Bounties on Sugar exported hereby repealed, shall Quarterly,

on the^enth Day of Ofiober, the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April, and the fifth Day of July in

every Year during the Period of ten Years, be let apart from the Monies arising from the Rates and Duties

upon Sugar imported into Great Britain ; and the said Sum of seventy-four thousand Pounds, together with

the Duties hereby granted on Sugar imported or delivered from the Warehouse, and on Coffee exported,

shall, during the said Period often Years, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at IVeJl-

niinjler, distinftly and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Revenue, and shall be carried to, and

made Part of, the Consolidated Fund ; and the said Sum of seventy-four thousand Pounds, together with the

said Duties, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for

the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be made by virtue of any Act or

Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the

Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Boole or Books in which the said Sum of

seventy-four thousand Pounds, and the said Duties hereby granted, shall, together with the Monies arising

from any other Rates or Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such in-

creased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Ma-

jesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

VII. 4 And whereas an Act was pal fed in the thirxy-tecond Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

‘ tituled, An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback, and Payment of the Bounty, on the Exportation

* of Sugar ; and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Ijlandu in

* Foreign Shipsj amongst other Things for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback, and Payment of the

4 Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar: And whereas other Acts were passed in the thirty-tifth, thirty—

4 sixth, and thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending the said Act, which last

4 mentioned Acts have been continued till the End of the present Session of Parliament: And whereas it is

4 expedient to repeal so milch of trie said first recited Act, as relates to the ascertaining the average Price of

4 Sugar, and of regulating the Drawback and Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar by such Average/ be it

further enacted. That, from and after passing of this Act, the said first recited Act, so far as the fame

relates to the ascertaining the average Price of Sugar in the Manner therein mentioned, or of regulating the

Allowance of Drawback, or the Payment of Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar from this Kingdom, shall

rexuh'in, the be, and the fame is hereby repealed. -

Drawback, re pealed. [Revived till May 5, 1800. 39 Geo, 3. Stjf. 2. c. 12. $ 2.]

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Bounty payable on the Exportation of all refined

Sugar produced from Muscovado Sugar of the Brit iff Plantations in America, shall be paid and allowed on

all Sugar which shall be shipped or laden on board any Ship or Ships, or waterborn, with Intent to be shipped

or laden on board any Ship or Ships in Great Britain, between the Day of passing this Act, and the twenty-

fourth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine,

waterborn to be shipped, between passing this Act and July 14, 1799.

31 Geo. 3.

.c *3. (amended

and continued

by 35 Geo. 3.

c. 110 j

36 Geo. 3.

c. 106. i and

38 Geo 3.

c. 61.) recited

and so much

ther eof as re-

lates to the af-

certainin^ the

Average Price

of Sugar, or

The Bounty on

Exportation of

refined Mufco-

vado Sugar to

be 1 aid on all

(h pped, or

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the

Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commis-

sioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.—[ ift July 1799. J

CA P

