332

C# ^9*

Anno 390 & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

So much of XI. And be it further enacted. That so much of the said recited Acts, or any of them, as restrain Cora-

Aasas restrains mercial Commissioners from enquiring into Statements of Income delivered to them before the Expiration of

Commissioners tweftty-one Days from the Day of receiving the fame, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed,

from enquiring into Statements before %\ Days after Delivery, repealed. [&* 39 Geo. 3. c. 13. § 97.]. . s

TheComme*- XII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the several Commercial

*U1 Commis- Commissioners. and the Commissioners for the Purposes of the said^Acts, acting as such Commercial Com-

Corrunissioners* mi®°ners, (halh in their respective Books of Assessments, enter and cause to be entered the several Amounts

acting as such, * of the Sums assessed by them in respect of Income arising from Trade or Manufacture, separate and apart

~ “ from all Sums assessed vby them in respect of Income arising from any other Source; and shall, from Time

to Time, make*out and cause to be made out, and shall transmit or cause to be transmitted to the Commis*

sioners for the Affairs of Taxes, distinct Accounts of the Amount of Income assessed by them as arising

from Trade or Manufacture, and of the Amount of Income assessed by them as arising from Property in

any of the British “Plantations in Atnerica, and also from any other Source or Sources, distinguishing the

Amount arising on each Head of Income; which Accounts shall be severally made out with the Particulars

and in the Manner required by the said Acts for the like Accounts respectively ; and shall also from Time

to Time make out or cause to be made out, and shall transmit or cause to be transmitted to the Commis-

floners for the Affairs of Taxes, Lids containing the Name, Description, and'Place of Residence of all

and every Persons or Person assessed by them respectively, as soon as the fame conveniently can be done;

which Lifts shall be made out according to an alphabetical Arrangement of the respective Parishesor Places

of Residence, classing together all Parishes and Places in the(ame County, Riding, Shire, or Stewartry.

shall enter the

Sums assessed

in respect of

Income arising

from Trade, fe-

parate from Af-

fcflments in rc.

fbeft of other

Income, and

transmit to the

Tax Office,.dif-

tinct Accounts

of the Amount

of Income af-

In Addition to XIII. And be it further enacted. That in Addition to the Certificate required by the said Acts to be given

the Certificate to every Person to be assessed by Commercial Commissioners. the said Commercial Commissioners OtaJi, at

f^Gel. ci ^ame rT,‘nie at which the Certificate before-mentioned shall be delivered, deliver to the Person so assessed,

V99l°aSdc.%l\ or to ^>nae Person on his or her Behalf, another Certificate, containing the proper Name, Description, and

5 14J to be * Residence of the Person so assessed, and certifying that such Person hath been charged to the said Duties on

given 10 the Income, according to the Provisions of the said Acts by the Commissioners granting such Certificate ; which

herfK^raffcflird Certificate foali be signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and shall be exhibited forthwith by the

mercui Coin. Party» to Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Acts, “within the District where such Person mi^ht

missioners, they otherwise lawfully be assessed, to be by them returned to the Party exhibiting such Certificate after having,

shall deliver an- taken a Copy thereof, to be by the said Commissioners kept and filed ; and in Default of such Certificate

other, contain- being exhibited within a reasonable Time, unless a sufficient Excuse be given to the Satisfaction of such

&8 thf thapC> Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Acts in such District, to

fw assessed. Mid Procee<*to assess such Person to the said Ditties, in like Manner as Persons not engaged In Trade or Manu-

that he hath facture may be assessed thereto.

been charged to the Duties 5 which shall be signed by their Clerk, and exhibited by the Party charged to the general Commissioners of his District, that

a Copy may be taken and filed, and if not exhibited m a reasonable Time, the general Commissioners may assess the Party as a Person not concerned ia

T rade.

when the Com* XIV. And be it farther dnaded. That whenever the Commercial Commissioners shall, according to the

i^ffiomnuSiall Prov®ons of ^e fa*d Acts, have allowed to any Person, any Abatement of the Sums assessed for the Year

have granted a ending on the fifth Day of Abril in any Year, on Account of Diminution of Income, and shall have granted

Certificate of a Certificate thereof xin the Manner directed by the said Acts, or any Ad relating to the said Duties, or le-

an Abatement ferred to and made applicable thereby, it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of

England to direct their Cashier or Cashiers to repay to such Person such Sum as It shall appear has been

income1^the °vcrpaid on such Assessment, out of any puWick Monies in the Hands of such Cathier or Cashiers; who*

K.mk may di- shall ffom Time to Time replace the fame out of the first Monies that shall come into the Bank of England

rest Payment of of the said Duties upon Income; for which Payment the Certificate of the said Commissioners shall be a

tUe Over pay- sufficient Authority.

ment. [&e

39 Geo. 3.C. 13. § 7*-J • ‘ '

The Rules pre- XV. Andbc it further enacted. That the Rule* prelcribedin the Schedules of the several Acts for granting

feribed in the Duties on Income, or either of them, as far as relates to the Mode for ascertaining Income arising from Land'

lar as rcUtes^o occupied by tJie Owner, or by a Tenant at Rack Rent, shall be and are hereby repealed,

af.crtaining Income arising from Land occupied by the Owner, or by ^Tenant at Rack Rent, repealed. [See 39 Geo. 3. t. 22. ScUd. A. Co* I. and Ca XT.]

Income arising

{to the Tenant]

fromLand occu-

pied by a Te-

nant at Rack

Rent, shall be

taken in certain

Proportions to

the agi?re?ate

A mount of the

following Arti-

cles, viz. Rent,

T*jus, Tythts,

XVI. And be it further enacted. That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Income arising from

Land occupied by a Tenant at Rack Rent, shall be taken in the Proportions herein-after specified to me ag-

gregate Amount of the following Articles; {videlicet J

Rent for one Year payable to the Landlord or Landlords:

Parochial and other Rates and Assessments charged on the said Lands, or upon the Occupiers in respedof

such Lands, on an Average of the three succeslive Yearsending on the twenty-ninth Day of Septe/nber

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, or on an Average of the three succeslive Years ending the

twenty-ninth Day of September of the Year immediately preceding the Date of the existing Lease, Contract,

or Agreement by virtue of which such Lands are held or occupied; provided such Lease, Contract, or

Agreement bears Date of its Commencement within fifteen Years previous to the passing of this Act; or in

case

