A.D. 1800. Anno 39* & 40*-CtfoRGn III. G. ,68* 375

4 the United Kingdom 5 but if, at the Time aforesaid, no Writ shall have issued to supply such Vacancy,

4 none shall thereafter issue until the fame be ordered by Resolution of the House of Qommons of the Parlia-

4 ment of the United Kingdom, as in the Cafe of any other Vacancy of a Seat in the House of Commons

* of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. And be it enacted, That whenever his Majesty, his Heirs and,

c Successors, shall, by Proclamation under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, summon a new Par-

4 liament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the Chancellor, Keeper, or Commissioners of

4 the Great Seal of Ireland, shall cause Writs to be issued to the several Counties, Cities, the College of

4 the Holy Trinity of Dublin,2iV\6 Boroughs in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, specified in

4 this Act, for the Election of Members to serve in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, according to

4 the Number herein-before set forth ; and whenever any V acancy of a Seat in the House of Commons of

4 the Parliament of the United Kingdom, for any of the said Counties, Cities, or Boroughs, or for the said

4 College of the Holy Trinity of Dublin, shall arise, by Death or otherwise, the Chancellor, Keeper, or

4 Commissioners of the Great Seal, upon such Vacancy being certified to them respectively, by the proper

4 Warrant, shall forthwith cause a Writ toifiue for the Election of a Person to fill up such Vacancy ; and

4 such Writs, and the Returns thereon, respectively being returned into the Crown Office in that Part of

4 the United Kingdom called Ireland, shall from thence be transmitted to the Crown Office in that Part of

* the United Kingdom called England, and be certified to the House of Commons in the same Manner as the

4 like Returns have beenusually or shall hereafter be certified ; and Copies of the said Writs and Returns.

4 attested by the Chancellor, Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Ireland for the Time being,

4 shall be preserved in the Crown Office of Ireland, and shall be Evidence of such Writs and Returns, in

4 case the original VVrits and Returns shall be loft be it enacted, That the said Act, so herein recited, be

taken as a Part of this Act, and be deemed to all Intents and Purposes incorporated within the same.

Recited A& td

be taken at a

Part of tins Act.

The Great Seal

of Ireland may,

if his Majesty

shall think fit,'

after the Union,

be ofed there in

like Manner as

before, except where otherwise provided by the foregoing Articles; and his Majesty may cominue the Privy Council of Ireland,

III. And be it enacted, That the Great Seal of Ireland may, if his Majesty shall so think fit, after the

Union, be used in like Manner as before the Union, except where it is otherwise provided by the foregoing

Articles, within that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and that his Majesty may, so long as he

shall think fit, continue the Privy Council of Ireland to be his Privy Council for that Part of the United King*

dom called Ireland.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for extending the Powers of the Commissioners named in an Act, made in this

present Session of Parliament *, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in * #• 3* ':

Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament f, intituled, 4 An Act for continuing and t<j.

* granting to his Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England,

4 Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt,

c Tobaccoy and Snuff, for the Service of the Tdar one thousand eight hundred/ together

with those named in two former Acts, for appointing Commissioners of the hand Tax ; for

indemnifying such Persons, named in the said Act, as have acted as Commissioners of

the Land Tax j and for rendering valid certain Acts done by them.

[9th 7^1800-]

4 \X7 HERE AS it is necessary that the additional Commissioners named in an Act of this Session of Par-

4 V V liament, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of

4 Parliament, intituled, 44 An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and

44 Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar,

44 Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Tear onethoifand eight hundreds together with those named

4 in two former Acts, for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, should also be authorized and empowered

4 to put in Execution an Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act

4 as a Land Tax for one Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one tb oufandseven hundred and ninety-

4 eight; so for as the same Act continues the rowers, Rules, Directions, Provisions, Articles, CJaufes,

4 Matters, and Things contained in the said first-mentioned Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his present

4 Majesty;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same. That the several and respective Persons named in the said recited Act of this

Session of Parliament shall and may, and they are hereby empowered and authorized to put in Execution

the said Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting an Aid to his

Majesty by a Land Tax, and all the Clauses, Powers, Matters, and Things therein contained; and also to put

in Execution the aforesaid Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making

the Land Tax perpetual, (sofar as the Powers, Rules,Directions,Provisions, Articles, Ciau'es, Matters, and

Things contained in the said first recited Act of the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

are continued and enforced by the said Act, for making the Land Tax perpetual, but no further or other-

10 ., wife,)

Cup. 31. of this

Selli&n.

Land Tax Act,

38 Geo. 3. c. 5.

38 Geo. 3. c. 60.

(Land Tax Re-

demption Act,)

recited.

The Persons

named in c. 3*.

of this Si (lion

empower* d ro

put in Execu-

tion the recited

Acts of 38

Geo 3. c. 5

and 60, as

Commissioners

of Land Tax.'

