A.D. 1799* Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III,

C. 13,

37

tions, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-

enacted in the Body of this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners a£ling in the Execution of the Acts relative

to the said present Duties shall, at their first Meeting to be held under this Act, as is herein-before directed,

or any two of them present at such Meeting, direct their Precept or Precepts to the Assessors of the several

Parishes and Places within their respective Divisions, requiring them to appear before the said Commis-

sioners at such Time and Place as they shall appoint, not exceeding fourteen Days after such Precept, and

shall, at such their Appearance, iffuq, to such Assessors the Instructions ami Directions duly filled up and

signed by two or more of them, and such Warrants under the Hands and Seals of two or more of them, 3s

the Surveyors and Inspectors shall have had delivered to them for that Purpose, under the Direction of the

Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes.

tice to House-

holders and

Persons occupy-

ing distin&

Apartments, to

deliver within

fourteen Days

Lifts signed by

them, contain-

ing the Name of

every ledger.

Inmate, Sec.

(except Ser-

vants and In-

Commlflioner*

acting under the

present Acts,

shall, at their

fit ft Meeting,

[/«§ 11 .J sum-

mon the AflllT-

ors to appear

within fourteen

Days, and iliac

the Instruc-

tions and Warrants delivered by the Surveyors and Inspeflors unde*Dlre£ttons of the Tax Office. [&* § 49. ]

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Assessors of the Duties under the Management of the Assessbrs shall

Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, for the Year ending on the fifth Day of April one thousand seven yearly [feec. 21.

hundred and ninety-nine, shall, within fourteen Days after the Date of the Precept so to be delivered to V5*]sj_veNo

them as aforesaid, and the Persons to be appointed Assessors of any of the Duties under the like Management,

after the fifth Day of April one thousand (even hundred and ninety-nine, shall, within fourteen Days after the

Date of the Precept which shall be issued to them by the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, in

every Year, during the Term herein mentioned, give Notice to every Householder within the Limits of

the Places for which such Assessors shall so act, or leave the fame at his or her Dwelling House; and, where

any Dwelling House shall be let in different Apartments, and occupied distinctly by different Families or

Persons, who shall either befeparately and distindtly charged to the Duties on Windows and Lights, or where

the Landlord of such Dwelling House shall, by reason of the fame being so let, be charged to the said Duties,

also give or leave the like Notice to or for the Occupier of each such distindt Apartment, to prepare and

deliver, within fourteen Days next ensuing the Day of serving such Notice, a List in Writing, containing,

to the best of his or her Belief, the proper Name of each and every Lodger, Inmate, and other Person, (except yam3 and

Servants and Infants not having any Income chargeable by virtue of this Act,) residentin such Dwelling House, refidTnt

or distindl Apartment, and also a List, containing the proper Name of every Person not resident in Great Britain, jn fu’ch House

and of every Infant, Idiot, Lunatick, and married Woman, who shall have or be entitled to any Income charge- or Apartment;

able by virtue or this Act, which shall be in the actual Receipt of such Householder or Occupier, as Trustee, UeeCm 22m

Agent, Receiver, Guardian, Tutor, Curator, or Committee, or in any other Character, either separately, or

jointly with any other Person or Persons, and if jointly with any other Person or Persons, then the proper Lifts^f Persons

Name of every such other Person or Persons ; and also the Name or Names of every other Person or Persons refid ing Abroad,

for whom any Householder or Occupier shall hold any Property as such Trustee, Guardian, Tutor, Infants, mar-

Curator, or Committee, the Income whereof shall be in the actual Receipt of such other Person or Persons;

and every such Householder or Occupier shall, after such Notice so given or left, make out such Lifts, and

sign the fame with his or her proper Name, and shall also at the fame Time make out and deliver a State-

ment in Writing, signed by him or her, of the Sum which he or she means to pay under this Act, as his

or her Contribution, (according to one of the Forms marked (B) hereunto annexed, and as the Cafe may

require,) as being not less than the just Rate or Proportion of his or her Annual Income, estimated accord-

ing to the Provisions of this Act, with which he or (be ought to be charged by virtue thereof, and also a like

Statement or Account in Writing, signed by him or her, of the Sum which he or she proposes should be

contributed for and on Behalf of such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, for whom such Householder

or Occupier is in the actual Receipt of any Income, as being not less than the just Rate and Proportion of

the Annual Income of such other Person or Persons chargeable by virtue of this Act; which Lifts and

Statements, or such of them as the Cafe shall require, according to the Provisions of this Act, every such

Householder or Occupier shall deliver or cause to be delivered to such Assessor or Assessors within the Space

of fourteen Days after Service of such Notice; and if any such Householder or Occupier shall refuse or

neglect to make out and sign such Lifts or Statements, or either of them, as the Cafe may require, and

deliver the fame to the Assessor or Assessors within the Time before-mentioned, then such Assessor or

Assessors shall return to the said Commissioners for executing this Act, the Names of any such Householders

or Occupiers making such Default as aforesaid, and shall also make out a List, containing the Names of ail

such Lodgers, Inmates, and others, (except Servants and Infants not having any Income as aforesaid,)

resident in the Dwelling House of any such Householder or Occupier making such Default as aforesaid,

and also of all Persons for whom and on whose Behalf such Householder or Occupier ought to make out and

deliver such Lift and Statement as aforesaid (if any such there be, within the Knowledge of such Assessor or

Assessors).

of his Income under this A& ; [feec. 22. Sched. B. No. 6, 7, 8, 9.] and also a l'»ke Statement of the Sum to he contributed by any Person whose In-

come such Householder, dec. fhili be in the actual Receipt of: c. 7,2. Shed. B. No. 12, 13, 14. J Such Lifts and Statements to be delivered to the

AfTefJors within fourteen Days: If the Householder, Sec. neglect to deliver such Lifts, Ac. the Alftfters shall return his Name and the Names of all

such as ought to be returned by him in the Knowledge of the said AfTcfTors. [&v oijo § 67. impejing a Penalty cf ac/.—c. 22. § i« enlarging the *lime f

Return—and c. aa. § 27, 28. as to Statement of Property accruing after April 5 in each Year.]

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Assessors shall, within seven Days after any such On receiving

Lifts of Lodgers, Inmates, and others, resident in any Dwelling House or distindt Apartment, shall be de-

livered to them as aforesaid, give or leave Notice in like Manner as aforesaid, to or for every Person so re- x.odg< rs,° Ac.

turned to them as such Lodger or inmate, or other Person resident as aforesaid, to make out and deliver, within Aiivftvr& ffiai)

15. fourteen

tied Women,

&c. entitled to

Income in the

Receipt of such

Householder as

Trustee, and

the Names of

hisCc-Trustees,

if anyj and also

of Persons re-

ceiving Income

from Property

of which any

Householder is

Trustte ; [ fee

e.zz. Scced. A:

1. No. a.; ar.d

fee a.'jo c. 7*.j

which Lifts such

Householder,

&c. shall make

out accordingly;

and also a State-

ment of thcSum

he means to

contribute, as

nor left than the

just Proportion

