C. 67.

Anno 39° & 40* Georgii III. .A.D. 1800.

ARTICLES.

PRINTED GOODS, continued.

For every Yard square of Irish printed, ftaLned, painted, or dyed Silk Hand-

kerchiefs, and so in proportion for. wide or narrow Silk Handkerchiefs* over

and above every Duty of Customs payable on Silk

SALT.—-Forevery Bushel, confiding of fifty-six Pounds Weight Avoirdupois,

of. IriJJ) Salt, or Irish Glauber or irish Epsom Salt

For every Bushel, confiding of sixty-five Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, of Irish

Rock Salt

SILK — Manufactures of Ribbons and Stuffs of Silk only, the Pound, contain-

ing.sixteen. Ounces - -

v Note.—'Two-thirds of the Weight of Gauze and One-third of the Weight of Crape, 4s to

be deducted lor Gum and Dress.

Silk and Ribbons of Silk, mixed with Gold or Silver, the Pound, containing

. sixteen Ounces T

Silk Stockings, Silk Gloves, Silk Fringe, Silk Laces, ditching or sewing

Silk-fthe Pound, containing fixieen Ounces - -

. Silk, Manufactures of, not otherwise enumerated or described, the Pound,

containing sixteen Ounces

Stuffs of Silk and Grogram Yarn, the Pound, containing sixteen Ounces

Stuffs of Silk mixed with Incle or Cotton, the Pound, containing sixteen

Ounces - .

Stuffs of Silk-and Worded, the Pound, containing sixteen Ounces -

Stuffs of Silk mixed with any other Material, the Pound, containing sixteen

Ounces -

SOAP.—For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Hard, Cake, or Ball

Soap -

Fpr every Pound Weight of Irish Soft Soap

SPIRITS, British.—For every Gallon, *EnglishIV7\nz Measure, of Spirits,

.Aqua Vit&rjot Strong Waters, which shall be diddled or made in Ireland^

.and imported at a Strength not, exceeding one to ten over Hydrometer Proof

• Note.—Spirits above the Strength of one to ten will be charged in proportion; and on

sweetened or compounded Spirits, the Duty will be computed upon the highest De-

gree of Strength at which such Spirits can be made.

; STARCH.—For every Pound Weight of Irish Starch or Hair Powder, of what

Kind soever -

SUGARS.—Refined ; videlicet, called Bqftards% whole or ground,the.Hundred

..Weight

Lumps, the Hundred Weight - -

Single Loaf, the Hundred Weight -

Powder LoaLand Double Loaf, the Hundred Weight - -

Sugar.Candy, brown, the Hundred Weight - - i.y

Sugar Candy, white, the Hundred Weight -

Sugar, refined, of any otherSort, the Hundred Weight

:SWEETS.-r-For every-Barrel, corififling of thirty-one Gallons and a Half,

English Wine Measure, of Irish Sweets, or other .Irish Liquor, made by

Infusion, Fermentation, or otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit

or Sugar mixed with any other Materials or Ingredients whatsoever, com-

monly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the Name of Made

Wines - J

TOBACCO and SNUFF.—For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of unma-

nufactured Tobacco, of the Growth or Produce of Ireland^ over and above

any Duty of Customs - -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish manufactured Short Cut To-

bacco, or Tobacco manufacturca into what is commonly called or known

by the Name of Spanish -

Customs. Excise.

£• s. d.

— 68

— 12

— 1 8

— — 10

— 1 3

— 18 2

1 H —*

1 16 4

1 19 1

1 14 —i

1 19 1

1 19 1

£ s. I

-----4s

— 10 —

— ro —

-----i\

-----ii

- 5

-- 3i

Z 2 —

— I 1

— I 7

If*

