3io C. 32—34* Anno 39* & 40* Georgii III. A. D. 1800.

(B.)

FORM OF RECEIPT.

No.

t do hereby certify. That hath this Day delivered at

a Certificate from the Commanding Officer of the Corps (or Aflbciation) of

for the Purpose of exempting him the said from the Payment of the said Duty on Hair

Powder Certificates, ($r, on Horses, Mares, or Geldings, provided or furniPncd by him for the said Corps,

as the Cafe may be,) pursuant to the Directions of an Act passed in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his

present Majeelty, intituled, an Act [here insert the Title of this Act],

(Signed)

Description whether Officer ef 7

Stamps pr Afjeffed Taxes. }

Dated the Day of

CAP. XXXIII.

Bank may ad-

vance for the

Publick Service,

or Bul-

lion, any Sum

granted thisScf-

lion for Foreign

Sublichcs.

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury to issue Exchequer

Bills, to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall

be granted by Parliament, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred ; and

to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance Cash or Bul-

lion, to be remitted abroad on Account of Foreign Subsidies or Services abroad.

[ift May 1800.]

4C The Treasury may issue Exchequer Bills to the Amount of Seven Millions (as under the Malt Act of

this Session, Cap. 2.) to be payable out of the Supplies for 1800, at any Time on 14 Days’Notice

4C in the Gazette, &c. ^ 1. But Treasury not to issue under this Act Exchequer Bills on the Credit of

“ Cap. 2. and 3. of this Session, or on any Aids that may be granted next Session. § 2. Exchequer Bills

4C shall bear an Interest not exceeding 3 d. 2 q, per Cent, per Diem, &c. $ 3. Exchequer Bills lo issued

“ not to be received in Payment of the Revenue; nor at the Exchequer, except to be cancelled in due

u Course. § 4. The Clauses of the Malt Act extended to this Act. § 5. Bank of England may lend

€t 3,000,000/. on the Credit of this Act. § 6.”

VII. And be it further enacted, 7 hat it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of

England, to advance for the Pubiick Service, in Cash or Bullion, any such Sum to be remitted abroad, as

they shall judge expedient, from Time to Time, not exceeding in the Whole the Amount which has been

or shall be granted in this Session of Parliament on account of Foreign Subsidies or Services abroad $ any

Thing in any Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to permit the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in Amt-

rica, belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in neutral Ships, until the

twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and one. [ift May 1800.]

W1 HERE AS by the Laws now in force no Goods or Commodities whatsoever, of the Growth, Pro-

duction, or Manufacture of America, can (except in certain Cafes) be imported into this King-

4 dom, but in British-b\i\\t Ships, owned and navigated according to Law : And whereas it is expedient

\ 4 under the present Circumstances, to permit certain Goods and Commodities to be imported, under Re-

4 (tri&ions, in Foreign Ships belonging to Subjects of States in Amity with his Majesty Be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majestyby and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

HisMalefty may That, from after the passing of this Act, and until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight

grant Licence to hundred and one, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Couii-

«ny British Sub- cj)^ lo grant Licence to any British Subject or Subjects to import into this Kingdom* for his or

ccLcL(not*0ro- $heir own Account, or for Account cf a Subject or Subjects of any State in Amity with his Majesty, from

hi bit c d) trom any Country in America belonging to any foreign European Sovereign or State, any Goods or Com-

Countiies in modifies of the Growth cr Produce, whether manufactured or otherwise, of any such Country, not

America, be- prohibited to be used or consumed in this Kingdom, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any State in Amity

lonpi^toany with his Majesty, and under such Rules, Regulations, Reductions, and Securities, as his Majesty, with the

pran^Soverdgn Advice of his Privy Council, shall approve, and subject to the fame Duties as such Goods and Commo-

te State,in ncu- Hi ties would be subject to if imported in any British-built Ship or Veilel, and to the same Rules, Regulations,

trai Ships, on Rt ilrictions, and Securities, Penalties and Forfeitures, respecting the Payment of the fame; any Law, Cuf-

p »yment of the t0m, or Usage to the contrary in any wile notwilbstanding.

Lime [Julies as

^imported in British Ships*

. II. Pro-

