412 C. 83—85. Anno 390 & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 180Q.

ration of the with the several and respective Duties, as the fame are respectively Inferred, described, and set forth in the

themed ted* \ tt ^ anc* Schedule annexed to the said recited Act, marked C. and F-, any Law to the contrary there-

Ihaii he cUr^d of notwithstanding.

with th« fame Duties.

Indentures of

Apprenticdhip

improperly

stamped, on

Payment by

Jan. 1, i8or,

of the full Duty

payable there-

on, or such as

have been

stamped with a

Stamp of a

higher Value,

ihail be damp-

ed with the

proper Stamp,

without Pay-

ment of any Pe-

nalty, and shall

then be valid.

Copies of In-

dentures or

other Deeds

liable to the

Duties granted

by 37 Geo. 3.

€ 90. and

c. 72. of this

Session, may be

stamped Within

60 Days after

Date of Attesta-

tion, on Pay-

ment of the

Duty only.

jo Cito. 3.

0. ICO,

CAP. LXXXIV.

An A<£t to render valid Indentures of Apprenticed^ of Poor Children and others, made

upon improper Scamps, upon certain Conditions, and to indemnify all Persons who

may have incurred Penalties thereby; and for allowing attested Copies of Indentures,

Leases, or Deeds to be stamped after the ingrossing, writing, or printing thereof.

([28 th July 1800.]

WHEREAS divers Indentures of Apprenticeship, made for the binding Poor Children and others,

4 W have through Miftakeand Inadvertency, and without any Intention to defraud the Revenue, been

4 made out and executed upon Stamps of a different Denomination and Value than is required by thefeve-

4 ral Acts relating to the Stamp Duties charged and payable upon Indentures of Apprenticdhip, and by

4 Reason thereof great Inconvenience has arilen and may arile to the Masters and Mistresses of such Ap-

4 prentices, and co such Apprentices, by Reason that such Indentures are not valid or binding upon any of

the Parties thereto: And whereas it is expedient that the fame should be rectified For Remedy whereof,

May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted determined by the King’s most Excellent Ma-

)efty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That upon Payment, on or before the

first Day oVjanuary one thousand eight hundred and one, of the full Rate or Duty payable in tefpeft of

any such Indenture, or on the Production at the Head Office of Stamps of any such Indentures of Appren-

ticeship where the fame shall have been stamped with any Sump of a higher Value though of a different De-

nomination than is required by Law, every such Indenture shall, on being tendered at the proper Place

in the Stamp Office where such Indentures are stamped, during the Time of Office Hours, be

stamped with the proper Stamp for such Indentures, without the Payment of any Penalty whatever; and

every such Indenture being so stamped as aforesaid with the proper Stamp (whether the fame shall be

so stamped during the Time mentioned in any such Indenture, or after the Expiration thereof) shall

thereupon be good, valid, and available in Law and Equity, and shall be binding upon all the Parties there-

to, and shall be deemed to have been in full Force from the Execution thereof, and shall and may be given

in Evidence in any Court or Courts whatsoever, and the several Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants, therein

respectively named, shall be capable of following and exercising their respective intended Profession, Tratte,

Employment, or 13uliness, as fully as if the said Indenture had been properly stamped at or after the Execu-

tion thereof; and all and every Person or Persons who hath or have incurred any Penalty or Forfeiture by

any such Neglect or Omissionas aforesaid, shall be acquitted and discharged of and from, and indemnified

agjinft the fame, except only in such Cafes where any Prosecution shall be now depending; any Thing in

any Act or Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

ll. And whereas by. an Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his prdent Majesty, cer-

c tain Stamp Duties were granted upon every Copy purporting to be a true Copy, or attestedto be a true

4 Copy, of any Indenture, Leaie, or other Deed, or any Part thereof, for the Security or Use of any Pei>

4 son other than the Person having or being entitled to the Custody of such Indenture, Lease, or other Deed 1

4 And whereas by an Act, parted in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend several Laws

4 relating to the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, the said Stamp Duties were repealed as

4 to certain Copies in the said Act described, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof: And whereas it

4 would greatly tend to increase the Number of Copies of Indentures, Leases, and other Deeds liable to

.4 the said Duties, if the fame were allowed to be stamped after the ingrossing, writing, or printing

4 thereof, to the great Increase of the said Stamp Duties thereon be it therefore enacted, That in case

any Copy, purporting to be a true Copy, or attested to be a true Copy, of any Indenture, Lease, or other

Deed, and liable to either of the Duties granted by either of the said recited Acts, shall, within sixty Days

after the Date of the Attestation of such Copy, be brought to the Head Office of the said Commissioners of

Stamps to be stamped with either of the said Duties, according to the Nature and Description of such Copy,

then and in such Cafe it mall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized to cause

the fame to be stamped with the proper Stamp, upon Payment of the Duty only, and without any Penalty

whatsoever.

CAP. LXXXV.

An A dl to continue, until the fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and one,

and amend, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for continuing several Acts for the

Encouragement of the British Fisheries. [28th July 1800.]

c WHEREAS an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to revive and conti*

VV nue, until the End of the next Sefon of Parliament, an Act made in the thirty fifth Tear of the

4 Reign of his present Majesty, to continue and amend an Act made in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his

4 frejent Majesty, intituled, “ An Act for the more eft} ft ua I Encouragement of the Lritifti Fisheries, and to

14 4 amend

