12

C. 6.

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

Lard entitled to

redeem, in Pre-

ference to Re-

verfioners, till

March25,1799

(inrtead ot Dec.

25, 1798); and

Kcverfioners, in

Preference to

all others, till

June 25, 1799

(indead of

March 25).

[Extended by

t. 40. S * to

S ct land, and by

208. § iS. to

ditaments, of which they shall be in Possession, or beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits, in Preference

to any Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, or other Per lot is having any Estate or Interest in Remainder,

Reversion, or Expeitancy, or being Substitute Heirs of Entail in the fame Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tene-

ments, or Hereditaments, until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

eight, and their respective Committees, Curators, Tutors, Guardians, or Trustees, on their Behalf, (except

Tenants for Years absolute, or for Years determinable on Lives on any Demise, for which a Fine or Pre-

mium was paid, and Tenants for Lives on any Demise, where a Rent was reserved, or a Fine or Premium

was paid,) shall have and be entitled to the like Benefit of Preference, in and to the Redemption of such

Lana Tax, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and in

case no Contrail shall have been entered into by or on Behalf of such Bodies, Corporations, or Companies,

or Persons in Possession, or entitled as last mentioned, on or before the said twenty-fifth Day of March one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, then and in every such Cafe the Bodies, Corporations, or Com-

panies, or other Person or Persons having such Estates and Interests in Remainder, Reversion, or Expeitancy,

or being Substitute Heirs of Entail, entitled in their Order tofucceed to the said Manors, Messuages, Lands,

Dec. 25/1799.J Tenements, pr Hereditaments, and who by the said Ait were empowered to contrail for the Redemption

of the Land Tax charged thereon, after the said twenty-fifth Day of December, and until the twenty-

fifth Day of March, in Preference to any other Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, or other Persons what-

soever, not having an Estate or Interest therein, and their respective Committees, Curators, Tutors, Guar-

dians, or Trustees, on their Behalf, shall have and be entitled to such and the like Benefit of Preference in

the Redemption of such Land Tax, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-nine, until the twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine^

as is given to them respeitively by the said Ait until the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand

(even hundred and ninety nine.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Land Tax shall, before the said Twenty-fifth

Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, be put up to Sale by Auilion or otherwise, or

sold to any Person or Persons other than such Person or Persons as by this Act are enabled to redeem the

fame prior to the said Twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, except

where Notice shall be given not to claim the Benefit of Preference given by this Act.

claim such Preference be given.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-nine, any Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, having any Interest in any

Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, may, at any Time thereafter, contract and

agree for the Redemption of their Land Tax charged thereon, in the same Manner, and under the fame

Terms and Conditions, as such Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, may do prior to the said

twenty-fifth Day of June\ provided that such Land Tax shall then remain unfold in puisuance of the

Provinoils of the said Ait: Provided also, That no Land Tax shall be fold in pursuance of the said Ait,

after the said twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, in any Cafe where

the Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, shall have given Notice to the respective Commissioners

for the Purposes of the said A it, of an Intention of redeeming the fame in pursuance thereof, other than to

such Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, interested as aforesaid: Provided also, That no such

Land Tax shall be redeemed by any Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, having any Estate in Remainder,

Reversion, or Expeitancy, in the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, whereon such

Land Tax shall be charged, for the Space of three Months after Notice given to the respective Commis-

sioners, by any Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, considered by the said Ait as being in the

aitual roffession of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of an Intention to

redeem the fame in pursuance of this Act.

where Pedon* in Pcfteflion give such Notice. [&e Cap. 21. $ 30. and Cap. 208. § 29.]

On Contrails

made after

March 25,

Transfers of

Stock to be

Mo Land-Tax

to be sold to any

ther Persons

before June 25,

1799, unless

Notice not to

After June 25,

Persons, Sec.

interested in

Lands, may re-

deem on the

fame Terms as

before, while

the Land-Tax

remaint unfold.

No Land -Tax

to be sold to any

but Persons in-

c relied, where

they have given

Notice of their

Intention to re-

deem; nor re-

deemed by Re-

verfioners lor

three Months,

IV. And be it further enaited. That where any Contrail shall be entered into after the twenty-fifth

Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, in pursuance of this Act, the Capital Stock to

be transferred as the Consideration thereof, shall be made within the Period of four Years from the twen-

ty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, by the like Number of Instalments, and

made within on the like Days in each Year, with the like Power to transfer the fame by any less Number of Instalnents

Four Yean from. or jn Advance, as by the said recited Act is allowed, and the first of the said Instalments shall, in

yJa lnftaimeqt c?fl7 such Cafe, be made on or before the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

on or before nine.

August f. 10. And fee c.43, $ r, &c.]

V. And be it further enaited. That where the Land Tax charged upon the Glebe Lands or Tythes of

any Living shall not have been redeemed by the Incumbent thereof before the twenty-fifth Day of March

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, then it shall be lawful for the Patron of the Advowson of such

Living, at any Time after the said twenty-fifth Day of Marchy to contrail for the Redemption of the

Land fax charged thereon, in the same Manner in all Refpeits as a Person seised or entitled in Remainder,.

Reversion, or Expeitancy, is by the said Ait entitled to contrail; provided always, that where such Land

Tax shall have been redeemed by the Incumbent of such Living out of his own Estate, or by the Patron

thereof, and such Living shall not have been exonerated therefrom, it shall be lawful for the Incumbent who

shall next succeed to such Living) at any Time after his Institution or induction, or Donation thereto, to de-

" mand

Where the

Land-Tax on

Glebe or

Tythes is not

redeemed by

the Incumbent

before March

25, the Patron

may redeem as

a P everfioner 1

Where the

