278 C. 8. Anno 390 & 40° Georgii III. A. D. 1799;

tVirtUlers for

Home Con-

fumption from

Mixtures of

MciafTes or

Sugar with

Corrt or Grain,

to have a Credit

. of 20 Gallons

of Spirits for

every 100 of

Wafti, and rtiall

Reign of h's prtfent Mayfly; one Halfpenny of the Duty of one Penny Halfpenny, granted by an Act

Palled in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty ; and one Halfpenny of the Duty of one

enny Halfpenny, granted by an Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

amounting in the Whole to the Sum of P our-pence three Farthings, out of the whole Amount of the said

Duties of one Shilling and two Pence three Farthings, by the said several Afls granted, shall, from and

after the passing of this Act, be discontinued until and upon the first Day of June one thousand eight

hundred.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thatduring the Continuance of this Act, every Distiller

of Spirits for Home Consumption in that Part of Great Britain called England, from any Mixture of Me-

tafiles or Sugar with Corn or Grain, shall, in the Books or Accounts of the Officers of Excise, be entitled to

a Credit of twenty Gallons of Spirits 2nd no more, at the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof,

for every one hundred Gallons of Wort or Walh, made or brewed by such Distillers from any such Mix-

ture ; provided, that if such Distiller shall extract more than twenty Gallons of Spirits, at the Strength

aforesaid, for every one hundred Gallons of Wort or Walh, found in his, her, or their Custody or Pof-

session, he or they shall forfeit and’pay the Sum of five Shillings for every Gallon of Spirits so e^trafled

above the Proportion aforesaid.

forfeit 5s. per Gallon for the Surplus.

Prohibitions on

Distillers from

using Melasses,

suspended till

June 1, 1800.

Distillers using

Wheat in mak-

ing Wott, to

forfeit 5col.

Jtnd PersonS >af-

sifting therein

to forfeit aol.

or be committed

to House of

Correction for

three Months.

A ft not to ex-

tend to the

Maidstone Ge-

neva Manufac-

tory, except as

to the Prohibi-

tion of the Ufc

of Wheat or

Wheat Flour.

31.19s. 4d. per

Cwt Part of

the Duty of

Customs shall be

discontinued on

Starch import-

ed into Great

Britain after

Dec. 20, 1799,

and before Sept,

ao, 1800.

III. 4 And whereas by the Laws now in force, Distillers or Makers of Spirits from Corn or Grainare

4 prohibited from making use of any Melafics, Coarse Spgar, or any Composition, or Extract of Sugar, in

4 the brewing, making, or preparing Wash forDistillation, or in making or extracting Spirits, and from

4 receiving or taking jnto his Custody or Possession any such Melasses* Coarse Sugar, or Composition or

4 Extract as aforesaid, exceeding ten Pounds Weight: Ami whereas it is expedient to suspend the said Pro-

4 hibitions be it therefore enacted. That the said Prohibitions shall be, and the fame are hereby suspended

until the first: Day of June one thousand eight hundred $ any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in

any wise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Dif-

tiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, shall apply, spend, consume, or make use of, or cause,

procure, permit, or suffer to be applied, spent, consumed,or made use of, any Wheat or Wheat Flour in the

brewing, making, or preparing any Wort or Wash, for making or extracting Spirits ; and if any DistiUcr

or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, shall apply, spend, consume, or make use of,’

or cause, procure, permit, or fufter to be applied, spent, cOnfumed, or made use of, any Wheat or Wheat

Flour, in the brewing, making, or preparing any Wort or Wash, for making or extracting Spirits, con-,

trary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and

every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of five hundred Pounds ; and every Servant of such Distiller or

Distillers, Maker or Makers of Spirits, and every other Person who shall be aiding and assisting in the ap-

plying, spending, consuming, or making use of any Wheat or Wheat Flour, in the brewing, making, or

preparing any Wort or Walh for making or extracting Spirits, or in carrying or conveying the fame into

the House, Still House, or other Place used by such Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers, of Low

. Wines or Spirits, in the brewing, making, or preparing such Wort or Wash, shall also forfeit and lose,

for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds, and in Default of Payment thereof, immediately upon

Conviction, shall be liable to suffer three Months Imprisonment in the House of Correction, and to be kept

to hard Labour during such Imprisonment.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be

deemed or construed to extend, to the Manufacture of Sprits called Maidstone Geneva, carried on at Maid-

Jloney in the County of Kent by Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, or any or either of

them, faveand except so far as this Act prohibits any Distiller or Distillers from {pending, consuming, or

making use of any Wheat or Wheat Flour in the brewing, making, or preparing any Wort or Walh for

making or extracting of Spirits.

VI. 4 And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for

4 repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for other

4 Purpofos, a certain Duty of Customs of five Pounds five Sniffings, and Eight-pence is imposed for every

4 Hundred Weight of Starch imported into Great Britain : And whereas it is expedient that for a limited

4 'Lime the Duties on Starch imported should be lowered be it therefore enabled. That, from and after

the twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and until and upon the twentieth

Day of September one thousand eight hundred, three Pounds nineteen Shillings and four Fence /vr Hun-

dred Weight of Starch, Part of the said Duty of Customs imposed upon Starch imported into Great Bri-*

tain, shall be and the fame is hereby discontinued for and in respect of all such Starch as shall be imported

int > Great Britain after the said twentieth Day of December one thousand (even hundred and ninety-nine, and

before the said twentieth Day of September one thousand eight hundred.

u In the Entry of Starch imported, the Number of Packages, and the Numbers and Marks on each, shall

44 be inserted, on Pain of Forfeiture, with the Packages. § 7 [as.under 36 Geo. 3. r.6. § 10.]”

Starch imp#rt- VIII. And be it further enacted. That whenever any Starch imported or brought into this Kingdom

ed, when shall, in order to ^certain the Duties payable thereon, have been weighed by the proper ( ’fficer or Officers

vc,shed b*the of the Cuitoms, the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs shall fecuie the fame until the Delivery there-

Oftcc/S of the r nf

