A.D. 1799.

Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 5, 6. 275

, XLII. Provided always and be it further enacted, That whatever Monies shall be so issued out of the said Monks issued

ConfoJidated Fund, shall from Time to Time be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be thenafter ®u? of

granted in Parliament 5 any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.' to be replaced

out of the first Supplies,

XLIII. Provided also, That whatever Monies shall be afterwards paid by the Bank of England into the said Monies afor-

Receipt, in pursuance of this Act, shall be applied towards replacing the Monies before issued of the said '^ar^sp^ld *^to

Aids or Supplies, or out of the said Consolidated Fund, as the Cafe may be; any ^Tiling herein contained ^appU^dVo

to the contrary notwithstanding. ' . replace former

<c Bank may advance Money on the Credit of this Act. § 44. Commissioners to give an Account of their lirucs#

Proceedings to the Treasury. § 45. Majority of Commissioners may fill up Vacancies, by Death, &c.

44 with Content of the Treasury. § 46. Persons advancing Exchequer Bills may charge 5 /. per Cent. Inte-

44 rest. § 47. Bonds, Notes, Receipts, lAc. not liable to Stamp Duty. $ 48. Goods may be fold free of

44 Auction Duty. § 49. Limitation of Actions (Six Months), with 14 Days’ Notice required, and Ten-

44 der of Amends allowed- Actions to be brought only in the Exchequer, and laid in Middlesex. General

44 Issue. Treble Costs. § 50. Persons counterfeiting Certificates, guilty of Felony, without Clergy.

“ § 51.”

LII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence from and immediately after the fame shall Commencement

have received the'Royal Assent. Ss, # # of Adh

LIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where ,an Oath may be admtniftered by this Act, it Affirmations

(hairbe lawful to administer an Affirmation in lieu thereof, as the Cafe may require. may bc admi*

niftered.

44 Act may be altered or repealed this Session. § 54.”

CAP. VI.

An Act to enable the L.ords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to issue Exchequer

Bills to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Monies as may arise by virtue of afi

Act of the thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for granting certain acU

ditional Duties of Customson Goods exported and imported, and on Tonnage of Ships

entering Outwards or Inwards to or from Foreign Parts, until the signing the prelimi-

nary Articles of Peace j and upon an Act of last Session of Parliament for granting

certain Duties upon Income.—[12th October 1799.]

€ 1XHEREAS it may be necessary for tbs Publick Service, that Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount,

should be issued on the Credit of such Monies as shall arise by virtue of an Act, passed in the thirty- 3S GEO.3.C. 7$.'

eighth Year of his present M ajesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the letter Protection of the Trade of this

4 Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the

4 Tonnage of certain Ships entering outwards or inwards to or from foreign Parts, until the signing the prelt-

4 urinary Articles of Peace; and also that Exchequer Bills, to a further limited Amount, should be issued on

the Credit of such Monies as shall arise by virtue of another Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, 390*0,3.0.13;

4 intituled, An At7 to repeal the Duties impefed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting \

4 an Aid and Contribution for the P ref cent ion of the War, and to make more effectual Provijionfor the like

4 Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income in lieu of the said DutiesMay it therefore please your

Majesty that it may be enacted, Itfc.

44 The Treasury may, after OSI. 20, 1799, issue Exchequer Bills to the Amount of 3,000,000l. videlicet*

44 1,500,000l. on the Credit of the fit ft, and 1,500,000l. on the Credit of the last recited Act, payable in -

4* three Months, to be prepared in Manner directed by Cap. 2. of this St (lion—Exchequer Bills so ifl’uqd

44 not to be received in Payment of the Revenue or at the Exchequer till the fame become payable. § 2.

44 The Clauses, fsV. in Cap. 2. of this Session extended to this Act. § 3.’’

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Fxchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall Exchequer BiUs

smd may bear au Interest not exceeding the Rate of Three-pence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem^ upon or to b*ar an In*

in respect of the Whole of the Monies respectively contained therein; and that all such Exchequer Bills that

shall n >t be paid out of the Produce of the said Duties granted by the said first-mentioned Act of this Sef-' Cent per '

fion of Parliament, shall be receivable as Money in Payment for any publick Taxes, to the-Receipt of any Diem, &c.

Branch of the puolick Revenue, or in Payment of the Duties granted by the said Act, at any 'rime after

the Expiration of mree Months from.the Date of any such Bills respectively.

44 Bank authorized to advance 3,000,000l. on the Credit of this Act. } 5.”

N n.2

CAP.

