578 * C. 2i. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A. D. 1800.

4 rels ;* be it therefore enabled by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cor-

font of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by

Sn’tmay^e the Authority of the same. That, during the Continuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Person or

rak non hosrd, Ptrlons who shall catch or take, or purchase and cure or preserve any Herrings, Pilchards, Mackarel, or

Duty free, lor any 0pner £ind or Species of wholtfoine Fifti, or who shall fit out any Vessel for such Purpose, to take and

rhe\r,frperron on board his or their Vessel, from his or their own Stock of Sait, or from the Stock of Suit of any other

oi I0 ruihcls Fish Curer, of whom such Person or Persons shall purchase, or with whom he or they shall contract for

ter evay Ten Salt, any Quantity of Salr, Duty free, that shall be deemed necessary for curing or preserving theFilh which

Eurrhmoi' the may be expedkd to be taken or purchased in the T rip or Voyage in or upon which he or they shall imme-

' diately intend to dispatch or employ his or their Vessel : Provided always, That no Person or Persons shall

be allowed to ship or nave on bojid any Vefltl, at any Time, any greater or larger Quantity of Salt, than

in the Proportion of ten Busheis for every Ton Burthen, by Admeasurement of the Vclfel in or on board of

Btfore Salt is which such Salt shall be taken or shipped : Provided also, Thac before any Person or Persons whatever shall

ftcetved. Duty receive into his or their Custody or Poii'cilion, or take or ship on board any Vessel or Vefl'els, any Quantity

fhTi he madeat °* ^rec ^uty> for Purpose of faking, curing, or preserving Fish, such Person or Persons shall

thenxcifeoffice na?ke Entry in Writing at the next Office of Excise, of his or their Name or Names, and Place or Places

of the Narrc of of Abode, and of the Number and Situation of every Warehouse, which he or they shall intend to make

the ihirty, kc. use cf for the keeping or storing of Salt, and shall also give Bond or Security to be approved by the Com-

1 so?t T!dQcllVEn nniuioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons who shall be appointed or employed by them for that Puf-

counting for t!»e . P°‘*e> in ^*c bum five hundred Pounds, that he or they will duly account with the proper Officer or OfE-

Sait.* ' cers of Excise, according to the Directions of this Act, for all the Salt which he or they shall at any Time

take, ship, receive, or have on board his or their Vessel or Vessels, for the Purpose of faking, curing, or pre-

serving of Full, and that such Salt, and every Part thereof, shall be fairly and bona fideemployed, fpCnt,ash

consumed, in falling, curing, or preserving of Fish as aforesaid, or shall be returned into the Warehouse

entered for the keeping or storing of Salt, Duty free, from whence the fame was taken ; and that no Part

of such Sale, so taken, shipped, received, or had on board any such Vessel or Vessels as aforesaid, shall be

fraudulently fold or disposed of, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act

Prrfcns irttnd- 1L And be it further enacted, T hat all and every Persons or Person intending to ship any such Salt for

ir>£ ro ship Salt, the Purpose aforesaid, shall give to the proper Officer of Excise of the Port or Place from whence such Salt

shall give Notice shall be taken and shipped, a Notice in Writing specifying his or their Name or Names, the Name of the

E*c,lc Vessel on board which the Salt is intended to be shipped, the Name of the Matter thereof, the Burthen or

uinParticidars. Tonnage of such Vessel, the Place to which such Vessel is bound, the particular Sorts or Species of Fish

expelled to be taken or purchased and cured, and the exact and true Quantity and Species of Salt intended

to be shipped or put on board such Vessel.

Fish Curers may HI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any known and entered Fish Curer or Fish

^hcTrS^ck^f Curers, to deliver any Part of his Stock of Salt, Duty free, into the Custody or Possession of any Person or

Sait/Dutyfree, Persons who shall have made Entry and given Bond or Security, in pursuance of and according to the Di-

10 Persons Who recYions of this Act, for taking, or purchasing, and curing or preserving Fish: Provided always, That such

have im:!eEntry Salt shall be delivered under, subject, and according to the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions provided

and given Gond amj prefcnbed by an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Re^gn of his present Majesty, for trans-

Sud^Ssk'shall Erring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, and for other Purpose*.

be delivered under the Rules of 38 Geo. 3.C. 89.

V/h?n Salt is

fhipt,-the ExJfc

Hfticrr .'hall five

aCtitificaic Ipe-

cifying ciruin

Particulars.

Ten -hvof Tool.

for unlh'ppsng

cured F.fh, ex-

pt at a lawful

’ Quay.

Witliln 14

Hours alter Ar-

ri al ->r the Port

ol urfh’ppinj

the Car.o ufany

Vciit l on board

of w Ui:h Salt

ft.a iii»\e t^co

taken, the M,.f-

ttr fh ill make

at» Entry of cer-

1*0 Particulars

IV. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any Salt shall have been shipped or taken ©n

board any VefiM for the Purpose of curing or preserving Fish as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the proper

Officer of Excise to whom the Notice of shipping such Salt shall have been delivered as aforesaid, and such

Officer is hereby authorized and required to give and grant to the Owner, Proprietor, or Matter of fSth

Vessel, a Certificate specifying the Name of the Vessel and of the Matter thereof, the Tonnage or Burthen

of fetch Vessel, the Quantity and Species of Salt taken, had, or received on board such Vessel, and the

Name or Names of the Person or Persons from whose Stock of Salt the fame was taken and shipped, tbs

Place from whence taken and shipped, the Time when shipped, and the Place to which the Vessel on board

which the fame shall be so shipped is bound.

V. A r.d be it further enacted. That if any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Matter of

any Veiled, on board which any Salt shall be so taken or shipped as aforesaid, shall unship or unlade, or cause

or procure to be unshipped or unladen, or wilfully or knowingly permit or fritter to be unftiipped or un-

laden, any Part of any Cargo of faked or cured Fish, except at some lawful Quay within the Kingdom of

Great Britain, he, (he, or they, shall forfeit, for every such Ottence, the Sum oFone hundred Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted. That within twenty-four Hours after any such Vessel on board of which

any Salt shall have been taken or shipped as aforesaid, shall arrive at the Port at which the Cargo of such

Vessel is to be unladen or delivered, the Matter of such Vessel shall make Entry in Writing with the proper

Officer of Excise of such Port, specifying the Quantity and Kinds or Species of salted or cured Fish of which

the Cargo of such Vessel shall conltft ; that is to say, if Herrings, the Quantity, according to the exacf and

true Number of Crans of thirty-four Gallons each, English Wine Mea(ure, of fresh Herrings, which were

taken or received on board his Vessel; if Pilchards or Mackarel, the exact and true Number of Barrels,

confltting of fifty Gallons each of the like Meufure, which were taken or received on board fresh; and if

any other Kind or Species of Eiih, the cxidt and true Number of Barrels of two hundred Pounds Weight

each, or the exact and ti uc Weight of such Fish; and also the exact and true Quantity <rf Salt actually eno-

7 ployed

