96: C. 32, 33, 34. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

John’s without

C onvoy or Li-

cence, while

any Person au-

thorized to

prant Licences

Island of Newfoundland, without being under the Protection of Convoy, or without Licence being first ob*

tained for that Purpofcy during the Time any Admiral, or other Person duly authorized by the Lord High

Admiral of Great Britain, or by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the

'l ime bein^, to grant Licences for permitting Ships or Vessels to fail or depart without being under the Pro-

tection of Convoy, shall be Rationed or resident at the said Port of Saint John's.

IhalJ be resident thcicat.

Policies of In- HI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in the before recited Act passed in the lad Sertion of Par-

bc' vold on vl°f lament foall extend, or be construed to extend, to render null or void any Policy*of Insurance made or to

fels* L fail a) g he made on any Ship or VcfleJ, or on the Goods or Mercnandize laden therein, on account of such Ship or

trom New. Vcfiol failing or departing from the Island of Newfoundland or Coaftof Labrador, without being under the

toundh.idor Protection of Convoy, under the Authority of this Act, nor shall any Penalty be incurred by any Mailer or

Labrador with- Commander of any Ship or Vcllel, or by any other Person whatever, on account of any Ship or Vessel failing

any Penalty"©1, departing, under the Authority of this Act, from the said Irtand of Newfoundland or Coast of Labradorr

be incurred. without being accompanied with and under the Protection of Convoy.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand leven hundred and ninety-nine. — [ 19th April 1799.]

44 i,£oo,oco/. may be raised by Loans and Exchequer Bills, before June 1, 1799; Exchequer Bills

44 (bJl not be received again in Payment of any Taxes; nor exchanged before Nov. 20, 1799. § *—3

44 To be repaid out of any Money payable under Cap. 13. of this Session, and if the Money paid under that

4* Ait, before Nov- 20, 1799, be insufficient, to be charged on the Consolidated Fund. § 4. Such Exche-

44 quer Bills may be paid in on the first, second, or third InftUments, or on Account of any Payment in full

44 under the said Ait. §5.”

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for repealing two Acts, passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, which limit the Time for killing Partridges in England and Scotland;

and for amending so much of an Act, passed in the second Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty* as relates to such Limitation withir that Part of ( reat Britain called

England, by making other Provisions for that Purpose.—[i 9'h April \ 7 99.]

aCco. 3. c. 19. c _ jr ?HEREAS by an Act, passed in the second Year of the Reign o' His p.ucut *v oefty, intituled,

An Act for the better Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain co 'led England; it was,

4 amongst other Thingsvenaited, That no rerfon or Periods, after the first Day of June ne thoulnnd (even

1 hundred and sixty-two, should, upon any Pretence whatsoever, t.ue, kill, delhoy, carry, fell, buy, or

4 have in his, her, or their Possession or Ufc, any Partridge, between die twcitch Day of February and the

36 Cco.3. c.39. 4 firfc Day of September, in any Year, under the Penalty therein mentioned: /Mid whereas by another Act,

4 passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his prefer* Majelh, (or ame :ding the fa;d last mentioned

4 Ait, the said Rdtriclion was repealed; and it was enacted. That, from and after the passing of the said

4 Act, no Person or Persons should, on any Pretence whatsoever, take, kdl, destroy, carry, (eil, buy, or

4 have in his, her, or their Portession or Use, any Partridge, between the twelfth Day of February and the

4 fourteenth I)ay of September, in any Year, under the Jamc Penalty as by the said last mentioned Act is

4 imposed: And whereas by an Act, passed in the thirteenth Year of the Re.gn of his present Majesty, in-

13 Geo.3. c.5*. c titukd, An Act for the more effectual Preservation of the Game in that Part of G reat Britain r<z//tt/Scotland,

and for repeating and amending several of the Laws now in being, relative thereto; it was, amongst other

4 Things, enacted, That every Person4,vho should wilfully take, kill, destroy, carry, fell, buy, or have in

4 his or her Poliession or Use, any Partridge, between the first Day of February and the first Day of

4 September, in any War, should be liable to the Penalty therein mentioned: And whereas by another

snd 36 Geo. 3. ‘ Act, palR-d in the thirty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending the said last

c 54. recited. c mentioned Ail, the said Reltridtion was repealed; and it was enaited. That, from and after the passing of

the said Ait, every Person who should wilfully take, kill, destroy, carry, fell, buy, or have in his or hcrPof-

4 session or Use, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, any Partridge, between the first Day of

’ 4 February and ihe fourteenth Day of September, in any Year, should be liable to the fame Penalties and For-

4 feitures ashy the fa d Lift mentioned Ait are impoled: And whereas it is expedient that the said Acts, parted

in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, should be repealed, and that the said Ail of

the second Year of his present Majesty should be amended, so far as respects the Time so therein limited,

4 within that Part of Great Britain called England, by making other Provisions for that Purpose: May it

4 therefore please ynur Majesty that it may be enaited and be it enailed by the King’s most Excellent Ma-

jeily, by and with the Adv ice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act,

Y !'°' v the said recited Aits, passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall be, and the fame

are hereby declared to be repealed.

13 II. And

