572

ard {hall not

fcc removed.

Appeal may be

mad? to tUe

General or

Quarrer Scf-

iionsy r.nd the

Matter finally

determined*

thew.

IfConnAlons

he made within

fix Days

before fnv

Sessions, the

Parties may

appe (1 either

to that or the

rext following

i'eflions.

Limitation of

Actions against

Magistrates or

Peace Officers*

lax Months*

*4Geo. 2.

c 44. extended

to Magistrates

athng under

this Act.

No Action

fh.dl be com-

menced Against

any Pence Of-

ficei until <evrn

l>ayh alter No-

tice, who may

within that

Time tender

Amends, ar.d

If not accep;ed

rnny ple.d the

'lender with

the General

Issue, and if

found fufUcient

C. 16. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii IIJ. A. D. 1800.

4 Liberty, or Town of as the Cafe shall happen to bc\ for and dfr

4 adjudge him, [her or them] to pay and forfeit for the fame the Sum of

4 Given under the Day and Year aforesaid/

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Certiorari, Letters of Advocation of of Suspension, shall

be granted, to remove any Conviction or other Proceedings had thereon in pursuance of this Act.

XVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, 7*hat if any Person convicted of any Offrnce

punishable by this Act, shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of the Magistrate or

Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom he, (he, or they shall have been convicted, such Person shall

have Liberty from Time to Time to appeal to the Justices at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the

Peace which (hill be held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place where such

Judgment shall have been given, and that the Execution of the said Judgment shall in such Cafes be fuf-

pended, the Person so convicted entering into a Recognizance, at the Time of such Conviction, with two

sufficient Sureties, in double the Sum which such Person shall have been adjudged to pay or forfeit* upon

Condition so prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and to be forthcoming to abide the Judgment and Deter-

mination of the Justices at their said next General or General Quarter Sessions; which Recognizance the

Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Conviction shall be had, is and are hereby

empowered and required to take; and the Justices in the said General or General Quarter Sessions, are

hereby authorized and required to hear and finally determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to

award such Costs as to them shall appear just ar.d reasonable to be paid by either Party ; and if, upon

hearing the said Appeal, the Judgment of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom

the Appellant or Appellants shall have been convicted, shall be affirmed, such Appellant or Appellants shall

immediately pay down the Sum he, (he, or they shall have been adjudged to forfeit, together with sech

Costs as the Justices in their said General or General Quarter Sessions shall award to be paid to the Prosecutor

or Informer, for defraying the Expences sustained by reason of any such Appeal; and in default of the Ap-

pellant’s paying the fame, any two such Justices, or any one such Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, having.

Jurisdiction in the Place into which any such Appellant or Appellants shall escape, or where he, (he, or

they shall reside, shall and may, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, or his Hand and Seal, commit

every such Appellant and Appellants to the Common Gaol of the County, City, Riding, Division, Toan,

or Place, where he, (he, or they shall be apprehended, until he, (he, or they shall make Payment of such Pe-

nalty and of the Costs and Charges which shall be adjudged on the Conviction, to the Informer; but if the

Appellant or Appellants in any such Appeal shall make good his, her, or their Appeal, and be discharged of.

the said Conviction, reasonable Costs shall be awarded to the Appellant or Appellants against such Informer or

Informers, who would (in case of such Conviction) have been entitled to the Penalty to have been recovered a*

aforesaid ; and which Costs shall 3nd may be recovered by the Appellant or Appellants against any such In-

former or Informers, in like Manfier as Costs given at any General or General Quarter Sessions of the

Peace are recoverable.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That if any such Conviction shall happen to be made

within] fix Days before any General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the

County, Riding, Division, City, Town Corporate, Borough, or Place, where such Conviction shall have

been made, then the Party or Parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any such Con-

viftion, shall and may* on entering into a Recognizance, in manner and for the Purposes before direfled,

be at Liberty to appeal either to the then next or the next following General or General Quarter Sessions of

the Peace which shall be held for any such County* Riding, Division, Cky, Town Corporate, Borough, Li-

berty, or Place, where any such Conviction shall have been made.

XIX. And be it farther enacted. That every Action or Suit which shall be brought or commenced

against any Magistrate cr Magistrates, Justice or Justices, or any Peace Officer or Officers, for any Mat-

ter or Thing done or committed by virtue of or under this Act, shall be commenced within six Months

next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the County, City, or

Place where the Matter in dispute shall arise, and not elsewhere; and that the Statute made in the

twenty-fourth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An Act for the rendering Ju/iicer of the Peace

more safe in the Execution of their Office* and/or indemnifying Con/iables, and others atting in obedience to

their Warrants* so far as the said Act relates to the rendering the Justices more safe in the Execution of

their Office, shall extend and construed to extend to the Magistrate and Magistrates, Justice and Justices

of the Peace, acting under the Authority and in pursuance of this Act-, and that no Action or Suit shall be

had or commenced against, nor shall any Writ be sued out, or Copy of any Writ be served* upon any

Peace Officer or Officers, for any Thing done in the Execution of this Act, until seven Days afier a No-

tice in Writing shall have been given to or left for him or them, at his or their usual Place of Abode, by

the Attorney for the Party intending to commence such Action; which Notice in Writing shall contain

the Name and Place of Abode of the Person intending to bring such Action, and also of his Attorney, 2nd

likewise the cause of A ftion or Complaint; and any Pe'aee Officer or Officers shall be at Liberty, 2nd

may by virtue of this Act, at any 'Lime within seven Days after any such-Notice shall have been given to

qr left for him, tender or cause to be tendered any Sum or Sums of Money, as Amends for the Injury

complained of, to the Party complaining, or to the Attorney named in any such Notice; and if the fame

is not accepted of, the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Actions may plead such Tender in

Bar of such Action or Actions, together with the General Issue, or any other Plea, with Leave of the

’Court in which the Action shall be commenced ; 2nd if* upon Issue joined on such Tender the Jury shall

imd

Gjooooie

