A. D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III*

C.^87.' #7 7

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation,

of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Pay-

ment of Duty, to continue in Force until six Weeks from the Commencement of the

. next Session of Parliament*.—[12th July 1799.]

* ^WHEREAS it is expedient that a Power should be vetted in his Majesty to prohibit, with the Advice

* VV of his Privy Council, the Exportation of all or any Sort of Corn or Grain from the Ports cf this

* Kingdom, if Circumstances fhmftd io require, and to permit the Importation of all or any Sort of Foreign

* Corn of Grain, if Circumstances should in like Manner so require:’ Be it enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the

patting of this Act, and until the Expiration of six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of

* [Continued till

Sift. 30, 1800.

3. S*jf. it

'■9• $ *•]

H!s Majesty, iff

Council. m5V

rtign Wheat,.

See. or pcimit

the Importation

of Foreign

Corn, Sec. In

British Veff.ls,

or in any other

Vessels belong-

ing to Persons

of any Country

in .Amity wide

his Majesty,

Duty tree; act

Time, when and as often as the fame shall be judged expedient, to prohibit generally, for a limited Time,

the Exportation from England and reflectively, of any British or Foreign Wheat, Rye, Barley,

Beer, or Big, Pcafe, Beans, Oats, or any Meal or Flour, or Bread, Biscuit, or Malt, made thereof, or

any Indian Corn, or Maize, or Meal, or Flour, made thereof; and to permit generally the Importation into

England or Scotland reflectively, of any Foreign Corn or other Articles as aforesaid, in any British Ship or

Vend, or in any other Ship or Vessel belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Ma-

jesty, and navigated in any Manner whatever, without Payment of any Duty whatsoever; and also the

taking out of Warehouse, for Home Consumption, of any such Foreign Corn, or other Articles as afore-

said, without Payment of any Duty whatsoever, and in like Manner to recall such’ Prohibition or Permission,

either in Part or in the Whole, if Circumstances shall appear so to require, any Thing in any Act, or Part

of any Act, to the contrary notwithstanding ; and if any Person shall export, or shall load or lay on board alfo‘warehoused

any Ship or other Vessel, with Intent to export, or if any Person shall import any Corn or other Articles as Foreign Com,

aforesaid, contrary to such Prohibition or permission of his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy

Council, the Per Ion so exporting, or loading or laying on board with Intent to export, or the Person so

importing the fame, shall be liable and subject to the like forfeitures and Penalties, and the said Corn or

other Articles, and the Ship or Vessel in which the fame shall be exported or loaded or laid on board,

or in which the fame shall be imported, shall be subject and liable to the like Forfeitures, and in like

Manner to be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed, as if the said Corn or other Articles were ex-

ported, or loaded or laid on board, or imported, contrary to the Provisions of two Acts, the one, patted

Hi the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An Act for regulating the Importation bcInhlc

and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British the penalties

/*\___ ^ ^ a m n (1 a#] ■ • U a * U ■ • * •> *4 \7 t U 1 r t \ r a f I\ /? rs « A *» €% i rv i nf« t i >1 a/I Jfm I . i /a

Sec. to be taken

out for Home

Consumption,

If any Person

fl:a!l export or

import contrary

to such Pro-

hibition or Pep.

mifTion, he

shall be liable to

jesty, his Heirsand Successors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, to prohibit the Exportation and 33Geo. i!

from this Kingdom of any Sort of Corn, or other Articles as aforesaid, shall not extend, or be construed c. 65.

to extend, to any F'oreign Corn, Meal, or Flour that shall have been imported and warehoused in the Man-

ner and on the Conditions mentioned in the before mentioned Act; of the thirty-full Year of his present

Majesty’s Reign, and lhallnot have been taken out of such Warehouse for Home Consumption.

not extend to Foreign Corn, Sec. warehoused on theConditions of 31 Goo. 3. c* 30. and not taken out for Home Consumption*

II. Provided also, and be it further'enacted, That in every such Cafe it shall and may be lawful for his

Majesty, his Heirsand Successors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, to permit the carrying

Coastwise, or carrying out, or the Exportation of the several Sorts of Corn, or other Articles as aforesaid,

for all or any of the Purposes mentioned in the said two Acts, passed in the thirty-firtt: and thirty-third Years

of his present Majesty’s Reign, or either of them, in like Manner and in the fame Proportions and Quantities,

and from and to the fame Ports and Places as is allowed by the said two Acts, or either of them, at such

Times as any of the several Sorts of Corn or other Articles as aforesaid are prohibited to be exported, sub-

jedl to the like Securities, Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, Forfeitures, and Penalties, as are by

the said two Acts, or by either of them, in any such Cafe required and imposed.

allowed thereby, when such Articles are prohibited to be exported.

IIT. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the pattingofthis Act, and until the Expiration of His Majesty, iu

six Weeks from the Commencement of the next St (lion cf Parliament, it shall and may be lawful fer his

Majesty, his Heirsand Succetters, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, with the Advice of his or

their Privy Council, from Time to Time, when and as.often as the fame shall be judged expedient, to per-

mit generally, for a limited Time, the Importation into Great Britain, from any Port or Place whatever, in

any British Shipor Vessel, or in any other Ship or Vessel belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in

39 Geo. III. A a , Amity

But the Power,

to prohibit the

Exportation of

Com, Sec. Jh.iil

His Majesty, in

Council, may

permit the car-

rying Coastwise

or Exportation

of the fcveial

Articles .l.' ju-

said, for the

Purposes men-

tioned in the

faiJ two ACi.-i

Council, may

permit the

importation

from any Place

in any British

Velfll, or any

Veil'd belonging

to Pc: for. s of

