A.D. 1800. Anno 39* & 40* Gnomon III.

C. 9a

441

mens, (unless a reasonable Excuse be made for such Non-attendance to the Satisfafttoh of such Justice or

Justices,) to issue his or their Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands for the apprehending and bringing

inch Person before him or them, and if any such Person so being brought before such Justice or Justices (naif

still refuse to be examined, or to give his or their Testimony before such Arbitrators touching the Premises,

such Person so rtfufing shall be by the (kid Justice or Tuflices committed to the Hdufe of Correction within

his pr their Jurisdiction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he, flic, or they, shall submit to be

examined and give Evidence before the Arbitrators touch;ngthe Premises aforesaid. ^ [

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Parties who shall have signed any Submission

to Arbitration shall think it expedient, or be minded and desirous to extend the Time hereby limited for the

making of the A warden* Umpirage, it shall and may be lawful for them to extend the fame accordingly by

Indorsement oh the Back of such Submission, to be signed by both of them in the Presence of one or more

credible Witness or Witness'es$ any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereoftn any wife net*

withstanding.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That the Submission to such Arbitration, and the Award

pr Umpirage to be made thereon, shall and may be drawn up, and written at the Foot of such Submission,

tipon undamped Paper, in the respetftive Forms set forth in the Schedule to this Act \ any Law, Usage, or

Custotn, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

be committed

to jtfte oufc of

Correction till

they submit.

Time of mak-

ing A waul may

be extended by

the yaitivw

IV. Provided also, and be it further ^naded. That there shall, in all Cafes* be written or engrossed two

Parts of the Suhmission to Arbitration, one for each of the Parties subscribing the fame.

* V. And be it further enaQed by the Audiority aforesaid, That in every Cafe of Dispute or Difference

between any such Master and Workman in such Trade or Manufadhire as aforesaid, if an Arbitration shall

be demanded, and the Submission thereto signed, and an Arbitrator therein named by either of the said

Parties, and the other of them shall refuse or negle£l to sign the said Submission, and appoint his Arbitrator;

or \f* after making of the said Award or Umpirage, either Party shall refuse to submit thereto, for the Time

br Term of two Days next after the signing such Submission in Manner aforesaid, or refuting to submit

to such Award or Umpirage respectively as aforesaid, the Party so neglecting, or refusing to sign the said

Submission, or to appoint his Arbitrator, or refusing to submit to such Award or Umpirage is aforesaid,

shall forfeit and pay to the Party who shall have demanded such Arbitration, signed his oubmission thereto,

and named his Arbitrator therein as aforesaid, or in whose Favour such Award or Umpirage shall be made

and signed as aforesaid, the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered in a summary Wajf before one or more

Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, City, Liberty, Division, Township, or Place,

where such Offence shall ber committed ; and the Conviction for the fame may be had and made upon the

Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and in case any such Forfeiture or Penalty

shall not be forthwith paid pursuant to such Conviction, such Justice or Justices shall, by Warrant under

his or their Hand or Hands, cause the fame to be levied by Diitrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and

Chattels, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and in case no sufficient

Distress can be had, such Justice or Justices shall, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, commit

the Offender to the Common Gaol, or some House of Correction, within his or their Jurisdiction, there to

remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than two

Calendar Months.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justice or Justices before whom any

Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall cause all such Convictions to

be drawn up according to the Form, or to the Effect set forth in the Schedule to this Act; and the said

Justice of Justices shall cause the fame to be fairly written on Parchment, and cranfmitted to the next Ge-

neral Sessions, or General Quarter Session9 of the Peace, to be holden for the County, Riding, Division,

City, Liberty, Township, or Place, wherein such CoaviCtion was had, to be filed and kept amdngft the Re-

cords of the said General or General Quarter Sessions.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person con-

victed before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, of any Offence against this Act, to appeal to

the Justices of the Peace assembled at the next General Sessions Of GeneraPQuarter Sessions of the reace,

to be holden for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Township, or Place, wherein such Con-

viction shall be made, such Person so appealing giving immediate Notice of such Appeal, and finding two

sufficient Sureties in the Sum of five Pounds each, and entering into his or her own Recognizance before such

Justice or Justices so conviCling as aforesaid, in the Sum of ten Pounds, to appear and prosecute every such

Appeal with Effect; and the Justices of the Peace at such General or General Quarter Sessions of the

Peace, are hereby authorized and required on every such Appeal being made, and on reasonable Notice

thereof given to the other Party, finally to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and tp

make such Order, and to award such Costs therein, as they in their Discretion shall fee meet; and which

said Order and Determination shall be final and conclusive to all Parties j and no Certiorari shall be allowed

to remove any such Proceedings or Determination.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action shall be

brought against any Arbitrator, Justice of the Peace, Constable, Head bo rough, or other Officer, or against*

any other Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Matter or Thing whatsoever done or committed under or

by virtue or in the Execution of this Act, unless such Action shall be brought within six Calendar Months

next after the doing or committing of such Matter or Thing*

39 & 40 Geo. III. 3 L IX. Provided

Sttbmi/fiori ami

Award may b$

drawn on fin-

ftatoped Pafjer

agrtcably to

Schedule annextdj

and each Pgfijr

to hare a Copy*

If any Party

rclufc, for twf>

Days, to sign

the Subfnidioy

or to appoint

an- Arbitrator,

or to submit t,o

the Award, he

shall forfeit to

the other Part^

joI. to be re-

covered before

one Justice,

and leviable by

Dill rtfs and

Sale, or the

Offender to be.

committed foe

not more tha*

3 Months nor

less than *.

ConvlQiont t»

be drawn up

agreeably to the

form set forth

in the Sche-

dule ; and filed,

dec.

Appeal may be

made to Quar-

ter Sessions.

Limitation of

A a ions* fix

Months,

