46 C. 13. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 179

shall be charged known, or otherwise, where he or she shall have any Property, unless his or her Agent or Receiver shall

at their Phcc of be desirous of being assessed in any other Place, and {hall give Notice thereof in Manner herein-after

a dual lUn- mentioned.

etnee; and the

AflVflVneiu /hall remain valid rotwithrtanding their Removal, unless cn Notice. Persons out of the Realm /hall be rated at their last Place of Residence

if known j 01 where ihe.r Property is 3 unless on Delire of their Agent to be a fie fled clfcwhere.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That evei y Person ordinarily residing in any other Parish or Place

than the Parish or Place of his or her Residence at the Time of Service of Notice to him or her, or to the House-

holder of the Dwelling House where such Person did reside at the Time of such Service, or at the Time

of such general Notice as aforesaid, and every Person removing from the Parish or Place where he or she

did reside at the Time of such Service, being respectively desirous not to be charged in such Parish or Place, ,

{hall give Notice thereof to the Afilfiors of the said Parish or Place, or 011c of them; and if any Person

shall remove from the Parish or Place of his or her Residence without giving such Notice, and with

Intent to evade the Payment of the Rates hereby granted, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the

Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered under the said first-recited Act; and

the Removal shall not in such Cafe affect the Aficllment tobe made in the Parish or Place of such his or her

last Residence.

LXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person having two or more Dwelling

Houses, and residing in different Divisions of Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, shall, in each of

such Divisions, be required to deliver, in Manner before directed, a Statement of the whole Sum which he

or (he is willing to contribute, or a Declaration in lieu thereof, declaring in what other Place he or she is de-

firous of being charged j and such Person may, at the Time of delivering such Statement or Declaration, elect

to pay the Whole of the Rate in either of such Divisions, on giving Notice in Writing of such his or her In-*

tention to the respective Assessors within the Parishes or Places where such Dwelling Houses are situate, or

may elect to pay the fame by Payments tobe made in different Divisions, in such Proportions as the Party

shall in such Notices express; provided that if in any such Cafe no Statement shall be delivered, ora Decla-

ration in lieu thereof, nor any Notice shall be given as before directed, at the Time of the Delivery of any

Statement, then and in every such Cafe, an AlTefTment upon the Whole of the Income of such Person shall

be made in each Division where such Dwelling Houses are situated; provided that any Person who shall be

over-rated by reason thereof shall be relieved therefrom, upon Appeal, on Proof before the respective Com-

missioners, of the Amount of such Overcharge upon such Appellant, and upon his or her making an Election,

where the Rates which ought to be charged upon such Person shall be paid.

Firts in l och Divificns: [&< c. 22. Sched. A. 1.N0. 3. and the Note to that Form:’] If they neglect to give a proper Statement or Declaration, &c. they

xriay be charged in each Division, but lelicvable on Appeal, and making such Eie&ion.

Persons residing

in diiiertnt Di-

v./ions shall de-

liver a State-

ment of their

proposed Con-

tribution in

i i.eh, or a De-

claration in

other

PlfiCe t.tey

are to be

charged; and

may elect cither

to pay the

V.'iiox in one

Division, or in

proportionate

If a Pcifon af-

ftlfcd m one lJa-

rish shall be

a..;.‘in a (D fled in

another, the

CommifTu ntrs

whut he pays

shall strr.nt I.inn

a Certificate

thereof, a*-J the

other Atf.ir-

ment fl.all be

vacated.

Income /hall in

ii!l <. «>{’(■:> !‘ C t 1> I -

ti.auH according

to tiu L'-rvbt.v'ns

«i tin* Act m l

the Schedule

annex.d, or

avoiding to the

:fl Ol til 2

V. v: ar.d

h* i 1 i of die

Party. [See

c. 22. S.Ld, A.]

Vhcic Income

h d.irm.filed by

any Ija uhc!;

C' >utr, Comir.il-

fion.r* may

a.'low an

Abatement.

Income arising

Irom a Proicf-

#i-m, Oibcc, &c,

fLail be clti-

LXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, having been

a defied in any Parish or Place for his or her Income, shall be again assessed in any o.ther Parish or Place in

rcfpicl of the fame Income, in every such Cafe the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, acting for

the Parish or Plr.ce where such Person or Persons lha’1 elect to pay his, her, or their Contribution, or two of

them at the lead, shall, c n any Application for that Purpose, grant a Certificate of such Assess'ment, signed

by them, gtatis; and upon Proof of lucii Assessment bcloie the Commissioners acting for such other Pjrish

or Place, either by the Production of such Certificate, or in Detault thereof by other Evidence to their

Satisfaction, the said last mentioned Commissioners shall cause the Aflelfment of such Person or Persons so

again aiidled to be amended or vacated, as the Cafe may require, so that such Person or Persons shall not be

charged more than by this Act he, fne, or they ought to be charged.

I, XXVII. And in order that the Estimates of Annual Income chargeable by virtue of this Act may be

made according to known Rules, and with as much Uniformity as the respective Cales will admit, be it further

enacted, I hac in all Cafes the Income chargeable by virtue of tins Act Gull be estimated according to the

Rules and Directions prescribed by this Act, and rhe Schedule hereunto annexed, as far as the fame re-

l’pectively are applicable to such Income; and in ail Cafes where the fame are not applicable, then according

to the be A of the Knowledge and Belief of the Peifbn whole Duty i: shall be to estimate or compute such

Income, whether such Eihmate flu.il be made by any Pei fun chargeable by virtue of this Act, on his or her

own Account, or on the Account of any other, or as 211 Officer in the Execution of his Duty, as prefer ibed

by this Act; hut that it shall not be lawful, in computing such Income, to make any other or greater De-

ductions theietrom than such as are exprelsly enumerated in this Act, or in the Schedule hereunto annexed,

nor to make any Deductions which by the Schedule dr the Act are directed not to be made.

J^XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall prove, to the Satisfaction

of the respective. Commissioners before-mentioned, that his or her Income chargeable by virtue of this Act

has been diminished from any specifick Cause arising after the Time when such Income ought to be computed

according to this Act, it shall be lawful for the said respective Commissioners to make such Abatement as to

them shall fcun just in respect of such Diminution of Income.

LXXIX. Ar.d be it further enacted, That any Income arising from any Profession, Office, Penfien,

Stipend, Employment, Trade, or Vocation, shall be estimattd either according to the actual Produce of the

lame Prcfcikou, Office, Pcnlion, Stipend, Employment, Trade, or Vocation, in the Year immediately pre-

' ceding,

O.

