A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 47, 48.

the Suburbs of the famfe, or within any of the Parishes or Places comprized within the Weekly Bills of

Mortality, without having first obtained a Licence for such carrying a Hackney Chair from the Comtnif-

sioners for licensing and regulating. Hackney Coaches and Chairs; and if any Person shall offend herein,

he shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of forty Shillings, to be recovered, levied, and applied, as

any Penalty or Fine may by any Act or Acts, or Law or Laws now in force, be recovered, levied, and

applied* for the carrying any Person or Persons in any Hackney Chair for Hife within the same

Cities, Suburbs, or Places, without such Chairman or Carrier being licensed by the Commissioners afore-

said.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any such HaCkney Coachman, his Renter or Driver, shall exact

or take more for his or their Hire than the several Rates hereby limited, he or they shall for every such

Offence be subject and liable to such and the like Penalties, Foifciturcs, and Punishments, to be levied,

recovered, suffered, and inflicted by such Persons, and in such and the like Manner and Form, as by any

Law or Laws now are in being respecting such Hackney Coachmen, their Renters or Drivers; and that

the several Rates and Fares herein-before mentioned shall and may be recovered in such and the

like Manner as the Fares of Hackney Coachrrten are by any Act or Acts of Parliament now re-

coverable.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Hadcney Coachmen, his, her, or their Renter or Renters, shall,

from and after the parting of this Act, be in Arrear of Payment of any Rent or Rents, reserved or made

payable by any Licence or Licences granted, or to be hereafter granted by the said Commissioners, or the

major Part of them, for any longer T ime than is or shall be expressed in such Licence or Licences, it shall

and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, to revoke such Licence

or Licences, and to levy the Rfents and Sums of Money reserved, and thereby made payable, either upon

the Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Owners, or Renter or Renters, in such and the like Manner and

Form, as they may by any Law now in being do with respect to such Owner or Owners.

XIIL And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued,

molested, or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of

any Clause, Matter, or Thing, herein contained, such Person and Persons shall and may plead the General

Issue, and give this Act and the speci^l Matter in Evidence,vfor his and their Defence; and if upon the

Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become non-

ftrited, such Defendant 'or Defendants shall have treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff

or Plaintiffs,

CAP. XLVIIL

An Act to repeal the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, granted by an Act, passed

in the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for allowing British Plantation

Sugar to be warehoused; for reviving so much of an Act, made in the thirty-fecohd

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the average

Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation there-

of; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, until the tenth Day of

May one thousand eight hundred and one. [30th May 1800.]

4 TT HEREAS by an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti-

tilled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Sugar imported and exported,

and on Coffee exported, and /or reducing the Drawbacks now allowed on the Exportation cf Sugar, amongst

4 other Things, certain Duties were granted on the Exportation of Sugar and Coffee: And whereas it is

4 expedient that the said Duties {hould be repealed for a limited Time be it therefore enabled by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from

and after the parting of this Act, and during the Continuance thereof, so much of the said recited Act as

imposes the said Duties on the Exportation of Coffee and Sugar shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed ;

and that so much of the ('aid Duties imposed by the said recited Act as became due and payable between

the thirteenth Day cf October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and the Time of parting this (

Act, shall not be paid or payable, and that any Bonds which may have been entered into for Payment of

any such Duties shall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be null and void, and the fame shall be can-

celled accordingly.

and the passing this Act, flial

II. 4 5 And whereas rt is expedient that further Time should be given for the Payment of the Duties on

4 British Plantation Sugar imported or to be imported into Great Britain after the thirty-first Day of March

4 one thousand eight hundred, for which the Duties have not already been paid ;* be it therefore enacted, That,

from and after the parting of this Act, and until the tenth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and one,

it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs for the Time being in England and Scotland reflec-

tively, to take Bond to his Majesty from the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee

or Configures of any British Plantation Sugar, for the Payment of the Duties chargeable upon any such

5 Sugar

327

certain Limits,

without a Li-

cence, on Pe-

nalty of 40

Hackney

CoHchmen ev-

acting more

than their Fare,

liable to the Pe*

rallies, and the

Fares recover-

able, as by the

Laws now in

being.

In case of Ar-

rears of Rent

made payable by

Licences, they

may be revoked,

and the Arrears

levied either

upon the Owner

or Renter.

General Issue.

Treble Costa-

[StenHC. it.J

39 Geo 3.0.63*

recited.

an3 so much '

thereof as im-

poses Duties on

the Exportation

of Coffee and

Sugar repealed,

ai d such Duties

as became pay-

able between

oa. 13.1799,

1 not be payable.

Till May to,

1801, Pond may

be taken for the

Dirties on Bri-

tifty Plantation

Sugar imported

after March 31,

1800, or upon

such Sugar, the

