580 C. 2i. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

No Bounty shall

be given for Fish

cured under this

A ft, except Red

Herrings.

Matters of Yes-

fels importing

salted Fish into

the Port of Lon-

don shall make

Entry and Oath

v/ith the Excise

Officer atGravc-

fend, and unlade

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Bounty shall be given, granted, allowed, or paid for or in re-

spedt of any Fish whatever, salted, cured, or preserved, under the Authority, Directions, or ProvifiGnsof

this Act, other than and except such Herrings as shall be cured and legally packed as Red Herrings.

XIV. And te it further enacted, That the Master of every Vessel in or on board of which any salted

Fish taken and cured under the Authority and Direction of this Act, shall be imported or brought into the

Port of London, shall m^ke the Entry and Oath herein-before directed, with and before the proper Officer

of Excise at Gravesend, and shall then and there take out and unlade into proper Boats or Lighters, all his

Cargo of salted Fish, in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, in the Manner, according to the Di-

rections, and subject to the Penalty in case of Neglect, Refusal, or false Entry, which is herein-before direct-

ed, in respect of Vessels arriving with and unlading salted Fish at any lawful Quay in Great Britain.

into Boats the Cargo in his Pretence.

Persons conceal*.

ing, See. Salt

fhipt lor curing

Fish, shall for-

feit 50I. and the

Salt shall be for-

feited.

For Herrings in

Bulk cured as

Red Herrings,

or for Exporta-

tion to Ireland,

the like Quan-

tity of Sail shall

be allowed as for

Herrings in

Bulk for Home

Consumption,

on the Matter’s

complying with

the Rules of this

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatever shall clandestinely or fraudu-

lently conceal, embezzle, fell, dispose of, or carry or convey away, any Salt that shall be taken or shipped

on board any Vessel, for the faking, curing, or preserving of Fish, under the Powers and Authorities by this

Act given or granted, every such Person or Persons (lull, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty

Pounds; and all Salt so concealed, embezzled, fold, disposed of, or carried or conveyed away, together with

the Package containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and the fame shall and may be seized by any Officer or

Officers of the Customs or Excise.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to take, purchase, and

salt and preserve Herrings in Bulk, either for the Purpose of curing the fame as Red Herrings, or for imme-

diate Exportation to Ireland \ and such Person shall be allowed such and the like Quantity of Salt for every

Cran (confiding of thirty-four Gallons of such Herrings) as is allowed for curing and preserving Herrings

in Bulk for Home Consumption: Provided the Master of such Vessel shall comply with and conform’to the

several Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions by this Act directed: And provided also, That the Master of

every Vessel intending to export Herrings in Bulk to Ireland, shall make a like Entry and Oath, with

the\)fficer of Excise, at the Port nearest to which the Herrings on board his Vessel shall have been taken,

as is required by this Act to be made for or in respect of Vessels arriving with salted Fish to be landed at

any Port in Great Britain, and shall permit and allow the proper Officer of Excise, to inspect, examine, and

take Account of all such Herrings accordingly.

XVII. And whereas it is expedient to encourage the Sale of such Pilchards for Home Consumption as

4 may be now in Store/ be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officer

or Officers of Excise, to take an immediate and true Account of all Pilchards which, at the Time of taking

such Account, shall be well and perfedily cured and packed in Barrels, and which shall be or remain in the

Custody or Possession of any regular and entered Fish Curer 5 and such Officer or Officers, at and after the

Expiration of one Month after he or they shall have taken such Account, and ascertained the true Number

of Barrels of such Pilchards, shall give to the Proprietor or Owner thereof a Debenture specifying the exaff

and true Number of Barrels of such Pilchards so cured and packed as aforesaid: Provided always, That be-

fore the proper Officer or Officers of Excise shall take any such Account as aforesaid, the Owner or Pro-

prietor of such Pilchards shall, upon being thereunto required by the proper Officer of Excise, forthwith

deliver to such Officer a Declaration in Writing, specifying the exact and true Number of Barrels of Pil-

chards in his Custody or Possession, and whether any Debenture has been made out or granted, or any'

Bounty allowed or paid for any, and if for any, for how many Barrels of such Pilchards, on Pain of for-

feiting, for every Neglect or Refusal to make such Declaration, or for any false or unttue Declaration, the

Sum of one hundred Pounds.

On Production

of the Debenture

to the Collector

of Excise, he

shall pay the

fame Bounty as

on Pilchards

exported.

Officer shall

brand Barrels of

which an Ac-

count shall have

been taken.

Penalty of 200I.

fnr altering

Marks on Bar-

rels, SC Cm

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon any such Debenture as aforesaid being produced to the

Collector of Excise, of the Collection in which the Fish Curer to whom the fame was given or granted shall

reside, such Coiledlor shall, and he is hereby authorized and required, out of any Money in his Hands arif-

ing from the Duty on Salt, to pay to such Fi(n Curer such Bounty as he would have been entitled unto in case

such Pilchards had been duly and truly'exported; any Thing in any A St or Acts of Parliament, or in this

Act, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any Officer or Officers of Excise, shall have

taken Account of and ascertained the true Number of Barrels of Pilchards in the Custody or Possession of any

such entered Fish Curer as aforesaid, such Officer or Officers shall forthwith, burn or brand dillin&ly on

each Barrel the Letters B. A. to denote that the fame has been taken Account of, and the Bounty allowed

thereon.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Fish Curer or other Person whatever shall alter or deface

any Mark burnt or branded upon any Barrel of Pilchards, or shall repack any Pilchards upon which any

Bounty shall have been allowed, or other wise attempt or endeavour to obtain Credit for, or Payment of, any

Bounty upon any Pilchards for which a Bounty had been before allowed or paid, or for the Payment of

which Bounty any Debenture shall have been made out or granted, every Fish Curer or other Person, lo

offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

6 XXI. And

