196 C. 106. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799*

.discharged, and Places, and enlisted in the Regular Forces under this Act ; which Accounts {hall, in all Cafes where the

Regular1? J-cV ^arne necessary, be transmitted by the Commanding Oncers of such Militia to such Lieutenants or

whfich^Ac-r Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, for that Purpose.

counts, where necessary, shall be transmitted to them by the Commanding Officers of the Militia. [See Sef. 2. c. 1. § 15 ]

XXX. And be it further enacted. That after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by

-My re- any any Warranc under his Sign Manual, directed to the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, from

Time to Time, when and as often as he shall think fit, to disembody any Number of Militia Men raised

under the said Acts of the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or raised after the passing

of this Act ; and for that Purpose to authorize and direct any Colonel or Commanding Officer of any Mi-

litia to disembody and dismiss to their respective Places of Abode, any such Number of such Supplementary

or other Militia Men aforesaid as his Majesty shall think fit; and every such Colonel or Commanding Of-

ficer shall, within fourteen Days after the issuing of any Warrant as aforfcfaid, proceed, according to the

Directions of such Warrant, to disembody and dismiss such Supplementary or other Militia Men aforesaid to-

their respective Places of Abode, in Manner and at the 'Times in such Warrant mentioned.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons so disembodied and dismissed as afore*

said, or selected, taken, or drafted for the Purpose of being so disembodied or dismissed as aforesaid, from any

Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, in whatsoever the fame may be done, may, during the Time of

their remaining so disembodied as aforesaid, or at any Time after they shall have left any Regiment, Batta-

lion, or Corps of Militia, under any Order of the Colonel or Commanding Officer thereof, for the Pur*

pose of being so disembodied or dismissed as aforesaid, enlist in his Majesty’s Regular Forces under rhis Act ;

and that all Persons so disembodied and dismissed as aforesaid, who shall not, during such Time as aforesaid,

enlist in any of his Majesty’s Regular Forces, shall remain liable to serve in the fame Militia, and shall, and

they are hereby required to join any Regiment, Battalion, and Corps of Militia, serving for the County*

Riding, or Place, from the Militia of which they shall have been respectivtly dismissed, whenever called

upon so to do, either for the Purpose of supplying the Vacancies which may arise in the said Militia, or

f*v« &]}'• %•€*!• whenever they shall be again embodied under any Warrant under his Majesty’s Sign Manual, which Warrant

§ J as aforesaid his Majesty is hereby empowered to ifl'ue whenever he shall think fit, and shall be and remain

subject to all such and the like Rules and Orders, and to all and the like Pains and Penalties as any other Per*

fons enrolled to serve in the Militia are subject and liable to by any Act or Aftsnow in Force, at such Times

as the said Militia shall not be embodied under the said Acts, or as such Persons are subject and haole to at the

Time of the embodying of any Militia.

XXXIL And be it further enacted, That every Colonel or Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Bat-

talion, or Company of Militia shall, within twenty Days, or as soon as conveniently may be after the if-

fuingof any Warrant under this Act for the disembodying and dismissing any Militia Men belonging to

such Regiment, Battalion, or Company, transmit, or cause to be transmitted, to the Clerk of the General

Meeting of Lieutenancy of the County, Riding, or Place to which such Militia shall belong, a List of all

such Militia Men as shall have been disembodied and dismissed in pqrfuance of any such Warrant as atorr-w

said $ and every such Lift shall be made in the following Form :

Number of Men

raif A under

37 Geo. 3. c. 3

and 22. or this

Act, to be dif-

mi/Tcd to their

respective

Abodes.

3- e. I.

*•6.]

Persons so dlt-

Wiiired, or fe-

lt died so to be,

may enlist in

the Regular

Forces under

tins Act, and

such as do not,

shall remain

liable to serve in

the Militia, and

shall join when

required.

TSee SfJJ'. 2. Cs 1»

. iS.J

Colonels of Mi-

litia shall tianf*

mit to the

Clerk of the

General Meet-

ing, within a

certain Ptriod,

a List of Men

disembodied.

Form of Lilli

Dated the Day of

Name of the County, Sec. Names of the Men disembodied and dismissed. If Substitutes, for whom they serve. Of the Parish of In the Hundred of

A. B. E.F. C.D~ p. M. H. N.

Lieutenant Jfu U

supply Vacan-

cies out of such

Lifts, and the

Persons ballot-

led shall serve

the Remainder

of the Time for

which engaged

before Difmif-

iton. f See S*jf. 2.

<• *• S

And the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants acting for such County, Riding, or Place, shall cause the Mem

necessary for supplying any Vacancies that may hereafter arise in the Militia of such County, Riding, or

Place, to bebaliotted for out of the Persons returned in any such Lift as aforesaid; and so from Time to

Time as Occasion shall require, so long as any of the Persons returned in any such Lifts can be found to

supply such Vacancies as aforesaid ; and every Person so ballotted to supply any such Vacancy, shall serve

in the Militia of such County, Riding, or Place, upon the Conditions and for the Remainder of the Time

for which such Person shall have been engaged to serve in such Militia before he was disembodied and dif-

miflbd as aforesaid ; and whenever and as soon as all the Persons returned in any such List or Lists that cart

be found to supply such Vacancies as aforesaid, shall have been ballotted for out of such List or Lists as afore-

said, then and in every such Cafe the Men necessary for supply ing such future Vacancies as may aiifc in such

Militia shall be raised, chosen, and ballotted for, in Manner by this Act directed.

8

XXXIIL And

