178

any State in

Xnity with his

Majesty, of

-certain Articles

Put/ free.

Such Articles

shall be entered

with the Officer

of the Customs

at the Port of

Importation, on

Pain of For-

feiture.

Penalties may

be recovered

and applied as

in the Cafe of

the Customs.

Copies Of Or-

ders in Council

shall be laid be-

fore Parliament

jrGeo. 3# c.30.

(V 3«» 3*0

33tCeo. 3. c.65.

The County of

Ed.nburgh shall

be separated

from the other

Counties form-

ing the 13th

Piflrift under

th*; first recited

Act,

and shall be a

Pi ft r id by it-

ftlf, viz. the

17th ; and the

monthly Prices

of Corn, fee.

within Fd:n-

bu'gh, (lull

revulate tire

importation

and bxporta-

lon, fee.

Continuance of

Ad*

C. 87, 88. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A. D. 1799.

Amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any Manner whatever, any Beans, called Kidney or French Beans*

Tares, Lentiles, Callivances, and all other Sorts of Pulse, and also Bulls, Cows, Oxen, Calves, Sheep,

Lambs, and Swine, Beef, Pork, Mutton, Veal, and Lamb, whether salted or other wise. Bacon, Hams,

Tongues, Butter, Cheese, Potatoes, Rice, Sago, Sago Powder, Tapioca, Vermicelli, Millet Seed, Poul-

try, Fowls, Eggs, Game, and Sour Crout, without the Payment of any Duty whatever, at all Times be-

fore the said Expiration of six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament; and in like

Manner to recall such Permission, either in Part or in Whole, if Circumstances shall seem so to require ;

any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wile notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a due Entry shall be made of all such Beans called

Kidney ox French Beam* Tares, Lentiles, Callivances, and all other Sort9 of Pulse, and of such Bulls,

Cows, Oxen, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, and Swine, Beef and Pork, Veal, Mutton and Lamb, Bacon,

Hams, Tongues, Butter, Cheese, Potatoes, Rice, Sago, Sago Powder, Tapioca, Vermicelli, Millet

Seed, Poultry, Fowls, Eggs, Game, and Sour Crout, that shall be imported by virtue of this Act, or any

Order in Council made under the Authority thereof, with the proper Officers of the Customs at the Port

into which the fame shall be imported ; and in Default thereof the fame shall be forfeited, and shall and may

be seized by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s Customs.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures created and incurred by this Act, (and

not herein othewife specially directed to be prosecuted and recovered,) shall and may be sued for, prose-

cuted, recovered, and disposed of, in such Manner, and by fuen Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Pe-

nalties incurred on any Goods, Ships, or Vessels, forfeited for any Offence against the Laws of Customs,

may now be legally sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and the Officer or Officers concerned

in Seizures or Prosecutions under this Act, shall be entitled to and receive such Share of the Produce arising

from the Seizures, as they are now by Law entitled to upon Prosecutions of Seizures for unlawful Import-

ation, and to such Share of the Produce arising from any pecuniary Fine or Penalty, or Composition paid

for any Offence against this Act, as they are now by any Law or Regulation entitled to, upon Prosecutions

for pecuniary Penalties.

VI. And be it further enacted, That Copies of such Orders as shall be made by his Majesty in Council,

for any of the Purposes mentioned in this Act, if made when Parliament is fitting, shall be laid before both

Houses of Parliament, within three Days after the fame shall have issued ; and if made when Parliament is

not fitting, then within fourteen Days after the Meeting of the next Session of Parliament.

CAP- LXXXVIII.

An Act for erecting the County of Edinburgh into a separate Distridt, for the Purpose of

regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn.—[i 2th July 1799.]

4 TT WHEREAS by an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

* y V dn d£l for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn* and the Payment of the Duty on Fo~

9 reign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on Britffh Lorn exported; it was, among other Things, enacted*

4 That, for better ascertaining the Prices of Corn and Oatmeal for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned,

4 the several maritime Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England, and also the several Counties

4 of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, {hould be divided into Distridts ; and that the Countits of

4 Fife, Kinross, Clackmannan, Stirlings Linlithgow, Edinburgh» Haddington, Berwick, Roxburgh, Selkirkr

4 and Peebles, should be the thirteenth Disti id!; and, by the said Act, Corn was permitted to be carried-

4 Coastwise, in the Manner and under the Regulations by the said Act prescribed: And whereas another

4 Act was made in the thirty-third Year of the-Reign of his present Majesty, for amending the said Act u

4 And whereas it is found expedient that the County of Edinburgh should be disjoined from the aforesaid

4 thirteenth Distridt, and be erected into a DistridI by itself;' be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Exp-

edient Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That so much of the afore-

said Act made in the thirty-first Year of his Majesty’s Reign, as unites the County of Edinburgh with the

other Counties above mentioned, forming the thirteenth DistridI, dial! be, and the fame is hereby repealed

and the aforesaid Counties of Fife* Kinross, Clackmannan, Stirling, Linlithgow, Haddington, Berwick*

Roxburgh, Selkirk, and Peebles, shall be, and continue the thirteenth DistridI, subject to the lame Rules and

Regulations to which they were subject and liable before the passing of this Act.

II. And be it enacted. That the said County of Edinburgh shall, for the Purposes of the said Acts,be, and

be deemed to be, the seventeenth Distridt, and a DistridI by itself; and that the monthly Prices to be af-

certained within the City of Edinburgh, and returned by his Majesty’s Sheriff Depute in the Way and

Manner prescribed by the aforesaid Acts, shall regulate the Importation and Exportation of aft Kinds of

Corn, Meal, and Flour, with the Duties and Bounties thereon, and the carrying the fame Coastwise to and

fjrom the Port of Leith, and Creeks belonging thereto; and that all the Rules and Regulations contained in

the aforesaid Acts relative thereto, and to warehousing, and taking the fame out of VVaieftoufes, shall be ap-

plicable to the Lid seventeenth Distridt, as fully and eiicdtually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if it had been

constituted a DistridI by the first recited Act.

III. And be it enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in Force until the twenty-fifth Day of March

one thousand eight hundred and one,

*2 CAP.

