A. Q. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 49.

fions of the Coi/nty of Lincoln, it shall be lawful for such Persons, by virtue of such Appointment, to act as

such Commissioners in the hearing and determining Appeals arising within any Part of such County or

Riding, or of the Divisionsin the said County of Lincoln, and to (eictft and arrange amongst themselves for

what Part of such County, Riding, or Qivision, they will so act, giving due Notice thereof to the Commis-

sioners for the Affairs of 'Taxes; provided always, that no such Person shall act as a Commissioner of Ap-

peals, and also as a Commissioner for the Purposes of the said Acts, within the same Part of such County,

Riding, or Division aslaft aforesaid. ,

&c. according to Arrangements of which Notice ffiallbe given to the Tax Office j hut no Person fhr.ll ail as a Ccrnmlflioner of Appeals, and as a

General Commissioner within the same Distritt.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, any Qualification of

Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner for the PurpoLs of the said Acts, c r as a Commissioner ^iflioncre^

for hearing and determining Appeals, within or for any of the Counfics at large within the Dominion of cornmhfioners

Wales, or in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, who (hr.ll be p.offclfed of a Personal Eftat'jof the like of Appeal ftr

Value, or be fefied or possessed of an Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the like Nature and* Counties at

of Two-fifths of the Value, as is required as the Qualification of a Commissioner for the Purppfts of the large in Walts

said Acts, or of*a Commissioner for hearing and determining Appeals respectively, within and for any other ^ronarEriu-

County at large in Great Britain, without being subjeetto the Penalties in the said Acts contained for acting 0£tjlelike v’l_w

without the Qualification therein required in such Cafes 3 any Toing in any Act or Acts to the contrary iuC,oraRcai

thereof notwichltanding. EiUte of the

like Nature and

two Fifths of the Value required as a Qualification for Counties at large in Great Britain. [Srr 38 Go, 3. c. 13. § 23. ar.de. 22. § 3, 4, 5.]

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Provisions or Directions of the said Acts for no- IftheDireftions

minating and appointing Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Acts, or Commissioners for hearing for appointing^

Appeals, or any of them, shall have been or shall be found, reputed, or deemed inapplicable to any Li- mWlTonm^r

berty, Town, or Place in England, or to any Stewartry, Sheriffdom, or Place, or any Part thereof in Scot- Commissioners

land, by occasion whereof or for any other Cause such Commissioners shall not have been appointed, or having of Appeals,

been appointed shall have declined to act as such Commissioners respectively, in such Liberty, Town, or shall be found

Place in England, or in such Stewartry, Borough, or Place in Scotland, it shall be lawful for the Sheriff of in*pph-able to

such Liberty, Town, or Place in England, for the 'Time being, or in case there be no Sheriff, for the

Mayor, Bailiff/Coroner, or Chief Magistrate of such Liberty, 1'own, or Place in England, for the 7'ime any Stewartry,

being, and for the Sheriff* or Sheriff Depute of such Stewartry, Sheriffdom, or Place in Scotland for the Time &c in Scotland,

being, and such Officers respectively are hereby required, from Time to Time as often as there shall be andCommif-

Occasion, to summon the Persons named in the Commission of the Peace, having Authority to act as !?onerbscnot

Tuftices or Conservators of the Peace within or for such Liberty, Town, or Place in England, or such pointed^13"

Stewartry, Sheriffdom, or Place in Scotland; and such Justices or Conservators of the Peace so summoned shall havede-

respectively as aforesaid, shall* if in England, feled a sufficient Number of Persons qualified as required by dined to act,

the said Acts in the Cafes of Towns in England, not being Counties of themselves, and if in Scotland, the Sheriff, &c.

shall feled the like Number of Persons qualified as required by the said Acts in the Cafes of Stewartries in

Scotland, to be Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Acts, for such Liberty, Town, or Place in the

England, or such Stewartry, Sheriffdom, or Place in Scotland: and also a sufficient Number of Persons, Commission of

qualified as required by the said Acts, in the Cafes of Counties in England, and Shires and Stewartries in the Peace, who

Scotland respectively to be Commissioners for hearing and determining Appeals therein respectively; which ^all /tle& a

Persons shall be so selected from the Lifts of Persons so qualified, which shall be prepared and laid before

them at such Meeting by the respective Officers hereby required to summon such Persons, (and which Lifts t‘ b° commis-

every such Officer is hereby required to prepare and make out and lay before such Persons at such Meet- /ioners, from

ing,) with Power for the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes in England, and the Barons of the Ex- the Lifts of

chequer in Scotland, at the Request of any Person so qualified, to require his and their Name and Names to

be inserted therein, and also for such Persons to feled a sufficient Number of Persons also so qualified to sup- by the°re

ply Vacancies arising therein from Time to Time; and if the Persons present at the said Meeting or Meet- officers7re-

ings shall not find in any such Lifts sufficient Numbers of Persons qualified to be Commissioners, they quired tofum-

shall (elect such Number of Persons so qualified from any adjoining County in England, or Shire or mbn such Per-

Stewartry in Scotland; and the Names of such Persons (hr.il be returned to the Commissioners for the Af- *?ns> the

fairs of Taxes, and such Persons who shall be so selected shall be Commissioners respectively for the Pur- so^e1s°^rs

posts of the said Acts, and for hearing and determining Appeals, in the Order in which their Names shall England, and

be returned as aforesaid. Barons of Ex-

chequer in Scot-

land, at the Request of any qualified Person, may require his Name to be inserted therein, and if a sufficient Numb.’r be not found they shall Lied:

them from any adjoining County or Stewartry, and the Names of the Persons shall be returned to the Tax Office.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall happen that the Acts relating to the said When the in-

E>uties upon Income cannot be executed in any Year previous to the Time appointed for the Payment of

the first or any subsequent Instalment of the said Duties, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners who previousto the

shall have made any Assessment after the Period appointed for any fu^h Payment, (which they are hereby Time of paying

declared to be competent to do whenever the fame shall be necessary,) to settle and adjust at what 'Time any instalment

and in what Proportions the Instalment or Instalments, of which the Time or Times (or Payment shall the Commif-

then have elapsed, shall be paid, in such Manner as to them shall appear just and reasonable; Regard being Jj^ave made

had to the Amount of such Affeil'ment, and the Number of Days appointed (or the Payment of Instalments any Assessment

then to come in such Year. at ter the Period

appointed for any Payment, may settle at what Time and in what Proportions the Instalments clue shall be paid.

39 & 40 Geo. III. X x XXXIV. And

or Riding, or

of the three Di-

vi fion3 of Lin-

colnshire, may

ad [as such, cr

as general Can-

irtglcrcr: j with'

in any Part ot

such County,

