8i

I ‘

| A.D. 1799: Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 22.

n Deductions.

As under die Third Cafe, if payable by the Owner.

SIXTH CASE.

Houses demised to Tenants at Rack Rent.

The Income anting from such Houses shall be taken to be the full Amount of the Rent reserved for one

Year. '

Deductions.

Repairs, if not paid by the Tenant, as under the Second Cafe.

Ocher Deductions, as under the Third Cafe, as far as the fame are applicable, if payable by the Owner*

SEVENTH CASE.

Houses demised to Tenants in Con/tderation of Rent reserved and Fine.

As under the Fourth Cafe, mutatis mutandis.

Deductions.

Repairs, if not paid by the Tenant, as under the Second Cafe.

Ocher Deductions, as under the Third Cafe, as far as the fame are applicable, if payable by the Owner.

EIGHTH CASE.

Houses demised to Tenants, in Confederation of a Fine, without Rent% or a nominal Rent only.

As tinder the Fifth Cafe, mutatis mutandis.

(Deductions.

Repairs, if not paid by the Tenant, as under the Second Cafe.

Other Deductions, as under the Third Cafe, as far as the fame are applicable, if payable by the Owner.

I NINTH CASE.

Tythes in respect of Owners.

The Income anting.from such Tythes {hall be estimated on a fair Average for three Years preceding, of

the a&tial Value if taken in Kind, Regard, in such Cafe, being had to the Expence incurred in collecting the

feme, or, if compounded for, of the Competitions received for the fame.

Deductions.

| As under the ThirdsCafe, as far as the fame are applicable, if payable by the Owner; and also all Pay-

I menu made on Account of Parochial and other Rates, Taxes, ana Assessments, in respect of such Tythes

' which shall be payable by the Owner.

TENTH CASE.

Profit rf Manors, or of Timber or Woods, usually cut, periodically, and in certain Proportions, Mines,

I ' Itfurance Offices from Fire, and other Profits of uncertain Annual Amount.

The Income anting therefrom shall be estimated on such Average as shall be settled by the respective Com-

missioners, before whom the Question shall be depending, except in the Cafes of Mines, Insurance Offices

from Fire, where the Averagelhallbe taken on a Term not exceeding tive Years.

Deductions.

j As under die Third Cafe, as far as the fame are^applicable, if payable by the Owner.

ad. INCOME of Tenants of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments*

ELEVENTH CASE.

Lands or Hereditaments occupied by Tenants at Rack Rents.

If the Annual Value of such Lands or Hereditaments, estimated as herein-before directed in the General

Rule, be under three hundred Pounds, tfien the Income ariting therefrom to the Tenant shall be taken to be

not lese than one Half, or more than two Thirds of such Value j and if at three hundred Pounds or upwards,

then to be not lets than three Fifths or more than three Fourths of such Value.

Deductions.

Such and no other Deductions as are herein-aker comprized under the Head of M General

Deductions,” if payable by the Tenant.

TWELFTH CASE.

The Income ariting from Mines, Tythes. Woods, and other Hereditaments of uncertain Amount, when

, occupied by Tenants, to be charged as the lame would be charged in the Hands of the Owner, deducting

also the Rent payable for the lame.

39 Geo. III. M THIR-

I

4

