Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III.

A.D. 1799.

C.59. 125

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Commimoners

Majesty’s Customs, and they are hereby authorized and required, to make such Allowance to the Perfoos ^[an^01^

who are at present employed in the Service of the Customs, whose Incomes shall be reduced by the Operation sale ti,t;r offi-

of this Act, in l:eu of and by way of Compensation and Satisfaction for the fame, as they in their Discretion cers sffcded by

shall judge necessary, and so order or diredf; any Thing in*this present Act, or any other Act or Acts con- this At\.

tained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Duties and Drawbacks of Customs hereby imposed and Duties and

allowed, shall and may be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, reco- Drawbacks to

vered, and allowed in such and the like Manner, and in and by any' and either of the Ways, Means, and manned at

Methods, so far as the same are applicable to this Act, by which any of the Duties or Drawbacks of Cuf- anTDra\vb^ks

toms on Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imposed and payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in &c.

Force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised*

levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, recovered, and allowed; and the Goods, Wares, or Merchan-

dize so by this Act made chargeable with the said Duties of Customs, and on which the Drawbacks are

allowed, shall be, and the fame are hereby made subject and liable to nil and every the Conditions, Regula-

tions, Rules, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to which any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, upon

which any Duties or Drawbacks of Customs are imposed or payable, were subject and liable by any Act or

Acts of Parliament in Forceonand immediately before the passing of this Act; and all and every Pain*

Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts

of Parliament in Force on and immediately before the patting of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of

Customs, or for the Regulation and Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses* Powers, and Dr-

redtions, therein contained, shall, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively

applied, practised, and put in Execution, for and in respect of the Duties or Drawbacks of Customs hereby

charged and allowed, as far as the fame are applicable thereto, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents

and rurposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Pains*

Penalties, and Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-en2dted in the Body of this present Act.

XXV* And be it further enacted, That all Penalties incurred by this Act shall and may be sued for, prose- Penalties under

cated, recovered, and disposed of in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, asany Penal- may

ties incurred for any Offence against the Laws of Customs may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, reco- dif ©if a*

vered, and disposed of; and the Officer or Officers concerned in Prosecutions under this Act, shall be en- rhofe'unde/

titled to and receive fuGh Share of the Produce arising from any pecuniary Fine or Penalty, or Composition former Acts*

paid for any Offence against this Act, as they are now by any Law or Regulation entitled to upon Profecu-

tions for pecuniary Penalties.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Limitation of

Person or Personsfor any Thing done or performed in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be Actions.

commenced within three Calendar Months next after the Fadt committed, and not afterwards, and shall be

laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or

Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General IfTuc, and may give this Act and the special GeneralIflue*

Matter in Evidence at any 'Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or De-

fendants in such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their

Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants hath or have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment

Call be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, Cofl*.

and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant hath in any other Cafes to recover Costs by Law. ma f a,

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enaiied, That this Act, or any Part thereof, may be altered* teredo?repealed

varied, or repealed, by aay Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament*. thu Sctfion*

TABLE A.

Arrangoes.—For every f. 100* of the true and real Value thereof, ac-

cording to the Giols Price at which such Goods shall have been fold

at the publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of

England trading to the Ec/Jt Indies, and in that Proportion for any

greater or less Value —* — —

Callicoes.—/-7s.

■—----- Plain White Callicoes, the Piece — —

■ For such of the said Goods which shall be exported from this

Kingdom, having been printed, framed, painted, or dyed, therein,

the Piece ——

N. B. No Piece of Callico of the Breadth of one Yard and one

Quarter, or under, shall exceed in Length ten Yards, and no

Pitce of Callico above that Breadth shall exceed fix Yards;,

and if any Piece of Callico shall exceed those Lengths, the

. fame shall be charged according to the respective Lengths of

ten Yards and fix Yards for each Piece, and shall pay Duty

for the fame in that Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Duty. Drawback

£ s. d. £ 1 5.

53 9 >!

— 6 1 8

6

Callicoes.

