A.D i 1B00, Anno 390 & 40* Georgii III. C. 87. 421

His Majesty

may cause a

I Niblick Office

to be eftiblish-

ed at or near

Justices to at-

tend at certain

Hoars.

* of his present Majesty, intituled, An ASt for the more effectual Adm 'mifiration of the Office of a Justice of 3* Geo. 3.0.53*

€ the Peace in such Paris of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie tfi or near the Metropolis ; and for

* the more effectual Prevenfhn of FeloniesMay it please your Majesty that it may be enaaed : and be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, fn this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

That it shall be Uwful for his Majesty to c^use a Publick Office to fie established at or near trapping New

Stairs, in the Parish of Saint John of topping, in the County of Middlesex, under the Name of The

Thames Police Office, and to appoint three fit and able Persons. being each of them a Justice of the Peace

for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, and Effiex, and for the City and Liberty of Wtfltninster, and cQ K w near

for the Liberty of the 1 owen'of London, to lit and act, by the Special Appointment of his Majesty, for the^ wapping New

Purpose of hearing and determining Complaints of Offences committed on the River Thames, within the' Stairs, and ap-

Limits of the aforesaid Counties, City, and Liberties respectively, or elsewhere within the Limits aforesaid, point three Spe-

and of executing all other Powers appertaining to the Office of a Justice of the Peace, and arising within ^c^rminin* *or

the said Limits* Complaint* of

Offences committed on the River Thames.

II. And be tt further enacted. That one or more of the said Special Justices to be appointed as aforesaid,

shall diligently attend at the said Publick Office every Day, from ten in the Morning until eight in the

Evening, and at such other Times and Places as shall be found necessary ; and that two of the said Justices

so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall in like Manner attend together at the said Office from eleven in the

Forenoon until one in the Afternoon, and from fix in the Evening until eight in the Evening of every Day:

Provided always* That the Attendance of one of the said Justices may be supplied during the Hours at

which the Attendance of two is required as aforesaid, by any other Justice of the Peace for the said Count-

ries, City, and Liberties respectively.

III. And be it further enacted. That the said Special Justices so appointed to attend at the said Publick

Office as aforesaid, and their Clerks, shall, in Books to be provided for that Purpose, keep a full, true, and

eirticular Account of all theFees taken and received at the said Office, as also of all Penalties and For-

itures which shall have been recovered, levied, or received in pursuance of any Adjudication, Conviction,

or Order, had or made at the said Publick Office, or any Procets or Warrant iuuing from the same, and also

of all other Sum and Sums of Money which shall be at any Time received by the said Justices, their Clerks

or Officers, under and by virtue of this Adf, to which said Books and Accounts, the Receiver to be appointed

in Manner herein after mentioned, shall at all Times have free Access, and the said Justices shall once in

every Month deliver unto such Receiver such Account, verified bpon Oath by such Justices, or one of them*

their Clerk or Clerks, and such other Person or Persons as shall be employed in keeping such Accounts

respedVively, or any Part thereof, before iome Justice of the Peace for one of the said Counties of Mid-

dlesex, Surrey, Kent, or Essex^ which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized and required to administer, and

shall pay and cause to be paid the Amount of all such Fees unto such Receiver, to be applied in Manner

herein after mentioned: any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and a/ter the Establithment of the said Publick Office, all

such Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures, as are or shall be limited and made

payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or to any Description of Persons other than the Informer

or Informers who shall sue for the same, or any Party grieved, and which shall be recoverable in a fumrftary

Way before a Justice or Justices of the Peace, and which shall be recovered or adjudged before any Justice

or Justices of the Peace at the said Publick Office, shall be accounted for and paid into the Hands of the

Receiver, to be appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned, by the Justice, Clerk, Constable, Officer, or

other Person or Persons who shall levy or receive the same, to be applied by such Receiver in Manner herein-

after-mentioned ; any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, to direct Salaries to be paid to the Justices so appointed

to attend the said Publick Office, for their Time and ( rouble, and such further Sums for their Expences

in the said Offices, and for the Payment of Clerks and others therein employed, in such Manner as to his

Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflers, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, shall seem meet t

Provided always. That the yearly Salary to be paid to each of the Justices, shall be four hundred Pounds,

clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatever: Provided also, That the whole Charges attending the said Of-

fice (the said Salaries being included) shall not exceed the annual Sum of eight thousand Pounds.

Account of

Fees, &c. taken

at the Office to

be delivered

Monthly to the

Receiver, and

the Amount

paid to him.

All Penalties,

(except to In-

formers and

Parties grieved)

recovered at the

Office shall be

paid to the Re-

ceiver.

His Majesty, by

Advice of bit'

Privy Council,

may direct Sa-

laries to

to the Justices,

ftc.

Salary to each

4001. clear.

The whole Ex-

pence of the Office not to exceed 8000L

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

to appoint any proper Person to be the Receiver of the said Publick Office; which said Receiver shall re-

ceive all Fees, Penalties, Forfeitures, and all and every other Sum and Sums of Money applicable to the

Purposes of this Act; and from the Produce of such Fees, Penalties, Forfeitures, Sum and Sums of Mo-

ney, shall pay, discharge, and disburse all the Salaries, Expences, and Charges attending the said Publick

Office, and the carrying this A St into Execution, and shall make all such Contracts as shall from Time to

Time be necessary for that Purpose; and shall every six Months, and,oftener if required, deliver to his Ma-

jesty’s Principal secretary of State for the Home Department, but to no other Person or Persons whomso-

ever. a full and particular Account of all Monies by him received and paid as aforesaid, with Vouchers fov

the fame, which Account shall be verified upon Oath before any Justice or Baron of any of his Majesty’*

Courts of Record at Westminster \ and such Receiver (b to be appointed under this Act, shall have and be

entitled

His Majesty

may. appoint a.

Receiver of alt'

Fees, &c.

Ditty of th«

Receiver-

Receiver to

tynre such.

