582 C. 21, 22. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A. D. 1800.

White Herrings

di (continued

until October

15, 18cn.

Recovery and

Application of

Penalties.

Continuance

Ot AO.

4 repealing4he Duties on Salt, and the Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties paid thereout, and for granting'

4 other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties thereon, a Bounty of two Shillings and eight Pence was

4 granted on every Barrel of White Herrings, containing thirty-two Gallons, which should be duly exported

4 to Parts beyond the Seas: And whereas it is expedient that the said Bounty should be discontinued for a

4 limited Timej’ be it therefore enacted. That the said Bounty dial I be discontinued until the fifteenth Day of

October one thousand eight hundred and one, save and txcept any Arrears of Bounty that may be due be-

fore the passing of this A£i.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed by this Act,

shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty,

or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by A&ioti

of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, ox in the

Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively ; and that one Moiety of any such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture,

shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, or them, who will inform,

discover, or sue for the same.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect from the Day on

which the fame shall receive the Royal Assent, and shall remain and continue in force until the fifteenth

Day of October one thousand eight hundred and one.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to authorize his Majesty to appoint Commissioners for the more effectual Ex-

amination of Accounts of Publick Expenditure for His Majesty’s Forces in the West

Indies during the prefenc War. £31 ft December 1800.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made for the speedy and effectual Examination

on the Spot of the Accounts of the several Commissaries and other Persons in Publick Employ-

4 ments, who have been or who may be entrusted with the Expenditure of the Publick Money during the

4 present War, in any of the Islands in the West Indies, or with any of his Majesty’s Forces (erving out of

4 this Kingdom ; for the Information of the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, and for the

4 better enabling of the said Commissioners to investigate such Accounts be it therefore enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

His Majesty poral, and Commons in this prefenr Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from

^vYcomm'if- anc* a^ter Pass,n£ of r^'s it shall be lawful for his Majesty to nominate and appoint, by Commission

fionersTr'tx- under the Great Seal of Great Britain, such and such Number of Persons, not exceeding five, to be Com-

amining the Ac- missioners for examining and investigating the Publick Accounts, of all the Commissaries and other Persons

counts of Com- .who have been or who may he concerned in the Expenditure of Publick Monies during the present War,

m.fTarics and in any of the Islands in the West Indies, or who have been or may be employed with any of his Majesty’s

Forces, on any Foreign Service or Station, and making Reports thereon, to the Commissioners for auditing

dies and on Fo^ the Publick Accounts: Provided always. That the Governor, or in the Absence of the Governor, the

reign Service, Lieutenant Governor, or Person acting as Governor, and the Commander in Chief of his Majesty’s Forces

and making Re- for the Time beii^g, if any such there be in the island or Place where any Investigation under the Authority

porrs therecn to of this A& shall take place, and where such Commissioners shall for the Time being act in the Execution of

crsCfor^(i?t°ng thclr ^®ces> shall be of the Number of such Commissioners.

Publick Accounts. The Governor, tec. of the Place, shall always be one.

The Treasury

may appoint

CKhctrs and

Clerks to afilft

the Com mi f-

honers, and

ai:ow them

Salaries.

Commissiorers

may call before

them a.l Persons

concerned in

the expenditure

cf Publick Mo-

nies, or in lui-

nrfh.ng Stoics,

4cc.

II. And be it further enacted. That the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury,

or any three of them, for the Time being, shall be, and he or they are hereby authorized to appoint such

Officers and Clerks and other Persons, to aid and alii ft such Commissioners as aforesaid, in the Execution

of their Offices, as shall appear to them to be ncceflfiry from Time to Time, with such Salaries to each as

they shall judge proper, and to allow such reasonable Sums as to them shall teem fit, from Time to Time,

for incidental Charges to be incurred therein ; and such Officers, Clerks, and other Persons, shall not

in any Cafe whatever, be entitled to, or take, or receive, any Fees, Gratuities, or Perquisites what-

ever.

IIT. And be it further ena£led, That the said Commissioners, or any two of them, shall be, and they are

hereby authorized and required to call before them by Precepts, under the Hands of any two or more of

f ch Comnutfioners. all Persons who shall in any Cafe have been concerned in the Expenditure of any

Publick Money,or wK> shall have been in any way concerned in the supplying or furnishing any Money, Bills,

Picvisions, Stores, or other Articles for the Publick Service, or any Person who in their Judgment may be

likely to give useful Information on the Subject of any Enquiry which rrsy be depending in any such island

or Place aforesaid, or in negotiating B lls, and the Agents, Clerks, and Servants of any inch Persons afore -

said, to attend upon them personally from Time to l ime, as they shall be required, and to exhib t to them

the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, all such Accounts, Books, Ccitificates, Warrants,

Muniments, Receipts, Bills of Exchange, Notes, or other Papers whatever, in the Poifeifion of any such Per-

son or Persons, or of any other Person or Persons for him, her, or them, which to such Commissioners, or any

two or more of them, dial! appear to be necessary for the Purpose of their Examination of any Expenditure

of any Publick Monies, or for the investigation of any Pubnek Accounts, or of the Rate of Exchange, at

waich

