as Lord '

JDont.

A.EViffco. Anno 390 8c 40® Georgii III. cxvl—cxviik 527

formation, signed by the Person giving the fame, being fixed on one of the Doors of the said Parish Churches

of TJceifing and Nannerch reflectively,) and1 such Justices shall ard are hereby empowered to examine and

enquire into such Complaint, in a summary Way, by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath

such Justices are hereby empowered to administer,) or by such other Evidence or Proof, Ways and Means,

a6 they shall think proper; and all and every Sum and Sums of Money paid in Satisfaction of such Damages,

and the reasonable Charges of giving and profecufing such Information (to be settled by the said Justices)

shall be borne and paid by the Owners or Occupiers of all the Allotments of the Lands and Grounds hereby

intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by an equal Rate, to be a fie fled and charged upon them in re-

spect of their several Allotments, by such Justices, in such Shares and Proportions as shall be just, according

to the respective yearly Rents or Values, which shall be ascertained and determined by the Aii^fTments to the

Poor Rates for the Time being of the said Allotments; and in case any Person, who shall be charged to such

equal Rate as aforesaid, shall refuse or negleift to pay the fame within a Time to be limited by the said Juf-

tices, to the Person informing as aforesaid, then the said Justices shall and are hereby required, by Warrant

under their Hands and Seals, to cause the fame to be levied by Distrds and Sale of the Goods and Chattels

erf the Person refuting or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus, (if any,) after deducing

the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distrtf?, and Sale, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattel^

upon Demand; and in case any Occupier of any of the fad Allotments shall pay any Part or Sha*c of such

equal Rates as aforesaid, every such Occupier shall be at Liberty to deduct the fame out of his or her next

Rent, and his or her Landlord shall and is hereby required to allow such Deduction.

u Limitation of Actions; six Months. § 64.”

. LXV, And be it further enable d, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be Saving hitMa.

construed to extend, to defeat, leften, or prejud ce the Right, Title, or Interest of the King’s most Excel- jsAy*« Rights

lent Majesty, as Lord Paramount of the said Lordship or Hundred of Colejhili; but that his Majesty, his

Heirs and Successors, may, from Time to Time and ac nil Times hereafter, hold and enjoy all the Rents,-

$ervices, Courts, Ferciuifitcs and Profits of Courts, Deodands, Waifs, Estrays, Forfeitures, and all other

Royalties, Privileges, Pre-eminences, Manerial JurisdRlions, and Appurtenances whatsoever, except Right

of Common and of Soil,.Springs, and other Matters, (not being Quarries, Mines, or Minerals,) which*

Springs and other Matters (not being Quarries, Mines, or Minerals): shall belong to the several Personsv

Bodies Politick or Corporate, to whom any Allotment shall be made by virtue of this A ft; and which said

Quarries, Mines, or Minerals shall continue to belong to such Person or Persons, Body.or Bodies Politick

or Corporate, as werelawfully entitled to the fame before the passing of this Act.

u General Saving. § 66, PuMick A&. § 67.”

Cap. cxvii.

An A & for enabling Trustees to enfranchise Copy holdMcflti ages or Tenements in the Manor of Bright-

helmftony in the County of Saffexy and to graht Leases of certain other Tenements within th6 said Manor*

devised by the Will of the late Charles Scrafe Esquire, deceased. [30th May 1800.]

Cap.cxvuu

An Act for draining; embanking, and preserving divers Tradfcs of Land within the Town-

ship of MuftoHy in the Parish of Hunmanby% and also within sundry other Parishes,

Townships, pr Places adjoining or near to the Rivers Derwent and Harford\ in the East

and North Ridings of the County oiYork. [a8th July 1800.]

c IT THEREAS there are within the Township of Mvflon, in the Parish of Hunmanby% and within the

several Parishes, Townships, or Places of East Plot manly. Weft Flotmanhy Folkton, FUxton, Stax-

4. ton JVtllerhy^ Binmngton, Gantcny Potter Brompton, Sherburny Bast Hejlerton, West Hejlertony and Ted-

4 dinghamy in the East Riding of the County of York, and also within the several Parfthes, TownQiips*

4‘or Places of Ebberftony Yeddingham-Mbey, Snainion, Brompton% Ru/hny Wykehamy East Ajtony Irton9

4 Searner, Caytony Lebberfloriy and Grifthorpe, in the North Riding of the same County, and in such Part of

4 th* Township of Seamer aforesaid, as lies within the said East Riding, divers Trafls of Land, computed

4 to contain in the Whole six thousand Acres and upwards, through which the Rivers Derwent and Har~

4 ford, and also sundry Brooks, have their separate and conjoint Courses, the Channels and Beds of which

4 said Rivers and Brooks are, for Want; of proper Fall, very infufiicient to contain and convey the l*lood

4 Waters thereof within the jpresent Limits, and such Flood Waters being also greatly impeded in their Paf*

4 sage by the many bending Directions in which the said Rivers and Brooks take their Courses, the said Lands

4 are thereby subject to be greatly overflowed and otherwise injured, by reason whereof the fame are, in the

4 present State of the said Rivers and Brooks, incapable of any considerable Improvement, or of being put

4 into a State of Cultivation; and although the said Lands are capable of being effedlunlly drained and pre-

4 served, to the great Advantage of the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof, and Benefit of the Publick,

and may be made fit and convenient for the Purposes of Husbandry, yet the fame cannot be accomplished

« without the Authority of Parliament:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be evaded; and

be it enacted, bY.

44 Directors and Commissioners appointed. §*:V. be. Surveyors appointed to survey and make three Maps

44 or Plans of all the Lands liable to be afiefled under this A which shall be verified on Oath before a Just ce.

44 § 11. Thb Commissioners required to value the Lands in their present State and insert such Valuation on*

44 the Plans. § 12.”

XXXIX. And

