XIX

(Public GeneralJ 39 & 40 GEO. III.

30. An Act for extending, from the twenty-fifth Day of

March one thousand eight hundred, until the twenty-fifth

Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, the

Period of Preference, granted and continued by several

Acte to Bodies Corporate and Persons for the Redemption

of Land Tax; and for enlarging several of the Powers

contained in the said Acts. Page 303

31. An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execu-

tion an Adof this Session of Parliament, intituled,' an Act

for continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Pen-

jions, Offices, andPersonalEstates, in England, Wales, and

the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on

Sugar, A salt. Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the

Year one thousand eight hundred, together with those named

in two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the

Land Tax. 307

31.^ An Act for indemnifying Persons serving in Volunteer

Corps, who have omitted to take out Certificates for

wearing Hair Powder: and to amend so much of an Act,

made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a

Duty on Certificates fitted for ifing Hair Powder, as re-

lates to the exempting Persons serving in Volunteer Corps,

and certain Officers in his Majesty’s Navy serving on the

Eftalplishment of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, from

the said Duty; and for obliging Persons claiming to be ex-

empt from the Duties on Horses provided and furnished for

Volunteer Corps to deliver Certificates thereof to the

proper Officers. 308

33. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Ma-

jesty *s Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, to a limited

Amount, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have

been or shall be granted by Parliament, for the Service of

the Year one thousand eight hundred; and to enable the

Governor and Company of the Bank of England to ad-

vance Cash or Bullion* to be remitted Abroad on Account

of Foreign Subfidiesor Services Abroad. 310

34. An Act to permit the Importation of Goods and Com-

modities from Countries in America, belonging to any

Foreign European Sovereign or State, in neutral Ships*

until the twenty^ninth Day of September, one thousand

eight hundred and one. Ibid.

35. An Act for granting a Bounty on the Importation of

Oats* until the first Day of October one thousand eight

hundred. 311

36. An Act to enable Courts of Equity to compel a Transfer

of Stock in Suits, without making the Governor and Com-

pany of the Bank of England, or the United Company of

Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or the Go-

vernor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading

to the South Seas or other Parts of America, Party thereto. 312

37. Ai\ Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloath-

ing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called

England, for one Year, from the twenty-fifth Day or

March one thousand eight hundred. 313

3$. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the lait

Session of Parliament, intituled,^ An Act for permitting cer-

tain Goods imported from the East Indies to be wai ehoafed,

and for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and grant-

ing other Duties in lieu thereof; as relates to Saltpetre.

Ibid.

39. An Act for encreasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid

to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. Ibid.

40. An Act to enlarge the Powers of the Directors and Guar-

dians of the Poor within the several Hundreds, '['owns, and

Distrids, in that Part of Great Britain called England, in-

corporated by divers Acts of Parliament, for the Purpose

of the better Maintenance and Employment of the Pc or,

as to the Assessments to be made upon the several Parishes,

Hamlets and Places therein mentioned, until the first Day

of January one thousand eight hundred and two. Page 314

41. An Act for explaining and amending several Acts,

made in the thirty-second Year of King Henry the

Eighth, and the first, thirteenth, and fourteenth Years of

the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as respeds Leases

granted by Archbishops, Bishops, Masters and P'ellows of

Colleges, Deans and Chapters of Cathedral and Collegiate

Churches, Mailers and Guardians of Hospitals, and others

having any Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Living or Promotion.

3*>

42^. An Act for the better Obfer vance of Good Friday in

certain Cafes therein mentioned. 317

43. An Act to confirm an Agreement entered into between

the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury and the Molt

Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, in pursuance of an

Ad, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, an Act to enable the ComwiJJton-

ers of the Treasury to contract with the Aloft Noble Charles

Duke Richmond, for the ahfolute Purchase of the Pro-

perty of the said Duke, and of ail others interest ed, in a cer-

tain Duty of twelve Pence per Chaldron on Coals shipped in

the River 1'yne to be consumed in England, and to grant a

Compel fat ion for the fame, by way of Annuity, payable out of

the Consolidated Fund. Ibid.

44. An Act for granting, until the twenty-fifth Day of March

one thousand eight hundred and one, certain Allowances,

to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of Militia,

disembodied under an Act of this Session ofiParliament, in-

tituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to accept the Services

of an additional Number of Volunteers from the Militiay un-

der certain R ft rift ions. 318

45. An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act, made

in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, for better securing the Duties on Glass, as was to

continue in force for a limited Time; and to continue

several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty upon cer-

tain Species of British and Irish Linens exerted, and

taking oft' the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw

Linen Yarns made of Flax, until the twenty-fourth Day

of June one thousand eight hundred and one; to the

tetter Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in

Great Britain, to the encouraging the Manufacture of

British Sail Cloth, and securing the Duties on Foreign-

made Sail Cloth imported, to the securing the Duties

upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-

made Sails with a Duty? until the twenty-ninth Day of

September one thousand eight hundred and four, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament;

to the regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs,

and of the Naval Officers in the British Colonies in Ame~

rica, and of the Officers of the Customs in the Island of

Nwfoundiand, until the ninth Day of Alay one thousand

eight hundred and four, and from thence to the End of

the then next Session of Parliament; to the landing Rum

or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment

of the Duties of Excise, until the twenty-ninth Day of

September one thousand eight hundred and five, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament 5

to the encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfound*

land and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland,

and the British Dominions in Europe, until the first Day

of January one thousand eight hundred and two; and to

the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries

carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davts's Straits, until

the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand eight

hundred and one. 320

c 2 46. An

