A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. liii—lx. 503

44 Keeper of the County Gaol to give Security to the City for the Safe-keeping, of Prisoners for the said

44 City and Close. § 8.”

X. Provided alwayfe nevertheless, That the Sheriff of the County of Wilts shall not, at any Time or Sheriff not liable

Times hereafter, be liable to any Action or Prosecution whatsoever, for or on Account of the Escape of ,0”f or

any Petfon or Persons to be hereafter committed to the said County Gaol by virtue of the Powers and Au- p^onerL

thoriries in this Act contained.

XI. And be it further enacted, That, for the Purposes aforesaid, the said County Gaol at Fi/herton Anger Jaunty Gao11*

shall be and shall be deemed and taken to be within and Part of the said City, and that the Person or Per- PuwfwoC

fons who shall be confined therein by virtue of this Act, shall be deemed and taken to be confined within thisAaywithij*

the said City. the Limits of

Cap. Kv. this City.

An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of

his present Majesty King Georze the Third d, for improving the Navigation of the River Oufey between d [31 Geo. j,

Newhanren Bridge and Lewes Bridge, in the County of Sussex, and for the better draining of the Low c* 7^*2

Lands lying in Lewes and Laughton Levels, in the said County. [20th June 1800. J

Cap. Iv-

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Leicester Navigation to Mel-

ton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to complete their Navigation, and to discharge the Debts con-

tracted by them in the making thereof; and for amending the Act, passed in the thirty-first Yeas of the

Reign of his present Majesty e, for making and maintaining the said Navigation. [20th June 1800.]

Cap. IvL

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Oakham Canal to raise Money for completing the

said Canal, and also for altering and amending an Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty f, for making the said Canal. [20th June 1800.]

[31 Geo. 3.

c.77]

f [33 Geo, 3^

c. 103.]

Cap. lvii.

An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Lancaster Canal Navigation to complete the TScc 3* G€0- 3-

fame. [20th June 1800.] c.1015 ^Geo^.

Cdp.Wm. ,07‘i

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Marsh Meadow, and Waste Lands, in

the Manor of Forebridge, and in the Parish of Castle Churchy in the County of Stafford^ and for embank-

ing and draining Part of the said Common Fields, Marsh Meadow, and Waste Lands, and certain other

Low Lands and Grounds in the said Parish of Castle Churchy and in the adjoining Parishes, Townships,

and Places of Sow Saint Thomas, other wise Saint Thomas upon Sow, Cotony Berkjwichy and Saint Mary ii*

Stafford^ in the said County of Stafford. [20th June 1800.I

Cap. lix.

An Act for building a new Bridge over the River Chelmer, or Blachuatery at Fullbridgey in the Town of

Maldonjwi the County of Essex. [20th June 180a]

Cap. ]*,

An Act for establishing and well governing the Charitable Institution commonly called

The Asylum> or House of Refuge for the Reception of Orphan Girls, the Settlements of ,

whole Parents cannot be found, and for incorporating the Subscribers thereto; and for

she better empowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful De*

Jfigns. [20th June 1800.]

WHEREAS in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, a Charitable Society was en-

tered into by several Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, for establishing an Asylum or House

for the Reception, Maintenance, Education, and Employment of friendless and deserted Orphan Girls,

the Settlements of whose Parents could not be found, and the feme hath been from that Time carried on

in an House and Premises provided for the Purpose, situate in the Parish of Saint Mary, Lambeth, in the

4 County of Surrey; and the said Charity hath been supported by the Voluntary Subscriptions and Dona-

4 tions of charitable and well-disposed Persons, and a very great Number of such Orphan Girls have been*

4 received into and maintained and educated thereby, and at proper Ages apprenticed therefrom; and such

4 Orphan Girls have not only been Ihekered and protected from Vice and Want, but carefully instrufted

# in the Principles of Religion, and in Reading, Writing, Needlework, and Household Business, and trained

4 to Habits of Industry and Regularity, whereby the Pubttck hath been and continues to be provided with

4 a Supply of diligent and sober Female Domestic Servants 1 And whereas Experience hath shewn that

the said Charity hath been hitherto of considerable Use and an Advantage to the Public, and it is appre-

4 hended that if countenanced and supported by the Laws of this Realm, and established upon a permanent

4 Footing, and veiled with Powers for better enabling the.Subscribers thereto to carry into Execution their

4 charitable and useful Design?, the said Charity would be of much more extensive Use, and of still greater

3, 4 Benefit.

