A. D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 72,73.74- *39

c made for the Assessment of such Contributions on Persons afling as Trustees, Agents, Receivers, Guard-

* ians. Tutors, Curators, Committees, and others, in the actual Receipt of Income of Persons, Bodies

* Politick and Corporate, for whom they shall act as aforesaid; and according to such Provisions two or

4 more Persons may be respcCbivdy assessed for the Whole of the Contribution payable in respect of such

i Income, Whereby more than one such Contribution may be assessed for such Income, contrary to the triple

* Intent and Meaning of the said ACfc Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Conl'ent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That where two or more Persons shall be liable to be assessed

for the fame Income, as Trustees, Agents, Receivers, Guardians, Tutors, Curators, Committees, or

otherwise, it shall be lawful for such Persons respectively to give Notice in Writing to the Commissioners

acting for each Parish and Place in which they shall be liable to be so assessed, dating in what Parish or Place

(being the Parish or Place of Residence of fomeor one of such Persons) they are respectivelydefirous of being

fb assessed, and such Persons respectively giving such Notice shall be assessed accordingly ; and if any such

Persons or Person have been, or shall be assessed in more than one Paridi or Place, or by more than one

Assessment, for such Income, one Contribution shall ba paid by all such Persons for such Income notwith-

standing such Assessment; and it shall be lawful for such Persons respectively to pay such Contribution in

one Parishor Place only, or into the Bank of England, in pursuance of the Directions in the said Aci con-

tained, for Payment of Contributions into the Bank of England-, and for the Purpose of relieving all

such Persons from the Effect of more than one Assessment for the fartte Income, it shall be lawful for such

Persons respectively to apply to the Co'mmissioners acting for the several Parishes or Places in which such Per-

fons respectively shall be so.assessad, and to obtain from the Commissioners acting for the Parish or Place in

which they shall elect to dand or be assessed, a Certificate that they have so elected, which Certificate shall

He given gratis, and upon Production of such Certificate to the Commissioners a&tng for the other P^ri(hes

or Places in which such Persons '{hall have been so assessed, such Comnvflioners shall cause the Assessments

made on such Persons, or any of them, in such other ParKhes or Places respectivety to be vacated, so that

fijeh Persons respectively may not be charged by more than one Assessment in respect of such Income, Pb10

according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act and this ACT a”1

Certificate of the Parish in which they choose to be assessed, which shall vacate any other AssessVnents for the fame Income

Where twoot

more" Tru flees,

Sec. are liable to

be assessed for

the fame In-

come, they may

respeOively give

Notice to the

Commissionrrs,

flatir.g the Pa-

rifli in which

they desire to he

assessed, and if

more than one

Assessment is

made for such

Income, one

Contribution

only shall be

paid ; and the

Persons so ar-

retted may ap-

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for exempting certain specifick Legacies which shall be given to Bodies Corpo-

; rate, or other Publick Bodies, from the Payment of Duty j and also the Legacy of

Books and other Articles given by the Will of the lace Reverend Clayton Mordaunt

Cracberode to the Trustees of the British Museum.—[12th July 1799.]

•TWHEREAS it is expedient that certain specifick Legacies given to Bodies Corporate, and other

4 VV Publick Bodies and Societies, fllould be exempted from the Duties imposed on Legacies be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afi'embled, and by the Authority of the same,

That, from and after the pa fling of this Act, no Legacy, confiding of Books, Prints* Pidtares, Statues,

Gems, Coins, Medals, Specimens of Natural History, or other specifick Articles, which shall be given

or bequeathed to or in Trust for any Body Corporate, whether Aggregate or Sole, or to the Society of 8er~

jaants Inn, or any of the Inns of Court or Chancery, or any endowed School, in order to be kept and

preserved by such Body Corporate, Society, or School, and not for the Purposes of Sale, shall be liable to

any Duty impo'.ed on Legacies by any Law nowin Eoifce.

II. 4 And whereas the late Reverend Clayton Mor daunt Cracherode, Master of Arts, arid one of the

* 7‘ruftees of the British Museum, hath bequeathed to the said Trustees and their Succefl'orS, a very valur

4 able Collection of Books, Drawings, and Prints, and also of Gems, Coins, Medals, and Specimens of

4 Natural History, together with the Cabinets in which the fame are contained; all which Articles*have

4 been collected with thegreateft Care and Judgment, and at an Expence amounting to a very consider-

4 able Sum be it therefore further enacted. That the said Legacy shall be exempted from the Payment of

any Duty to which the fame is now liable.

CAP. LXXIV.

No Legacy of

Hooks, See. be-

queathed to any

Body Corpo-

rate, Sec to be

preserved, shall

be liable to any

Duty.

The Legacy of

the Reverend

Clayton Mor-

daunt Crachc-

rode to the

British Museum

of Books, Sec.

flu 11 be exempt*

td from Duty.

An Act for further continuing until the first Day of February one thousand eight hundred

and three, an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Ma-

jesty, intituled, An At1 to enable the Lord High Freajurer, or of the

'Treasury for the 'time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act, made in the

* twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty sReign, let to Hire for travelling

Foft, and by Time, to JUcb Persons'as should be willing to the fame.

[i ath 1799.]

“ 17 Geo. III. Cap. 26. (continued by [30 Geo.III. 23.] 33 III. 71.: 36 III.

“ Cap' 8+0 recited. From Aug. 1,1799, Treasury may (either by themselves or the Commissioners of

T 2 “ Stamps)

