A.D. 1799.’ Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 84,85^86. 175

4 Male of his Body; and in Default of Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord George Henry Lenox, then

4 to the Use of the Heirs of the Body of the said Charles first Duke of Richmond: And whereas the ulti-

4 mate Reversion in the said Duties is Vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors: And whereas the

4 Comroissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom, in their

4 Report, made in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, Rated, as their Opinion, that it

4 would tend jo Uniformity in the Collection and the Application of the Custom Duties if the Duties on ,

4 Coals, holden under ancient Grants from the Crown, could be, with the Consent of the Grantees, (eft-

4 tied on the Crown for the Publick Service: And whereas the Sele& Committee of Finance, appointed by*

the House of Commons, in their fourth Report, made in the Year one thousand (even hundred and ninety-

1 seven, having had under their Consideration thet>efore mentioned Report, and also a Report of the Com-

4 million*rs of the Customs, strongly recommended that the said Duties should be settled in the Crown, if

the Consent of the Grantees could be obtained Be it therefore enacted, &c.

44 The Treasury empowered to treat with the Duke of Richmond and his Heirs for their Right under the re-

4i cited Letters Patent and Act of Parliament to the said Duty on Coals, for an Annuity, hot exceeding the

44 annual Amount of the Duties on an Average of ten Years preceding Dec. 25, *798. $ 1. Annuity to be \

44 payableout of the Consolidated Fund. $ 2. The Duke of Richmond, fcfr. to have the fame Estate in the

44 Annuity as in the Duty. § 3. Annuity to be subject to Redemption as shall be agreed upon between the

44 Treasury and the Duke himself. § 4. After a Day to be mentioned in the Contract the Duty to be pay-

m able to his Majesty, as other Duties on Coals. § c. Duty to be under the Management of the Com-

44 missioners of Customs, and raised by the fame Means as other Duties of Customs, &V. \ 6. Duty to

44 be paid into the Exchequer, and made Part of the’ Consolidated Fund. § 7. TheTreasury may direct

44 the Duties not to be received, or to be returned in Cafes of Lofc by Sea or other Circumstances of Hard*

44 ship. 4 8. Receiver General of the Customs shall pay the Annuity of coo/, mentioned in the Letter*

44 Patent. § 9”

CAP. LXXXW

An Act to protect Matters against Embezzlements by their Clerks or Servants.

[12th July 1799.I

WHEREAS Bankers, Merchants, and others, are, in the Course of their Dealings andTranfad-

ions, frequently obliged to entrust their Servants, Clerks, and Persons employed by them in the

4 like Capacity, with receiving, paving, negocriting, exchanging, or transferring. Money, Goods, Bonds, t

4 Bills, Notes, Bankers Drafts, ana other valuable Effects and Securities: And whereas Doubts have been

4 entertained whether the embezzling of the fame by such Servants, Clerks, and others, so employed by*

4 their Matters, amounts to Felony by the Law of England, and it is expedient that such Offences should be

4 punished in the same Manner in both Parts of the united Kingdom \ be it enacted and declared by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled* and by the Authority of the same. That if any Ser- Servants or

vant or Clerk, or any Person employed for the Purpose in the Capacity of a Servant or Clerk, to any Per- anyMo^ey or

son or PersonS whomsoever, or to any Body Corporate or Politick, shall, by virtue of such Employment, other Effects

receive or take into his Possession any Money, Goods, Bond, Bill, Note, Banker’s Draft, or other valuable their MasterV

Security, or Effects, for or in the Name or on the Account of his Matter or Matters, or Employer or Em- Account, and

ployers, and shall fraudulently embezzle, secrete, or make away with the fame, or any Part thereof, every fraudulently

such Offender shall be deemed to have feloniously stolen the same from his Matter or Matters, Employer or fc^rttlngan y*

Employers, for whose Use, or in whose Name or Names, or on whose Account the same was or were de- part thereof

livered to, or taken into the Possession of such Servant, Clerk, or other Person so employed, although such shall be deemed

Money, Goods, Bond, Bill, Note, Banker’s Draft, or other valuable Security, was or were no other- to have fclonU

wife received into the Possession of his or their Servant, Clerk, or other Person so employed; and every stolen tho

(iich Offender, his Adviser, Procurer, Aider or Abettor, being thereof lawfully convicted or attainted, shall ai"e ’

, be liable to be transported to such Parts beyond the Seas as his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy fcndJJ, and

Council, shall appoint, for any Term not exceeding fourteen Years, 10 the Discretion of the Court before thtir Abettors

Whom such Offender shall be con video or adjudged* <haii, on Con-

viction, be liable to be transported for 14 Years.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act for ascertaining the Rate of Duty to be paid for Retail Spirit Licences; and for

authorizing the Justices of the Peace for any County to grant Licences, to fell Ale, Beer,

or other Liquors, by Retail, in Cities and Places where a sufficient Number of Magis-

trates cannot be found qualified to grant such Licences.—[12th Jufy 1799.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,among other 3sCcu. 3. c 38*

Things for repealing the Duties upon Licences for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors, and for 6 )

4 granting other Duties in lieu thereof, certain Rates of Duty are imposed for and in respect of Licences to

4 retail distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, according.to the Rent at which the DweIJing--house

in which the Person authorized by any such Licence to retail distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters

4 redded or retailed such distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters at the Time of taking out such

4 Licence,

