f

38+

No Reifcn shall

ftt up a i-till in

Scotlard with-

out a Licence on

Penalty of 5C0I.

and Forfeiture

of the Still, &c.

Manner of

granting Li-

cences.

Vo Licence shall

be granted till

Security be

given for Pay-

ment of the

Duty.

Licences shall

be in lorce for

one Year from

the loth Nov.

yearly.

Duty for Li-

cences shall be

paid by Month-

ly Infialments

in Advance.

Fcmlty of rot

paying the Li-

cence Duty du-

ly. Forfti urc of

the 5:ili and

5-cl.

C. 73. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A* D. 1800.

“VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whatever, shall, by him. her, or themselves,

or by any other Person or Persons whatever employed by him, her, or them, or For his, her, or their Ufeor

Benefit, ered, set up, use*, employ, or work, any Still or Stills for distilling, making, or manufacturing of

Low Wines or Spirits from Malt, Corn, Sugar, or Melasses, or any of the Materials aforesaid, or for the

rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any Kind of Spirits or Strong Waters, in‘any Part of Scotland,without

first taking out a Licence for that Purpose, in the A'lanner herein-after mentioned and directed, ten Days at

lead before he, she, or they shall so ered, set up, use, employ, or work any such Still or Stills, on pain to

forfeit five hundred Pounds, together with all and every such Still and Stills, with the Tubs and Utensils

thereto belonging, and all Worts, Wash, Low Wines, and Spirits, and also all Materials for brewing or

manufacturing Worts, Wash, Low Wines, or Spirits, or for rectifying or compounding Spirits in the i*of-

session of such Person or Persons; and all and every such Still and Stills, Tubs, Utensils, Worts, Waft, Low

Wines, Spirits, and Materials, shall and may be (eized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every such Licence shall be granted in the Manner following; that

is to say, if such Licence shall be applied for to authorize the Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers, Rec-

tifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders of Spirits to whom the fame shall be granted, to make,

distil, rectify, or compound Spirits within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in Edinburgh, the fame

shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of tw o or more of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotlandior the

T ime being, or of such Person or Persons as they the said Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of

them for the Time being, shall [from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose; but if such Licence

shall be applied for to authorize the Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers, Rectifier or Redifiers, Com-

pounder or Compounders of Spirits, to whom the fame shall be granted, to make, distil, rectify, or com-

pound Spirits in any Part of Scotland not within the said Limits, the fame shall be granted under the Hands

and Seals of the Collector and Supervisor of Excise of the Collection and District within which the fame

shall authorize the Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers, Redifier or Redfifiers, Compounder or Com-

pounders of Spirits, to whom the fame shall be granted, to make, distil, rectify, or compound Spirits; and

such Commissioners of Excise, or two or more of them, and the Person or Perions to be appointed by the said

Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, or the major Part of them, and also all such Collectors and Supervisors,

are hereby respectively authorized and required to grant (without Fee or Reward) Licences to the Distil-

Jer or Distillers, Maker or Makers, Redtifier or Redifiers, Compounder or Compounders of Spirits, ap-

plying for and duly qualified to receive the same, on his, her, or their finding the Security, and complying

with the Conditions herein-after mentioned, and first paying into the Hands of the proper Officer of Ex-

cife such Proportion of the yearly Rate or Duty hereby imposed as herein-after is directed, according to the

Content or Capacity of the Still or Stills so to be erected, set up, made use of, employed, or worked as

aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That no such Licence shall be granted to any Distiller or Distillers, Maker

or Makers, Redifier or Redifiers, Compounder or Compounders of Spirits for Consumption in Scotland,

until he, she, or they respectively shall have found Security by Bond to his Majesty in the penal Sum of five

hundred Pounds, with at least one sufficient Surety, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or the

proper Collector of Excise, that he, she, or they shall make due and regular Payment of the whole annual

Duty by this Act imposed on the Capacity or Content of his, her, or their Still or Stills so to be licensed as

aforesaid, at the Time and Times, and in the Manner herein-after mentioned and directed, without any

Allowance, Abatement, or Deduction on Account of any Loss, Accident, or Interruption that may happen

during the Currency or Period of such Licence, except in or through the Destruction of the Distillery, and

total Stoppage of the Work by Fire, or as is herein-alter excepted and provided.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Licence for the distilling, making, or manufacturing of Low

Wines or Spirits from Malt, Corn, Grain, or Br'ttish Materials in the Lowlands of Scotland, or troraMe-

lafies, Sugar, or other Foreign Materials, or for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any Kind of

Spirits in any Part or Place in Scotland which shall be granted or renewed upon or after the said tenth Day

of November one thousand eight hundred inclusive, shall be and continue in force from the said tenth Day

of November inclusive to the tenth Day of November one thousand eight hundred and one exclusive, and

for no longer or shorter Period; and every such Licence to be afterwards granted or renewed shall be and

continue in force for one Year from the tenth Day of November yearly, and for no longer or fcortcr

Period.

XH. And be it further enacted, That upon or previous to the granting of any such Licence for the dif-

tilling, making, or manufacturing of Low Wines or Spirits from Malt, Corn, Grain, or British Materials

in the Lowlands of Scotland, or from Melasses, Sugar, or other Foreign Materials, or for the rectifying,

compounding, or mixing of any Kind of Spiiits in any Part or Place in Scotland, the Person or Persons ap-

plying for the fame shall, belore he, she, or they be entitled to such Licence, pay down in Advance in

Ready Monty to the proper Officer of Excise, one-twelfth Part of the annual Duty by this Act imposed

(or or in respect of the Capacity or Content of his, her,'or their Still or Stills specified in such Licence, for

one Year, computed as aforesaid; and shall afterwards, at or before the End of every Month, pay down

Ready Money in Advance as aforesaid, another twelfth Part of the said yearly Duty payable for or in rcfpu*

of such Still or Stills, until the Whole thereof shall be fully paid, over and above the Sum paid in Advance

at t e Lime of granting such Licence.

XIII. And be it fui ther enacted, That if any Person or Persons licensed as aforesaid shall neglect, delay,

or ref use to pay the Licence Duty impolcd by this Act for or in respect of the Capacity or Content of his,

her, or their licensed Still or Stills, or any Part thereof, in Advance, in the Manner, and at the Time or

Times herein-before directed, every such Person or Persons shall, for every such OiFence, forfeit and lose his,

7

