A. D. 1S00. Anno 39® 6c 40® Georgii III. C. 73^ 383

Worts, Wash, or Liquor, made or brewed from any Sort of British Materials, or any Mixture therewith, Scotland, (ex-

the Sum of two-pence and one Halfpenny, to be paid by the Brewer, Maker, or Distiller thereof: Highland Dif-

triffc,) from BritishMaterials, ad. aq«

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of all Worts or Wash which {ball be brewed or

made in any Part or Place in Scotland for extrading Spirits for Consumption in Scotland from MelafTes or

Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, or from Foreign refused Wines or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from

Foreign Materials, or any Mixture therewith, the Sum of two-pence and one Halfpenny, to be paid by the

Brewer, Maker, or Distiller thereof:

For each Gal-

lon made in any

Fart of Scotland

for Consump-

tion in Scotland

from foreign

Materials, ad, aq.

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of Spirits of a Strength not exceeding that of one

to ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in proportion for any higher Degree of Strength which shall be made

ordistilled in England, and imported or brought from thence into Scotland, there shall be paid by the Im-

porter thereof, before the landing thereof, an Excise Duty of three Shillings.

III. And be it further enacted. That from and after the said tenth Day of November one thousand eight

hundred. Spirits made or distilled in England for Exportation to Scotland, under, fubied, and according to

the several Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions provided by and contained in an Act made in the twenty-

eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the

several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors

there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof ; and for

better regulating the Exportation of \$r\t\(h~made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to Eng-

land ; and to continue for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home

Consumption ; and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof and for the better

Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits ; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Im-

posts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies, shall not be charged or chargeable in

England, with any Duty whatever, either upon the Content or Capacity of the Still or Stills which shall

or may be used or employed in making the same, or upon the Worts or Wash from which such Spirits may

or shall be made or distilled ; any Thing in this Act, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the con-

trary in anyways notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Duties by this Act imposed shall

(except as is herein-after excepted, or other wise di reded or provided) be raised, collected, recovered*

secured, and paid by such Persons, at such Times, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, and

under such Management, and under and subject to such Rules, Regulations, Conditions, Penalties,

and Forfeitures, and with such Power of adjudging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and with

and subject to such Powers, and to the like Rules and Directions, and by such Methods, and in such Man-

ner and Form, (except as aforesaid,) as by several Acts, made in the twenty-eighth, thirty-third, thirty-

fifth, and thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the Regulation of Distilleries in

Scotland, and the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to Eng-

land, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force concerning the several Matters and Things

respectively for or in respect whereof any Duty is by this Act imposed, is directed or prescribed ; and that all

the Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Powers, Authorities, Rules, and Directions, mentioned and con-

tained in the said Acts respectively, (except as aforesaid,) shall be practised and put in Execution, for the

raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, or paying the several and respective Duties by this Act

imposed, in Manner in the said Acts directed, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the

feme were particularly repeated and enacted in this Act.

V. And be it further enacted. That all the Monies arising by the Duties by this Act imposed, (the ne-

ccssary Charges for raising and accounting for the fame excepted,) shall, from Time to Time, be paid Into

the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at Westminster ; and the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt

of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Confblidated Fund.

VI. 4 And whereas the Monies arising from the respective Duties hereby repealed, were directed to be

* entered separate and apart in the Books kept at the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty’s

€ Exchequer for a limited Time be it further enacted. That during the Period of ten Years, to be com-

puted from the passing of an Act, pasted in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty *,

intituled. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the

Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, there shall be

separately entered in the Books provided and kept in the said Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt for

the Purposes aforesaid, at the End of every Quarter of a Year, ending on the fifth Day of January, the

fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, and thetenth Day of October, yearly, the Proportions herein-after

mentioned of the Duties hereby granted; that is to say, there shall be reserved in the Consolidated Fund

for the Account existing prior to the passing of an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, out of the Duties hereby granted, one sixth Part thereof; and that after reserving such

sixth Part as aforesaid, one other sixth Part of the said Duties shall be entered in the separate Account di-

rected ‘o be kept by several Acts pasted in the said thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of lus present Majesty,

and the Remainder of the said Duties shall be entered in the separate Account, directed to be kept by several

Acts pasted in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as the fame fhaUariie at the End

of each Quarter.

VII. And be it further enacted. That the Duties by this Act imposed shall be under the Management of

the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

13 VIII. And

For each Gallon

of -Spirit* made

in England and

imported into

Scotland, 3s.

From Novem-

ber 10, 1800,

Spirits distilled

in England for

Exportation to

Scotland accord*

ir.gtoaSGeo.3.

c. 46. shall not

be chargeable

with any Duty

in England.

Duties to be

#raised as pre-

Vcribed by the

Afls for the

Regulation of

Distilleries in

Scotland, 8ec.

Duties to be

carried to the

Consolidated

Fund'.

Duriesto be

entered in the

Books of the

Auditor of the

Exchequer as

htreir directed,

» [r. 17.]

Management of

the Duties.

e

