432

C. 89.

Anno 390 & 4c0 Georgii III.

A.D. 1800.

Licence \ it is amongst other Things declared and enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to ami ter

4 any Judge, Justice or Justices at the Assizes, or Justices of the Peace at General Quarter Sections to be

4 holden as therein mentioned, to bear, try, and determine, by Inditfment or otherwise, all or any of the

4 Crimes or Offences mentioned in the therein and herein recited Acts of the ninth and tenth Years of the

c Reign of King William the Third, and the ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First; and that the

4 laid Judge, Justice or Justices of A flize, or justices of the Peace, may impose any Fine not exceeding the Sum

4 of two hundred Pounds on such Offender or Offenders, and may mitigate the said Penalty and f orfeitures

4 inflicted by the said recited Acts or either of them, or in lieu thereof punish such Offendef or Offender

4 in the Premises corporally, by causing him, her, or them to be publickly whipt and committed to force

4 House of Correction or publick Worknoufe, there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of three Months

4 or less Time, as tofuchjudge, Justice or justices of Aftize, or Justices of the Peace, shall in his or their Dif-

4 cretion seem meet: And whereas notwithstanding the Penalties and Punishments inflicted by the said re-

4 cited Acts, the Stealers, Embezzlers, and Receivers of his Majesty’s Warlike and Naval Ordnance ami

4 Victualling Stores have greatly increased, so that it has become neceflar'y to make some further and more

4 effectual Provision for preventing their wrektd Practices in future:* Be it thereforeenadled by the King’s

most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, 2nd

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after

.the passing of this Act, every Person or Persons (such Perteui or Persons not being a Contractor or

Contradtors, or employed as in the said recited Act of the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of King

William the Third is mentioned,) who {hall willingly or knowingly fell or deliver, or cause or procureto

be fold br delivered, to any Person or Persons whomever, or who shall willingly or knowingly receive or

have in his, her, or their Custody, Possession, or Keeping, any Stores of War, or Naval, Ordnance, ur

Victualling Stores* .or #ny Goods whatsoever marked as in the said recited Acts are expressed, or anjCan-

be deemed Re- -vas marked either with a blue Streak in the Middle, or with a blue Streak in a terpentine Form, or any

centers of Stolen Be wper, other wise called Buntin, wrought with one of more Streaks of raised Tape (the said Stores of War,

or Naval, Ordnance, or Victualling Stores or Goods above mentioned, or any of them, being in a raw or

unconverted State, or being new or not more than one third worn), and such Person or Persons who shall

conceal such Stores or Goods, or any of them, marked as aforesaid, shall be deemed Receivers of Stolen

Goods knowing them to have been (tolen, and shall, on being convicted thereof in due Form.of Law, be

transported beyond the Seas for the T erm of fourteen Years, in like Manner as other Receivers of Stolen

Goods are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, unless such Person or Per-

fons shall upon his, her, or their Trial, produce a Certificate under the Hands of three or more of his Ma-

iefty’s Principal Officers or commissioners of the Navy, Ordnance, or Victualling, expressing the

Numbers, Quantities, or Weights of such Stores or Goods, as he, (he, or they shall then be indicted

for, and the Occasion and Reason of such Stores or Goods coming to his, hec, or their Hands or

Possession.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Person or Persons (not being a Con-

tradlor or Contradtors, or employed as aforesaid), in whose Custody, Possession, or Keeping any of the said

Stores called Canvas, marked with a blue Streak in a terpentine Form, or Bewper, otherwise called Bun

tin, wrought as above-mentioned, shall be found, (such Canvas or Bewper, otherwise called Buntin, not bc:ng

charged to be new, or not more than one-third worn,) and all and every Person and Persons who shall be

convicted of any Offence contrary to so much of the said recited Act of the ninth and,tenth Years of the

Reign of King William the Third,as relates to the making, or the having in Possession or concealing any ofnis

Majesty's Warlike, or Naval, or Ordnance Stores, marked as therein specified, shall, befxdes forfeiting fuca

Stores, and the Sum of two hundred Pounds, together with Cods of Suit as therein mentioned, be corporally

punished by Pillory, Whipping, and Imprisonment, or by any or either of the said Ways and Means in such

Manner and for such Space of Time as to the Judge or Justices before whom such Offender or Offenders lLil

be convicted, shall seem meet; any Thing in the said last-mentioned Act, or in the before* recited Acts of the

ninth Year of King George the First, and the seventeenth'Year of King George the Second, to the contrary

thereof in anywise notwithstanding ; Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Judge

or Justices to mitigate the said Penalty of two hundred Pounds, as he or they shall fee Cause.

recited Art of J

9 Sc 10 Gul. 3. if relates to warlike Stores, shall, besides the Forfeiture thereby imposed, suffer corporal Punishment. Penalty of aocl. maybe

mitigated.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act or in the said recited Act of the ninr’i

and tenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, contained, shall extend, or be deemed, taken, or

construed to extend to exempt from the Operation of this Act, or the said recited Act respectively, any Per-

son or Persons being a Contractor or Contradtors, or employed as in the said last-mentioned Act is men-

tioned, except only so far as concerns Stores or Goods marked as aforesaid, which dia l be bona fid: pro-

vided, made up, or manufactured by such Person or Persons, or by their Order, and which shall not have

been before delivered into his’Majesty’s Store, unless having beenfo delivered, they shall have been fod or

returned to such Person or Persons by the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy, Ordnance, or Victualling

respectively.

Every Person

(not being a

Contractor, -

Ac.} who shall

tell or receive

any new Stores

of War, Sec. or

who shall con-

ceal them, shall

4£aods, and as

such transported

for *4 Years,

unless he pro-

duces on the

Trial a Certifi-

cate from the

Navy Board,

*c.

Persons in

whose Custody

shall be found

Canvas or Bun.

till marked

as herein men-

tioned (not

ibeing charged

to be new, or

not more than

'one third

worn), and

Persons who

shall be con-

victed of any

Offence con-

trary to so

much of the

Nothing herein

Or in recited

Act of 9 and 10

jGuJ. 3. shall

exempt Con-

tractors, &c.

except so far as

concern Stores

which shall not

have been bc-

iorc delivered

into his Majes-

;y’s Score, unless-they have been fold or returned by the Commissioners.

IV. And

