406

C, 80.

Anno 39° 6c 4c0 Georgii III.

A.D. j8oo.

Oftictrs of the

Customs, Arc.

for Bi t awh or

cf Du-

ty shall forfeit

their Office, and

tool ; and if

they shall dc-

fert from their

Duty whtn em-

ployed, or per-

mit any Pttfon

or VtfTJ, dec.

to depart out of

the Lazaret,&c.

ot if the I’cr-

fons authorized

fh.ili Ri\e false

Certificates

they (had ft (Ter Death.

XX. And be it further ena£ted# That when any Ship or Vessel which has performed Quarantine in any

Foreign Lazaret, flia 1 arrive in any of the Ports of Great Britain or the Isles of Guernsey, Jet fey * Aldemy,

Sark, or Mtm% with a clean Bill of Health, no Goods or Merchandize liable to retain the Infection of the

Plague, or other infectious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid, shall be permitted to be landed or unshipped,

unloaded or moved, in order to be landed out of such Ship or Vellel ; but the Mailer, Commander, or ct’r er

Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vellel shall, immediately upon his Arrival, give No-

tice thereof, and of the Contents of his Lids, Schedules, or Manifests as aforesaid, and of the Foreign Pert

in which such Ship or Veliel hath performed Quarantine, to the Principal Officer of his Majesty’s Custoras

at the Port where he shall arrive, or at the Port neared thereto, in order that the fame may be forthwith laid

before his Majesty’s Privy Council; and if the Mader, Commander, or other Person as aforesaid, or any

Person whatsoever, shall land, or shall unship, unload, or move, in order to land, any Goods or Merchan-

dize out of the said Ship or Vefiel, before an Order of his Majesty’s Privy Council shall be made, giving

Directions therein, or otherwise than shall be directed in the Paid Order, every such Person .shall, for every

such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

Privy Council. Penalty of 2ccl. for landing, &c. Goodb before an Order of Council is made, or contrary thereto.

XXI. 4 And whereas Disobedience or refractory Behaviour in Persons under Quarantine maybeat-

4 tended with very great Danger to his Majesty’s Subjects;’ be it further enacted. That all Persons liable to

perform Quarantine, whether in Ships or in a Lazaret, or elsewhere, shall be subject, during the said Qua-

rantine, to such Orders as they shall receive from the proper Officers authorized to direct and superintend

the due Performance thereof; and the said Officers are hereby empowered and required to enforce all necef-

fary Obedience to the said Orders; and in case of Necessity to call in others to their Assistance ; and all

Persons so called in are hereby required to assist accordingly ; and such Officers shall and they are hereby

empowered and required to compel all Persons obliged to perform Quarantine as aforesaid, to repair, and to

causeall Goods and Merchandizes comprized within any such Orders made or to be made as aforesaid, to

be conveyed, to the said Lazaret or other Place duly appointed in that Behalf, in such Manner, and according

to such Directions as shall be made by Order of his Majesty in Council as aforesaid; and if any Person

obliged to perform Quarantine as aforesaid, shall wilfully refuse or neglect to repair within convenient Time,

after due Notice for mat Purpose given to him or her by the proper Officer to the said Lazaret, or other

Place duly appointed, for him or her, or having been placed in the said Lazaret or other Place, shall escape,

or attempt to escape out of the lame before Quarantine duly performed, it shall and may be lawful to and

for the Watchmen and other Persons appointed to fee Quarantine performed, and they are hereby required,

by such necessary Force as the Cafe shall require, to compel every such Person so refusing or negleoingas

aforesaid, and every such Person so escaping or attempting to escape as aforesaid, to repair or return into

such Lazaret or other Place so appointed for him or her as aforesaid ; and every Person so refusing or neglect-

ing to repair, within convenient Time after such Notice as aforesaid, into the said Lazaret, or other Place,

and also every Person actually escaping as aforesaid, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and fufter Death as

in Cafes of Felony, without Benetic of Clergy*

XXII. And be it further enacted. That if any Officer of his Majesty’s Customs, or any other Officer

or Person whatsoever to whom it doth or Ihal) appertain to execute any Order or Orders made or to be made

concerning Quarantine, or the Prevention of Infection; and notified as aforesaid, or to fee the fame putia

Execution, (lull be guilty of any wilful Breach or Negle£t of Duty in that Behalf, every such Officer and

Person so offending shall forfeit such Office or Employment as he may be possessed of, and shall become from

thenceforth incapable to hold or enjoy the fame, or to take a new Grant thereof, and every such Officer and

Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds ; and if any such Officer or Person shall desert

from his Duty when employed as aforesaid,or shall knowingly and willingly permit any Person, Ship, VelTd,

Goods, or Merchandize, to depart or be conveyed out of the said Lazaret, Ship, or other Place as aforesaid,

unless by Permission under an Order of his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Councilor if

any Person hereby authorized and directed to give a Certificate of a Ship having duly performed Quarantine

or Airing, shall knowingly give a false Certificate thereof, every such Officer and Person so offending shall be

deemed guilty of Felony, and suffer Death as in Cafes of Felony without Benefit of Clergy; and if any

such Officer or Person shall knowingly and wilfully damage any Goods performing Quarantine under his

Direction, he shall be liable to pay treble Damages and full Costs of Suit to the Owner of the fame.

Penalty of treble Damans for wilfully injuring Goods performing Quarantine.

Jf any found

Person fhrfll

without i.itence

enter a Laza-

rtt, he shall

perform Qua-

rantine ; and

if Li: tlwape.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person not infected with the Plague, or other infectious

Disease or Distemper as aforesaid, nor liable to pci form Quarantine, shall enter the said Lazaret or other

Place so appointed as aforesaid, wnilft any Person or Persons infected with the Plague, or being under Qua-

rantine, shall be therein, and shall return or attempt to return from thence, unless in such Cafes and by such

Licence as shall be directed and granted by virtue of such Order or Orders of his Majesty in Council as afore-

Lid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Watchmen or other Persons appointed to guard or secure the

* said

