120

Two Justices

Bruy v.xctclfc

such Powers.

No Action'^o be

competent lor

Mor.ey advan-

ced, by or on

Behalf of C03I

Owners or Lef-

fees, to Colliers,

except for Sup.

port of their

Families in case

of Sickness.

Coal Owners or

Lelfce* may

detain i-i2th

Tart of the Sum

Advanced

Weekly till

Money advan-

ced be paid,

and may have

an Action for the

Debts due by

Colliers at pair-

ing this Act

not extinguish-

ed, but may be

assigned with

Consent of

the Debtors.

Vouchers of

Debts to be

recorded in the

Sheriff Court

Boohs, or held

null.

Seducers of

Colliers from

Great Britain

to be punished

as Seducers of

Manufacturers.

No Coal Mart it

or Leflfee to act

as a Just ice

pnder this Act.

Laws against

Combinations

to extend to

Colliers, &c.

C. 56, 57', 58.. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

IV. And be it enacted, That any two or more Justices may and (hill exercise, upon the like Application

so to be made to them, all the Powers and Authorities, which are given by the aforesaid Statutes to the said

Justices atiheir Quarter Sessions, in such Manner as is therein provided.

V. And whereas there is a general Practice among the Coal Owntrs and Lettees of Coal, of advancing

considerable Sums to their Colliers, or for their Behoof, much beyond what the Colliers are able to repay j

4 which Sums are advanced for the Purpose of tempting them to enter into or continue their Engagements,

4 notwiihstanding the Sums so advanced are kept up as Debts against the Colliers ;* be it therefore further

enacted, That no Diligence or Action shall be competent for any Sum or Sums of Money hereafter to be

lent or advanced to Colliers, or other Persons employed at the Collieries as aforesaid, by the Coal Owner or

Lessee of any Colliery, or by any other Person or Persons on their Behalf, or for any Debts due by Colliers

or other Persons as aforesaid, which shall be acquired by the said Coal Owners or Lettees, or by others on

their Account, either previous to their Engagement, or during the Currency thereof, and in view of the

fame; excepting always such Sum or Sums as (lull be advanced to any Collier, or other Persons employed

at Collieries as aforesaid, during the Currency of his or her Service, for the Support of his or her Family, in

case of Sickness.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to the Coal Owner or Lessee

who shall lend or advance such Sum or Sums of iVloney to retain from the Wages of the Colliers or others

aforesaid, to whom the fame shall be so lent or advanced, one twelfth Part of the said Sum or Sums Weekly,

till the principal Sum or Sums, without Interest, so advanced, be paid up; but declaring, that if the En-

gagement of such Collier shall expire before the principal Sum or Sums so advanced be fully paid up, the

Coal Owner or Lessee who advanced the fame shall have A diion for the Balance, in the same Manner as if

this Act had not passed.

Balance.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That such Debts as were due by Colliers to their Matters at or

before the patting of this Act, shall not be hereby extinguished; and declaring also, that Debts due by Col-

liers or other Persons as aforesaid, at or before the patting of this Act, to the Coal Owners or Lettees, may

be lawfully assigned or transferred to other Coal Owners or Lettees with whom they may afterwards engage,

with the Consent of the Debtors themselves; and if assigned with their Consent, then the Debts so assigned

{hall be as valid and ett'edlual to the other Coal Owners or Lettees, -as if this Act had never passed: Provided

always. That the Vouchers of all Debts due by Colliers to Coal Owners and Lettees of Coal before the

patting of this Act, ora Lift of the fame, signed by the said Coal Owners and Lettees, shall be recorded in

the Sheriff Court Books, within three Months after the patting hereof, for which a Fee of one Shilling shall

be paid, and no more; and that all Debts, the Vouchers of which are not so recorded, shall be held to be

null and void, and not recoverable in any Court of Law.

VIII. And whereas there have of late been many Attempts to seduce Colliers out of Scotland into Fo*

4 reign Countries/ be it therefore further enacted, That all Persons (educing, or attempting to seduce.

Colliers or others aforesaid, from the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall be punished in the same Manner as

Persons seducing, or attempting to (educe, Manufacturers or other Artisans are punishable by Law.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That no Coal Matter or Lessee of Coal shall act

as a Justice of Peace under this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Laws now in Force against unlawful Combinations of whatever

Kind, shall extend to and include Colliers, Coal Bearers, and other Persons employed at Coal Works as

aforesaid; and that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter or repeal

any Part of the Acts of the Parliament of Scotland relative to Colliers, unless in so far as is expressly done by

this Act, or by the said Act of the fifteenth Year of his present Majesty.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for indemnifyingGovernors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India

Jflands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign

Bottoms. [13th June 1799-J

CAP. LVIII.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant acertain Annuity to Sir James Marriott Knight, late Judge of the

High Court of Admiralty, in Consideration of his diligent and fajthfui Services in the Execution of that

Ottice. [13th June 1799-]

44 A Life Annuity of 2000l. granted to Sir James Marriott, to commence from October 15, 1798, and to

“ be paid Quarterly. § 1. Annuity to be paid at the Exchequer without Fee. § 2. and not to be subject

44 to any Tax. § 3.”

CAP.

