A.D. 1800. *Anno 390 Sc 4.00 Georgii III. C. 48, 49. 329

If on Nov. 10,

i8co,the ave-

rage Price of

Muscovadd Su-

gar, taken

as diridtext

by \z Oco. 3.

e. 43 shall not

have exceeded

7cs. per Cwt.

the Drawbacks

withheld by

36 Geo. 3. and

39 Geo. 3. (lull

be pnid, and the

said Duties on

Sugar imported

by the E tft In-

dia Company,

frail be difeon-

tinued on De-

livery for Ex-

port ation.

Drawback frail

be paid oii Sugar

fripr or Wattr-

borne with In-

tent to be fript

for Exportation*

Continuance ot

Act.

[&r c. 96 ]

VII. And be it farther enacted, That if on the said tenth Day of November one thousand eight hundred,

it shall appear by Notice in the London Gazette, in Manner directed in the said Act of the thirty-second

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, that the average Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, taken in

Manner directed by the said Act made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for

the six Weeks preceding, shall not have exceeded seventy-Sve Shillings for an hundred Weight, inclusive of

the Duties of Customs paid or payable thereon on the.Importation into Great Britain? then and in every

such Cafe the Whole of the Drawbacks and Bounty paid or payable on the Exportation of Sugar directed

to be withheld by the said Act of the thirty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, and by the said Act

of the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, shall be paid and allowed in like Manner in every

Respect,* and subject to, and under and according to the like Rules and Regulations as any Drawbacks and

Bounties were paid and allowed before the passing of the said Act of the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of

his present Majesty, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, except as any such Rules or Regulations 3ie al-

tered by this Act; and the Whole of the Duty imposed by an Act passed in I'le thirty-math Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty upon Sugar imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Mer-

chants of England trading to the East Indies and warehoused according to Law, and fuld at the Sales of

the fa d Company, shall, upon the Delivery thereof out of the Warehouses for Exportation, during the

Time of any Drawbacks or Bounties being paid or allowed under this Act, be, and the fame are hereby

wholly discontinued; any Thing in the said Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Drawback and Bounty payable on the Exportation

of Sugar, by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall be paid ?nd allowed on all Sugar which shall be ship-

ped or laden on board any Ship or Ships, or Water-borne with Intent to be shipped or laden on board any

Ship or Ships in Great Britain.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall, as to all the Matters and Things herein contained

relating to the paying and allowing any Drawback or Bounty, or discontinuing any Duty under this Act,

have Continuance until the tenth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and one.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for the better ascertaining and collecting the Duties granted by several Acts passed

in the last Session of Parliament, relating, to the Duties on Income; and to explain and

amend the said Acts, [aoth June 1800.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made for better collecting the Duties upon In-

come^ imposed by several Acts of the last Session of Parliament be it therefore enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the feme, That, from and

after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons shall be allowed to separate or divide the Sum intended

to be contributed, into several Portions, nor shall cleft to pay the fame by Payments to be made in different

Divisions in separate Proportions; but all and every Person and Persons* whether any such Statement shall

be made jointly by two or more Persons. or separately, shall deliver a Statement, comprehending the whole

Sum intended to be contributed by him, her, or them, in ifefpeft of the Whole of his, her, or their Income,

from whatever Source the fame shall arise, or in respect of the Whole ofuhe Income received or receivable by

him, her, or them, as Trustee. Agent, Receiver, Guardian, Committee, Tutor, or Curator, or in any other

Capacity, on Account of iny other Person or Persons, in 9ne and the fame Division, and to the Assessorsfor

the fame Parflh or Place, or Commissioners, as the Cafe may require, for the fame District, whether they

shall be Commercial Commissioners or Commissioners for the Purposes of the Aftson Income, except in the

Cafes where the fame Persons shall be engaged in different Concerns of Trade or Manufacture in rartner-

ship, or separately, in divers Places; and such Person or Persons shall be charged and assessed to the Whole of

such Income by the fame Description of Commissioners, and not in different Portions by Commissioners of cdvablYas

different Districts or by different Commissioners (except as aforesaid); any Thing in the said Acts, or any Trustee, &c. in

of them, to the contrary notwithstanding. one and the

° fame Dlvision, -

except where engaged in different Concerns j and frail be assessed for the Whole by the fame Description of Commissioners. [Sire 39 Geo* 3. c, 13 §75.]

II. And be it further enacted, That every Person carrying on Trade or Manufacture, within any City,

Town, Place, or District, where Commercial Commissioners have been or shall hereafter be appointed to

aft, and shall act as such Commercial Commissioners, except as herein-afeer is otherwise provided, shall de-

liver in the Statement required to be returned by him or her, in pursuance of the said Acts and this Act,

<0 the Commercial Commissioners for such City, Town, Place, or District; and the Income of every such aa (except as

Person shall be cognizable only by such Commercial Commissioners. herein after

provided tJee

§ 7), frail deliver his Statement to them, and his Income frallbe cognizable by them'only. [Sr* 39 Gee, J. c. 13- $ 96.]

III. And be it further enacted, That every Person engaged in Trade or Manufacture shall specify and dif- Persons in

tinguish, in the Statement delivered by him or her under the said Acts or this Act, (whether the fame shall be Trade foali dif-

-delivered to Commercial Commissioners or Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Acts, or to Assessors,) statement* tow

iiow much of the Sum of Money contained in such Statement is payable iR respect of Income arising from mucUaf the

39 & 40 Geo. Ill, u u » Trade,

All Persons

frail deliver

Statements,

whether made

jointly or fepa-

rately, compre-,

bending the Sum

intended to be

contributed for

their whole In-

come from

whatever Source

arising, or re-

Every Person

carrying on

Trade where

Commercial

Commissioners

