274

C. 5.

Anno 39® & 40" Georgii Ilf.

A. D. 1799.

Proofof Debts on

the Oath of any

Person appoint-

ed by the Com-

milTionersunder

this Act, &c«

Ad not to pre.

*ent the Execu-

tion of any

Commission of

Bankruptcy,

provided the

Alignment of

the Effects

of Debt under this Act, on the Oath, Affirmation, or Affidavit, of any Person appointed by" the said Com*

missionersto aft in the Execution of this Act ; which Oath, Affiimation, and Affidavit resptftively, shall be

taken and administered before any of the proper Officers having Authonry by Law to adinimfter Oaths of

Affirmations, or to take Affidavits in Cafe* of Bankruptcy, and shall permit such Person lo authorized by the

said Commi(boners to vote in the Choice of an Assignee or Assignees as the Cafe may require, of such Bank-

rupt’s Estate and Etf'efts, and to do and execute every other Act, Matter, and Thing, relating to such Bank-

ruptcy, as fully and effectually as if such PerTn so authorized was the bona fide Creditor of such Bankrupt

or Bankrupts.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be

construed to extend, to prevent, hinder, or delay, the Execution of any Commiffron of Bankruptcy by<

the Commissioners therein named, according to the Laws now in force in that Part of Great Britain called-

England, provided that every Alignment of the Estate or Effects of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, under the-

said Commission, shall be subject to the Claims of the said Commissioners appointed by. the said A<^, and;

until the fame shall be fully paid, or secured to be paid.

be ful jeit to the Claims of the Commissioners.

w Five Commissioners Efficient to act, unless otherwise provided. $ 38. The Bank shall open an Account*

c< with the Commissioners. Commissioners shall grant Certificates of Bills advanced. Bank, on Productior*

M of Certificates, shall receive Money, and acknowledge the Receipt, bV. When Money is raffed by Sale of,

the Goods, isle, the Commissioners shall deliver to the Officers a like Certificate, on Production of which.

“ the Bank shall acknowledge the Receipt of the Money. Receipts shall be brought to the Commissioners

* to be entered and attested, which shall be a Discharge. § 39.”

Money paid to

the Bank shall

be paid into the

Exchequer, for

the Ulcs herein

ipcelled*

Treasury to

cause an Ac-

count to be

taken of the

Exchequer Bills

made out, at die

7'inne> they be-

come payable,

whion may be

discharged out

of certain

funds.

/

XL. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be paid into

the Bank of England, under or by virtue of this Act, shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt^

of his Majesty’s Exchequer at Westminster,distinftly and apart from all other Monies ; and that there shall*

be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of the Exchequer, a Book or Boob, in

which all the Monies paid into the said Receipt, by virtue of this Act, shall be entered separate and apart from,

all other Monies paid into the said Receipt, upon any other Account whatever; and that all the Monies so

paid into the said Receipt, by virtue of this Act, shall be subject and liable to the Uses and Purposes herein-

after mentioned ; (that is to say,) in the first Place, for paying off and discharging,all the Exchequer Bills,

to be made out by virtue of this Act, with such Interest as shall be payable thereon at the respective Days,

and Times, and in the Order and Course in which the fame are hereby directed to b£ discharged ; and all

such Exchequer Bills, and Interest thereon as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable utx>n

and shall be repaid and borne by and out of the first Monies that shall arise in the Receipt of his Majesty’$

Exchequer accordingly ; and after paying off and discharging the fame, in the next Place, to pay off all*

the Charges and Expences which shall be incurred by the said Commissioners hereby appointed in carrying

this Act into Execution, and to make good all such Sums as shall have been issued to the said Commissioners*

out of the publick Monies, towards the said Charges and Expences, in pursuance of the Orders of the Lords*

Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord Hi^h Treasurer for.

the Time being, according to the Directions of this Act; and also to pay and satisfy.all Charges and Ex-

pences incident to or attending the making out such Exchequer Bills ; and if any.Surplus shall remain

of the Monies paid into the said Receipt, by virtue of this Act, after satisfying the several.Sums hereby,

charged thereon as aforesaid, such Surplus shall be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament.

XLl. And be it further enacted. That on the several Days and Times on which such Exchequer Bills-

are hereby directed to be discharged ; that is to say, on the fifth Day of /.Ipril and the fifth Day of July mo.

thousand eient hundred, the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or

' the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, shall cause a true and perfect Account in Writing to be:

taken and attested by the proper Officers, of all the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this A&,

which shall become payable on the respective Days and Times before specified, and of the Monies which*

shall then be in the said Receipt applicable to the paying off and discharging the fame ; and if.the Money

which shall have arisen in the said Exchequer for or on Account of the Payments to be made by.the Bank,

of England, by virtue of this Act, on the respective Periods before-mentioned, shall not be sufficient to dif-

charge the whole Principal and Iiitereit due as aforesaid on the several Exchequer Bills to be issued in purfu*

ance of this Act, then such Deficiency shall and may be supplied and made good by and out of the Aids or

Supplies which shall have been or shall be granted in this or any subseejuent Session of Parliament; and in*

case the Monies arising from such Aids or Supplies shall not at that Time be sufficient for that Purpose,

then all the said Exchequer Bills remaining undischarged, with the Interest and Charges incident to or

* attending the fame, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Monies as, at any Time:

or Times after any such Deficiency shall happen, shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer

of the Consolidated Fund, (except such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund as are appropriated to any

particular Ufeor Uses by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf,) and such Monies of the said Con-

folidated Fund shall 2nd may be issued and applied from Time to Time, as Yoon as the fame can be regularly

Bated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and *discharging, such remaining Exchequer

Bills, Interest, and Charges, until the Whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or Money:

sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the re-

spective Proprietors thereof.

14 . XLII. Provided

