HQ C.. 74,75, 76. Anno tricesimo nono Georg 11 III. A.D. 1799*

In case of

P<.rfons failing

to make L'epo-

fits of the A cat

to'he paid,

within the

Time preferih-

cA, or to enter

into Security,

Commissioners

for Stamps to

declare tha

Contract void,

and again put

u^j the Duties

(a be let.

of Stamps) let to Farm the Duties mentioned in the said recited A&, separately in Diflri<3s. §1* No -

44 Contract to be made to continue beyond Feb. ?, 1803. § 2.”

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of

Stamp Duties, orany three or more of them, to prescribe the Time for making any Deposit,on Account of

the Rent to be paid by such Farmers of the said Rates and Duties, and the Sums to be fodeposited ; and in

case the Person or Persons who shall cootradh or agree with the said Commissioners to farm the said Rates-

and Duties for the Term herein mentioned, shall fail to make such Depolit within the Time prescribed by

tha said Commissioners, or shall fail to enter into Security for the due Performance of such Contract or

Agreement, in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, then and in every such Cafe the said Commis-

sioners of Stamp Duties shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to declare such Contract or

Agreement null and void, and to cause the said Rates and Duties arising within the District or Distri&s-

comprized in fuchContradVor Agreement, or intended to be let to farm thereby, to be again put up to be

let to form, in like Manner as herein- before is directed, and so from Time, to Time as often as fuchDefaulfcv

as aforesaid shall be made.

44 Powers of recited A£Uo extend to this Act. § 4^

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for reviving.and making perpetual an Act mack in the fourteenth Year of the Rdign of His present?

Majesty, intituled, vf« Act to prohibit the Importation of Light Silver Coin of this Reabn from Foreign

Countries into Great Britain or Ireland ; and to refrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum.

[lath July 1799.].

44 14 Geo. III. Gtp. 42*, (revived and amended by 3S Geo. III. Cap. 59.) again revived and made-

of perpetual. ”

e a p. lxxvi.

An Act for. the more secure Conveyance of Ship Letters, and for granting to His Majesty*

certain Rates of Postage thereon.—[12th July, 1799.]

4 Most gracious Sovereign,

4 WHEREAS itmay be expedient for the Benefit of Commerce and Cor respondence, that.Permi (Eon

4 y V be given to hie Majesty’s Postmaster General to receive Letters and Packets, in order to be con-w

4' veyed to and from Places within his Majesty’s Dominions, also to and from every or any the Kingdoms.

4 and Countries beyond the Seas* by Ships and Vessels (other than Packet Boats) 5 and also that the Post-

4' matter General be authorized to demand and receive certain Rates of Pottage for such Conveyance of the

4 said Letters and Packets: We, therefore, your Majesty *s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of

4 Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, have freely, and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your

4 Majesty the Rates and Duties herein-after mentioned ; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it'

4 may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,^ and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

Pofttafter by the Authority of the same* That, from and after the patting of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to

General may and for his Majesty’s Portmatter General, and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto authorized, in his t

fonvard Uturt and their Discretion, to colledband receive Letters* and Packets of Letters, directed. to Places within his-

than Packet Majesty’s Dominions, also to any the Kingdoms and Countries beyond the Seas, and to forward -the feme

Boat*, and take by any Ships or Vessels that he, in his Discretion shall think, fit (although not Packet Boats) ; and also,.

Jkatw for the that it shall and may be lawful to and for his said Majesty!s Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Dc-

Conveyance not puties by him thereunto authorized, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors* to de--

the^Raie^ ofIf man^ have, receive, and take, for every Letter and.Packet which shall be delivered to him or his Deputies -

Packetiu* ° for Conveyance in theManner beretn-before specified, a Sum not less than one Half Part of the Rates and ;

Duties payable by Law for such respective Letters and Packets* if the fame were conveyed by Packet Boats

and in Cafes where no Rate of Pottage is already established, then to demand, have, receive, and take, for

such Letters and Packets, Rates, as near as the fame can be ascertained, equal to one Half of what is now.

paid for Letters sent beyond the Seasany Law,.Statute, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary thereof not-

withttanding.

Postmaster C«- II- And be it further enacted. That it shall and may. be lawful to and for the said Postmaster General to-

ncrai may take demand, have, receive, and take for every .Letter and racket which shall be brought by Ships and VeHels-

for Lftters (otfier than Packet Boats) in the Manner hereinbefore mentioned, from Places within, his Majesty’s Do-

other VeffrJs minions, and from any the Kingdoms and Countries beyond the Seas into Great Britain, to be conveyed by.

tharTPacket inland Carriage or Postage, the Sum of Four-pence for every single Letter, and so in Proportion for

Boats, 4d. for Packets, in addition to any inland or internal Postage which may arile upon the inland Conveyance of such

every single Letters and Packets and for the Encouragement of the Matters of such Ships or Vessels, it shall be lawful

Letter in Addi- for the postmaster General to allow all such Matters the Sum of Two-pence a Letter or Packet upon all such

land PoitaKcLiters and Packets as they shall respectively have or take on board such Vessel or Vessels, provided such

n fc 9 Letters and Packets shall have been delivered to them from ihs Post Office; and in like Manner, on their

*nd a!,ow Arrival from Parts beyond the Seas, on their delivering unto the Deputy or Deputies of the Postmaster

YcflteVr’for General foe such Place or Post Town at which they shall touch or arrive, it shall be lawful to pay to such

# Masters-

