xo6

C. 42.

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

WhereMiftakes

have been made

in the Names of

Commissioners,

the Commis-

fi oners of

Taxts, on

Certificate of

two Jurois,

may rettiiy

them.

Appointment of

Commissioners

at the Meeting

summoned by

the Sheriff ac-

cording to the

Return of Ju-

rors-delivered

by the Clerk of

A flue to the

Commissioners

for Taxes, not-

III. And be it further enacted, That where, in any List or Lifts, or Entry or Zntries of Names of any;

Commissioner or Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Act, or for hearing and determining AppealajL

Mistakes have been made in the Christian or Surnames of such Person or Persons, it shall be lawful’ foe

the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and they arc hereby authorized and required, upon a Certifi*

cate, under the Hands of any two of the Persons of the Grand Inquest by which such Commissioners shall have

been elected, of such Mifltake, and of the proper Name or Names of such Person or Persons, to amend, or

cause to be amended, such Lift or Entry, by inferring, or causing to be inserted, the proper Name or Names

of the Person or Persons so elected as aforesaid, in the said Lift or Entry, and in the Order in which futh Per-

son was intended by the said Jurors to be put down to serve therein.

IV. And be it further enacted, That any Appointment of Commissioners for any of the Purposes of the

said Acts, by the Persons present at the Meeting summoned by the Sheriff of any County, Riding, or Place,

according to the Return of Jurors delivered by the Clerk of Assize to the Commissioners for the Affairs of

Taxes, and by them transmitted to such Sheriff, shall be valid and effectual, notwithstanding such Clerk of

Assize may have omitted to return the Names of certain Persons who had been summoned to serve upon the

Grand Inquest of such County, Riding, or Place, within the Time limited byjthe said Acts, or either of them,

and notwithstanding any Error or Milnomer, or any Variance in such Return from the original Pamnel of

Jurors summoned to serve on such Inquest; and all Persons acting under such Appointment shall be, and are-

hereby indemnified, from all Pains and Penalties, and from all Actions, Suits, and Informations, for or by

reason of their acting or having acted as such Commissioners, under such Appointment.

withstanding the Omilfions of Names in the Return, See* valid.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Powers and Directions contained in the said first recited Act*

respecting the Delivery of the Duplicates of Afl’cffments by the Commercial Commissioners to the Receivers

General, and the Returns by the Receivers Geperal to the Commercial Commissioners, of the Defaulters

on each Instalment of the Rates and Duties by the said Act imposed, and which were repealed^by the said

la ft recited Act, {hail be revived as to all Assessments made upon any Person or Persons who shall not have

given Notice to such Commercial Commissioners of their Intention to pay the Sums assessed on them at the

Bank of England^ and shall be in force and duly carried into Execution with respect to such Persons, and all

other Persons who shall have given such Notice, and shall have made Default in Payment at the said Bank,

of England; any Thing in die said last recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

neral, and the Returns by the latter to the former of Defaulters on instalments, (which were partly repealed by § 16 -of c. a*.) revived, A to Per&fi*

who lave not given Notice of Intention to pay Airdfments at the Bank, or who shall make Default in Payment.

VL And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioner for the Purposes of the said Acts, for any

County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, where Commercial Commissioners are appointed, shall be

engaged in Trade or Manufacture, then such Commissioner for the Purposes of the said Act may be afieffed:

before such Commercial Commissioners, and not by the Commissioners of Appeals; but if in such County*

Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, Commercial Commissioners shall not have been appointed, then the

Commissioners of Appeal, before whom such Commissioner for the Purposes of the said Act shall be assessed,

shall, at his Request, in proceeding upon the Statement to be delivered to them, and in ascertaining the

Charge to be made upon such Person, and in levying and collecting the fame, pursue all such Rules, Di-

rections, and Regulations, and shall have such Powers as are in the said Acts preferrbed.and given, for the

dhaiibeap- Conduct of Commercial Commissioners specially appointed under the said Acts.

pointed, he may be assessed by the Cammillicners of Appeal in the same Manner as by Commercial Commissioners.

Vacancies in VII. And be it further enacted. That whenever any Vacancy shall arise in the Commercial Commission—

Commercial ers appointed under the said Acts, such Vacancy shall be supplied in like Manner as is directed for the Ap-

mThikdnuT pointment of the Person who occasioned such V acancy.

ms original Appointments.

Commercial VIII. 4 And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Oath of Secrecy imposed upon the Commercial

* Commissioners, their Assistants, and Clerks, by the said Act, are sufficient for the Purposes intended there-

ikWitioioiOatk * by \9 be it therefore enacted. That every Commercial Commissioner as aforesaid, and every Commissioner

for the Purposes of the said Acts, who shall be required to act as a<Commercial Commissioner in the Execu-

tion of the said Acts, and every Assistant and Clerk to such respective Commissioners, or any of them, and

every Inspector and Surveyor empowered to ad in the Execution of the said Acts, shall,.in Addition to the

Oath required to be taken by the said Ad, take the following Oath; that is to lay,

* T A. 5. dofwear. That I will notuifclofe any Statement of Income, or the Amount of any Sum tab©:

4 paid by any Individual, as his or her Contribution or Payment under the said Act, which has been or

4 shall be shewn to me in the Execution of the said Act, except in such Cafes and to such Persons only where

* it shall be necessary to disclose the fame for the Purposes of the said Act, otLiorder to, or in the Courfeo^

4 aProsecution for Perjury, committed in such Examination or Affidavit.

4 So help me GOD.*

IX; And be it further enacted. That any two Commissioners appointed to hear and determine Appeals

under the said Act for any County, Riding. Shire, Stewartry, Division, or Place, are hereby declared

competent to hear and determine Appeals, and to do all other Acts which Commissioners of Appeals are

jequired or authorized to do under the said recited Acts, or either of them; Provided always. That where

two*

The Directions

in §§ ic6,109,

ofc. ij. re-

setting the

Delivery of

Duplicates of

Assessmenu by

the Commer-

cial Commis-

sioners to the ,

Receivers Gc-

A Commission-

cf for the Pur-

ports of the

laid Attain

Trade or Ma-

im fatture may

be assessed be-

fore the Com-

mercial Com-

intffioners j but

where none

Oath*

Tv o Comitiif-

sioners of Ap-

peal may

but if they do

act agree w

