148 C. 79.

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

with the Clerk

of the Peace,

with whom the

Name of the

Society, the

Names of the

Members, and

the Time and

Place of Meet

within the Space of two Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, be deposited with the Clerk of the

Peace for the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, Shire, or Place, where such Society or Lodge hath been

usually held : Provided also, That this Exemption shall not extend to any such Society or Lodge, unless the

Name or Denomination thereof, and the usual Place or Places, and the Time or Times of its Meetings, and

the Names and Descriptions of all and every the Members thereof, be registered with such Clerk of the Peace

as aforesaid, within two Months after the passing of this Act, and also on or before the twenty-fifth Day of

March in every succeeding Year.

ing, shall be registered before March a 5, yearly.

VII. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace, or the Person ailing in his Behalf, in^ny such

County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, Shire, or Place, is hereby authorized and required to receive such

Certificate, and make such Registry as aforesaid, and to enrol the fame among the Records of such County,

Stewartry, Riding, Division, Shire, or Place, and to lay the fame, once in every Year, before the General

Session of the Justices for such County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, Shire, or Place ; and that it shall and

may be lawful for the said Justices, or for the major Part of them, at any of their General Sessions, if they

shall so think fit, upon Complaint made to them, upon Oath, by any one or more credible Persons, that

the Continuance of the Meetings of any such Lodge or Society is likely to be injurious to die publick Peace

and good Order, to direct that the Meetings of any such Society or Lodge within such County, Stewartry,

Riding, Division, Shire, or Place, shall from thenceforth be discontinued ; and any such Meeting held, not*

withstanding such Order of Discontinuance, and before the fame shall, by the like Authority, be revoked*

shall be deemed an unlawful Combination and Confederacy under the Provisions of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That evety Person who, at any Time after the passing of this Act, shall*

in Breach of the Provisions thereof, be guilty of any such unlawful Combination and Confederacy, as in

this Acts described, shall and may be proceeded against for such Offence in a summary Way, either

before one or more Tuftice or Tuftices of the Peace for the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City,

Town, or Place, where such rerfon shall happen to be, or by Indictment to be preferred in the County*

Riding, Division, City, Town, or Place in England, wherein such Offence shall be committed, or by Indict-

ment in the Court of Judiciary, or in any of the Circuit Courts in Scotland, if the Offence shall be committed

in Scotland \ and every Person being convicted of any such Offence, on the Oath of one or more credible

• Witness or Witnesses, by such Justice or Tuftices as aforesaid, shall be by him or them committed to the

Common Gaol or House of Corredion for such County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place,

thereto remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Term of three Calendar Months, or shall be by such

Justice or Justices adjudged to forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, as to such Justice or Justices shall

teem meet; and in case such Sum ofMoney shall not be forthwith paid into the Hands of such Justice or

Justices, he or they shall, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, cause the fame

to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, together with all Costs and Charges

attending fuen Distress and Sale, and for Want of sufficient Distress, shall commit such Offender to the

Common Gaol or House of Corredion of such County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Town, of

Place as aforesaid, for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months 5 and every Person convicted of any

such Offence upon Indictment by due Course of Law, shall and may be transported for the Term of Seven

Years, in the Manner provided by Law for Transportation of Offenders,*or imprisoned for any Time not

exceeding two Years, as the Court before whom such Offender shall be tried shall think fit; and every such

Offender, who shall be Ordered to be transported, shall be subject and liable to all Laws concerning Of*

fenders ordered to be transported.

IX. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices of the Peace, by or before whom

any Persons Shall, in pursuance of this Act, be convicted of any unlawful Combination or Confederacy,

ana such Justice and Justices is and are hereby authorized and empowered (if he or they shall fee Cause)

to mitigat^and lessen the Punishment herein-before directed to be inflicted upon any Offender against this

Ad, so convicted as aforesaid, so as such Punishment be not thereby reduced to less than one Third of

the Punishment hereby directed to be inflicted as aforesaid, whether such Punishment shall be by Imprison-

ment or Fine.

. X. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That any Person who shall be prosecuted before any Justice

or Justices of the Peace, in a summary Way, for any Offence against this Act, and shall be convicted or-

acquitted by such Justice or Justices, (nail not afterwards be prosecuted, or be liable to be prosecuted, by

' Indictment or otherwise*for the fame Offence; and so in like Manner any Person who shall be convicted or

acauitted upon any Indictment for any Offence against this Act, shall not afterwards be prosecuted,

or be liable to be prosecuted before any justice or Justices of the Peace, in a summary Way, for the fame:

Offence.

XI. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent any Prosecution by Indid~

ment, or otherwise, for any Thing which shall be an Offence within the Intent and Meaning of this Act*

and which might have been so prosecuted if this Act had not been made, unless the Offender lb all have been

prosecuted for such Offence under this Act, and convicted or acquitted of such Offence ; save only that no

Person shall be prosecuted for having been, before the passing of this Act, a Member.of any Society hereby

declared to be an unlawful Combination and Confederacy*if such Person shall not in any Manner, have acted

as a Member of such Society after the passing of this Act.

XII. Provided always. That nothing herein contained (hdl extend to discharge any Person in Custody

at the passing of this Act* or who* haying been in Custody, shall have been discharged, on Bail or Re-

cognizance*,

Clerk of the

Peace to lay such

Certificate and

Registry before

the General

Seffioruyearly,

who may order

any Lodge to be

discontinued, if

likely to be in-

jurious to the

publick Peace.

Offenders may

be proceeded

against, either

fcmmarily be-

fore one Tuftice,

or by Indict-

ment.

Persons con-

victed before

a Justice shall

■forfeit aol. or

futfer three

Months Impri-

sonment, and

Persons convic-

ted on Indict.

ment shall be

transported for

seven Years.

Justices may

mitigate Pu-

oiihmcm.

Persons prose-

cuted cither be-

fore a Justice,

or indicted, not

liable to other

Pxofecution.

Offenders may

be indicted, as

heretofore, if

not profccutrd

under this Act.

Persons in Cuf-

tody or on Bad,

at paflin* this

Act, (till Halle

to rrofccuucuw

c.ooQ[e

