A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III.

C. 80.

155

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for better regulating the Manner of carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the

Coast of Africa.—[12th July 1799.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to regulate the shipping and carrying Slaves* in British Vessels, from the

V V Coast of Africa Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Conient of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of August next after the promAue. 1

passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Master or other Person taking or having the Charge or ,799>noBriti&

Command of any British Ship or Vessel whatever, which shall clear out from any Port of this Kingdom, to Vessel shall

take or have on board, or to convey, carry, bring, or transport Slaves from the Coast of Africa to any Part cirry Slave*

beyond Sea, in any such Ship or Vessel, unless such Ship or Vessel shall, at the Time of her so clearing the Cojft

out, have been entered for such Purpose at the Custom House of the Port from whence such Ship or Vessel Cnt^cd for

cleared out. that Purpose at the Port of Clearance.

II. And be it further enacted, That in every such Ship or Vessel, the whole Space between Decks shall The whole

be allotted and properly prepared for the Reception of such Slaves; and that after any such Ship or Vessel Space between

shall have taken two third Parts of her Complement of Slaves on board, in the Proportion herein-after to be Deck* or such

limited, no Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Stores, shall ever be flowed or put in any such Place in which

any such Slaves shall be. Slave” and

after two Thirds of the Complement of Slaves are taken on board, no Stowage shall be put into the Place allotted for them*

The Space be-

tween Decks

allotted for

Slaves shall be

five Feet high.

Vessels of one

Deck shall have

a false Deck

fixed In the

Hold.

III. And be it further enacted, That in every such Ship or Vessel, the said Space between Decks so allotted

for the Reception of Slaves shall be, in every Part throughout the whole Length and Breadth thereof, of the

full and complete perpendicular Height of five Eeet, measuring from the upper Surface of the Lower Deck

to the under Surface of the Upper Deck*

IV. And whereas Ships or Vessels having only one Deck, are sometimes tjfed for shipping and carrying

Slaves from the Coast of Africa,' be it further enacted, That in all such Vessels a faHe Deck shall be fixed

in the Hold for the Reception of the Slaves; which shall be taken and considered as her Lower Deck for the

Purposes of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That ho Ship or Vessel shall be permitted to clear out from any Port in

Great Britain, for the Purpose of shipping and carrying Slaves from Africa, until the proper'Officer of the

Customs at such Port shall have examined and admeaiured such Ship or Vessel, and shall have certified in

Writing to the Collector of his Majesty's Customs at such Port, the Height between Decks, and also the

extreme Length and Breadth, in Feet and Inches, of the Lower Deck of the said Vessel; which Length and

Breadth being multiplied together, the Product shall be deemed and considered to be the true superficial

Contents of the said Deck; and the said Contents so obtained, being divided by Eight, the Quotient ip

whole Numbers shall exprefe the greatest Number of Slaves which the said Vessels shall be permitted to have

on board at any one Time (for which Certificate he shall be entitled to demand and receive the Sum of ten

Shillings from the Master or Owner of the said Vessel) j and the said Certificate, verified as to the Calculation

of the Number to be taken on board by the Examination and Signature of the Collector, shall be annexed

to the Clearance of the said Vessel, and shall be produced therewith to the Collector or Comptroller, or other

proper Officer of the Customs, at every Port in the West Indies or America, belonging to his Majesty, at

which the said Vessel shall arrive, before any Slave or Slaves shall be permitted to be landed out of the said

Vessel at any such Port.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every such Ship or Vessel, previous to her being cleared out, shall

have painted in White or Yellow Letters, of a Length not less than four Inches, upon a Black Ground,

on some conspicuous Part of her Stern (provided there shall be sufficient Space for that Purpose, but if not,

in Letters as large as the Space will admit) the Words Allowed to carry Slaves,' the Number of Slavey

expressed in the Licence annexed to the Clearance of the said Vessel being added thereto, in Figures of the

fame Length and Colour.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Master or other Person taking or

having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, to take or have on board at any one Time, or

to convey, carry, bring, or transport Slaves from the Coast of Africa to any Part beyond the Sea, in any

such Ship or Vessel, in any greater Number than in the Proportion of one fuchvSlave for every eight square

Feet of the superficial Contents of the Lower Deck of such Ship or Vessel, ascertained as herein-before

direcded; and if any such Master or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such

Ship or Vessel, shall act contrary hereto, such Master or other Person as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay the

Sum of thirty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, for each and every such Slave exceeding in

Number the Proportions herein-before limited, one Moiety whereof shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs or

Successors, and the other Moiety thereof shall go to any Person or Persons who shall first sue for the

same.

VIII. And whereas great Mortality has been found to occur among the Slaves from their having been

4 subje&edto a Confinement more than usually close and severe in consequence of the Weakness of the

'; X x 4 Crews

No Vessel shall

clear out till the

proper Officer

of the Custom*

shall have ad*

measured it as

herein deferib-

ed, and certified

the fame to the

Ctfjfttor.

Certificate shall

be ahnexed for

the Clearance,

and produced

before any Slave

shall be landed.

Vessels shall

have painted ort

their Stern the

Words « Al-

lowed to carry

Slaves,’ and the

Number they are permitted to carry.

Master* of Vcf-

fds shall forfeit

30I. for every

Slave exceeding

the Proportion

of one Slave for

every eient

square Feet of

the Lower DbcU.

No greater

it umber oS

