250

discharged with-

in the Docks.

Lift of Rates.

How and

where to be

paid.

C, lxix.

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

the Owner or Owners, Consignee or Consignees of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes respectively,

(over and above the Rates and Duties herein-before granted,) the several Rates or Duties herein-after par-

ticularly rated and described 5 (that is to lay,)

For Aloes

Balsam, Natural

Cassia

Cortex Winteranus

Cocoa

Coffee - -

Cotton Wool

Dyers Woods

’ Ginger -

Gum Guiacum

Hides -

Indigo

Marmalade -

Oil, Castor,

Pimento

Rum -

Sarsaparilla

Sugar

Succads (in Boxes)

Tamarinds, or Succads (in Jars)

Tortoise Shell

T urmeric

And for Wine, including Madeira, -

- 4

- 4

- 4

- 4

- 1

- 1

- 2

- o

- 3

• 4

- o

- 2

- 2

- 2

- 3

- o

- 6

- o

- 5

- 2

- 5

- 4

o

>per Hundred Weight

d.

8'

8

8

8

6

6

6

6

8J

6 per Dozen.

6 per Hundred Weight*

t}p‘rJ"-

2 per Hundred Weight.

1 per Gallon.

°)

8 >per Hundred Weight*

6 per Jar.

g per Hundred Weight.

per Gallon.

For every Calk, Cafe, Bundle, Bale, or other Package, containing any Article of Merchandize not

otherwise specified or described in this T‘able, being of the Weight of two.hundred, or upwards, five Shil-

lings :

For every such Calk, Cafe, Bundle, Bale, or other Package, being under the Weight of two hundred, two

Shillings and Sixpence :

For any Article of Merchandize brought loose, (except Wood',) not otherwise specified or described in

this Table, and subject to any Duty of Customs chargeable according to the Weight, for every hundred, one

Shilling:

For any Articleof Merchandize brought loose, not herein-before specified or described, whether subjedto

any Duty of Customsor not, and which shall be landed within the Dock Premises, there shall be coiledei

and paid a Rate or Duty not exceeding the Rate or Charge heretofore usually paid in the Port of London,

for Lighterage, Landing, Loading, and Housing of any such Article.

Which Rates or Duties shall be levied and collected as herein-after is expressed, and shall be accepted and

taken for and in respect of the Use and Conveniency of the said Docks, and the Quays, Wharfs, and Cranes*

and other Machines which shall belong thereto, and the Land Waiter’s Fees on Account of such Goods

v in uic uuu 9 vw cucijuuics, aim

all Charges of delivering the fame from the said Warehouses: and which said Rate or Duty of six Shillings

and eight Pence ter Ton, and the said several other Rates or Duties last herein-before granted, shall be and

are hereby vested in the said West India Dock Company, and their Successors, Executors, Administrators,

and Assigns, (holding for the Time being Shares of the aforesaid Capital Stock,) as their own proper

Monies, but for the rurposes herein-after mentioned ; and the said Rate or Duty of six Shillings and eight

Pence per Ton shall be paid at the Time of each Ship's or other VeflePs Entry Inwards or Clearsnice Out-

wards, at the Custom House in the Port of London, to the Officer or Person appointed to collect and receive

the fame, under such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions as are by this Act directed and required with re-

gard to the entering Inwards and clearing Outwards of Ships or other Vessels, on which other Rates and

Duties are by this Act imposed ; or for Want of such Entry, then at any Time before such Ships or Vessels

respectively shall fail or proceed from the said Docks or Basons, so as no Ship or other Vessel shall be subject

or liable to the Payment of the said Rate or Duty of (ix Shillings and eight Pence per Ton more than once

for every Voyage, both Out and Home inclusive ; and the Rates or Duties hereby granted in respect of such

of the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize to be imported from the West Indies, as shall be fuojed to the

Payment of any Duty to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be payable and paid, when the

Pcft Entry of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be made, at the said Custom House, to the Officer

or Person appointed to collect and receive the same ; and the Rates or Duties hereby granted in respect of such

of the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize as shall not be subject to the Payment of any Duty to the King’s

Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be payable and paid before such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize re-

spectively shall be taken from the said Dock Premises; Provided always, That when and so often as any

Ship or other Vessel arriving in the said Docks shall not be fully laden, the said Rate of six Shillings and eight

Pence per Ton shall only be collected and paid for and in Proportion to the actual Tonnage of the Cargo

imported

