a 22. Anno tricesimo n'ono Georgii III. A.D.' 1799.

THIRTEENTH CASE.

Lands or Tenements demiftd in Confide rat ion of Fines, whether with or without a Rent referred*

The Ineome arising from such Lands or Tenements shall be estimate J at the Amount at which the fame

would he estimated in the Cafe of an Owner occupying the fame, deducting therefrom a Sum equal to the

Annual Value of Payments reserved to the Owner, as directed to be estimated in the Fourth Cafe.

Deductions, as in the Eleventh Cafe.

3d. INCOME of Mtfie Lefjbrs, under Demises% in Consideration of Fines, whether with or without a Rent

reserved, and of Lands or Tenements demijed upon improveable Leajes.

FOURTEENTH CASE.

In every such Cafe, the Income of every Mesne Leflor or Leflors shall be charged at the fame Amount as

his Income would be charged at if Owner, deducing therefrom such Rent and Average of Fines (if any) as

shall be paid thereout to his or her immediate Ldlbr.

II. INCOME arising from Personal Property^ and from Trades, Professions, Offices, Pensions, Allowances9

Stipends, Employments, and locations.

FIFTEENTH CASE.

ift, INCOME from any Trade, Profession, Office, Pension, Allowance, Stipe-: iy Employment, or Vocation9

being of uncertain Annual Amount.

The Income arising therefrom to be taken for the first Year of being cinte/d, be eft muted cither at

not leis than the full Amount of the Profits or Gains of such Trade, iJro‘cihop, Ou’wc, Pennon, Allowance*

Stipend, Employment, or Vocation, within the preceding Year, or, at tae E.e-’con of the Per ion charged*

at a Sum not less than the fair and just Average for one Year of the Amount 0} the Profits or Gains of such

Trade, Profession, Office, Pension, Allowance, Stipend, Employment, or Vex it.on, in the three Years pre-

ceding, and in all succeeding Years, the Income to be reckoned according to the fame Mode which the said

Person shall have chosen to take in the first Y ear.

Deductions.

No other Deductions to be made from such Income, than such as are herein-after comprized under the

Head of General Deductions; except two Thirds of the Rent paid by the Tenants of Houses, Part

whereof is occupied and used by such Tenants as an Open Shop for Retail I rade only; or by Innkeepers

and other Persons licensed to fell Wine, Ale, or other Liquors, by Retail, to be drank in their respective

Houses; or by Persons keeping any School, Academy, or Seminary for Learning, and usually having their

Scholars to board and lodge (to a number not less than 'fen) in theirrespective Dwelling Houses, and also,

except any Rate charged in respect thereof, by virtue of any Act for granting an Aid to his ivlajclfy by a Land

Tax; or on Offices, Pensions, Stipends, or Personal Estates, by any Act for the Services of the Year for-

which the Computation lha.ll be made; or upon Pensions, or Salaries, Fees, and Wages, in respect of

Offices of Profit? by an Act, passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of King George the b irtt; or upon

Pensions, Gratuities, Offices, or Employments of Profit, by an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of his late

Majesty King George the Second.

SIXTEENTH CASE.

2d. INCOME from Offices, Pensions, Stipends, Annuities, Inter ejl of Money, Rent Charge, cr other Payments

of the like Nature, being of certain Annual Amount.

The Income possessed by the same Person during the Whole of the preceding Year, to be taken at not

less than the v/hole Income, paid or payable in respect thereof, within the Year preceding, ending on the

fifth Day of February in each Year, or on such other Day of the Year as the Annual Payments have been

usually completed; and Income not possessed by the same Person during the Whole of the preceding

Year, at not leis than the whole Income (as far as the lame can be computed) which will become payable

in the succeeding Year.

General Deductions to be allowed; and also any Tax or Charge in respect of the fame, imposed

by any Act or Acts.

III. INCOME arising out of Great Britain.

SEVENTEENTH CASE.

1 ft. From Foreign Pcjpffions.

T he full Amount of the actual Annual Net Income received in Great Britain, either estimating fi>ch Re-

ceipt in the full Year of being charged at the Election of the Person charged, according to the Year ending

the filth Dav of February immediately preceding such Estimate, or according to the Average of the threi

Years preceding such fifth Day of February, or on such Day in each Year on which the Account of ffion

7' 1 Income

c.ooQ[e

