A. D» 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. lxxxvii, Ixxxviil. 511

ment, the Value of the said Rabbit Warrens, and of the Right of keeping such Warrens on the said Heath, bjt Warrens 0,1

an 1 then the said Commissioners are heicbv required to set out, allot, and award unto and for the said King’s 1 f cat

Majesty* his Heirs and Successors, over and above the Allotment herein directed to be made to him as Lord%

cf tht fnd Manor, such Part and i » ,tuc(i of the Residue of the said Commons and Wufte Lands within the

feid Manor, and her by directed to be inclosed, as in their Judgment shall be equal to the ascertained Vahie

Of such Property as atorclaid.

XLIII. ‘ And where his said Majesty, as Lord of the said Manor of Byfleefvt\t\\ its Members, and his

4 said Royal Highness Frederick DnLe ot lori as Lefleeof the said Manor, under and by virtue of the said

4 subsisting Lease from the Crown, are willing to release and discharge all Heriots due and payable to the

4 Lord of the said eianor, out of or from, or for or inrespect of any Customary or Copyhold Mefi'uages,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, heldof the said Manor and also to release and discharge all or any

4 of the Customary or Copyhold L nos held of the said Manor, of and from all Claim and Right due by

4 Custom of the said Manor to the Lord thereof, of, in, and to any Timber or Trees felled upon or from all

4 or any such Customary or Copynolu Lands, on being paid such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be deem*

ed an adequate Recompence and Compensation for the fame as herein-after mentioned :* Be it therefore

enacted,

44 Power to fell all Heriots, anchClaim and Right to Timber and Trees [as under $ 46 and 47 of Cap.

44 Ixxxvi.]. His Majesty's Share of the Money received for Heriots and Timber in the Manor of Byfleet, to

44 be paid into the Bank according to the Direction of 38 Geo. III. Cap. 60. *47. {as in § 48 of Cap.

44 Ixxxvi.) § 45*. Commissioners to make an Extract of so much of their Award as describes his Majesty’s

44 Allotment, and to deliver the fame to the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue. § 71. {asunder § 73

44 of Cap. Ixxxvi.)”

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall prejudice, lessen, or defeat the Saving the

Right, Title, or Interest of his said Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or his Lessee, or of any or either of Rights of his

them, or of any other Person or Persons who shall respectively for the Time being be Lord or Lords of the Lo?d»of the

said Manor of Byfleet with its Members of, in, or to the Seigniory or Royalties incident and belonging to' Manors,

such Manor or Lordship, or any of them; but that his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and such

- other Lord or Lords for the Time being, shall and may at all Times hereafter hold and enjoy the feme, and

all Rights and Services, Courts, Perquisites and Profits of Courts, Franchises, Privileges, Waifs, Estrays,

and all other Royalties, Rights, and Appurtenances, to such Manor or Lordship incident or belonging,.

(other than those which arc intended to be barred and destroyed by this A<ftJ in as full, ample, extensive,

and beneficial a Manner as they respectively could or might have held and enjoyed the fame in case this Act

bad not been made.

LXXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacEted, That any Thing herein contained shall not ex*- Refcrvingthe

tend, or be construed to extend, to authorize any Obstructionin, or otherwise prejudice the Towing Paths Right of the-

belonging to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, within the Limits specifiedin

*hisA&.: Paths,

44 General Saving. § 82. Public Act. § 83.’^’

Cap. Ixxxviii;

An Act for extending the Royalty of the City of Glasgow over certain adjacent Lands y*

for paving, lighting, and cleansing the Streets, for regulating the Police, and appoint-

ing Officers and Watchmen; for dividing the City into Wards, and appointing Com*

missioners; and for raising Funds, and giving certain Powers to the Magistrates and*

Councils and Town and Dean of Guild Courts, for the above and other Purposes.

[39th June1800.X

IrXXIX. AND be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to arid in the Power of the said Lord Provost Inhabitants

l\ and Magistratesof the said City, and other Commissioners aforesaid, to cause Enumera- maybeenume*

tionsof the Inhabitants to be made from Time to Time, and as often as they shall think expedient, and to ”ted*

employ proper Persons for thar Purpose, to be paid from the said Assessments; and all Innkeepers and [For the Pur-

M a Hers of Hotels, Publick Houses, Lodging Houses, and other Houses of Entertainment, shall, and they pofcsofth*

^ are hereby ordered and required on such Occasions, and at all other Times when required by the Lord Pro-

voft or any of the said Magistrates, or any Officer or other P'erfon acting under or by virtue of a written

Order from them,or either of them, to give the Names and Occupations of, and otherwise describe all Per-,

fons living in their Houses and Families, under the Penalty of forfeiting for each Refufel any Sum not ex--

©ceding ten Shillings Sterlingto be levied and applied in Manner herein-after directed.

\

lS

Capi

9

