A* D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III.

C. 42.

i

CAP. XLII.

n'Act to enable the Commercial Commissioners appointed to carry into Execution

certain Acts for granting Duties upon Income, to extend the Time limited by the said

Acts for receiving Returns of Income j and for explaining and amending the said Acts.

[torh May 1799 ]

WHEREAS by an A<£>, piaffed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, extending

4 W the Ti. ~ ° * ......

?-) Geo. T

$ 14. and

? present S eft on of Parliament, intituled,

44 An Act to repeal the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the last Sejfun of Parliament, for granting an Aid

41 and Contribution'for the Projection of the War; and to make more effectual Provfon for the like Purpose,

44 by granting certain Duties upon Income in lieu of the said Duties, and to amend the said A:tf the Time for

4> making Returns of Income to Commercial Commissioners appointed under a prior Act of the same Session ? \ '

4 of Parliament, is limited to the Period of ten Days after their Appointment: And whereas it is expedient

4 to empower such Commissioners to enlarge the Time for making Returns to them, from Time to Time*

4 as they shall judge necessary: And whereas it is expedient, that so much of an Act, p ailed in this Session of c.*3. recited

4 Parliament, for granting pertain Duties upon Income, and of the/aid recited Act, as relates to the Co!-'

4 lection and Payment of the said Duties, fhodd be explained and amended, and that any.Omillions or

4 Mistakes which may have happened in the Appointment of the Commiiiioners for executing the said AcT,

4 should be supplied or rectified: May it therefore pleaJe your Majesty that it may be enacted;* and be it

ttia&ed by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

tnd Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

That it shall be lawful for the respective Commercial Commissioners appointed as afore said, from Time to

Time, to issue their Orders for enlarging the Time for delivering to them Statements, and making Returns

of Income of Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, liable to be charged to the Duties in the said

Acts mentioned by such Commercial Commissioners, so as that, after the latest Period so to be fixed, there

remain sufficient Time for making the Assessments upon such Returns prior to the fifth Day of June one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and to cause the Periods fixed by them for such Delivery and

Returns, to be from Time toTimepublished in the London Gazette, or some Newspaper usually circulated

in the County, Riding, or Place where such Commissioners shall act; which Orders, under the Names of

three or mere such Commissioners, shall be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the

Periods fixed therein had been limited in and by this Act 5 and all Persons who shall have omitted to rn&ke

such Returns within the Period required by the said recited Acts, or either of them, who before or on the

thy or Days fixed, or to be fixed, by such Commercial Commissioners for that Purpose, shall have made,

or (nail make, such Return as by the said recited Acts, or either of them, is authorized j and all such Com-

mercial Commissioners who shall have received, or shall receive within such Times as aforesaid, any such

Returns, shall be, and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and again!! all Actions, Suits,

Penalties, and Forfeitures, incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reason of such Omission or Acts and

every such -Return made, or to be made within the Time limited, or to be limited, by the said Commercial

Commissioners as aforesaid, shall be of the like Force and Effect as if the dime had been made within the

Time limited by the said recited Acts, or either of them.

II. And whereas the Inquests of several Counties and Places luve omitted to name sufficient Persons

4 to act as Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Acts, and others named by the Inquests have declined

4 acting therein, whereby the Execution of the said Acts may be retarded be it further enacted, That for

every Division, City, Borough, Town, or Place, for which the Inquests aforefuiJ/hal! not have named any

Persons to ad therein, s or where the Persons named or to be named by the said Inquests have declined or may

decline to ad therein, or so many of them have declined or may decline to ad, as not to leave ty/o Persons

at the least to act for such Divifior., City, Borough, Town, or Place, and where sufficient Commissioners

shall not be appointed for every such Division, City, Borough, Town, or Place, on or before the Expiratiorf

of ten Days after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or

6fthe said Acts, fathat for each such Division, City, Borough, Town, or Place, there ihali not be acting

more than five nor kfs than two such Persons under such Nomination of the Commiaioneis for the Affairs

of Taxes, or under any Nomination of such Inquests as aforesaid; and every such Appointment by th^ faiu

Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any three or more of them, (hn11 be as valid and e{fedml,

during the Period herein-afeer mentioned, as if the fame Ind been made by the Inquest of the County,

Riding, or Place, under the said Acts: Provided always,-That‘fcvt.ry such Appointment as 1 aft afore-

said, shall be tevocable by the Inquest of the County, Riding, or Place, assembled at tnq-next and sub-

sequent Assize and Session of Oyer ant! Terminer and General Gaol Delivery for the County, Riding, or

Place, after any such Appointment, or by the major Part of the Jurors there afltinbled, in case they^shall

Borough, Town, or Place as aforesaid; but in Default of such Revocation and Nomination, the Appoint-

ment of the said Commissioners for the Aftafts of Taxes shall stand good.

39 Geo. III. P III, And

Commvci.il

Commissioners

m ly enlarge the

Time for deli-

vering State-

ments, so as

there remain

sufficient Time

for making the

Assessments

prior to June 5,

1799; A13*!

fe the Pc-

nods they fix

for such Deli-

very to be ad-

vertifed in the

Gazette, or

some Paper cir«

eulated in the

Place where

;lu-y<a&.

Where the fn*

quells have not

named Com-

missioners, or

where so many

named have de-

clined to art as

not to leave two,

and where fufft-

cic-nt CommT-

fior.ers shall not

be appointed by

ten Days after

patting this Art,

t: j "Comm i if: o n-

ers of Taxes

m ;y appoint )

them out of the

Lilts «f the

Commissioners

of fund Tax.

Such Appoint-

ments revocable

by the Inquest at

the nexr Assize,

on a sufficient

Number oiqua-

ff fieri Puff ns

b/.iqr nominat-

ed, ar.d accept-

ing ili: Office.

