18

Joint Tenants,

ic. m3y re-

deem their Pro-

portion of Lard

Tax, and on a

Partition their

Share shall be

exonerated.

On one of such

Joint Tenants,

Ac.neglecting

to redeem, any

other such Te-

nant may claim

a Preference.

FeHons may fell

Lands byParcels

to make good

Instalmentsj

' the particular

Instalment to

be satisfied shall

be specified in

theConveyance,

and no more

Money shall be

raised by all such

Sales than if the

“Whole were

sold at once.

Where lands

are fold in dif-

' ftrent Counties,

Certificates of

, the former Sales

foal I be pro-

duced to the

Commissioners

in the County

Where the sub-

sequent Sales a re

made, who may

take Examina-

tions reflecting

such former

Salca.

The Whose of

a Farm which

cannot be eligi-

bly divided, but

which is more

than fulfiucnt

to redeem Land

C. 6. Annq tricefuno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

have the fame Pruv'ers and Remedies for the Recovery of the Land Tax so redeemed as Landlords may use

for the Recovery of Rents in Arrear.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That when two or more Persons shall be seised or entitled in *undivided

Shares and Proportions, either as Coparceners, Tenants in Common, or Joint Tenants, of or to any Ma-

nors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, it shall be lawful for any one or more of such

Persons to apply to the Commissioners of I, and Fax or Supply, acting in and for the Division, Shire,

Stewartry, or Place, wherein such Manors, Me (lunges. Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be

situate, to settle and adjust the Amount and Proportion of each of such Person’s Share of and in the Land

Tax charged thereon, and to grant a Certificate thereof; and the said Commissioners shall grant such Cer-.

tifcate to the Person or Persons applying for the fame, and thereupon it shall be lawful for such Person or

Persons to claim the like Benefit of Preference for the Redemption of his, her, or their Proportion of the said

Land Tax, and do all Acts necessary for carrying such Contract into Execution, in the same Manner as if

such Proportion of Land l ax had been separately charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements#

or Hereditaments, and as if such Person or Persons was or were solely seised or entitled ; and in case Partition

shall, at any lime after-the Redemption of such Land Tax, be made of the said Manors, Mefl'uagts, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, between such Coparceners, Tenants in Common, or Joint Tenants, then

and in such Cafe, the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall upon such

Partition be allotted to the Person or Persons who shall so have redeemed his, her, or their Proportion

of the said Land T^x, shall, immediately upon such Partition being completed, be and become exonerated

and discharged from such Land Tax, and every Part thereof.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That ifany one or more of such Person 01 Persons, who shall be seised

or entitled, in undivided Shares or Proportions, of or to any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Here-

ditaments as aforesaid, shall negiedf or refuse to redeem his, her, or their Proportion or Proportions of the

Land Tax charged on such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, then and in such Cafe

it shall be lawful for any other or others of such Person or Persons to claim the like Benefit of Preference for

the Redemption of the Proportion or Proportions of the Person or Persons so neglectingor refusing to redeem,

of and in such Land Tax, and to contract for the Redemption thereof, and to do all Acts necessary for

carrying such Contract into Execution, as he, (he, or they can claim or do for the Redemption of his,

her, or their own Proportion of the said Land Tax, and to discharge the said Manors, Messuages, Xands.

Tenements, or Hereditaments, from his, her, or their just Proportion of the Land Tax so redeemed, and

to have the Residue as an Annuity, in the same Manner as any Person having a limited Estate may do on his

or her redeeming the Land Tax, in Preference to Persons in Reversion, Remainder, or Expedancy.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Body Politick or Corporate, or

Company aforesaid, or any other Person or Persons who is or are authorized by the said Act of the thirty-eighth

Year of the Reign df His presentMajetty,orby this Act, to fell any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, for the rurpose of redeeming his, her, or their Land Tax, to put up tt>

Sale, from Time to Time, such Part or Parcel of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Here-

ditaments, as (half be necessary for the Purpose of making good the respective Instalments agreed to be

transferred for redeeming* such Land Tax, as the fame shall respectively become due, or any Number of

such Instalments at once, as shall seem most expedient: Provided always, That in every Conveyance to be

made upon such Sales, there shall be specified the particular Instalment or Instalments for the Payment of

which such Sale shall have been made, and the Amount thereof; Provided also, That no more Money shall

be raised by all such Sales together than would or might be raised under the Provisions of the said Act, or this

Ad, if the Whole had been fold atone Time.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That if the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

anti Hereditaments, which shall be so (old at various Times, shall be situate in different Counties, then and

in such Cafe the Person, Body, Corporation, or Company, who shall be desirous of making any such Sale,

dial], in case any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, situate in any other County,

shall have been fold for the Purpose of making good any prior Instalment, produce and shew to the Com-

missioners for executing the said Act for the County or Place wherein the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Te-

nements, or Hereditaments, so proposed to be sold, shall be situate, a Ceitificate under the Hands and Seals

of the Commissiorers for such other County or Counties, of such former Sale or Sales, which Certificate

shall contain a Statement and Account of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,

which shall have been so fold, and also the Amount of the Purcnafe Money for the fame, and the particular

Instalments to be made good therewith, whion Certificate such last-mentioned Commissioners are hereby

authorized and required to give to the Person, Body, Corporation, or Company, applying for the fame;

and such first-mentioned Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to examine, upon Oath or

Affirmation, in the Manner mentioned in the said Ad, the Person or Persons who thall oe dclirous of making

such Sale as last mentioned, touching any Matters or Things relating to any former Sales which such Com-

missioners may think necessary for their Information, and to receive any Affidavit or Deposition in Writing

in the Manner mentioned in /the said Act. '

XXIX. And be it further enacted. That if any Farm or Lands usually occupied together, shall be pro-

posed to be sold under the Provisions of the said Act, in order to redeem the Land Tax charged thereon, anil

also on other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which stand settled and limited to the fame UTes, and in,

the fame Order and Course of Limitation, and which Farm or Lanas shall be more than sufficient for that

Purpose; and in case it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, that such Farm or Lands cai>-

not be divided in order that an adequate Part thereof may be fold without Loft to the Parties mtcrefted, and

