A- D. *799. Anno tricesimo nono Geg^gii III. C. 96, 97*98. .1

CAP. xcvi.

An Act to enable'Matthew Boulton, Engineer, to export the Machinery necessary for

erecting a Mint in the Dominions of His Imperial Majesty, the Emperor of all the

Rtiffias*~~\\ 2th July 1799*]

\\7 HEREAS his Imperial Majesty Paul.the First, Emperor of all the RuJJtas, hath proposed toored

%< and eftabiifti a Mint at Saint Petersburgh, or in some other Part of his said Majesty’s Dominions ;

and to employ Matthew Boulton of Soho in the County of Stafford^ Engineer, in erecting the fame, and in

4 making and exporting the Machinery necessary for that Purpose: And whereas it may be expedient to

4 enable the said Matthew Boulton to execute the said Work, it being doubtful whether, confidently with the

4 Law as it now stands, he can execute the fame without being subject to certain Penalties and Forfeitures*’

be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of thq

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

of the fame, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, H,s Majesty*

by Writing or Warrant under his Hand and Seal, under such Restrictions and Conditions, and in such s^tTma°aii«

Manner as he shall think proper, to license and authorize the said Matthew Boulton, and all and every thodzITMr^

Person and Persons, whom he shall think fit to employ for such Purposes, to have in his or their Custody, Boulton to

Power, or Polfeftion, with Intent to export, and to collect, obtain, make, apply for, or cause or procure eieftaMintut

to be made, with Intent to export, and to export, and to do, or cause to be done, all or any Acts wnatfoeyer, Russia*

in or for or towards the exporting, or which shall be necefl'ary to enable him or them to make, obtain,

have, or procure for exporting, and to enable him or them to export any Machinery, Tools, Utensils,

Implements, or other Things, of what Nature soever, or any Parts thereof, or any Models or Plans,

or Parts thereof, for the effectually enabling the said Matthew Boulton, or such Persons as aforesaid, to ered

and establish, or *cause to be eroded and established, such Mint as aforesaid; and all Acts, Matters, and

Things which shall be done in pursuance of and according to such Licence and Authority, shall be, and be

deemed and taken to be lawful; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

4‘. Officers of the Customs may enter the Machinery, &c. which shall hot be liable to Seizure. § 2. His

44 Majesty’s Secretary of State may authorize Mr. Boulton to contract with Workmen to go out of the

44 Kingdom;*} 3. and to do any Thing necessary for executing the Work. If any Question shall afife

44 his Majesty’s Secretary of State shall determine it. § 4. Public Act. $ 5.”

CAP. XCVIL

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia m that Part of Great Britain called

England^ for one Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

4 [ rath 1799.I

CAP. XCVIII.

.An Act to allow the Importation of Spanish Wool in Ships belonging to Countries in '

Amity with His Majesty.—[12th July 1799.]

€ 7 HEREAS by an Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, amongst:

other Things, to prevent Traitorous Correspondence with his Majesty’s Enemies, and by several%

subsequent Acts, Trade and intercoarfe is prohibited between Great Britain and the Countries in Hostility 'v

4 with his Majesty, unless ftfch Trade and Intercourse shall be specially permitted by his Majesty’s Licence / *

r and Authority: And whgreas, for the Encouragement of the Manufactures of this Country, it is ex-

4 pedient to permit the Importation of Spanish Wool from any Place whatever, in Ships or Vessels belong -

4 ing to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be Spanish Wool

lawful to and for any Person or Persons to import into this Kingdom, Spanifl) Wool from any Port or Place be import-

whatever in Foreign Parts, in* any Ship or Vefiel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his £clon Yn

Majesty 5 any Thing in the said Act pasted in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, countries in

or any other Act or Acts of Parliament,to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. Amity with his

Majesty, notwithstanding the recited A

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Ship or Vessel, having on board any Spanish Wool, has ycflcls detained

been or mav be detained, and it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Lords of his Majesty’s Council that hiving spamrti

his Majesty’s Licence was granted for the Importation of such Spanish Wool before such Detention, it Gull Wo)1 on board

and may be lawful for the said Lords of his Majesty’s Council, and they are hereby authorized and Or^cT0^

required to order and direct the immediate Restoration of every such Ship or Vessel, and all such Spanish i,isMajcity*i

Wool, under the aforesaid Circumstances, to the respective Owner or Owners, or Proprietor or Proprietors council, if

thereof. >. Licence wai

freviously granted for the Importation.

39 Geo. Ilf*

Bb

CAP.

