48 C. 13. . Anno tricesimo nono Georgii .III. A. D. -1799.

Income of In-

fants, under the

Controul of

Courts of

Equ ity,

Lu aflcffid, and

the Duty paid

thereon under

tite DirediOn of

such Court.

Proctedings in

such Cafes shall

be free of Stamp

Duty.

Revenues of

Corporations,

&c. not appli-

cable to chaii-

table Purposes,

shall be charged

as other In-

LXXXVL And be it further ena£led, That all Income belonging to any Infant, or other Person or Persons,

which shall be under the Direction or Controul of any Court of Equity or other Court, in any Suit depending

or otherwise, shall be charged and assessed, under the Direction of such Court, in all Cafes in wh ch such

Income cannot be otherwise charged and aflelled under this A61; and such Court shall give all • necessary

Directions for such Purpose, and for Payment of the Duties which shall be (o charged and aiMed, in the

same Manner as is herein before directed with respect to Income under the Controul of any Court, the Title

where to shall be uncertain.

LXXXVJ. And be it further enacted. That all Proceedings in any Court, for the Purpose cf charging

any such Income as aforesaid, and obtaining Payment of the Dunes chargeable thereon, shall te free of Stamp

Duties, and all Fees and Charges attending the fame, except (or Writing.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted. That where any Bodies Politick or Corporate, Companies,

Fraternities, or Societies of Persons, whether Corporate or not Corporate, shall be entitled unto any Annual

Income to the respective Amounts beforespecified, (other than and besides any Income applicable to charitable

Purposes,) such Annual Income (not applicable to charitable Purposes only) shall be chargeable with such

and the 1 lee Rates as any other Annual Income of the fame Amount will, under and by virtue of this Act,

be chargeable with.

LXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Bodies Politick or Corporate,

Companies, Fraternities, or Societies aforesaid, shall be charged or chargeable, in respect of any Income,

which, according to the Rules or Regulations of such Corporations, Companies, Fraternities, or Societies,

shall be applicable to charitable Purposes, or to the Payment of any Annual Dividends or Interest to arise

and become payable to any individual Members of such Corporations or Publick Companies, or to -any

other Persons or Publick Bodies, having any Share, Right, or Title of, in, or to any Capital Stock or other

Property belonging to such Corporations or Publick Companies, nor in respect of which any Dividends or

Interest shall, according to such Rules and Regulations, become payable; provided that such Person or Persons,

Corporations, Companies, Fraternities, or Societies, to whom such Dividends or Interest shall be payable,

IhalEbe charged and chargeable in respect thereof, according to the Amounts thereof, and the Rates before

specified, as and when the fame shall be received by them respectively, other than and except Dividends and

Interest the Property of Persons not the Subjefb of his Majesty, and not resident in this KLingdom, and

that an Account of the Amount of such Dividends and Interest be delivered to such Infpcdtor or Surveyor as

shall be authorized for that Purpose under the Hands of three or more of the Commissioners for the Affairs

of Taxes, upon Demand thereof, by the fame Persons, and in the same Manner, as the Statements of the

Income of such Corporations, Companies, Fraternities, and Societies, are required to be delivered,

ers not resident in this Kingdom ; the Amount of which is to be delivered to an inspedtor, &c. in the same Manner as Statements

No Corporate

City, Arc. ftiull

I c charged for

Income appro-

priated to the

Lxpeiiccs of its

Government,

nor Colicgi itc

Bodies, Arc for

Income npplitd

to the Mainte-

nance of Fel-

lows, Arc. I at

the Accounts

shall he made up

annually, and the

LXXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That no Corporate City, Borough, Town, or Place,

shall be liable to be charged in respect cf such Portion of the Income belonging to such Corporate on as shall be

appropriated by any Act, Statute, or Bye Law, towards defraying the Expences incident to the Civil

Government of such Corporation, and that tro Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate shall be liable to

be charged in respect of such Part of its Income which by virtue of any Private Statutes or Charter, or of

any Will or other Instrument of Endowment belonging to or for the Establishment or Confirmation of the

Constitution of such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall be appropriated to the Maintenance,

Subsistence, or Advancement of any Matters, Fellows, Students, or Members thereof; provided that in

every Cafe where such Exemption (lull be claimed, an Account thereof shall be made up in the usual Form

for each Year during the Term herein mentioned and allowed by the said Commissioners, and that the

Persons to whose Use such Income shall be applied, shall be chargeable in respect thereof, as in other Cafes

under this Act.

Parties benefited shall be charged.

'The proper

Officer of Cor-

porations with-

in 2K Days of

each general

Notic. shall de-

liver to the In-

fpcCtor, Arc a

Statenuntofthe

Annual income

©:‘ such C orpo -

ration, [free 22.

NJui.li No 12,

13, 14 ) spe-

<ityin< what

Part of such In-

XC. And be it further enacted, That the Chamberlain, Treasurer, Clerk, or other Officer afling as

Treasurer, Auditor, or Receiver, for the Time being, of every such Corporation, Company, Fraternity,

or Society, shall, and he is hereby required, within twenty-eight Days after the Publication of such ge-

neral Notice as herein mentioned, in the Parish or Place wherein the Office of such Chamberlain, Trea-

surer, Clerk, or other Officer, shall be situate, to make out and deliver to the Inspector or Surveyor duly

authorized as aforesaid, a Statement of the Annual Income of such Corporation, Company. Fraternity, or

Society, according to the Form specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B), and shall also

specify in such Statement how much and what Proportion of such Annual Income is not chatgeabie by virtue

of this Act upon such Corporation, Company, Fraternity, or Society, and for what Purposes the Income,

not chargeable as abuefe.id, is oHhall be applicable; and such Infpcclors or Surveyors are hereby required

to transmit such Statement to the respective Clerks to the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, in the

Manner herein directed as to Statements of Houftholcers and others charged to the said Rates by vii tue of

this Act.

come 1$ r.ot cl.arge^t,lc; fudi Statements to be transmitted by the Irfpcflor, &c. to the Conim'ffioners* Clerks.

TrufUes and ^ ^ XCI. And be it further cnadkd, That where any Person, being Trustee, Agent, or Receiver, Guardian*

to;ati-uT- ^utor> Curator, or Committee, of or for any Person or Persons having any Income which shall be charge-

* able

C.oooo[e

