86.

i

IScec-l*-]

f See the Central

Vcduttitr.s at the

End of Schcdult

A.}

C. 22. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

__________ A. i.

N° 1.

LIST containing the proper Name of every Lodger, Inmate, and other Person resident in the Dwelling

House, except Sci var.ts and Infants, not having an Income chargeable by virtue of the Acts.

1

N° 2.

LI§T containing the proper Name and Place of Residence of every Person not resident in Great Britain,

and of every Infant, Idiot, Lunaticlc, married Woman, and other Person, having any Income charge-

able by virtue of the Acts, of which I am in Receipt as Trustee, Agent, Receiver, Guardian, Curator,

or Committee, and also the Name or Names of such Persons who are joined with me in such Trust.

Name or Names of Persons above described. LMcription and Residence of Persons being respectively not resident in Great Britain, or Infants, Idiots, Lunaticks, or married Women, or other Per- fons as aforesaid. Name or Names of Trustees, &c. joined with me in such Trust, #c.

Witness my Hand this Day of

N° 3.

DECLARATIONS be made by Persons who have two or more Dwelling Houses, to be delivered to the

Assessors.

T do declare,. That I am desirous of being charged to the Rates and Duties granted

x by an Act of the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in the of in the

of

If the Party means to be charged In different Parishes for different Parts of the Income, the Statements of the whole Income

must be filled up and delivered in each of those Parishes; and in such Cafe the above muff specify the several Parishes, and the re-

spective Proportions to be paid in each, by adding the fame in the following Manner:

“ Parish of in the of in respect of one - Part of my Income: And in the Parish of In the

of in respect of one other Part of my Income.”

N° 4.

DECLARATION of the Name and Place of Residence of any Person or Persons to whom any Allow*

ances are made, which the Party is entitled todeduft.

Name or Names of Persons above described. Place of Residence. Sum allowed.

N’S;

I

