2? 6

• [Carttirrued to

'\ft Feb. jBoi.

tcft. C.Zi.J

No Spirits to be

distilled from

Corn or Grain,

&c in Scotland

ior a certain

period.

Persons autho-

rized by a Juf-

tice may, with

an Officer of

Excise, enter

Stillhouses, Sec.

toinfpe&Ma-

terials and

Vtenfils, and if

the Officer fuf-

pe& Corn, Sec•

to be mixed in

Wort, he may'

take a Sample.

Penalty of zool.

/Or obstrufling

Jufpcdion, or

not allowing

a Sample to be

taken*

Com, Sec.

found, maybe

ftized with the

'Vessels.

After OO. 10,

1799, Distiliei*

having more

thin five Quar-

ter* of Wheat,

Ac. (except m

St.llhouse?,) to

forfeit the fame,

and jol. per

Quarter*

On Oath of

Ground of Suf-

picion that

more than five

Quarter* of

C 7. Anno 39® & 40® Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

CAP. vii.

An Act to prohibit, until the first Day of March one thousand eight hundred*, the.

making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Sort of Grain,

or from any Meal, Flour, or any Bran, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[12th October 1799.]

4 XWHEREAS it is expedient that the Distillation of Low Wines or Spirits, and the making or pre-

4 VV paring of Wort from Wheat, Barley, Malt, and all other Sorts of .Grain, and from Meal, Flour,

4 or Bmn, should be prohibited in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for a limited Time:’ Be it

therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authoiiry of the

fame. That, from and after the twentieth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, un-

til and upon the first Day of March one thousand eight hundred, in that Part of Great Britain called Scot-

land, no Low Wines or Spirits shall be brewed, made, prepared, extracted, or distilled, from any Wheat,

Barley, Malt, or Tilts, or any other Sort of Corn or Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran, or any

Mixture with the fame.

<c Penalty of 500 /. with the Corn, bfc. for fodistilling or attempting so to do. § 2. Penalty not to extend to

44 distilling from Wash openly brewed on or before Oft. 15, 1799. $ 3. Wheat, &c. found in any Still-

44 house, &c, after Oft. 20, 1799, forfeited, and also 200/. [as under 35 Geo. 3. c. 119. § 2. 3. 4*] $4.”

V. And be it further ena<Sed, That during the Time herein-before limited, it shall be lawful for any

Person or Persons, who shall be authorised for that Purpose by one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace,

at any Time or Times with any Officer of Excise, to enter into any Workhouse, Stillhouse, Storehouse,

Warehouse, or any other Place whatsoever, wherein any Low Wines or Spirits,.or Wort or Wash shall be,

or are suspected to be preparing, or to be brewed, made, or extracted, distilled or prepared, or wherein (

Low Wines or Wort or Wash shall have been made, brewed, extracted, distilled, or prepared, after the said

twentieth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and shall have free Admittance into

the fame, and may inspect all the Materials, Vessels, and Utensils therein contained (giving thereby as little

Interruption as may be to the Business which shall be carrying on) ; and in case any such Officer of Excise \

shall have Reason to suspe& that any Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Corn or Grain, or any Meal, Flour, j

or Bran, is mixed'in any Wort or Wash, or in any other Material or Preparation for brewing, making, j

extradfi'ng, or distilling Low Wines, or Spirits, it shall be lawful for such Officer, at any Time or Times i

during the said Term, upon Payment of two Shillings and Sixpence, to take a Sample not exceeding two*

Quarts of such Wort or Wash, Material or Preparation, which shall be found in any such House or other

Place aforesaid j and in case any Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, or the

Owner or Occupier ofany such House or Place, or any Workman or Servant to any such Distiller or Dif-

tillers. Maker or Makers, or Owner or Occupier belonging, shall refuse to admit such Person or Persons a* j

shall be so authorized, or any Officer or Officers of Excise, into any such House or Place, or shall obstruct i

or hinder any such Officer or Person or Persons, in making such Inspection as aforesaid, or shall not allow

any such Officer to take such Sample after the said Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid or ten-

dered for the fame, every such Distiller or Maker, Owner or Occupier, shall, for every such Offence re- J

spectively, forfeit and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds ; and it shall be lawful for any such Officer of 1

Excise, or other Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, having a Warrant for that Purpose from any j

such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, to seize, take, and carry away all such Wheat, Barley, Malt, or

other Corn or Grain, and all such Meal, Flour, and Bran, as shall be found in any such House or other j

Place, together with all the Vessels, Sacks, Bags, and other Things, in which the said Commodities shall be

contained.

VI. And be it further enacted. That if any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits for Sale or

Exportation shall, after the twentieth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, in that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be possessed of, or have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, or in

the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons in Trust or for the Use or Benefit of such Distiller or

Makerof Low Wines or Spirits, more than five Quarters of Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Wheat Flour, at

any one Time in any one or more Place or Places, (not being a Place or Places for preparing, brewing,

making, extracting, distilling, or keeping Wort or Wash, Low Wines, or Spirits,) every such Distiller

or Distillers, Maker or Makers of Low Wines and Spirits, shall, for every such Offence respectively,

forfeit all such Wheat, Wheat Meal, and Flour, exceeding the said Quantity of five Quarters, and also the

Sum of ten Pounds for every Quarter so forfeited.

44 Penalty not to extend to Distillers being Growers of Wheat. § 7. Nor to Persons being Millers before

44 20th Oft. 1799. [as under 35 Geo. 3. c. x 19. § 6.] $ 8.”

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Officer or Officers of the Excise, or any other Period

or Persons, shall at any Time or Times have Cause to suspect that any Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Wheat

Flour, exceeding the Quantity of five Quarters, shall be laid or kept in any such Storehouse, Warehouse,

Granary, or other Place or Places as aforesaid, belonging to any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or

4 Spirits

