io C. 3. Anno tricesimo nono Georg it III. A. D. 1798.

ami to he re-

placed out of

the first Sup-

plies.

Deficiency of

J.and Tax

37 Geo. 3. how

to be supplied.

Recovery and

Application of

Pena ties where

<sued for in fix

Months.

If not sued for

in that Time,

to be recovered

in the Name of

the Attorney

General* &c.

Limitation of

Actions.

General Ifiut,

charged* with the Interest due for the fame, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon the Con-

folidated Fund (except such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use

or Uses by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) ; and such Monies of the said Consolidated

Fund shall and may be ifl’ued for supplying Money to the said Paymaster, for discharging the said unsatisfied

Orders of Loan or Exchequer Bills in Course, as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the

High Treasurer for the Time being, shall direct, until all the Principal and Interest which shall be or remain

due upon the said Ciders of Loan or Exchequer Bills, or any of them, shall be fully cleared and paid off,

or Money sufficient shall be reserved for that Purpose : And if at any Time or Times, before or after any

Money of the said Rates, Duties, or Assessments hereby granted, shall be brought into the* Exchequer as

aforesaid, there shall happen to be a Want of Money for paying Interest which shall be actually incurred and

grown due upon the said Orders of Loan or Exchequer Bills, or any of them, or for Payment of any Pre-

mium or Rate which shall be incurred or grown due by any Contract or Contracts to be made by virtue of

this Act for exchanging the fame Bills, that then and in every such Cafe, the Money so wanted shall and

may be supplied out of the said Rates, Duties, and Assessments hereby granted, remaining in the said Receipt

of the Exchequer as aforesaid, if there shall be sufficient of those Monies in the said Receipt, otherwise the fame

shall and may be supplied out of the Monies of the said Consolidated Fund, (except as before excepted,) and

be issued accordingly.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted. That whatever Monies shall be issued out of the said

Consolidated Fund shall, from Time to Time, be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after

granted in Parliament ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. 4 And whereas several Orders of Loan or Exchequer-Bills made upon and in pursuance of art

‘ Act of Parliament of the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act fot

4 granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one

4 thousand JeV'en hundred and ninety -/even,) still remain unpaid, for Want of sufficient Money arising

4 by the said Act being come into the Exchequer to answer and pay the fame, and it is uncertain how

* much thereof the Monies arising by the said Act will be able to answer and discharge be it enacted, That

if the Money arisen or to arise into the Exchequer, for or on Account of the said Aids, on or before the

twenty-ninth Day of September, which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-nine, shall not be sufficient to discharge the whole Principal and Interest due, or to grow

due, on the several Orders of Loan or Exchequer Bills made upon or in pursuance of the said Act, that then

so much Money as shall then appear to be deficient or wanting for anlvvering the Purposes afore-

said, shall and may be supplied and made good out of any of the Monies arising into the Exchequer by or

from the Loans or Exchequer Bills on this Act, or any other Monies or Loans that are or shall be

appropriated for the Service of the Year one thousand ffven hundred and ninety-nine, and the’Com-

missioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being,

shall direct and apply the fame accordingly; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary not-

withstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures hereby imposed shall, if sued for

within six Calendar Months from the Time of such Penalties or Forfeitures being incurred, be to his Majesty,

his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Person*

who shall inform or fuc for the fame within the Time aforesaid, arid which shall and may be sued for in his

Majesty*$ Court of Exchequer at Weshninster for‘Offences committed ill England, or in his Majesty’s

Court of Exchequer in Scotland for Offences committed in Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or

Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection* Privilege, Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance

shall be allowed ; but nevertheless it shall be lawful for his Majesty’s Attorney General in England, or his

Majesty’s Advocate in Scotland, in case it shall appear to his oatisfadion that any such last-mentioned,

Penalty or Forfeiture was incurred without Intention or Fraud, to flay all further Proceedings, by entering

a Noli profeqni, or otherwise, with respect as well to the Share of such Penalty or Forfeiture claimed by such

Informer or Informers, as to the Share thereof belonging to his Majesty.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in default or Prosecution within the Time herein-

before limited, no such last-mentioned Penalty or Forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable, except in the

Name of his Majesty’s Attorney General in England, and of his Majesty’s Advocate in Scotland, by Inform-

ation in the Court of Exchequer in England or Scotland respectively, in which Cafe the Whole of such

Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors ; and that all Penalties and For-

feitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs

or Successors, shall be paid into the Hands of such Person or Persons as the Commissioners for the Affairs of

Taxes shall appoint to receive the same, to the Use of his Majesty ; and that in all Cafes where the Whole

of such pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures shall be recovered to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Suc-

ceflors, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause such Reward as they shall think fit, not

exceeding one Moiety of such Penalty or Forfeiture so recovered, after deduding all Charges and Expences

incurred in recovering the fame, to be paid thereout to or amongst any Person or Persons who shall appear

to them entitled thereto as Informers in respect of such Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered* any Thing,

herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

, XLIl. And be it further enacted. That if any Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person or Per-

fons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within fix

Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards; and (halt be laid in the County or

Piace where the Caufo of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhqre ; and the Defendant or Defendants in

every such Action or Suit may plead the General Blue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evi-

dence

