A. D. 1800. Anno 390 & 40® Georgii III. C. 87. 425

any Ways concerned in framing or causing to be. framed, any Rill of Parcels containing any ulfc Statement picion of being

in regard to the Name or Abode of any alleged Vendor, the Quantity or Quality of such Goods or Valu- rft^”l^rbein*'

ables, the Place from whence, or Conveyance by which the fame were furnished, the Price agreed upon or Evidence

^charged for the fame, or any other Particular or Particulars, knowing such Statement to be false, shall be fame, &e. any

adjudged guilty of av Misdemeanor, and shall suffer as hefein-after mentioned ; and may moreover, at the false BiHofPac-

Discretion of the said Justices, or such other Justices in whose Jurisdiction such Offences shall be committed,

be published and advertised as a Fabricator of false Bills of Parcels, or as a convicted or reputed Receiver of

•Goods stolen, or other wise unlawfully obtained, as the Cafe may be. - meanor, ar<r

may be advertised.

XVIII. € And whereas in and by an A£1 passed in the second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, inti-

c tuled, An Act to prevent the committing of Thefts and Frauds by P erf ns navigating Bum Boats nnd other

4 Boats upon the River Thames, it is amongst other Things provided, that a Person in whose Possession

Goods suspedled of having been dolen or otherwise unlawfully come by, are found, shall be adjudged

c guilty of a Misdemeanor, if he do not cither give an Account, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or

*4 Justices as are therein mentioned, how he came by the fame, or olfe produce the Party pr Parties from

'* whom he bought or received the fame ; under which Provision no Receiver of stolen Goods, who {hall

4 produce aPeifon of whom he received the fame, can be adjudged guilty, although he {hall not give such

4 Account to the Satisfaction of such Justiceor Justices as aforesaid ;* be it further enacted, That in every

Cafe where the Production of the Party from whom any Goods or Things have been bought or received,

# would at present be sufficient to exempt any Person from being adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor under the

Ad, by reason of any such Goods orThings being found in any Way in his or her Possession, such

Production shall not be deemed fqfficient to exempt such Person from being adjudged guilty as aforesaid, un-

less the Account so given of the Manner of his or her coming by such Goods or Things shall, upon a full

^Jnveftigation, be satisfactory to such Justice or Justices ; and if any Person on being so produced shall de-

clare himself or herself to have bought, received, or otherwise obtained such Goods of some other Person,

such Justice or Justices are hereby authorized and required to examine every such other Person, and also

‘every other prior Purchaser or pretended Purchaser ; and if upon the Whole of the Evidence it shall appear

to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, that the Party so informed against or suspected did, at the

.Time of his or her receiving such Goods orThings into his or her Possession, believe, or had reasonable

Cause to believe, that the fame were at any Time and by any Person unlawfully come by or obtained, it shall

and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices to adjudge such Party to be guilty of a Misdemeanor,

and such Party so convicted shall thereupon suffer as herein-after mentioned.

a Geo. 3. c.48.

[§ 6, 7.] rc«

cited.

Where thrPro-

duction of the

Party from

whom* any

Goods have

been bought

would, under

the l ift recced

Act, exemptf

any Person from

being adjudged

guilty of a M»f-

demeanor, such

Prod u ft ion

shall not be

deemed suffi-

cient unless the

Account given

be satisfactory to the Justice, who otherwise may examine all Purchaser*, and adjudge the Party guilty of a Mildcmeanor.

XIX. And be it further ena£led. That in case of every Offence herein-before declared to be a Mifde- Misdemeanor

ineanor, or for which no special pecuniary Penalty is herein-before appointed, the Offender shall forfeit and

*pay, at the Difcretiqn of the said Justices to be appointed as aforesaid, or of such other Justice or Justices £y a*Penalty not

before whom any Conviction shall from Time to Time take place, within their respective Jurisdictions, any exceeding 51.

Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings, or shall suffer Imprisonment for any Time nor less than

not exceeding eight Weeks, nor less than two Weeks * or shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding forty ao* m b> Im“

Shillings, nor Ids than ten Shillings, and shall besides suffer Imprisonment for any Time not exceeding four Mewling eight

-Weeks, nor less than one Week ; and if the Payment of such Penalty shall not. immediately upon Con- weeks, nor left

vision be made or secured to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, it shall and may be lawful to and * than two—

for such Justice or Justices forthwith, or at any other Time or Times within one Calendar Month after such or xdly, by a

‘Conviction, to commit the Offender to any Place of Imprisonment within his or their Jurisdiction, Pcl,alfy from

for any Time not exceeding eight Weeks in the Whole, determinable upon the making or securing such coupled wi?rh v

Payment as aforesaid ; and one iMoiety of Money recovered on Account of every such Forfeiture or Pe- imprisonment

malty shall be paid to such Receiver as aforesaid, for the Purposes of this Act, and the other Moiety thereof, from four

•under the Oire&ion of the Justice or Justices by whom the fame {hall have been levied, shall either be paid Weeks to one.

and applied to the Use of the Informer alone, or be distributed between or amongst all such PersonS as {hall Jf Penalty be

have contributed to the Conviction of the Offender, in such Shares and Proportions as such Justice or Juf*

tices in their Diferetion shall think fit : Provided always, That no Informer or other Person shall be deemed f^ernny be

incompetent to give Evidence touching any such Offence as aforesaid, by reason of any Chance or Expedta- ctmmituJ.

tion of any such Moiety, Share, or Proportion as aforesaid. Application of

Penalties.

No Person to be deemrd ir.eemperent Evidence on account of Chance of Share of Penalty*

XX. And be it further enacted, That in every Cafe in which Complaint shall be made, or Information

^iven of any Offence, by this Act declared to be a Misdemeanor, or for which any pecuniary Penalty or

Jboifeiture is herein-before appointed, with or without Imprisonment in Addition thereto or in lieu thereof,

the Matter of such Complaint or Information, if the Offence shall have been committed, or the Offender

Apprehended within the Limits aforesaid, shall or may be heard and determined either by the said Justices to

be appointed as afoiefiiid, or either of them, or by any other Justice or Justices ailing <n and for the County

or other Place of separate Jurisdidlion within which the Offence (halt have been committed, or the Of-

fender apprehended ; and if any such Offence shall have been committed, or the Offender apprehended,

within the Jurisdiction of the City of London, then the Matter of such Complaint or Information shall and

may be heard and determined by the Lord Mayor, Recorder, or one of the Aldermen of the said City, ami

not elsewhere ; and every Conviction thereupon bad {hall be certified, filed, and entered in such Manner as

‘ 39 &40 Geo, III* 3 I - is

Complaint* •

of Offences

ckc’.ir.d

Misdemeanor*

or for which

pecuniary Pc-

lialtics are ap-

pointed, shall

be luard ard

determined,

either by tiic

Special Justices

at their Uilice,

or by any Juf*

