A.D. 1800.

Anno 390 & 40° Georgii III.

C. 79.

397

in

Court.

IX. Provided always, and be it hereby , further enacted, That when either of the Judges of the Supreme

Court of Judicature at Fort William* or of the Supreme Court of Judicature which his Majesty is hereby

empowered to ered at Madras* or the Recorder of Bombay, shall respectively leave India, the Salary now

payable, or which may become payable under and by virtue of this Act, to any such Judge or Recorder

respectively, shall cease and be no longer paid ; any Thing herein or in any former Act or Acts Contained

to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Office of Recorder of Bombay shall become vacant,

and no Person shall be upon the Spot who shall have been appointed by his Majesty to (iicceed to such Re-

cordership, *in such Cafe, and as soon as the fame shall be made known to the Supreme Court of Judicature

which his Majesty is hereby empowered to ered at Madras* the junior Puisne Judge of the said Court

shall, and he is hereby directed and authorized to proceed with all convenient Speed to the said Settlement

of Bombay, and shall take upon himself the Office of Recorder of the said Settlement, and shall hold and

exercise the fame in as full and ample a Manner, and with the like Alfowances and Exemptions, as if he

had been appointed Recorder of the said Settlement by his Majesty, or provisionally by virtue of the Ad

passed in the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, and shall continue to hold and exercise

the said Office until a Recorder shall have been appointed by his Majesty, and until such Recorder shall ar-

rive at the said Settlement and no longer: Provided always. That if at the Time of the Notification of

such Vacancy, the Establittiment of the said Supreme Court at Madras shall not be full, and the Establish-

ment of the Supreme Court at Fort William shall be full, then and in such Cafe only, the junior Puisne

Judge of the said Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William, as soon as the Vacancy in the said Office

of Recorder is made known to the said Supreme Court, shall in like Manner proceed to take upon himself

the said Office of Recorder at Bombay, and shall continue to hold arid exercise the fame in like Manner, to

all Intents and Purposes, as is herein-before provided ; any Thing in the said Act, or in any other Act or

Acts, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governor and Council at

Fort Saint George aforesaid, to frame Regulations from Time to Time for the Provincial Courts and Coun-

cils within the Territories and Provinces which now are, or shall at any Time hereafter be (and while the

fame shall so be) annexed to or made subject to the said Presidency, in like Manner, and subject to all the

Regulations, Provisions, and Confirmations touching the lame, as the Governor General and Council at

Fort William aforesaid are, by any Act now in force, authorized and empowered to do, for the better Ad-

roinistration of Justice among the native Inhabitants and others being within the Provinces of Bengal* Bahar,

and Orijfa. t

XII. And be it further enacted, That if the Governor General of Fort William in Bengal for the Time

being, or the Governor of the said Presidency of Fort Saint George, and of the said Presidency and Island

of Bombay respectively for the l ime being, shall happen to be absent from any Council to be assembled for

the said respective Presidencies of Fort William and Fort Saint George, and the said Presidency and Ifl ind

of Bombay* owing to Indifposition or any other Cause whatsoever, and shall signify such his intended Ab-

fence to such Council so to be assembled, then and in every such Cafe the senior Member for the Time

being who shall be present at the Council so assembled, shall preside at such Council, in such Manner, and

with such full Towers and Authorities, during the Time that such Council shall continue to be assembled,

as such Governor General or Governor might or would have had in case such Governor General or Go-

vernor were himself actually present at such Council: Provided nevertheless, That no Ad of any Council

so held shall be valid to any Effect whatsoever, unless the fame shall be signed by such Governor General

or Governor respectively, if such Governor General or Governor shall at the Time be resident at the Pre-

fidency at which such Council (ha.l be so assembled, and shall not be prevented by such Indifposition from

signing the lame : Provided always, That in case such Governor General or Governor, not being so pre-

vented as aforesaid, (bail decline or refule to sign such Ad of Council, he and the several Members of the

Council who shall have signed the fame, shall mutually exchange with and communicate in Wining to

each other the Grounds and Reasons 1 f their respective Opinions, in like Manner, and subject to such Re-

gulations and ultimate ResponliDility of Inch Governor General or Governor respectively, as are by the Cud

Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, provided and directed in Cafes

where such Governor General 01 Governor respectively shall, when present, diflint from any Measure pro-*

posed or agitated in such Council respectively : Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall be taken

of con ft rued to prevent such Governor General, in case he shall be absent from his own Government of

Bengal* to nominate a Vice,President and Deputy Governor of Fort William, according to the Provision

for thatPurpose in the said Act passed in the thirty-third Year of his present Majesty*.

who shall have signed, shall mutually communicate the Grounds 0/ their Opinions *s directed by 3 3 Geo. 3. c.52. [$

XIII. And be it further enacted. That where any Person or Persons shall have been convicted at any rer;or.?con-

Sessionof Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, or any Sdlign of the Peace winch shall have been holders ci

If t!»c Governor'

G n. ral of Fort

William, or the

Governor of

Fort Saint

George, or of

Bombay, shall

signify nis in-

tends; I Abftnce

fiom the Conn-'

ciJ, the Amo-

Member present.

dial! prrfidc ;

hut no Act of .

such Council

(h .11 be valid,

unless signed by

tlu. Governor • j

General, ur Go^.

vernor respec- ,

rively, if rcli-

du.cac the Pre-

f.dency, and* not'

pitNCnted* by J

indifposition;

and it not so ’

prevented, and'

l:f shall ;fUi>

to fj/n, lie, and

the Men,her*

47-J * S3 J

Per for.?

