Anno tricesimo nono Georgu III,

20 C. 6.

A. D. 1793.

any ByeLaws,

dec. against

Alienations.

Laws, Ordinances, or Regulations, retraining the Alienations of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tene-

ments, or Hereditaments, to fell, or mortgage, or grant any Rent Charge out of such Manors, Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purpose of redeeming the Land Tax thereon, or on any

other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, belonging to such Bodies Politick or Cor-

porate, or Companies and Trustees as aforesaid, in the Manner authorized by the said Act and this Act, not-

withstanding any such private Statutes, Bye Laws, Ordinances, or Regulations to the contrary.

Lands may be

fold for Re-

demption of

Land Tax,

either by pri-

vate Sale or by

Auction j the

Conuniftioners

being in the

former Cafe fa-

tisfied that the

Price is adequate,

XXXV, And be it further enacted, That in Cafes where any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

or Hereditaments, may be fold in pursuance of the said Act or of this Act, for the Purpose of redeeming any

Land Tax, it shall be lawful to sell the same either by private Contract or by publick Audtion, provided, that

in case of Sale by private Contract, the said Commissioners for executing the said Act shall be satisfied that

the Price agreed to be given for the fame is not less than the actual Value thereof, according to any Estimate

made or directed to be made by them, and verified upon Oath, which any one of the Commissioners is

hereby empowered to administer; provided also, that when they shall judge it necessary to direct any such

Sale to be by publick Audlion in pursuance of the said Act, it shall not be necessary to require any such Efti-

mate as by the said Act is required in Cafes of Sale,

according to an Estimate on Oath. [&e c, 11. § 1.]

Sufficient may

be raised by Sale

of Lands to pay

the Ex pent es

of the Sale, as

well as of the

Amount of the

Redemption

Money.

Lands exempt*

cd from the

Land Tax may

be sold for Re-

demption of the

Land TaX on

Lands settled to

the same Uses.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Here-

ditaments, shall be proposed to be sold or charged in pursuance of the said Act and of this Act, it shall be law-

ful to raise so much Money by such Sale or Charge as shall be suficient not only for the Pu(pose of redeeming

any Land Tax for which such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be fold, but

also for the Purpose of paying and satisfying al such Costs and Expences as the Person or Persons, Bodies,

Corporations, or Companies, making any such Sale or Charge, shall incur on Account thereof; and it shall

be lawful for the said Commissioners for executing the said Act and this Act, and also for any Courts, where

the Authority of such Courts is made requisite to such Sale or Charge, to order and direct that such Costs and

Expences shall be paid and satisfied out of the Purchase Money for the said Manois, Messuages, Lands, Te-

nements, or Hereditaments, before the fame shall be paid by the respective Purchasers into the Bank of Eng-

land, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, or that so much thereof as they shall deem sufficient shall be~

reserved for that Purpose; and the said Order or Direction of the said Commissioners, or of such Courts re-

spedlively, shall be a suficient Discharge to such Purchasers for so much of the Purchase Money as shall be

applied in the Payment of such Costs and Expences, or as shall be raised for that Purpose.

aXXVII. And be it further enacted. That where any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Here-

ditaments shall be exempt from or not actually charged with the Payment of any Land Tax by virtue of

the said last recited Act, it shall be lawful to fell or charge the fame for the Purpose of redeeming the Land

Tax charged upon any other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, settled or limited

to the fame Ufcs and Purposes for which such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so

exempt or not actually charged as aforesaid, shall be settled or limited as eff’edlually as if the fame

Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements* and Hereditaments were, and every Part thereof was, charged

with such Land Tax.

When any be-

neficial Lease-

fcokJers or Co*

pyholders shall

not have con-

tracted for Re-

demption of

their Land Tax

previous to Dec.

35, 1798, the

Lam'ior $, Ac-

may A. 1; sub-

jedi to the Intc-

rest cl such

Lease. tolders,

Ac. for Re-

dem, i.on of the

Land Tax on

that or ot' cr

Iftate* Im.ted

to the fjn.e

Uses. [See

C. 21 § 1. and c.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted. That when any Person or Persons,* Bodies Politick or Corporate,

holding any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, under any beneficial Lease or

Leases, or by any Copy or Copies of Court Roll, or by any other Grant, according to the Custom of any

Manor, (or Life or Lives, or Years absolute, or Years determinable upon any Life or Lives, granted by any

Person or Persons, Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or by any

Guild, Mystery, Fraternity, or Brotherhood, whether Corporate or not Corporate, or by any Trusteeor

Trustees for Charities or other public Purposes, shall not have contracted for the Redemption of the Land

Tax charged thereon before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight,

then and ioany of the said Cafes it shall be lawful for all such last-mentioned Person or Persons, Bodies Po-

litick or Corporate, Companies and Trustees, in the Manner and Form, and under the Reffridlions and Re-

gulations in the said Act, and this Act, directed and contained in Cafes of Sales thereby and hereby respectively

authorized, to fell and dispole of the Fee Simple and inheritance of any of such Manors, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, and also the Rents and other Profits received or payable upon or in respe&of

such Leasehold or Copyhold Tenements or Hereditaments, subject to the subsisting Interests of such respective

Lessees, Copyholders, or other Customary Tenants, for the Purpose of railing Money for the Redemption of the

Land Tax charged thereon; and also on any other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

and whether in the fame or different Counties, the Reversion, Fee Simple, and Inheritance whereof shall be

settled and limited to the same Uses, and in the fame Order and Course of Limitation.

108.5.8.]

The r.»;a Ef- XXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That no Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or

urrs to be of- Hei ediumeius, holden under such Leases or by Copy of Court Roll as aforesaid, shall be fold or offered for

Monti /to^ftjch 10 any erf°n or Persons whomsoever, other than to the Person or Persons for the Time being benefi-

txrmficulLcafc c ally interfiled therein under the subsisting Lease or Leases, or Copy or Copies of Court Roll thereof, until

holders, &c. two Momns have eiapfed after an offer shall have been made to sell the same to the Person or Persons so be-

who (h til ai(b neficially interfiled, during which Period of two Months, such Person and Persons, by themselves or Agents,

afterwanu be shall be executively entitled to contract for the Purchase thereof, and shall afterwards be preferred in the Pur-

©tfiwPcrr^at^ c^a^c to any ol^er Person or Persons whomsoever, at the Price or Sum which any such other Person or Per-

the bmc Price, tons would give i and that any one Joint Tenant orTcnaiys in Common beneficially entitled as aforesaid,

may

