(Public Local-® Perform!,) 39 GEO. III.

\u An Act to enable the Lords of the Manor of Brixbam,

in the County of Devon, to repair and enlarge, or rebuild,

the Pier or Quay at Brixham §>uay, within the said Ma-

nor, to improve the Harbour there, to regulate the

Moorings of V eirels therein, and to establish a Marker

there. Page 218

_vii. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Arabic

Lands, Intermixed failures, Open Fields, Half Year

Lands, Commons, and YVafte Grounds, within the Pa-

rish of Upton, in the County of Norfolk, and such Part*

of the Open Fields, called Upton Field and Fijhley Crofts-

as lie in the Parish of Fijhley, in the said County, and for

draining the fame. loia.

viii. An Act for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in

the twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for making ard keeping in Repair a Road

etr Pajj'age for Horfis, on the Banks of the Rvuer Severn,

between Bewdley Bridge and a Place called The Meadow

Wharf, at Coalbrook Dale, for baling and drawing Vessels

along the said River; and for other Purposes therein men

tioned. Ibid.

ix. An Act for continuing for twenty-on£ Years, and from

thence to the End of t!% then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, apd altering and enlarging the Powers, of two

several Acts, the one made and passed in the twenty-fifth

Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the

Second, and the other in the eleventh Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from

Knai'ejbrough, in the County of York, by Long Flatt Lane,

Gouldsbrough Fields, Flaxby, Allerton Mauleverer, and

Scate Moor, to Greenhammerton, in the same County, and

formaking the fame a High Carriage Road. Ibid.

at. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Terms and altering and enlarging the Powers, of

three several Acts, passed in the fourteenth and twenty-

sixth Years of the Ketgn of His late Majesty King George

the Second, and in the twenty-third Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from

Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of

Tadcaster Cross, and also from Ferrybridge to Wether by,

and from thence to Boroughbridge, in the County of York,

io far as the fame relate to the Road between Ferry-

bridge and Wet her by, and from thence to Boroughbridge.

219

Xu An Act to continue for the Term of twenty-one

Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sef-

fion of Parliament, and for enlarging the Powers of an

Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, for lepairing and widening the Road

from Evejham Bridge, in the Borough of Evejham, in the

County of Worcester, to The Globe Inn in Alajler, in the

County of Warwick. Ibid.

xii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two

Acts, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of His

late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing

and widening certain Roads leading to and from the

Towns of Nottingham and Derby, Io far as relates to the

Road leading from Chappel Bar, near the Weft End of

the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge in the

Town of Derby, and fron\ the Guide Post in the Parish

of Lent on to Sawley Ferry. Ibid.

aiii. An Act to continue, for the Term of twenty-one

Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sef-

fion of Parliament, the Term, and for altering and en-

39 Geo. III.

larging the Powers, of an Act, made in the nineteenth

Year of the Reign cf His present Majesty, for repairing

the Road leading from Kilburn Bridge, in the County of

Middhfex, to Sparrow's Herne, in the County of Hert-

ford. Page zi()t

xiv. An Act for continuing for tweilty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and increasing, altering, and enlarging the

Powers, cf two several Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth

Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the

Second, and in the fourth Year of the Reign of His pre-

sent Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from

the Weft End of the Town of Burton upon Trent, in

the County of Stafford, through the said Town, to the

South End of the Town of Derby in the County of

Derby. Ibid.

xv. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two

Acts, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His

late Majesty King George the Second, and the eighteenth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending;

widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading

from the Market House in the Town of Much Wenlock

and from Gleeton Hill to Crejfage, in the County of

Salop. b Ibid.

xvi. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the, Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an

Act, passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road

from The Birches Brook to Buildwas Bridge, and from

thence to join the Watling Street Turnpike Road at Tern

Bridge in the County of Salop, so far as relates to the last

mentioned Road. Ibid.

xvii. An Act to continue, for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and to amend the Powers, of an Act, passed

in the twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

for repairing and widening the Roads from Gosport,

through Fareham and Wickham, to Bishop's Waltham,

and from Wickham aforesaid to Chawton Pond, in the

Parish of Chawton, all in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

xviii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term and Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirtieth

Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the

Second, and the eighteenth Year of the Reign of Hi*

present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping

in Repair, the Roads from the East End of the Town of

Hertford, in the County of Hertford, through Watton to

Broadwater, and from the Town of Ware, through Watton*

to the North End of the Town of Walkern, in the said

' County. Ibid.

xix. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and alterineand enlarging the Powers, of several

Acts, passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of King

George the First, the sixth and twenty-sixth Years of His

late Majesty, and in the twelfth Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Parish

of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of

Hertford, and from the End of the Town of Hertford to

Amwell End, near Ware, in the County of Hertford, and

other Roads in the said Acts mentioned. 220

xx. An Act for continuing for twenty-One Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two

b Acts,

