V.

562 C. 15. Anrto quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A. D. 1800.

Township, or Place, shall and they are hereby required to attend the Justices of the Peace it such Meet-

ing or Meetings respectively, and then and there deliver to the said Justices, in Writing signed by them-

selves, a just and tt-ue Answer and Return to the said Questions, upon Oath, (or being of the People called

thinkers) on Affirmation,) as herein-after directed, ana the said High Constables, or other proper Officers

so described as aforef/iid, shall, and they are hereby required to attend the said respeflive Meetings for the

Purposes herein after directed.

V. And be it further euacled, That the said Justices of the Peace shall and they are hereby required to

receive and take, at such Meetings so to be appointed by them as aforesaid, the Answers and Returns to be

made pursuant to the Directions aforesaid, and then and there to administer to the said Overseers or sub-

ftantial Householders respectively, tfce Oath or Affirmation contained in the said Schedule; and (if they fee

Cause) to examine such Overseers and Householders upon Oath or Affirmation, touching any or the Mat-

ters contained in such Questions and Answers, and, if necessary, to adjourn the said Meetings to any Time

or Times, not later than the said thirtieth Day of April, and to any Place or Places, in order that the

said Returns may be rendered more complete or satisfactory: and shall then deliver such Answers and

Returns to the respeflive High Constables, or other proper Officers as aforesaid, who shall thereupon in-

dorfe on each of such Returns the Name of the County, and also of the Ridings.Division, Rape, Wapen-

take, Lathe, Precinct, Soke, Franchise, Liberty, City, Borough, Town, or County Corporate, wherein

the Parish, Township, or Place therein mentioned is situate, and shall deliver or transmit such Returns

together with a true and perfect Lift of the Names of the Overseers of every Parish, Township,

and Place, and of the Householders aforesaid, to whom such Schedule shall have been delivered as afore-

said, to the several Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks for the Jurisdiction in which the said Justices

are authorised to act, at their respe&ire Offices, ort or before the eighth Day of May one thousand eight

hundred and one.

who shall indoi fe the Returns [&r Schedule, No. 4*] and transmit them to the Clerks of the Peace, &c. by 8th May 1801* '

•dule No. 1.

and cause No-

tice thereof

Schedule,

No. 2.] to be

given to them

and the High

Constables j

and the Overseers, Ac. shall then deliver Returns upon Oath,

justices shall

receive the An-

fwers and Re-

turns, and ad-

min ifter the

Oath $ and if

requisite exa-

mine the Over-

seers, Ac. upon

Oath f&e Sche-

dule, No. 3.] ;

and may ad-

journ their

Meetings hot

lattr than the

30th of April

1801; and

shall then de-

liver tke Anf-.

wers and Re-

'tvms to the

High Constables;

Ministers in

England shall 1

transmit an

Answerto

Questione 4 Sc

5, in Schedule,

No. x. before

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Restor, Vicar, Curate, or other Officiating Minister of

every Parish, Town(bip, or Place, (Extra-parochial or otherwise,) in England, including Free Chapels

Donatives, and Peculiars, to whom such Schedule shall have been delivered as aforesaid, shall forthwith

prepare an Answer or Return to the fourth and fifth Questions in the said Schedule set forth, and shall, on or

before the thirtieth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and one, duly transmit to the Bishop, within

the Limits of whose Dioqefethe said Parish, TownQiip, or Place, is situate, which said Bi(hop< shall, on

^Pthe3B*sho 0,> or before e*ghth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and one, transmit the fame to the Archbishops

of the Diocese: respective Provinces, and thereupon the said Archbishops shall, on or before the fifteenth Day of

* “ • ' May one thousand eight hundred and one, cause the fame to be laid before his Majesty’s most Honourable

Privy Council, who shall cause an Abstra& thereof to be prepared and laid before both Houses of Parlia-

ment, within six Weeks after the said fifteenth Day of May, or if Parliament shall not then be fitting, within

Archbifttop3 fourteen Days of the Session next ensuing.

to be laid before the Privy Council before the 15th May ; and an Abstralt thereof shall be laid before Parliament.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ the Sheriff

Deputes and Stewart Deputes, in their respective Counties and Stewartries, shall appoint a Time and

Place, or Times and Places, (which shall be on or before the tenth Day of March one thousand eight hun-

dred and one, if Circumstances will permit, and not later than the thirtieth Day of April one thousand

eight hundred and one,) for the Justices of the Peace within their respetflive Counties or Stewartries to

hold a Meeting or Meetings within their ordinary Limits and Jurisdictions ; and that the said Sheriff De-

putes and Stewart Deputes, along with the Justices, any two or more being a Quorum, shall nominate and

appoint the Schoolmaster, or other fit Person or Persons in each Parish, to take an Account of the several

Matters required by this Act; and the Clerks of the Peace are required to deliver the said Schedule to the

Schoolmaster, Person or Persons, so appointed 3 and on the said tenth Day of March one thousand eight

hundred and one, or so soon thereafter as they conveniently can, the Schoolmaster, Person or Persons so

appointed, shall proceed to take Account of the Number of Persons at that Time witbjmthc Limits of their

respective ParHhes, and inform themselves of the several Particulars relating to all the Matters specified in

the said Schedule, by proceeding from House to House, or otherwise as they shall judge expedient, for the

better Execution of this Act, and from such Information as aforesaid shall prepare an Answer or Return

to all the said Questions according to the Form prescribed in the said Schedule, and shall figrf the fame

with their Names and ordinary Dcfignations; and the better to enable them to make such Answers or Re-

turns as aforesaid, they arc hereby authorized and empowered to alk all such Questions of the Persons

within their respective Parishes, respecting themselves and the Number and Quality of the Persons consti-

tuting their respective Families, as shall be necessary for Rating the Particulars required to be dated con-

cerning them in the said Answers and Returns; and every such Person refusing to answer, or wilfully giving

a false Answer to such Questions, or any of them, shall, for every such Rtfufal or false Answer, forfeit a

Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices

before whom the Complaint thereof shall be made*

their respeltive Limits, See.

The Sheriff VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Sheriff Deputes or Stewart Deputes for Scotland\ within

Deputes, *c- their respective Jurisdictions, shall appoint a Time and Place, or Times and Places, which shall not be

Who shall trans-

mit the fame,

before 8th May

itoi, to hia

In Scotland,

the Sheriff De-

putes, Ac.

shall appoint

-Meeting* of

the Justices,

by March 10,

1801, and not

later than April

30. Two

Justices, Ac.

(hal appoint

the School-

master, Ac.

to take Account

of the Matters

required by

(his Ad, to

whom the

Clerks of the

Peace shall de-

liver the Sche-

dules: and the

Schoolmaster,

Ac. shall then

take an Ac-

count of the

Number of

Persons within

See.

dull appoint a

8

fooper

Googh

