A.D. 1799, Art no tricesimo nono Georgii III.'. C 76, 77*

Matter* of Ship?; and Vessels the Sam of T wo-pence a Letter or Packet for all such Letters and Packets as

they shall respectively have on board; provided that such Letters and Packets shall have been regularly de-

livered unto the said Matters by the Deputy or Deputies of the Postmaster General, or any other Persons

to be authorized by him, at the Place or Pott. Town from whence such Ships or Vessels have failed or de-

parted.

HI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Postmaster General to

cause the Rates of Pottage hereby chargeable*and payable to be paid either prior to such Letters and Packets

being for warded* or on Delivei y thereof, as to him in his Discretion may seem meet.

to the Letters being forvvarde<

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise by the Rates and Duties aforesaid (except die

Monies which shall be necessary to defray fuchExpences as shall be incurred in the Calleftion and Manage-

ment of the fame) shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, and carried to and made a Part of the

Consolidated Fund, and applied to such and the feme Uses as the present Rates and Duties of Postage are

now, or shall be directed to be paid and applied.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be (ued, mo*

letted, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this AS, or of any

Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person and Persons shall and mayplead the General Uliie,

and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass

for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or

Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiff's.

CAP. LXXVir.

An Act for repealing the Duties on Salt made in Scotland\ and on Salt imported from

Scotland into England and Walts, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

[12th 1799.].

f Mott gracious Sovereign*

ir7HEREAS:it is expedient to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks now pay able for and inrespect of Salt

c VV which shall be made or raised in Scotland, and also for and in respect of Salt which shall be imported

‘ftom Scotland into Englandox Wales, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof*/ be it therefore enacted by>

the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the LordsSpiritual and Tempo-

ral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and

after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, all and singular the Duties and

Drawbacks now payable for or in respect of Salt which shall be made or raised in Scotland, or which shall

be imported from Scotland into England or Wales, (hallceafe and determine, and be no longer paid or pay-

able, save and except in all Cafes relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying of any Arrears thereof re-

(pe&ively, which may at that Time remain unpaid, or to any Fine* Penalty* or Forfeiture relating thereto

respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before or on sthe said first Day. of August one thou-

land seven hundred and ninety-nine.

II. And be.it further enacted, That, from and after xhe said first Day of Augnjl one thousand seven hun-

dred and ninety-nine, in lieu and instead of the said Duties by this Act repealed, there fhalEbe raised, levied,

collected, and paid; unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Sums of Money, and Duties of

Excise herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) For every Bushel of Salt that shall be made at any Salt

Work, or raised or taken out of any.Salt Mine or Salt Pit in Scotland, four Shillings; and so in Propor-

tion for any greater or less Quantity: For every Bushel of Salt which shall be imported from Scotland into*

England or Wales, accompanied with a Certificate from the proper Officer that it hath paid the Duty of four

Shillings hereby imposed for every Bushel of Salt made at any Salt Work, or raised or taken out

of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit in Scotland, fix Shillings; and so in Proportion for any greater or left

Quantity.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said (irft Day of'August Jor\t thousand seven hun-

dred and ninety-nine, the following Drawbacks and Allowances shall be made, allowed, and paid, out of

the Duties by this Act imposed, under, subject, and according,to all and singular the Rules, Regulations,

and Restrictions, contained in an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, and for

repealing the Duties on Stilt, and the Drawbacks* Allowances, and Bounties, paid thereout; and for granting

other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties thereon; (that is to say*) For every Bushel of Salt

which shall be mad£ in Scotland, (Rock Salt excepted,) for which all the Duties due and payable thereon

shall be!paid,ror feCurcd to be paid, and which shall be duly exported from thenci to Parts beyond the Seas,*

a Drawback or Allowance of four Shillings: For every bushel of Salt of the Manufacture of Scotland,

which shall be used, employed, spent, and consumed, in making oxiginated muriatick Acid in Scotland, for

the bleaching of Linen and Cotton, four Shillings; and so in Proportion for any greater or left Quantity:

Provided always. That the said last-mentioned Drawback or Allowance shall be in lieu and instead of all for-

mer Drawback or Allowance for or in respect of Salt to be used, employed, spent, or consumed, in making

oxiginated muriatick* Acid in Scotland,

IV. And

I4I

every Letter or

Packet they re-

ceive from or

deliver to the

Post Office.

Postmaster Ce-

ntral to cause

Postage. to be

paid either prior

I, or on Delivery.

Money arifung

by the Rates to*

be paid (after

deducting Ex*

pence?) into (be

Exchequer.

Persons fuod for

any Thing done

under this Adb

may plead the

General lftue,

lec.

From Aug: z,

1799, the Dutirs

and Drawbacks

now payable 00

Salt made in

Scotland, and

imported from

thence into

England, fha!l

cease, except

Arrears j

and instead

thereof there

/hall be paid the*

following Dai

tics, viz.

For Salt made or

raiftd'in Scot-

land, 4s. per

Bufticl j and if

imported into

England, 6s.

more.

The Drawbacks

following, irb-

jest to the Re-

gulations of

38 GEO. 3. c. S9*

to be paid, viz.

For Salt (except-

Rock Salt) ex-

ported;

and for Salt

used in making*

oxiginated mu*,

rutick Acid in

Scotland, 4$.

per Builiei,

