A.D. 1799. Anno triceftmo nono Georgii III.

. C, 22.

-79

King om,

makine it satis-

fadlorily appear

that they have

not Funds fut-

fiuent to pay

t luContrihution

of fuel) Princi-

pal, or that,from

Revocation of

XXIX. And be it farther enabled. That if any Agent to any other Person, being of full Age, and out of Agents to Per-

this Kingdom, shall not have sufficient Money in his Hands to pay the Sum which ought to be contributed on ^r^lcA2°

the Behalf of such other. Person, at thel'ime when Payment thereof ought to be made by virtue of the said out 0 1 ‘c -

first recited Act, and shall prove, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Act,

that he hath not, since the Delivery of the Statement, had suficient Money in his Hands for Payment thereof,

* or that, from Death, Revocation of Authority, or other Catife, such Payment ought to be delayed, or the

Assessment made upon such Statement ought to he* discharged or vacated, it shall be lawful for the said Com-

missionersin such Cafe, and on such Proof as aford'aid, todirefl such Payment to be suspended until suficient

Money shall come into the Hands of such Agent for Payment thereof, or such AfieiTment to be discharged or

vacated, as the Cafe may require, subject nevertheless to an Appeal by the Surveyor or Inspector, to the

Determination of the said Commissioners in the Manner directed by the said Act.

AuUionty, Sc:.

the Afllffinent ought to he vacated, may be relieved by the Commissioners, subject to Appeal by the Surveyor, under § 6401 c. 13.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said first recited Act as enacts, that no Discount or So much of §95

Allowance whatever shall be allowed or paid on any Sum or Sums of Money to be paid into the Bank of Vftfunt

England, in pursuance of the said AcT, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed. on Money paid into the 3"°^* rCp“

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person having received, from the Collector of any Parish Any Person, on

or Place, Notice in Writing, of the Amount of his or her Alleffment, or who shall have received, from the ^cuv,nS the

Commercial Commissioners appointed under the said fir (I recited Act, the Certificate of his or her Affefi- Asse°r,^nt and

ment, shall bedefirousof paying die Duty in Advance at the Bank of England, it shall be lawful for the producing the

Cafbier or Cashiers of the said Bank of England, on Production of the Notice or Certificate of such AfPefT- Norice or Certi-

ment at the Time of Payment of the said Duty in Advance, (the Sum so paid not in any Cafe to be less than ficate thereof,

the Sum which appears, by such Certificate, to be payable by three Instalments,) to make an Allowance at Advance

the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, out of the Sum or Sums so paid in Advance, calculated auhe Bankfand

. upon such Sum or Sums, for the Period or Periods by which each respective Sum shall be paid sooner than the on paying three

Period -prescribed by the said first recited Act, for Payment thereof; and in every such Cafe the said Instalments or

“Cashier or Cashiers shall give the Person paying the fame a Certificate of such Payment, and a Duplicate r^orc» ^)bc

thereof, specifying therein the Number of Instalments thereby discharged, and the Amount of the Allowance *0untoneach

for such prompt Payment, and referring thereby to the Notice or Certificate of Allefiment then produced, at the Rate of $1.

and the Description of the Person, Number, or Letter, therein mentioned ; and all such Allowances shall be percent.: Cer-

made by the said Cashier or Cashiers, out of the Duties to be paid in at the said Bank of England, at the tificatcs of such

.Time of paying the fame. \ rtPiym^tSpto tc

r * 0 • given by the Bank.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever all the Commissioners for the Purposes of the fafd

first recited Act, or the major Part of them, present at any Meeting holden under the said Act, shall adjudge

that there is just Cause to disallow the Application of any Surveyor or Inspector to revise any Statement as

in the said Act is mentioned, then and in such Cafe, but not otherwise, it shall be lawful for the said Com-

missioners to disallow the fame; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

The Majority of.

Comrruilioners

present at any

Meeting may

difullow the

Application of

Survtyors to revise Statements. [&* \ 53 rjf c. 13.J

XXXIII. And be it further enacted. That the Schedules to the said first recited Act annexed shall be, and the

tune are hereby repealed; and that the several Schedules to this Act annexed, and all and every the Pro-

visions of this Act, shall, in the Execution of the said recited Act and of this Act, be severally applied and coo-

flrued in like Manner as if the said Schedules and Provisions were specially enacted in the said Act or this Act;

and that the said several Schedules to this Act annexed, with their respective Rules, Directions, Marks, and

References, shall be deemed and taken to be a Part of the said recited Act and of this Act; and that all the

Provisions of the said Act, and every Reference therein contained to the Schedules to the said Act annexed,

shall (except where the fame are hereby expressly varied) be .applied, construed, deemed, and taken, to refer

to ihe Schedules to this Act annexed, and be extended to and construed in like Manner as if the fame had been

enacted in the said Act or this Act.

• XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be altered,

varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be parted in this present Session of Parliament.

Former Sche-

dules repealed,

and new Sche-

dules substi

tuted.

Act maybe al-

tered or repealed,

thi* Scifion.

llx C. 42. 72. J

The SCHEDULES to which this Act refers*

A.

RULES for estimating the Income of the current Year of Persons to be assessed under the Act of the thirty-

ninth Year of the Reign of Ilis present Mr.jesty.

I. INCOME arising from Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments*

GENERAL RULE.

In all the undermentioned Cafes, whenever the Term “ Annual Value of Lands” is used, the fame is-to

be understood as signifying the Aggregate Amount c-f the Rent at which the fame are let, or if not set,

are worth to be let by the Year, according to the ordinary Rent of Lands of like Quality in the fame

' • • Neighbour-

