224

Rates.

penalty on

taking more

than the Rates,

from ios« to 5s.

Tickets shall he

made out at the

Ions, and given

to the Porters,

and by them

delivered with

the Parcels.

Penalty on

Innkeeper, Sec.

not making out

such Tickets

from 40s. to 5s,

—OnPorter,not

delivering, or

defacing fame,

4cs.—On Por-

ter overcharg-

ing, 20s.

Parcels brought

fy Coaches

ihalibi: deliver-

ed within iix

Hours, See on

Penalty from

ACS. to IOS.

Parcels brought

by Waggons

Shall be deliver-

ed within 24

Hours, on a

hits Penalty.

Parcels directed

to be left till

Ca'Ied for shall

h delivered to

Fe ions to

whom the fame

shall be direct-

td, on Payment

Of Carriage snd

2d. lor Ware-

house Room, on

like Penalty.

If rot f for

tiil the Expiri-

ti’jn of one

Vv e <. ii

it.tv- for Ware-

C.lviii. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

rough, and Liberties, shall a(k or demand, or receive or take, in respect of such Porterage or Delivery, any

greater Rate or Price than the several Rates or Prices herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,)

For an^ Distance not exceeding a Quarter of a Mile, the Sum of three Pence :

For any greater Distance than a Quarter of a Mile, but not exceeding Half a Mile, the Sum of four

Pence :

For any greater Distance than Half a Mile, but nbt exceeding one Mile, the Sum of six Pence:

For any greater Distance than one Mile, but not exceeding one Mile and a Half, the Sum of eight

Pence :

For any greater Distance than one Mile and a Half, but not exceeding two Miles, the Sum of ten Pence :

and so in like Manner the additional Sum of three Pence for every further Distance not exceeding Half

a Mile.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Porter or other Person employed in the Porterage or Delivery

of such Boxes, Baskets, Packages, Parcels, Trusses, Game, or other Things as aforesaid, shall a(k or de-

mand, or receive or take, of and from any Person or Persons in respect of such Porterage or Delivery, any

greater Sum or Sums than the Rates or Prices herein before fixed in that Behalf, such Porter, or other Persons

mall for every such Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings nor lets than five Shillings.

III. And be it further enacted, That before any such Box, Basket, Packet, Package, Parcel, Truss, Game,

or otherThing whatsoever is sent from the Inn, Warehouse, or other Place to which the fame is brought or

conveyed, there shall be made out and given to the Porter or other Person employed in the Delivery thereof,

a Card or Ticket, whereon shall be distinctly printed, written, pr marked the Name and Description of the

Inn, Warehouse, or other Place from whence the fame is sent, and the Sum due for the Carriage thereof,

and also the Sum due for the Porterage or Delivery thereof, according to the Rates and Prices aforesaid, and

theChrifthn Name and Surname of the Porter or other Person employed in such Delivery, which Card or

Ticket shall be delivered by the Porter or other Person employed as aforesaid, at the fame Time and together

with such Box, Basket, Packet, Package, Parcel, Truss, Game, or other Thing; and if any such Box,

Basket, or other Article shall be sent from any Inn, Warehouse, or other Place without such Card or

Ticket as aforesaid, every such Innkeeper, Warehouse keeper, or other Person shall for every such Offence

forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings nor leis than five Shillings ; and any Porter or other

Person employed in the Delivery of any such Box, Basket, or other Article, who shall not at the Time of

such Delivery leave therewith such Card or Ticket as aforesaid, or who shall wilfully alter, obliterate, or

deface any Thing written, or expressed thereon, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of forty

Shillings; and if any such Porter or other Person shall, upon the Delivery of such Box, Basket, or oAer

Article, afkor demand, or take or receive any larger Sum for the Carriage of such Article than is written

or expressed as aforesaid, every such Porter or other Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the

Sum of twenty Shillings.

IV. And be it further enacted. That every Box, Basket, Package, Parcel, Truss, Game, or other

Thing, brought to any Inn, Warehouse, or other Place, by any Pubiick Stage Coach or Carriage, other

than Stage Waggons, for the Purpose of Delivery within the Limits aforesaid, (except where the fame shall

be directed to be left till called for,) shall be delivered according to the Direction thereof within fix Hours

after the Arrival of any fie 1 Box. Basket, or other Article at fuen Inn, Warehouse,or other.Place, unless such

Arrival shall be between the Hours of Four in the Evening and Seven in the Morning, and in that Cafe

every such Delivery shall be made within fix Hours after fuen Hour in the Morning, and in Default thereof

every Innkeeper, Warehousekeeper, or other Person, to whole Inn, Warehouse, or other Place such Box,

Basket, or other Article shall be brought as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum

not exceeding twenty Shillings nor less than ton Shillings.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Box, Basket, Package, Parcel, Truss, Game, or other

Thing brought to any Inn, Warehoule, or other Place, by any Pubiick Stage Waggon for the Purpose of

Delivery within the Limits aforesaid, (except where the fame shall be directed to be left till called for,) shall

delivered according to the Direction thereof within twenty-four Hours after the Arrival cfany such Box,

Bafleet, or other Artic'e at such Inn, Warehouse, or other Place, and in Default thereof every Innkeeper,

Warehouse keeper, or other Person, to whole Inn, Warehouse, or other Place such Box, Basket, or other

Article (hiili be brought as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every fjch Offence any.Sum not exceeding

twenty Shillings coi u Is th n ;en Shillings.

VI. And b* it enacted. That every such Box, Basket, Package, Parcel, Truss, Game, or other Thing

brought to such Inn, Warehouse, or other Place as aforesaid, which shall be directed to be left till called for,

shall, upon the Dermnd of the Person properly authorized to receive the same, be delivered to such Person

without any Charge or Demand whatsoever, other than what is justly due for the Carriage thereof, and the

additional Sum of two Pence for the Warehouse Room thereof; and if the fame be not delivered to such

Person upon such Demand, or any Charge other than as aforesaid be made or received in respect thereof,

every Innkeeper, Warehousekeeper, or other Person, to whole Inn, Warehouse, or other Place such Box,

Basket, or other Article shall be brought as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence or Over-

charge any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings nor less than ten Shillings.

VII. Provided nevertheless, That if such Box, Basket, or other Article so directed to be left till called for

be not sent for from such Inn, Warehoule, or other Place before the End of one Week after the fame is

brought to iu<h Inn, Warehouse, or other Place, it shall be lawful to and for such In ikeeper, Warehouse-

keeper, or other Person to charge and receive the further Sum ofone Penny for.the Warehouse-Room thereof,

