356 C. 66. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Inspectors to

take the fol-

lowing

or thit shall be so flayed helow the Knee or Gambrel as aforesaid: A Sum not exceedingfive Shillings nor

less than Sixpence, for the Hide or Skin of every Calf so negligently or wilfully cut, gashed, or flawed in

the flaying thereof, or that shall be so flayed or taken off below the Knee or Gambrel as aforesaid: A Sunt

not exceeding five Shillings nor less than one Shilling, for the Hide or Skin of every Horse. Mare, or Geld-

ing; and a Sum not exceeding Sixpence and not le(s than three Pence, for the Hide or Skin of every Hog,

Pig, Sheep, or Lamb, which mall be so wilfully, or negligently, orcarelessly damaged by Cuts, Gushes, or

Flaws in the flaying thereof as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Person appointed an Inspector of Hides and Skins u der this

A&shall, before he shall begin to execute his said Office, take an Oath, duly and faithfully to execute the

fame, which Oath the Person or Persons appointing such Inspector is and are hereby authorized to ad.nini-

fter, and which Oath shall be in the Words following: that is to say,

Oath. 4 t A. B* do swear, That I will faithfully and diligently execute the Office of Inspector of Hides and Skins,

4 according to the true Intent and Meaning of an Act, passed in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his

Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An A£!y [here fit forth the Title of the At?,] without Favour

or Afte&ion, Prejudice or Malice, to any Person whomsoever.

4 So help me GOD/

Inspectors to

examine and

mark Raw

Hides and to

be entitled to

certain Fees.

If any Person

other than the

Inspector shall

mark any Raw

Hide he shall

forfeit 20I.

Insepctors may

impose Penal-

tics not exceed-

ing Half of the

highest imposed

' t>y this Act for

wilfully or care-

lessly cutting of

Hides without

their being ad-

judged by a

Magistrate, sub-

ject to the De-

termination of

Arbitrators.

And every such Inspector shall, with all due Care, examine and mark in Manner by this Act directed, all

Raw Hides and Skins flayed within the Distriftfur which he shall be Inspector as aforesaid; and every such

Inspector shall be entitled to demand and take for the examining and rqarking of the several and respective*

Sorts of Raw Hides and Skins examined and marked by him in pursuance of this Act, the several and re-

spective Sums following; (that is to say,) for the Hide of every Ox, Bull, Cow, Heifer, Steer, or Stiik,

Horse, Mare, or Gelding, the Sum of one Penny; and for every Calf, Hog, or Pig Skin, the Sum of one

Halfpenny; and for every Sheep or Lamb Skin, the Sum of one Farthing; and if any Person, to whom

any such Raw Hide or Skin shall belong as aforesaid, or any other Person for him, or any other Person or

Persons whomsoever, other than such Inspector or Insepctors as aforesaid, or some Person or Persons au-

thorized by him or them in that Behalf, shall (lamp or mark any Raw Skin or Hide with any Stamp or

Mark usually the Stamp or Mark of any such Inspector, he or the shall forfeit for every such Offence the

Sum of twenty Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Inspector or Insepctors as aforesaid,

upon the examining and inspeding of any Raw Hide or Skin that shall have been damaged in the flaying

thereof, to impose such Penalty for the vgilful, careless, or negligent cutting, gaihing, or flawing, of such

Hide or Skin, or for the flaying of any Hide, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, not exceeding one

Half of the highest Amount of any Penalty imposed by this Act, in respect of any such Damage as shall in

the Opinion of such Inspector or Insepctors be just and reasonable, according to the State of such Raw

Hide or Skin, without having such Penalty adjudged by any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace in pursuance

of the Provisions of this Act, subject nevertheless to the Determination of any Arbitrators summonrd in

pursuance of this Act, in case the Person or Persons to whom such Hide or Skin shall belong, or any Person

or Persons on his, her, or their Behalf, shall dispute the Payment of such Penalty, and give Notice in Writing,

of his, her, or their Determination of having such Difference of Opinion or Dispute determined by such Ar-

bitrators as aforesaid.

If an inspedor VII. Provided always. That in every Cafe where any Rich Inspector or Insepctors as aforesaid shall deem*

shall deem any any such Person or Persons liable to any higher Amount of Penalty, in respect of the Damage done to any

Person liable to such Hide or Skin, than such Half Amount as aforesaid, then and in every such Cafe, such Inspector orln-

Haif ^>e^ors Proceed for the Recovery thereof bylnformation before any iMagistrate or Justice of the Peace*

he* Hi all proceed in Manner by this Act directed.

for Recovery thereof by Information before a Magistratt.

The whole Pe-

nalty to be paid

to the lnspector

wholhali im-

pose or inform

for it.

Inspectors to

provi e Stamps

for marking

Hides at herein

d. redded.

If Penalty or

Fee for marking

Hides be not

paid, any In-

spedtor may

ftize and hll

them, ucik'fj

VIII. Provided also, That the whole Penalty imposed by any such lnspector or Inspectors as aforesaid, in

respect of any such damaged Hide or Skin, and also the whole Penalty that shall be adjudged by any Ma-

gistrate or Justice of the Peace, upon the Information of any Inspector or Inspectors who shall have deemed

it necessary to inform for the fame, in Manner herein-before mentioned, shall go and be paid to the lnspector

or Inspectors, who shall impose or inform for any such Penalties respectively as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every such lnspector of Raw Hides and Skins appointed under this

Act, shall provide two different and distinct Stamps or Marks, the orte thereof (that is to say,) the Letter S.

to denote good and perfect Raw Hides and Skins, and the other thereof, (that is to say,) the Letter D. to de-

note damaged Hides or Skins; with the firftof which Stamps or Marks he shall (lamp or mark on or near

the Tail, every Raw Hide or Skin that is not damaged in the flaying thereof, and with the latter of which

Stamps or Marks he shall stamp or mark on one of the Fore S.unks every Raw Hide or Skin that is da-

maged in the flaying thereof, upon being paid the Penalty determined by this Act imposed for the wilful, careless, or

negligent, cutting, gaihing, or flawing of any Hide or Skin in the flaying thereof, or for the flaying ofany

Hfoe, contrary to the Provisions of this Act; and if any Person or Persons to whom any such damaged Hide

or Sk n shall belong, (lull refuse to pay the Penalty by this Act imposed for cutting, gaQiing, or flawing of

Raw Hides or Skins in the flaying thereof, or for any Hide not aifowed by this Act to be flayed below the

Gambrel or Knee, that shall be so flayed as aforesaid, or shall refuse or neglect to pay the several Sums of

Money herein-before allowed to be taken for inspecting, examining, and marking, any Raw Hides or

Skins, it shall be lawful for the lnspector or Inspectors who shall examine any such Hide or Skui, or for any

other

