A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III.

C. 108.

205

payable to him, her, or them from or in respect of any Freehold, or Copyhold, or Customary Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or incident thereto, or accruing therefrom.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Com-

panies, by and under such Direction and Authority as aforesaid, and also for all and every Person or Persons

who by the said Act herein-before mentioned are enabled to fell any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

or Hereditaments, for the Purpose of raising Money for the ReJemption of Land "Lax, subjedtofuch Re-

gulations as by the said Acts or any of them are directed and required, to fell and disposeof any Freehold Ma-

nors or other Hereditaments, for the Purpose of raising Money for the Redemption or Purchase not only of

the Land Tax charged on such Freehold Manors and other Hereditaments, but also of the Land Tax charged

on any Copyhold or Customary Messuages or other Hereditaments, provided such Copyhold or Customary

Messuages or Hereditaments be limited or subjedto the same Uses with the Freehold Estates so fold, save and

except as to such Variations'as may be occasioned by the Difference of the Tenure ; and also to sell and dispose

of any Copyhold or Customary Messuages or other Hereditaments for the Purpose of redeeming the Land

Tax charged thereon, and also on any Freehold Manors and other Hereditaments, limited or subject to the

Same Uses, save and except as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That where any Land Tax chargeable on any Manors, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments which are or shall be holden by Copy of Court Roll or other Customary

Tenure of any Manor or Manors belonging to any Body Politick or Corporate, or Company as aforesaid,

by virtue of any Lease or Leases, shall be redeemed or purchased by any such Body Politick or Corporate,

or Company, under the Powers contained in any of the before-mentioned Acts or this Act, the Amount of

the Land Tax so redeemed or purchased shall be considered as Rent reserved to such Body Politick or Cor-

porate, or Company as aforesaid, out of such Copyhold or Customary Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tene-

ments, or Hereditaments, and be payable on the same Days as such Land Tax was payable before the Re-

demption thereof; and the fame Powers shall be had, used, and enjoyed for the Recovery thereof as for the

Recovery of Rent in Arrear.

VIL And be it further enacted, That where Part only of divers Manors, MefTiTges, Lands, Tenements,

fcr Hereditaments which may have been usually demised together by any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or

Companies, by one Lease, upon which an entire ancient and accustomed Rent or Rents hath or have been

reserved or made-payable, shall be sold for any of the Purposes of this Act or of the before-mentioned Acts,

it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners appointed as aforesaid to apportion such ancient Rent or Rems,

and to settle and adjust the Proportion thereof which shall from thenceforth be paid or payable in respect

of such of the Manors and other Hereditaments comprised in the said Lease, which shall not be sold for the

Purposes aforesaid; or to settle out of what Part or Parts of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

or Hereditaments liable thereto, the Whole of such Rent or Rents, if the Nature of the Refcrvation will

not admit of Apportionment, shall be reserved or paid in future; and in all Leases which shall thereafter

be granted of such last mentioned Manors and other Hereditaments the Sum or other Article or T hing

which shall have been so settled and apportioned shall be the Rent to be reserved thereon ; any Law to the

Contrary notwithstanding. respe& to the Parts unfojd, or shall settle out of wh^t Part the Whole shall be paid.

VIII. And be it enacted, That where theReverfion of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Where the Re-

ether Hereditaments holden underanyfuch Body Politick or Corporate, or Company as aforesaid, by virtue

of any Lease for one or more Life or Lives, or for Years absolute or determinable on the dropping of one

or more Life or Lives, or by Copy of Court Roll or Customary Tenure for Life or Lives, shall be purchased

under the Powers of this Act or of any of the Acts before mentioned, by or with the proper Monies of the

Person or Persons for the Time being beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits thereof, and where fuch1 to Setllc-

Lease or Leases shall be subje£l to any Will or Settlement, so that such Person or Persons shall not, at the ment>

Time of purch^sing the said Reverfton thereof,be entitled to the absolute Interest under such Lease or Leases,

then and in every such Cafe the said Reversion shall be settled under the Direction of the said Commissioners

appointed under the said last-mentioned Act, foand in such Manner as that the Amount of the Money paid

for the Purchase thereof, with lawful Interest, may be a Charge on such Reversion for the Benefit of the Per-

son or Persons advancing the fame, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; and that sub-

je& thereto the Fee Simple of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments shall

be settled under the like Direction, for the Benefit of the Person or Persons so purchasing the fame, and of

such other Persons as would have been entitled under such Will or Settlement to the Benefit of any renewed

Lease or Leases for. the Titnd being, and so as to be enjoyed by them for such respective Estates and Interests

as-, considering the Alteration of the T enure, shall appear to the said Commissioners most correspondent

with the Intention of such Will or Settlement; provided, that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners

to direct an Application to be made to the Court of Chancery, in a summary Way, for obtainieg

Direction as to the Mode of settling any such Reverfton where the Cafe (hull appear to them to be attended

with Difficulty. ^ ,

1 Commimuners may apply to the Couit of Chance iy

IX. And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies

as aforesaid, by and under the Direction and Authority of the Commissioners appointed under the said last-

mentioned Act, to contract and agree with their respective Lessees and Tenants holding under any Demise

by Copy of Court Roll or otherwise, who shall, under the Powers contained in the said Acts before mentioned,

or any of them, have redeemed or purchased the Land 'Fax charged upon the Manors or other Hereditaments’

comprized in such Itemizes respectively, for an Alignment to such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Com-.

panics*

Freehold Ffla'et

may be sold to

redeem the

Lard Tax on

them, and on

Copyhold Ef-

tates limited to

the same Uses,

and contrary-

wife.

Where the Land

Tax chargeable

on Land* on

Lease belonging

to Corporations

is purchased by

them, the

Ampunt to be a

Rent Charge on

the Lands.

Whcrf Parr of'

Lands usually

demised in one

Lease by any

Corporation,

u;>on which an

entire ancient

Rent hath been

reserved, /hall

be fold, the

Commissionert

under 390^0.3.

c. 21. § 2. /hall

apportion such

ancient Rent in

version of Lands

holden under

any Corpora-

tion by Lease for-

Lives, subject

purchased by

the* Per Ion en-

titled to the

Rents, but not

to the abhilute-

interest undvr'

the Lease, the

Rever/lon shall

be settled by tli©-

faidCommi/Ton-

ers, so that thj

Purchase Money

and Intere/t

may be a Chare*

thereon for the

Benefit of such

Purchafir, &c.

Corporations,

by Authority of

thp fdd Com-

mi/Goners, n ay

agiee with the

LUfrcs and

T cnantf - /or

