23

A. Da 1799^ Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 7, 8, 9.

44 the Reduced from Oft. 10, 1798. § 1. Contributors who have made Deposits at the Bank, to pay the

44 Remainder of Subscriptions by Instaiments. §2. Guardians may subscribe for Infants. § 3. Contri-

44 butors entitled to certain Annuities, which shall be paid Half-yearly, but not till Subscriptions are com-

44 pleted. § 4. Asfoon as Subscriptions are completed, they may be transferred. § 3. Annuities payable

44 and transferable at the Bank. § 6. Bank to appoint a Cashier and Accountant-General, and the Trea-

*4 fury to order Money to be issued to the Cashier, for payment of the Annuities. § 7. Cashier to give Re-

44 ceiptsfor Subscriptions, which may be afligneu before Feb. 7, 1799—Cashier to give Security for paying

44 the Money he receives into the Exchequer. $ 8. A Book to be kept in the Accountant-General’s Office,

44 for entering Contributors* Names, a Duplicate whereof to be transmitted to the Auditor of the Exche-

44 quer. $9. Contributors duly paying their Subscriptions, entitled to Annuities Tax-free. § 10. Sub^'

44 feriptions paid in part, and not completed, to be forfeited. § u.* Annuities to be deemed Personal

44 Estate. § 12. Treasury may apply the Money paid into the Exchequer. § 13. Accountant General to

44 keep Books for entering'Transfers.—-Stock may be devised.—Transfers not liable to Stamp Duties § 14.

•4 Treasury may defray incidental Expences out of Contributions, and allow Salaries to the Cashier and

44 Accountant-General. § 15. The 3 /. per Cent. Confols under this Act to be added to the Joint Stock of

44 j/. per Cent. Confols. § 16. The 3 /. tier Cent. Reduced to be added to the Joint Stock of 3/. per Cent.

44 Reduced. § 17. Annuities granted oy this Act, lobe paid out of the Consolidated Fund.—Persons

44 counterfeiting Receipts for Contributions, etc. guilty of Felony without Clergy. § 18. Bank to eon-

44 tinue a Corporation till the Annuities hereby granted cease. § 19. No Fee to be taken for receiving

44 Contributions, or paying or transferring Annuities, on Penalty of 20/. $ 20. Persons sued may plead

u the General Issue.—Treble Coils. $ n.”

CAP. VIII.

An Act for extending the Time allowed for taking out Certificates for using or wearing

Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, until the fifteenth Day of February one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-nine,—[4th January 1799.]

€ 7 HERE AS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His

4 W Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued with respect to Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, it was enacted,

4 That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety weight, or

4 within the Space of two Calendar Months next ensuing, every Person liable to any of the Duties by the

4 said Act imposed should make Entry of his or her Name and Place of Abode, in the Manner and for the

4 Purpose in the said Act mentioned, under the Penalty in the said Act contained, in order to obtain a Cer-

4 tificate thereof duly stamped, as by the said Act isdirefted : And whereas many Persons using or wearing

4 Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, through Ignorance, Absence, or some unavoidable Accident, have omitted

4 or neglected to make such Entries and obtain such Certificates as aforesaid within the Time limited by the

4 said Act, whereby they are or may become liable to the Penalty contained therein :* For Remedy whereof,

may it please Your Majesty that it. may be enacted, and be it ena6led by the King’s most Excellent Ma-

jesty,by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the Time allowed by the said recited Act for

making such Entries and obtaining such Certificates, shall be, and is hereby extended until and upon the fif-

teenth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine ; and that every Person liable to any of

the Duties by the said recited Act imposed,* who on the twenty-fourth Day of August one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-eight, shall have neglected or omitted to make such Entry and obtain such Certificate,

and who before the fifteenth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine shall make such

Entry and obtain such Certificate as by the said recited Act is required, shall be, and is hereby indemnified,

freed, and discharged from and against all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred, or to be incurred, for or by

reason of such Omission or Neglect; and every such Entry so to be made shall be of the like Force and

Effect as if the fame had been made within the Time limited by the said recited Act.

38 Geo. 3.

cap. 53. re*

cited.

Time allowed

by $ 5. of the

recited Act for

making Entries,

and obtaining

Certificates, ex-

tended to Feb.

2799*

CAP. IX.

An Act to continue, until the first Day of February one thousand (even hundred and

ninety-nine, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, Chapter seven, on the

second Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, intituled,

* An Act to continue, until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the

next Session of Parliament, two several /13s, in the Session of Parliament holden

in the thirty-sixth and thirty seventh Tears of His p'efent the one, Chapter

thirty-two, on the tenth Day of March, and the , Chapter on

fifth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for , for a

limited Time, the Operation of certain Acts, made in the fifteenth and Tears.

y the Reign of His prtfent Majesty, for retraining the Negotiation of Notes

