entitled, and the

Surplus shall be

inverted in the

Funds for the

Benefit of all

concerned.

• $ 3*-

Lords of Manor!

may enfranchise

Copyholds

though not

seised of legal

Estates in the

Parirties niay

apply Trust

Property appli-

cable to chari-

table Purposes

in redeeming

Land Tag on

Lands settled to

charitable Uses,

and the Lands

may be charged

with an An-

nuity equal to

the Income of

the Property

applied.

'40.

A. D. 1798. Anno tricesimo nono Georigii If I. C. 6. 19

i n case the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the first or next beneficial Estate in Remainder, Rever- Tax, maybe

(ion, or Expedlancy, being of full Age, shall consent and agree to the Sale of the whole Farm and Lands (o coiientof t£

proposed to be sold, on the Terms and Restrictions herein mentioned, it shall be lawful in such Cafe for the persons next

Commissioners to direct and authorize the Sale of the Whole of such Farm and Lands, in the Manner di-

rected by the said Act; and the Surplus Money, after purchasing Stock sufficient to redeem such Land Tax,

tnd paying and discharging the Costs and Expences attending the Sale thereof, shall be placed in the Books

of the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the Court of

Chancery, to the Intent that the fame may be laid out in the Purchase of Stock ; which Stock, and the Di-

vidends and Annual Produce thereof, shall be applied and disposed of in such Manner as in the said Act # is di-

rected, with respect to the Surplus of Stock purchased with the Money arising from bales, where no

more shall be (old than what ihali have been eligible or necessary to be sold for the Redemption of such

Land Tax.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That any Person beneficially entitled unto any Manor may, in the

Manner directed, and with the Approbation of the Court of Chancery, in the Manner required by the said

Act f, enfranchise Copyhold or Customary Estates belonging to the lame, whether such Person be seised of

a legal Estate in the fame Manor or not; provided that no Sale shall be allowed of any Rents under the said

Ad, or this Act, at any less Price than will, in the Judgment of the Commissioners, be sufficient to redeem

Land T ax to the fame Amount* Manor; Rents not to We fold but to redeem Land Tax to the fame Amount. + § 41,42. (But fee c. 10S. § 3.)

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That where any Parish or Place is or shall be under any Act of Par-

liament, or any Deed or Will, or under any Decree of any Court, or otherwise, entitled to receive, apply,

and dispose of, any Trust Property applicable to any charitable Purposes, it shall and may be lawful for such

Parish or Place, and the Trustees ill whom such Trust Property is or shall be vested, to apply such Trust Pro-

perty, or any Part thereof, in the Redemption of the Land 'Fax charged upon any Manors, Mafliiages, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, settled to charitable Uses, to the Benefit of which any such Parish or Place

is or may be entitled ; and by Indenture or Indentures, under the Hands and Seals of the Parson, Vicar, or

Curate, and of the Churchwardens and Overseers of such Parish or Place, or of the major Part of them, en-

rolled in such Manner as is by the said Act % directed with respect to Indentures executed by Trustees and

Other Persons for the Sale of Lands for redeeming the Land Tax, to charge such Manors, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, or a sufficient Part thereof, with the Payment of an Annuity or Rent Charge

equal to the Amount of the Income of the Trust Property which shall have been applied in the Redemption

of such Land Tax : Provided always. That no such Trust Property shall be so applied, or Annuity charged,

without the Approbation of two such Justices, certified in such Manner, and with such Proof of Notice? as is

by the said Act || directed, in case of the Application of the Poor Rates or Church Rates for the Redemption of

the Land Tax.

XXXII. And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Trustees for the Time being of any

Trust Property heretofore given by any Will, for the Purpose of being laid out in the Purchase of Lands or

Impropriate Tithes, for the Benefit of the Poor Clergy in England, with such Consent as is required by such

Will, to lay out from Time to Time any Sum or Sums of Money, which by virtue of such Will now is, or

are, or hereafter shall be, applicable for the rurpose aforesaid, in, for, or towards the Purchase of so much

Of three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities before mentioned as may be necessary, (or to apply any Portion

Of such three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities as they may be pofl'efled of under their Tiuft, and as may

be necessary for the Purpose,) for the Redemption or Purchase of the Land Tax charged, or hereafter to be

charged, in pursuance of the said Act of the last Session of Parliament herein-before refereed to, upon tha

Lands, Tithes, or other Profits arising from such Living or Livings belonging to the Church of England, as

the said Trustees for the Time being, with such Consent as aforesaid, shall think fit, the Redemption of

which Land Tax shall have been contracted for on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand

(even hundred and ninety-nine § now next ensuing, by the Incumbent or Incumbents of such Living or Liv-

ings, with the Consent of the said Trustees, and of such other Persons whole Consent is required by such

Will, or the Purchase whereof shall afterwards be contracted for at any Sale by Contract orpubl'ck Auc-

tion, or otherwise, under the Regulations of the said Act, by such Incumbent or Incumhents with the like

Consents, and from Time to Time to transfer to the Commissioners for Reduction of the National Debt,

such three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, according to such respective Contradts ; and such Transfers

of Stock shall, from the Quarter Day preceding the making thereof, wholly exonerate and d.scharge the

Lands, Tithes, or other Profits of such Living or Living*, from the Payment of the Land 'Fax so redeemed

or purchased; and every such Redemption or Purchase of Land Tax by virtue of this Act, for the Benefit

such Living or Livings, shall be deemed valid and effectual in the Law, and equivalent, to all Intents,

Constructions, and Purposes, to a Purchase or Purchases of Lands or T'ithes for that Purpose, under

the Trusts of such Will, any Statutes of Mortmain or other Statute or Law to the contrary notwith-

standing.

XXXm. And be ft further enacted, That no Glebe Lands which shall fold in pursuance of the said

Ad, by the Incumbent of any Living* for the Purpose of redeeming the Land Tax charged thereon, shall be

fold, freed, or discharged from theTithes, unless the Ordinary of such Living shall certify his Consent that

tbefame shall bedischarged from Tithes at the Time of certifying his Consent to the Sale of such Glebe Taxrtiali

Lands. ' be freed from the Tithct, unfcfs the Ordinary shall certify his Consent.

. XXXIV. And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick or Corporate, and Corporations or

Companies, and all Trustees for charitable.Purposes, being in respect of their Manors, Messuages, Lands, T*urtcts may

Tenements, or Hereditaments, under the Governance, Guidance, or Control of any private Statutes, Bye-

D 2 ~ Laws, i

Trorteeifor the

Poor Clergy

under any Willi

may lay out

Trurt Property

' in the Redemp-’

tion of Land

Tax on Living!.

/

Cap. 3*

$ [Extended /•

March 15,18co,

f.43. §7.j

No Glebe Lands

sold by any in-

cumbent lor rc-

c^ooooie

