304. C. 30. Anno 39* & 40® Georgii IIL A, D. 180.0.

Corporation*

and Persons en-

titled to redeem

Land Tax till

March 25,1801,

inAead of March

ijj 2800.

.So much of 3S

Geo. 3, c. 60,

[$»o, 38.J

as requirts the

ConAnt of

Corrmissioners

to tire Grant of

any Mortgage,

&C by Corpora-

tions repealed.

Mortgage* by

Corporations

shall in future

be made under

Authority of

the Conftmif-

sioners ap-

pointed by

Letters Patent

unccr 39 Geo,

3 c. 21.

The said Com-

-miffi oners shall

have the lame

Powers touch-

ing such Grants

a* they have

concerning Sales

•of Manors, &c.

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Bodies Corporate and Politick, Compa-

nies and Persons in the said Acts mentioned, who, by the fame Acts, or any of them, were empowered to

contract for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on any Manors, Mefliiages, Lands, Tenements, or

Hereditaments, ot which they were or should be in Polleflion, or to the Rents arid Profits whereof they were

or should be beneficially entitled, or in which' they should have any Ellate or Interest in Remainder, Reversion,

or Expectancy, or, being substitute Heirs of Entail, should be entitled in their Older to succeed to, in Pre-

ference to any other Bodies, Corporations, Companies, or other Persons whatsoever, not having an Estate

or Interest: therein, and the respective Committees, Curators, Tutors, Guardians, or Trustees of such Per-

fops on their Behalf respectively, are hereby declared to hate, and shall continue to have and te entitled to

such and the like Preference in the Redemption of such Land Tax over such other Bodies, Corporations,

Companies, or Persons, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred, until

and upon the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much, and such of the Provisions of an Act, passed in the thirty-

. eighth Year of the Reign of his prclent Majesty, intituled. An Act for making perpetual, Juhjetd to Redcmp*

Uon and Purchase in the Manner thereinft (it ed, the federal Sums cf Aloney now charged in Great Britain as q

Land Tax for one Tear, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thoufandjeven hundred and ninety-eighty re-

quire that the Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, for carrying that Act into Execution, shall con-

tent to and approve of the Grant of any Mortgage or any Rent Charge thereby authorized to be made or

granted by any Bodies Corporate or Politick, or Companies, and also such Provisions as require that a Sche-

dule should be produced, and one Month’s Notice in Writing given to the said Com mi (boners previously to

any such Mortgage or grant, and all such other Provisions as require the Sanction, Direction, Authority, or

Concutrence of the said Commissioners to or in any such Mortgage or Grant, shall, from and immediately

after the passing of this Act, be^ and the fame are hereby repealed.

HI. And be it further enacted. That every Mortgage or Rent Charge which shall be nfiade or granted

from and after the passing of ths Act, by any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies as aforesaid,

for the Purpose of redeeming all or any Part of the Land Tax charged upon any Manors, Mefliiages, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging to them, whether rhe fame shall be in their own Possession,orletto

Tenants at Will, or from Year to Year, or for any Term of YeaTsabfolute or determinable on a Life or Lives,

for which a Fine or Premium was or shall be paid, or for Lives, where a Rent was or shall be reservedoraFine

or Premium paid, shall be made under the Direction and Authority .of the Commissioners appointed by his

Majesty, by Letters Patent under the Gr at Seal of Great Britain, under the Authority of an Act, passed in

the thirty ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An Aid to amend and render mare effcttuA

two Aids passed in the thirty-eighth Tar of his prefect Majesif.s Reign and the present Session of Parliament,

for the Redemption and Purcha,e of the Land Tax ; and. every such Mortgage or Rent Charge, when ap-’

proved of and confirmed by the said last-mentioned Commissioners, or any two or nvre 6f them, certified

by their ijgning and sealing the Deed or Deeds creating the fame, shall be valid and efredlual.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners last herem-befiore mentioned, shall and may have

and exercise, and are hereby inverted with all and singular the fame Powers and Authorities of Controul,

Discretion, Consent, Approbation, and Confirmation, and of requiring Information, and of receiving

Affidavits and Depositions to be taken by and before the fame Perions, and all other Powers and Autho-

rities touching and concerning any such Mortgage or Rent Charge as last herein-before mentioned, as they

are inverted with by the Act last herein*before referred to, touching and concerning the Sales of Manors,

Mefliiages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments thereby made subject to their Controul, Direction, and

Confirmation. '

Governors of V* ^urt^ier ena^ecL That it shall be lav ful for the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, for

Queen Anne’s the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, who-are authorized by' the afore-mentioned Acts,

bounty may or any of them, to lay out Monies applicable towards the Augmentation of Livings in and for the Redemp-

purchaseRent tion of Land Tax, from Time to Lime to lay out any such Sum or Sums as now is or are or shall be

Charge* granted hereafter applicable for that Purpose, by virtue of the fame Acts, or any of them, in, for, or towards the

of Living aut- purchaJing any Rent Charge or Rent Charges which shall have been or shall be granted under the Auiho-

merited by nfe ricy of any of the said Acts, or of this Act, by any Rector, V icar, or Curate, of any Living or Livings which

Bounty, that the said Governors have already agreed or shall hereafter agree to augment; and such Rent Charge or Rent

they may be ex- Charges, when so purchased, shall be surrendered to such Rector, Vicar, or Curate, as the Cafe may be, or

tin^’-ushed. his Succeiiois, to the Intent that the lame may (ink and be extinguished for die Benefit of such Living or

ftfr anV3» Uvi,*..

Geo. 3. f. 43- § 6-3

Trust es for the

poor Clergy,

under any

Wills, may ex-

ecute the

Powers given

them by 39 GcO.

3. c 6 § 32 :

»nd c. 43. § 7.

for the Redemp-

tion of Land

Tax contn6>cd

for by Incum-

bents, until

March25, i3ci.

VI. And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Trustees for the Time being of any Trust

Property heretofore given by any Will for the Purpose of being laid out in the Purchase otLands or im-

propriate Tnhes for the Benefit of the poor Clergy of England, and who were empowered by

an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An Act ts

enlarge the "Time limited for the Redemption of the Land Tax, and to explain and amend an At7, made in

the last Session of Parliament, intituled, * An Aid for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Pur-

4 chafe in the A/anner therein stated, the several Sums of Aloney now charged in Great Britain as a Land

4 Tax for one Year, fiom the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand /even hundred and ninety-eight -,'

and by another Act, passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled, An At7 for enlarging the Tint

limited by certain Alls passed for the Redemption of the Land Tax, and for explaining and amending

the Jaw, to apply their Funds therein-mentioned for the Redemption or Purchase of Land Tax

charged upon the Lands, Tithes, or other Profits, arising from any Living or Livings belonging to the

Church '

