550

Bounties shall

bo under the

Management cf

the Commit-

Tinners of

Ciftcms.

Entry to be

m^de at (tie

Port of Imimit-

ation, and

Prcoftiven

that the Arti-

cle* arc frt

from Mixtute.

Articles im-

ported mail be

impeded by

ibo Ofikers of

the Cu horns

.-rd two (ViJiul

Pci ions, v\ l.o

are to certify

whether they

are ht for mak-

irg Hr tad, See.

[5Vr froji c. 19.

that all Foreign

Corn whiter et

rtujfl he injt ;ch,l9

whether the

Bounty he claimed

or net J

Samples may be

taken in order

to a Pertain the

Condition of

the Articles,

Recompence to

be mide to

the inspe&ors.

Foreign Wheat,

4ec. arriving not

in a merchant-

able Mate, may

bt w.avhouPd,

and for such

asihall become

C. 10. Anno  quadragesimo primo Georgij III.* A.D. 1806.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Bounties shall be under the Management of the Com-

missioners of h»s Majesty’s Customs in England and Scotland reflectively* and shall he paid out of any

Monies in their Hands arising by any of the Duties or Revenues under their Management respectively,to

the respective Importers or Consignees of such VVheat, Baxley, Rye, Oats* Pease, Beans, or Indian Corn,

or of such Meal or Wheaten Flour and Rice respectively : Provided always. That a due Entry shall be

made with the proper Officer of the Customs at the Port Into which such Articles shall be imported:

Provided also, 1’hat the Collector or other proper Officer of the Customs of the Port where such

Articles shall be imported, do receive full and satisfactory Proof that the Article for which any

Bounty herein allowed is claimed is wholly, and entirely without Mixture of any other Corn or Grain;

and that in Default thereof, the said Bounties un any of them shall not, nor shall any of them be allowed

oY paid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That before any Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Pease, Beans, Indiat

Corn, or Meal made of Barley, Rye, Oats* or Indian Corn, or VVheat Flour or Rice imported or brought

into this Kingdom for Bounty, under the Regulations of this Act, shall be delivered out of the Charge 0

the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs of the Port where theffiame shall be respectively so imported

or brought, such Articles respectively shall be carefully and attentively inspected and examined, and such

Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, and Indian Corn and Maize, weighed, by such Officer or Officers of the

Customs as the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively shall think fit to di-

rest for that Duty, and two indifferent and difmterefted Persons, experienced in the Nature of the Article

to be so inspected and examined; which two indifferent and difmterefted Persons shall be appointed for that

Purpose by the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England for the Port of London, and by the Cohec-

torand Comptroller or other Head Officer in any other Pott of Importation described in this Act,in England

or Scotland respectively, subject nevertheless in every such Cafe to the Controul and Approbation, Coa*

formation or Removal, of any such Person or Persons appointed in any such Port or Ports aforesaid, bf

the Commissione rs of his Majesty’s' Customs in England and Scotland respectively, whenever they dull

think fit ; which said Officer or Officers of the Customs, and two indifferent and difmterefted Persons to

chosen as aforesaid, shall, upon having viewed the fame, and having weighed such Quantities and Propor-

tions of any VVheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, or Indian Corn and Maize, as they may think sufficient fqraf*

certaining the Average Weight thereof, certify and declare, upon their corporal Oaths first administered

in the Port of London by some Person authorized by the Commissioners of the Customs for that Purpose,

and in the Outports by the Collector, or in his Absence, by the Comptroller or other principal Officer of

the Customs at the Port where such Articles shall be imported, (who are hereby authorized and required

to administer the fame,) whether the said Articles respectively are or are not merchantable, and whether

any such Wheaten Flour is fit for making Bread, and also the Weight of such Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats,

and Indian Corn and Maize respectively; and such Officers and Persons respectively are hereby required

to grant such Certificate upon all Corn, Grain, Pulse, Flour, and Meal, that shall by them have beta

deemed merchantable and in good Condition as aforesaid, within two Days after the fame shall have been

inspected determined by them as aforesaid ; and if the fame shall appear by such Certificate to be merchantable, and of

the respective Weights required by this Act, where such Weights are in this A ft specified, and such

Wheaten Flour shall appear to be fit for making Bread, the Bounties respectively granted by this Act shall

be paid and allowed thereon; but if the fame shall appear by such Certificate not to be merchantable,

or such Wheaten Flour not fit for making Bread, no Bounty granted by this Act shall be paid or al-

lowed thereon.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if any such Officers, or Person or Persons fa

appointed as aforesaid, shall have any Doubt as to the State and Condition of any such Wheat, Barley,

Rye, Oafs, or Indian Corn or Maize, or any Meal of any such Corn as aforesaid, or of any Wheaten

Flour, it dial I be lawful for such Officers or Person or Persons aforesaid, to take a Sample thereof, not exceed-

ing a Bushel of any such Corn, or a Peck of any such Meal or Wheaten Flour, upon Payment of the rea-

sonable Value thereof, according to the last Average Price of such Article, for the Purpose of grindingany

such Corn into Flour or M?al, and making Bread thereof, or making Bread of any such Meal or Wheaten

Hour, in Older thereby to ascertain the State and Condition of the fame, and whether the fame,is fit for

making Bread.

XXil. And be it further enacted. That the said indifferent and difmterefted Persons so chosen by the

said Commissioners and principal Officers respectively to inspedt and examine the said Articles, shall from

'Time to l ime be paid by an Order of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England and Scot*

land, or any Thice or more of them, out of any Monies in their Hands, arising by any of the Duties or

Revenues under their Management respectively, the following Sums, by way of Recompence or Reward

for their Trouble in lo inspecting, examining and certifying, (tint is to say,) the Sum of one Penny per

Quarter for all Corn, Grain, or Pulse, or two hundied and eighty Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of Rice, m-

spected, and examined and certified by them as aforesaid, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quan-

tity, and the Sum of one Penny per Barrel of all Wheaten Flour inspecded, and examined and certified

by them as aforesaid, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

XXIII. c And whereas it may happen that Foreign Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Pease, Beans, and

‘ Indian Corn and Maize, imported into this Kingdom, may arrive heated and not in a merchantable Stile

‘ and Condition ;’ be it therefore enacted. That in every such Cafe it shall be lawful for the Owner or

Consignee thereof, to deposit the fame in some Warehouse to be approved of by the CoDftor, or in his Ab-

fence the Concroher or other Head Officer of the Customs in the Port where such Corn, Grain or Pulse,

ftaH

