So o

His Continu-

ance in

and Manrer of

appointing a

Slice. (Fur,

Additional

Overseer ftvill

fi^n an Agree-

ment and take

an Oath.

Oath.

His Power* -

t)ne or more of

the Churchwar-

dens or Over-

men shall be

Treaflirer to re-

ceive the Rates

from the Collec-

for and to pay

the fame to the

additional

Overseer*

Upon what

Crounds addi-

tional Over-

leer may be

dil'miffed from

his Office,

C.xiviii. Anno 29® & 40® Georgii III. A.D. 1S00.

Purposes as such Overseers of the Poor now have, or hereafter shall or may have, a Power to act by virtue

of any Act or otherwise howsoever (except as before excepted).

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said additional Overseer so to be nominated and appointed as

aforesaid, shall, unless he be removed in Manner herein-after mentioned, continue in Office until the TiuJ

day in Easter Week, which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and one, and no

longer; and that then and so annually afterwards upon TutJJay in Easter Week, or within three Days

thenafter, the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Aldbourne and others, who according to this Act are qualified

tochoofe the said additional Overseer in Manner herein-before mentioned, shall cither agree with the Person

who held the said Office Lit to continue in such Office the Year ensuing, or shall proceed to the Election

of another fit and proper Pei Ion for the said Office in Manner herein-before directed and also, that in case

any such additional Overseer shall die or be removed from his said Office before the Expiration of the Time

for which he shall have b:en appointed, or become incapab.e by Illness or otherwise of doing his Duty,

then and in any such Cale a Meeting shill be called, in Manner aforesaid, as soon as conveniently may be/

and the Inhabitants and others qualified as aforesaid shall proceed in the Manner herein-before directed to

nominate and appoint another fit and proper Person to be the additional Overseer, in the Room of such

Overseer so removed or dying: Provided always. That it shall not be lawful at any Time to appoint any

Person to be an additional Overseer as aforesaid, who shall not be and continue a Member of the Church of

England as by Law establiftied.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every such additional Overseer, before he takes upon himself the.

Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities given him by this Act, shall (ign an Agreement in the

Parish Book where the Proceedings of the fail! Parish are usually entered, signifying his Acceptance of and

taking on himself the Office, and of the Salary he is to receive for the fame, and also take the following Oath:

' (videlicet,)

T A. B* do swear, That in all Cafes in.which I shall act as Overseer of the Poor of the Parish of Aldboumer

c 1 appointed in pursuance of an Act, made in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George

. the Third, intituled, [here injert the title of this /&?,] I will without Favour or Affection, Hatred or

Malice, truly and impartially, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, execute ami perform all

and every the Trusts, Powers, and Authorities reposed in me by the said Act.

c So help me God/

Which Oath any one or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said County of JVilts^ shall and

is and are hereby empowered and reauired to administer.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That immediately after such additional Overseer shall be nominated

and appointed, and shall have taken upon him the Office in Manner aforesaid, the Whole Management and

Care of the Poor of the said Parish shall be veiled in him* and neither the Churchwardens nor Overseers of

the Poor of the said Parish shall intermeddle or interfere in the Care or Management of the Poor, either it*

or out of the Workhouse or Workhouses to be provided for the said Parish (except during the Interval that

may happen between the Death or Dismission of such additional Overseer and the Appointment of his Suc-

ceflor in the Manner herein directed, and except during the Abfehce or Inability to execute his Office of any

such additional Overseer); but the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor shall continue to have and

be vested with the fame Powers of making and collecting Poor’s Rates, as they have at present, and shall be

subject to the like Penalties for Neglect or Misbehaviour in making or collecting such Rates,.as they were at

the Time of passing this Act.

u Appointment of Master or Mistress of the Workhouse to be in the Trustees. § 19.”

. XX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Appointment of such Additional Overseer as

aforesaid, one or more of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Aldbourne, who

shall be approved of at some Meeting for that Purpose (to be summoned and held at the Vestry Room of the

Church of Aldbourne in Manner herein-before directed for the Appointment of such additional Overseer)

by the Majority of the Inhabitants, and others qualified as aforesaid, present at such Meeting, shall be ap-

pointed Treasurer or Treasurers, and receive the Money to be collected by virtue of all Rates granted for

the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, and pay the fame, or so much thereof as shall remain in his or their

Hands, after the Payments made to the Orders of the Trustees as herein-before directed, to the said addi-

tional Overseer, from Time to 'l ime as he shall have occasion to-pay the necefi’ary Expences attending,

the Poor belonging to the said Parish 1 and shall take Receipts from such additional Overseer for all

such Monies so paid, expressing in every such Receipt the Putpoles for which such Money is wanted;,

and such Receipts shall be a Discharge to such Treasurer or Treasurers in his or their Accounts with the

(aidPaiiih.

44 Accounts of the additional Overseer and Treasurer to be audited four Times in a Year at a General

4‘ Meeting, at which the Treasurer and Overseer shall produce their Accounts and Vouchers, Hating the

44 Number of Persons relieved and in the Workhouse; such Accounts to be printed for the Use of the In-

44 habitants, and verified by the said Overseer on Oath before a Justice. § 21.”

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such additional Overseer shall neglect

his Duty, be guilty of any Fraud or Embezzlement, or otherwise misbehave himself in his said Office, it

shall be lawful for the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish to call a Publick Meeting

of the Persons paying to the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish (qualified as' aforesaid) by giving Notice

in

