A

TABLE

OF THE

Public and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the thirty-ninth Year of the Reigft.

of GEORGE III.

\ . L

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

Anno Regni 39 Georgii III.

* A N Afl for settling and feeuring a certain Annuity on

Horatio Nelson Lord Nelson, and the two next Per-

fons to whom the Title of Baron Nelson of the Nile, and

of Burnham *Thorpe in the County of Norfolk, shall de-

feend, in Consideration of the eminent Service performed

by the said Horatio Nelson Lord Nelson, to His Majesty

and the Publick. Pag* 1

9. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty cer-

tain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for

the Service of the Year one thou fund seven hundred and

ninety-nine. Ibid.

3. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a

Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estate*, in Eng-

land, II ':les, and the T own of Berwick upon Tweed; and

certain Dufies on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for

the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred 2nd

ninety-nine. 2

4. An Act further to continue, until the Expiration of fix

Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of

Parliament, an A&, galled in the Session of Parliament

hoi den in the thirt^-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of H:s

present Majesty, Chapter Seventy, videlicet, on the sixth

Daycf Juneor.e thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven,

for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to

fcduce Persons serving in His Majesty’s Forces, by Sea or

39 Geo, III.

Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or

to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience. Page 11

5. An Act to continue, until the Expiration of one Month

after the Commencement of the next Session of Parlia-

ment, anAcS, passed in the last Session of Parliament,

Chapter Sixty-six, videlicet, on the twenty-first Day of

June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in-

tituled, /In Act for empowering His Mqjcjly for a Time and

to an Extent to be limited, to accept the Services of such

Parts of His Afilitia Forces in this Kingdom as may volun-

tarily offer themselves to be employed in [reland. Ibid.

6. An Act to enlarge the Time limited for the Redemption

of the Land Tax; and to explain and amend an AiSf,

made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act

for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase

in the Manner therein fated, the Jl veral Sums of Money

now charged in Great Britain at a Land Tax, for one Tear,

from the twenty fifth Day of March one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-eight _ Ibid.

7. An Act, for raising trie Sum of three Miilirnsby Way of

Annuities. ^ cz

8. An Act fir extending the Time allowed for taking out

Certificates for uting or wearing Armorial Bearings or

Enfgns, until tile fifteenth Day of February one thousand

seven himJred and ninety-nine. 23

9. An Act to continue, until the first Day of February one

thousand seven hundred an£ ninety-nine, an Afl, made in

the lull Session of Parliament, Chapter Seven, on the N

a 2 fecund

