Ill

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 44.

suspefied be first communicated to the Houie of which he is a Member, and the Consent of the said House

obtained for his Commitment or Detainer.

V. Provided nevertheless, That any Person or Persons in Prison at the Time of passing this Act, against Persons aralnft1

whom any Bill or Bills of Indictment for High Treason have been already found, shall and may be tried on whom India-

such Indictment, as if this Act had nev;er passed. ments for High Treason are already found, to be tried thereon*-

VI. And whereas divers Persons are now in Custody on Charges of High Treason, Sufpicionof High

Treason and treasonable Practices, under Warrants from one of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of

State, and who have been secured and detained in Custody under the Authority of the said recited Acts ;

and it ipay be highly important that such Persons as have been or shall be secured and detained on such

4 Charges under the Authority of the said recited Acts, or of this Act, should be kept wholly separate and

4 apart from each other, so as to prevent all Communication between them and with other Persons, except

4 such Communication as his Majesty may think fit to permit, and under such Restrictions as may be ad-

4 vifable; and it has been found by Experience to be very difficult to keep such Persons separate as aforesaid,

and to prevent such Communication as aforesaid, without (ending such Persons to different Places of Con-

4 finement; and Doubts may arise how far the Powers of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, to

4 change the Places <?f Confinement of Persons so committed extends; and it is expedient to provide that

the fame shall not be so exercised, as to deprive the Persons so committed of any Right to be tried or dif-

charged, which they might respectively have had, if their respective Places of Confinement had not been

4 changed Now, to obviate all Doubts and Difficulty in respect thereof, be it further enacted and de-

clared, That it shall be lawful for onepf his Majesty’s prircipal Secretaries of State, as he shall fee Occa-

lion, to older any Person committed to any Gaol or other Piifon on any Chaigeof High Treason, Suspicion

of High Treason, or treasonable Practices, either before or after Indictment found, to be conveyed to and

detained in any other Gaol 0/ other Prison, until die barged by due Course of Law, and to issue all Warrants

necessary for such Purposes: Provided always nevertheless. T hat no Person who shall be removed by any

such Warrant as aforesaid, shall be by Means of such Removal deprived of such Right to be tried or di(-

charged, as such Person would by Law have been entitled to if not so removed; and in every Cafe in which

any such Person would have been entitled to have beeh tried or discharged, if such Per(on had continued in

the Gaol or Prison to which such Person was before committed, it (nail be lawful for such Person to ap-

ply to be bailed or discharged in the same Manner as such Person might have done if such Person had remained

in the Gaol or Prison to which such Person was before committed as aforesaid.

VII. And whereas^in the present disturbed State of the Kingdom of Ireland, it has been found necessary

4 to (end divers Persons who had been committed to Prison in Ireland on Charges of HighTreason, Suspicion

4 of High Treason, or treasonable Practices, to Great Britain^ for safe Custody, and for the Purpose of pre-

4 venting improper Intercourse between such Persons and other Persons engaged or suspected of being en-

4 gaged in the like Treasons or treasonable Practices; and it may be found expedient to fend other Persons

4 to Great Britain under like Circumstances;’ be it enacted, That every Person who hath been sent to

Great Britain as aforesaid, before the passing of this Act, and every Person who, after the passing of this Act,

shall be sent to Great Britain to Me Custody, by order of the Lord Lieutenant, or Governor General, or

ttber Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland, and of fix or more of his Majesty’s Privy Council

of the said Kingdom, shall and may be detained in Custody in this Kingdom, in such Place of safe. Custody

as to his Majesty shall seem fit, provided such Person shall be charged with HighTreason, Suspicion of

HighTreason, or treasonable Practices, by Warrant under the Hand arid Seal of one of his Majesty’s prin-

cipal Secretaries of State: Provided always nevertheless, That no Person shall be detained as aforesaid, so

as to prevent the Trial or Discharge of such Person in due Course of Law, whenever such Person shall by

the Law of Ireland be entitled to such Trial or Discharge; but in all Cafes in which any Person so detained

would by the Law of Ireland, if in Custody^in that Kingdom, be entitled to be tried or discharged, it shall be

lawful for such Person to apply to the Court of King’s Bench in England, or to any Judge of that Court, or

to the Court of Judiciary in Scotland, or to any Judge of that Court, to be discharged; and if it shall ap-

pear to such Court or to such Judge that such Person, if in Custody in Ireland, would be entitled to be tried

or discharged, it shall be lawful for such Court or such Judge to order such Person to be discharged, or to be

sent to Ireland^ to be dealt with according to Law.

Any one of his

Majesty’s Se-

cretaries of

State may order

any Person

committed on

any Charge of

High Treason,

tec. to be con-

veyed from one

Prison to an*,

other.

Such Removal

not to deprive

any Person of

any Right to be.

tried or dif-

charged, Sec.

Persons charged1

With High

Treason, tec. by

Warrant of a

Principal Setre*

tary of State,

and sent from

Ireland to

Great Britain,

by Order of the.

Lord Lieute-

nant and of fix

Privy Coun-

fellors, may be

detained in Cuf*

tody in such

Place as his

Majesty shall,

think lit.

But when en--

titled by the

Law of Ireland

to be tried or

discharged, such»

Persons may

apply to the Court of King’s Bench in England, or Court c/Justiciary Tn Scotland, or ope of the Judges of those Courts, who shall order them to be

discharged, or sent to Ireland.

VIII. And whereas many Persons engaged in the late Rebellion in Ireland, and in other treasonable

4 Practices there, have fled from Ireland\ and are now in Great Britain; and other Persons may come from

4 Ireland to Great Britain under the like Circumstances; and it may be expedient, not only to arrest such

4 Persons, for the Purpose of fending them to Ireland to be tried for such Offences, but a Ho to secure and

4 detain such Persons in Great Britain until they can be properly sent to Ireland^ to be tried or discharged in.

4 due Course of Law be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for one of his Majesty’s principal Se-

ctaries of State, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order any Person who shall be in Custody upon*

any Charge of High Treason, Suspicion of HighTreason, or treasonable Practices,. done or committed in

Ireland, to be secured and detained in Great Britain, until such Person can be properly sent to Ireland^ to

be tried or discharged in due Course of Law: Provided always nevertheless. That no Person shall be de-

tained as aforesaid, Co as to prevent the Trial or Discharge of such Person in due Course of Law, whenever

such Person shall by the Law of Ireland be entitled to such Trial, or discharged; but in all Cafes in which

any Pcxfon so detained would by the Law of Irelandif in Custody in that Kingdom, be entitled to be tiied

ir

or

Oik of his Ma-

jesty’s Secre-

taries of State

may order any

Person in Cuf-

tody on a

Charge of High*

Treason, Sea.

committed in

Ireland, to be

detained in

Great Britain

until he can be

properly kntto>

lrUand, to be

tritd or dif*

charged: Apd

