A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III.

C. 8 2.

171

If the Family

does not belong

to the Par.fa,

the Tiealur: r

to the Comniif-

Relief, and of

Men hereafter

enrolled, orly

for one Child

born previous to

their Enrolment.

The Com-

missioners, 40

Days before the

Time of Service

of any Man is

expired, shall

iffuea Precept

for providing

another Man in

his Room.

not exceeding the said Rate of one Shilling and Sixpence per Week for each Child born in Wedlock, and

under the Age of ten Years, and not exceeding the said Rate of two Shillings per Week for the Wife of

such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, or Fifer, whether (he shall cnihallnot have any Child or Children, and

provided (he does not follow the Regiment; and in every Parish, Liberty, Tything, or Township, where

the Money arising by such Rates shall not be sufficient for such Purpose, a new Rate or Rates shall be made

for raising a Sum fufneient for that Purpose; and every such weekly Allowance shall be forthwith reim-

bursed to the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, or Overseer or Overseers of such Parish, Liberty, Ty thing,

or Township, by the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, on his or their producing and leaving with him a

Certificate of the Order of the Justice, allowing such Relief, which Certificate the said Justice is hereby re-

quired to grant accordingly. sioners shall reimburse the Allowance to such Parish.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Families of the Men, serving in the said Mi- £?milies of

litia, as shall not reside within the Q\ty of London^ or within the Distance of three Miles therefrom, shall not

be entitled to any Relief under the said Act of the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty* or CCrtain Limits

cf this Act; and that the Families of Persons hereafter to be enrolled to serve in the said Militia shall not not entitled to

"be entitled to such Relief for more than one Child born in Wedlock previous to the Time of the Enrol-

ment of such Persons respectively 5 and that no Order for the Relief of the Family of any Man serving in

the said Militia shall be valid and efteftual, unless Certificates of the Marriage and Baptifin (or of Marriage

only in the Cafe of a Wife) shall be annexed to such Order for Relief; any Thing in the last mentioned Act

contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, at their said Courts, shall, and they are

hereby required, forty Days at the least before the Time of Service of any Man or Men serving in the said

Militia shall be expired, to issue a Precept or Precepts tb the Alderman, Deputy, and Common Council

Men of the Ward of the said City for which such Man or Men shall be serving, requiring them to provide

another Manor Men in the Room of such Man or Men, whose Time of Service shall be so expiring; and

the Alderman or Deputy, and Common Council Men of such Ward, or the major Part of them, shall pro-

vide the Man, or the Number of them specified in such Precept or Precepts accordingly, in the fame Man-

ner, and under and subject to the same Rules and Regulations, and with the like Powers and Authorities as

are specified and contained in the said Act of the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for

the raising of Men to serve in the said Militia 5 and the Commanding Officer of each of the said Re-

giments is hereby empowered, from Time to Time, to discharge any Man or Men of his Regiment whose

Time of Service will expire within forty Days then next ensuing, and to receive any other Militia Man or

Men in his or their Room, who shall have taken the Oaths, and been enrolled according to the Directions

of the said Act.

XIII. Ahd be it further enacted, That if any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor shall, on Demand

made in pursuance of any Order of the Justices of the Peace for the said City, made at their General or

Starter Sessions for the Payment of any bum of Money, and after the producing of the said Order to him,

use or neglect to pay and satisfy the Sum or Sums of Money directed to be paid in or by such Order,

every such Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor shall be subject to the fame Penalty, and to be recovered

and applied in like Manner, as is directed by the said Act in Cafes where any Churchwarden or Overseer of

the Poor shall refiife to pay any Money directed to be paid by the Order of any Justice or Justices of the

Peace; and if any such Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor shall feci himself aggrieved determined by any such Or-

<ler of the said Justices of the Peace for the said City, made at their said General or Quarter Sessions, it shall

and may be lawful for such Person to appeal therefrom to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace

for the said City, in the like Manner as is directed by the said Act in Cafes of Appeal from the Order of

anyTuftice or Justices of the Peace.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if the Treasurer to the said Commissionerp fbal! at any Time re-

fuse to reimburse any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor of any Parish, Liberty, Township, or Tything

any Sum or Sums of Money paid by him in pursuance of any Order of any Justices of the Peace, for the

Relief of the Family of any of the Persons serving in the said Militia, such Persons not being allotted to any

Parish or Liberty, and not belonging to such Parish, Liberty, Township, or Tything, having, at the Time

the fame shall be demanded, Funds in his Hands applicable for that Purpose, the said Treasurer so refusing

shall for every such Refusal forfeit any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, to be recovered, by the Adjudica-

tion of the Lord Mayor, of other Magistrate of the said City, in like Manner as is directed by the said Act,

in Cafes where any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor shall refuse to pay any Money directed to be paid

by any Order of any Justice or Justices of the Peace.

XV. And whereas by virtue and under the Authority of the said Act of the thirteenth and fourteenth

4 Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, a Mutter Matter for the Purposes of

4 muttering the Trained Bands of the City of London, and examining their Arms and Accoutrements, had

4 always been appointed, which Office became unneocllary by the passing of the Act of the thirty-fourth Year

4 of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better ordering of the Militia of the City of London, and it is

4 just and reasonable that the Person who was Muster Master at the Time of the patting of the said last men-

4 tioned Act, should have some Indemnity in lieu of such Office as has been given to Mutter Matters of his

Majesty's Forces on their Offices being abolished;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

That Thomas Greggs -the Person who was Muster Master to the said Trained Blinds at the' Time of the

passing of the said lait mentioned Act, shall receive and be paid out of the said Proportion of one Montn’s

Tax as aforesaid, Che Sum of seventy-five Pounds yearly, for and during the Term of his natural Life, to

Z 2 be

Parish Officer*

refusing to pay

Money ordered

at the Sessions

fhfillbe liable to

Penalty; and if

they feel ag-

grieved, may

appeal to the

next Sessions.

tf the Treasurer

to the Com mif-

fi oners shall re.

fufc to reimburse

the Parish Of-

ficers Money

paid to any

Families not

belonging to the

Parish, he shall

forfeit not ex-

ceeding id.

Mr. Gregg, late

Muftci Mailer

of the Trained

Bands, to be

paid 751. yearly

out of the

Month’s Tax,

until apjx>in*ed

to fomc Office,

of eipul Value,

