A.D. 1800. Anno 39® & 40® Georgii III. cxvi. 525

and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled. and by the Authority of the

. fame,. That all the said Commons and Waste Lands in the said Parish of Yfceifing, and also all the said 10

Commons and Waste Lands in the said Parfth of Nannerch, except within the said Manor of Penbedw, c,ofc

shall be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and the said Commons and Waste Lands in the said Manor

of Penbedw shall be allotted and inclosed in Manner and under the Powers by this Act directed and or-

dained. ,

44 Commissioner and Surveyor appointed Their Oath. §2. For appointing new Commissioner, in case

44 ofDeath,§3. Noticeof Meetings to be given. §4.”

V. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor General of his Majesty’s Land Revenue for the Time Assistant Com-

being may and shall, from Time to Time and at any Time or Times hereafter, by Writing under his

Hand, dominate and appoint an Aftistant Commissioner to carry this Act into Execution, in so far as re- Qtawn.

lates to the Rights of the King’s Majesty, in, upon, over, and under the said Commons and Waste ’

Lands, with full Power for such Aftistant Commissioner (after taking the said Oath, which he shall take and

subscribeas herein-before directed*) to examine, enquire into, and admit or object to on the Part of his • §*•

Majesty, the Limits or Boundaries of the said Parishes respectively, and of the said respective Commons

and Waste Lands within the same, or any Part thereof, and every or any Claim or Claims, of what Nature

or Kind soever, within, over, under, or upon the fame Parishes, or either of them, or the said Commons

and Waste Lands, or any Part thereof respectively ; and also jointly with the said John Matthews f, or his +.[t,c Com•

Successors, to allot and set out the Portion or Portions of Ms Majesty of and in the said Commons and . j

Waste Lands respectively, in respect of his said Rights, Royalties, and Privileges ; and that no Allotment c 1

or Allotments to or for the Use of his Majesty shall be made or be effectual without the Concurrence and

Approbation in* Writing of such Aftistant Commissioner.

44 Allowance to Aftistant Commissioner, two Guineas a Day. § 6. Allotments for setting out Roads.

44 —25. Allotmentfor common Use for Stone. $ 26.”

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall set out and allot such and so many Allotment* for

of the Cottages and Encroachments erected and made within twenty Years, and such Parts of the said Labourers.

Commons and Waste Lands, as the said Commissioner shall think proper, not exceeding thirty Statute

Acres in the Whole in each of the said Parishes, for the Purpose of demifing, leafing, or letting out the

faijne to and for the Benefit and Comfort of the industrious and deserving poor Labourers of the said Parishes

respectively, for one or more Years, and upon such Conditions as the said Commissioner shall from Time to

Time direct.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall, in the next Place, allot and set Race Courfr.

out the Race Ground in the said Parish of Yfceifing, which is Part of the Race Ground called Holywell

Courje, to be kept open for a Race Course, in such Manner and under such Restrictions as a Majority

in Number and Value of the Proprietors, or of their known or authorized Agents, assembled at a Meet-

ing to be held for that Purpose, and the said Aftistant Commissioner, whose Concurrence must be obtained,

shall direct.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That after the said Roads, Ways, and other general or. publick Al- Allotments t*

Motments are set out, and before any other Allotment whatsoever shall be made or set out, the said Commis- hi* Majesty,

fioner shall, with the Concurrence and Approbation in Writing of the said Aftistant Commissioner, allot and

set out unto the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, such Part or Parts of the said Commons and

Waste Lands in the said Parishes of Yfceifing and Nannerchy exclusive of the Manor of Penbedwy as shall be

equal in Value to one Twentieth Part thereof, (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered,) in Lieu, Sa- /

tisfadtion, and Extinction of his Majesty’s Right and Interest in the Spil of the said Commons and Waste

Lands ; and then and thereafter the said Commissioner shall allot the Whole of the said Commons and tothoLordof

Waste Lands in the said Manor of Penbedwy unto the said IVatkin Williams, as Lord thereof, and Owner the Manor of

of all the inclosed Lands in the said Manor; and then and thereafter the said Commissioner shall allot and Pcnbcdw>

set out all the Remainder of the said Commons and Waste Lands in the said Parish of Yfceifing, to and among to the Frce-

the said Earl Grosvenor, Lord Grey de 'IViiton, Thomas Thomas, Thomas Mfilyn Edwards, John IVynne, holders.

David Pennant, Robert A'Jyddelton, and all other Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, who are entitled

to Right of Common upon the said Commons and Waste Lands of and in the said Parish of Yfceifing, ac-

cording to their respeClive Rights of Common, ratcibly and in due Proportion (Quantity, Quality, and

Situation considered) to the Value of their respective Messuages, Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments,

in respect whereof they are severally entitled to such Right of Common as aforesaid ; and the said Commis-

fioner shall also allot and set out the Remainder of the said Commons and Waste Lands in the said Parish

of Nannerch, to and among the said Wat kin Williams, Philip Yorke, Thomas Aloflyn Edwards, Robert

Myddelion, and all other Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, who are entitled to Right of Common upon

the said Commons and Waste Lands of and in the said Parish of Nannerch, according to their respective, v

Rights of Common, rateably and in due Proportion (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered) to the

Value of their respective Meft’uages, Tenements Lands, and Hereditaments, in respect whereof they are,

severally entitled to such Right of Common as aforesaid, such Value to be ascertained and fixed by the said.

Commissioner ; and the said Commissioner shall not, upon any Account, or under any Pretence, give any

undue Preference to any of the Parties interested in the said Divisions, in t^eir or any of their ADot-

chepts or Shares of the respective Remainders of the said Commons and Waste Lands, (exclusive of the

Allotments

