A.D. 1800. Anno 39° &' 40* Georgii III. £. x—xvii. 483

c< § 49> 5°- Two Justices of the Peace for KingJlcn-upon-Hully (not having acted as Commissioners in

u any Transadfion relative to the Matter in Dispute,) may heat* and determine Offences. $51. For

€* compelling* the Attendance of Witnesses. § $z. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions. 4

“ f 53. Proceedings for Penalties to be within six Months. § $4. Form of Conviction. § 55. Distress

u not to be deemed unlawful, nor Proceedings quaflied for Want of Form. § 56, 57.”

Limitation of

A£lion> fix

Months,

a I Days* Notice

to the Commis-

sioners* Clerk j

Tender of

Amends.

Venue,

General I floe.

LVIII. And be it further enacted. That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or

Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until twenty-one Days* Notice thereof (nail be first

given in Writing to the Treasurer orClerk to the said Commissioners, signed by the intended Plaintiff or

Plaintiffs, of the Cause and Intention of and for commencing such Action or Suit; norat any Time what-

soever after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved; nor

after six Calendar Months next after the Fadl committed, for which such Action or Suit shall be so

brought; and every such Action or Suit shall be laid and tried in the County of York, or in the said Town

and County of Kingston-upon-Hull, and not in any other County or Place ; and that the Defendant or

Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special

Matter in Evidence at any Trial which shall be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for which

such Action of Suit shall be so brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the

said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall happen that such Action or Suit was

brought before twenty-one Days* Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or

tendered as aforesaid j or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that

Purpose limited, or shall be said in any other County or Place than aforesaid, then the Jury ftydl find for

such Defendant or Defendants ; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit shall become nonsuited,

or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action, or if Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants

therein, then and in either of the Cafes aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs,

and shall have such Remedy for recovering the feme as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in any other Treble Costs.

Cafe by Law.

“ Publick AQ, § 59.”

Capr xi.

An Act for opening and making two new Streets in the City of Aberdeen. [4th April 1800.]

Cap. xii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Snmmerrods Bar, near the Town of Hexham, in the Aa^

County of Northumberlandy to the Town of Alflony in the County of Cumberland. [4th April 1800.] repealed J

[This Act to continue for twenty-one Years, &c. from June 3, 1800 J

Cap. xiii.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-third Year of

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty1, for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending the Roads from the Town

of Halifax, and from Sowerby Bridge, in the County of York, by Todmordeny to Burnley and Littlcboroughy c*48> *7Gco 3*

in the County of Lancaster. [4th April 1800.] c# 90 J

Cap. xiv.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Glenwheh, through Haltwhijlley Hexhamy and [FormerAil

Corbridgey to the Military Road near Shildon Bar ; and for making and repairing a Branch Road from x8 Geo. 3. c%

Corbridge aforesaid, to Heddon-on-tht-Wally all in the County of Northumberland. . [4th April 1800.] repealed. J

{This Act to continue for twenty-one Years, &c. from June 3, 1800.]

Cap. xv.

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Road from the Village of Magor

to the Bridge Foot in the Town of Chepjloiu in the County of Monmouth, and several other Roads in ^jA^xoCeat

the Counties of Monmouth, Gloucester, Hereford, and Brecon, to continue in Force for twenty-one Years,

fend from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. [4th April 1800.J repaled.]

Cap. xvi.

An Act for amending, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike

Road in Witney to the Turnpike Road on Swerford.Heathy and also the Road leading from the Turn-

pike Road from Woodstock to Birmingham, through Charlbury, to the Turnpike Road from Chipping

Norton to Burfordy all in the County of Oxford. [4th April 1800.]

[Tocohtinue for twenty^one Years,&c. from May 1, 1800.]

Cap. xvii.

An Act for making and repairing the Road from the Town of Stonehaveny through the Slug-mounty to the

new Bridge over the River >Dec at Cobleheughy in the County of Kincardine. [24th April 1800.J

[To continue for tyventy-one Years, See. from the fourth Monday after the passing thereof.J

