THE

\

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III, Quadragelimo Primo.

c , AT the Parliament b:gun and holder) at TVeflmhifter, the twelfth Day of July, Anno Domini one thoti-

c sand (even hundred and ninety-six, in the thirty -sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord

€ XX G EO R G E the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland King,

* Defender of the Faith, ifc. '

€ And from thence continued, by fevera! Prorogations, to the eleventh Day of November 1800 ; being the

* fifth Session of the Eighteenth Parliament of Great Britain.*

CAP. I.

AtiA&to prohibit, until the first Day of November one thousand eight hundred and

one, the. Exportation of Rice j and to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned

in preventing the Exportation thereof, or in the Nonperformance of any Contracts and

Agreements that shall not have been performed in consequence thereof.

[24th November 1800.]

* TT /HEREAS it is expedient that the Exportation of Rice should be prevented for a limited

« y V Time;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, NaPerfbn shall

and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons what- Rice

ever shall, directly or indirectly, export, carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, carried, or board anyVcf-

conveyed out of or from any Port or Place of this Kingdom, or shall load or lay on board, or cause or pro'- fel for that

cure to be laden or laid on board, in any Ship or other Veil'd or Boat, any Rice, in order to be exported, Purpofo.-

carried, or conveyed out of any such Port or Place.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Rice which shall be so exported, carried, or conveyed, or be laden R;Ceexported, '

or laid on board in any Ship or other Vefiel or Boat, in order to be exported, carried, or conveyed out of this ©rput ©n board

Kingdom contrary to this Act, shall be forfeited ; and that every Offender therein shall forfeit also the Sum for that Pur-

of Sixpence for ever^Pound Weight of such Rice which shall he so exported, carried, or conveyed, * or so ^la]1

laden or laid on board in any Ship or other Veil'd or Boat, in order to be exported, carried, or conveyed

out of this Kingdom; and alfe the Ship, Vefiel or Boat, wherein the fame shall be exported, or in or /hall forfeit 6a\

upon which Ihe fame shall be laden or laid on board in order to be exported, together with her Guns, per lb. for such

Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited, and the. fame respectively, and each and Rice> and the

every Part thereof, may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs: Provided always, That bc^f’Jf c‘ ma*

nothing in this Ac! contained shall extend, or be conflrucd to extend, to any such Qoantitv of Rice as shall £ eJf^c*

be necessary to be carried in any Ship or other Vefiel to be used for or towards the Sufferance, Diet, and extend*toice

Support of the Commander, Mailer, Mariners, and Passengers on the Voyage; nor fhi.il any of the Pro- for Detoi^a

visions of this Act be construed to extend to prohibit the carrying of Rice Coailwhe, or from one Port or Voyage, nor

Place in Great Britain to another Port or Place in Great Britain, according to the Regulations prescribed Rice carried

by an Act pall'd in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his prdent Majesty, intituled, an Act for the .^d^rT^to *C~

He lief of the Coast Trade of Great Britain : for exempting certain Coajl Documents from Stamp Duties ; for Geo.

abolijhing the Bond, usually called the I fie of Man Bond ; and for permitting Corn and Grain brought Goaf:- c. 50.

wife to be transflApped into Lighters for the Purfofe of being carried through the Canal from the Forth to the

Clyde; and in like Manner as the fame might have been carried Coastwise before the passing of this

Ad.

41 Geo. III. 3 Z III. Pro-

Goog

