A.D. 1799c Atino 390 & 40® Georgii III. C. 7, 8. 277

Spirits, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and in every such Cafe, upon Oath made Wheat, &c. are

by such Officer or Officers, or other Person or persons, before one or more Justice or Tuftices of the Peace &c#

residing near the Place where such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, shall susped the fame to officerTand

be Jaidand kept, setting forth the Ground of his or their Suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for other Persons

the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons shall may be autho-

make Oath as aforesaid, (if he or they shall judge it reasonable,) by special Warrant under his or their re- *;ircd to fearcii

spective Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons Sur-

authorized as aforesaid, by Day or by Night, (but if in the Ni^ht, then in the Presence of a Constableor pjus. and the

other lawful Officer of the Peace,) to enter into all and every btorehouse, Warehouse, Granary, or other Persons in

Place or Places, where he or they shall so susped that any Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Wheat Flour, ex- whoseCurtody

ceeding the Quantity of five Quarters as aforesaid, shall be laid or kept, belonging to any such Distiller or fh?11

Distillers, Maker or Makers, of Low Wines or Spirits, and to seize, take, and carry away all such Wheat, 0^° *per

Wheat Meal, and Flour, as he or they shall so find, (over and above the said Quantity of five Quarters,)

together with all the Vessels, Sacks, Bags, or other Things wherein the fame shall be contained ; and such

Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers, of Low Wines or Spirits, or the Person or Persons in whose

Custody or Possession such Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Flour, belonging to such Distiller or Distillers, Maker

or Makers, shall be found, shall for every such Offence respectively forfeit and pay the said Penalty of ten

Pounds for every Quarter exceeding the said Quantity of five Quarters; and the said Officer or Officers, Doors may be

and other Person or Persons, is or are hereby empowered by such Warrant, together with such other Person brokenopen.

or Persons as he or they shall take to his or their Assistance, to enter such Storehouses, Warehouses, Gra-

naries, and other Place or Places, and break open the Doors thereof in case they be not forthwith opened

•n Demand.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed by this Act, shall be Recovery and

(ued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Application of

Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Lxcise, or by Action Penalties-

of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and that one Moiety of

every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other

Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XI. 4 And whereas there may have been Contracts made by Distillers, with several Persons, for Spirits, Contrafts for

• Grains, or Yeast, to be delivered and received at future Times after the twentieth Day of October one Delivery of

• thousand (even hundred and ninety-ninebe it therefore enacted, That all Contracts or Bargains made

"by any Distiller or Distillers, with any Person or Persons whatsoever, for any Spirits, Grains, or Yeast, void?0*

to be delivered at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, shall be and are hereby declared to be null 9

and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XII. And be it further enacted. That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Limitation of1

Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such AdVion or Suit shall be commenced within the Actions.

Space of one Calendar Month next after the Offence shall be committed, and the Court before whom such

Action or Suit shall be brought shall allow the Defender to plead this Act on his Defence, and if the Pursuer Aamay be

fha)l not insist on his Action, or if Judgment shall be given against such Pursuer, the Defender shall and may pleaded, and

recover the full and real Expences he may have been put to by any such Action or Suit. ^cov^Ex™*'

44 Commissioners of Excise to make an Allowance of the Duties on Stills, for the Time they are forbid to pences.

u work. § 13. His Majesty may authorize the making of Spirits from Grain, at any Time

f4 after Oft* 20, 1799% § 14. [as under 35 Geo. 2. r. 119. $11, 12.]”

CAP. VIII.

An Act for reducing, until the first Day o(June one thousand eight hundred, the Duties

upon* Spirits distilled from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith; for prohi-

biting the Distillationof Spirits from Wheat or Wheat Flour; and for reducing, until:

the twentieth Day of September one thousand eight hundred, and better collecting the

Duties payable on the Importation of Starch.—[12th October 1799.]

4 TT WHEREAS it is expedient that a certain Proportion of the Duties of Excise now payable upon

4 VV Wort or Wafll brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, from Melasses or

4 Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extrading Spirits for Home Consumption, should be reduced for a

c limited 'Time :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several

and respective Proportions following of the several Duties of Excise herein-after mentioned, granted and

imposed by the several and respective Acts herein-after mentioned, upon any Wort or Wash brewed or

made in that Part of Great Britain called England, from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith;

that is to say. Two-pence three Farthings of the Duty of Eight-pence three Farthings, granted by an Act

Passed in the* twenty-seventh Year of his .present Majesty*s Reign; one Halfpenny of the Duty of one

enny Halfpenny, granted by an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

made perpetual by an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty ; one Half-

penny of the Duty of one Penny Halfpenny, granted by an Act paired in the thirty-fourth Year of the

Reign

Certain Propor-

tions of. the

Duties upon

Spirits dilliHed

from Metallic*

or Sugar in

England, dif-

contmued until

Jum 1, 1800,

[until July l,

1801.

Pc/?, c. 61.3

