380 C. 72.'

Anno 39* & 40° Georgii III.

A.D. i8oov

rot proceed

upon her Voy-

age, or upon

Cords that shall

rot have been

Clipped, &c.

the Commis-

fi oners may

cancel the Poli-

cies. [&e§io

cf 35 Oeo. 3,

s. 63.]

Policies of In-

furance Camped

according to the

Provisions of

Atts prior to

the last recited

A&, and Poli-

cies Camped ac-

cording to re-

cited Act; not

carried to be

cancelled within

the Period

thereby pre-

ferred,

K8.] may be

cancelled by the

Commissioners.

Putics granted

by 37 Geo. 3.

c. m.

fh ill extend

to every 'eed

which by Law

may Ibrm, or is

inn r*<Jtd to

fr^rm, a Part of

any Conveyance

©t Land-, &z.

tvurtby agreat-

4 exceed the Interest of the Assured in any such Policy, should be farther extended Be it farther

enacted. That from and after the patting of this Adl, in case any Insurance shall have been maJe on any

Ship, that is to say, or> the Body, Tackle, Apparel, Ordnance, Munition, Artillery, Boat, and other

Furniture thereof, or upon the Freight of any Ship, or in case any Insurance shall be made on any Goods,

Merchandizes, or other EfFedls laden or to be laden on board of any Ship or Ships, whether such Ship or

Ships shall be specifically named in such Policy or not, and it shall happen that any such Ship so insured

as aforesaid, shall not have proceeded upon the Voyage insured, or that any Goods, Merchandizes, or

other Effects fojnfured as aforesaid have not been shipped on board any Ship or Ships, whether specifically

nsmed in the Policy or not, or in case of any Insurance made on any Ship or on any Freight, or on ant

Goods, Merchandizes, or other Effects, the Sum insured shall be found to exceed the Interest of the Af-

sured on which the Risk attached, and in cale the separate Interest of one Person, or the joint Interest of

two or more Persons assured in such Policy, shall fall short of the Sum insured on such Account by the

Sum of one thousand Pounds or upwards, where the Duty payable thereon shall be at and after the Rate

of one Shilling and three Pence per Centum, or of five hundred Pounds and upwards, when the Duty pay-

able thereon shall be at and after the Rate of two Shillings and Sixpence per Centum, then and in every

such Cafe as aforesaid, upon due Proof on Oath or Affirmation to the Satisfaction of the said Commil-

sioners, or any one of them, that any such Ship hath not proceeded upon the Voyage insured, or that any.

such Goods, Merchandizes, or other Effects aforesaid, have not been shipped on board any Ship or Ships,

whether specifically named or not, and that no Risk hath, in either of such Cafes, attached, or on such

due Proof as aforesaid of the Value of the Interest, if any, assured in any such Ship, Freight, Goods,

Merchandizes, or other Effects as aforesaid, on which any Risk has attached, and on the Production of

the Policy whereby such Insurance was made, and also on such due Proof as aforesaid being made of the

bona fide Return of the Premiums by the several Underwriters or Insurers on such Policy, on Account

only of such no Risk, no Interest, or short Interest, as the Cafe may be, or of the Proportion of the Pre-

mium so returned on any such Account as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to make

an Allowance to the Assured or Affureds of the Stamps on any such Policies, in respect of the Sums there-

by insured, when the Whole of the Premiums shall have been returned on any such Account as aforesaid, '

or of such Part of the Sums thereby insured as shall be found to exceed the Interest of the Assured or

Affureds in any such Policy ; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to cancel

any such Policies, and to deliver other stamped Papers or Parchment of the Value of the Stamps so al-

lowed as aforesaid, in the Manner in the said Act directed with respect to Policies brought to be cancelled;

Provided always. That no such Allowance shall be made as aforesaid, in any Cafe where the Interest of

the Assured or Affureds in any such Ship, or in any such Freight, or on any such Goods, Merchandizes,

or other Effects, shall be valued in or by any such Policy so brought to be cancelled as aforesaid.

XII. 4 And whereas divers Persons have in their Possession certain Policies of Insurance stamped in pur-

1 fuaince of certain Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of the said recited

1 Act, and which Policies-of Insurance were, and are, by the said last recited Act, rendered useless and of

6 no Value whatever to the Persons possessing the fame: And whereas also divers Persons have in their

1 Possession many Policies of Insurance spoiled, obliterated, or rendered unfit for Use, and allowed, accord-

1 ing to the Provisions of the said recited Act, to be cancelled ; but in as much as the fame, through Inad-

4 vertence and undcfignedly have not been carried or sent to be cancelled within the Period by the said

4 recited Act prescribed, the Commissioners of Stamps are not, by the said Act, authorized to cancel such

* Policies, or allowed Stamps to the Amount of the Value thereof: And whereas it is expedient that the

4 said Commissioners should be empowered to cancel the said stamped Policies, and to provide other

4 Policies, stamped according to the Provisions of the said last recited Act :* Be it therefore enabled. That on

the Production to the said Commissioners of any Policies of Insurance, stamped according to the Provisions

of any Act or Acts passed prior to the said last recited Act, or of any such Policies of Assurance stamped

in pursuance of the said last recited Act, that shall not have been carried or sent to be cancelled within the

Period by the said Act prescribed, and on due Proof made to the said Commissioners, in the Manner in the

said last recited Act prescribed, with respect to Policies of Insurance brought to be cancelled, that such

damped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, whereon any such Policy hath been written or printed, hath not

been subscribed or underwritten by any Person or Persons, or used for any other Purpose or in any other

Manner whatsoever, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to cancel

the fame; and to (lamp, or cause to be stamped, for the use of the Person or Persons producing the fame,

any Quantity of other Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, fit for the like Uses, with Stamps amounting to the

like Value, and to mark the Date and Time of the Delivery thereof, in Manner in the said last recited

Act prescribed, without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly, for the fame, any Sum or Sums of

Money, or other Consideration whatsoever.

XIII. 4 And whereas, by an Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majiffy,

4 certain Leaks of Lands or Tenements of small Value for a Term not exceeding twenty-one Years, are

4 exempted from the Duties granted on Deeds by the said Act, and Doubts have arisen on the Conilruc-

4 tion thereof ;* be it further enacted. That the said Duties granted by the said last recited Act shall be

constru'.d to extend to every Deed which-by Law may form, or is intended to form, a Part of any Con-

veyance of Lands or Tenements, whereby a greater Interest in the fame shall be conveyed than a Term

ot twenty-one Years, whatever may be the Value thereof; any Thing in the said Act contained to the

contrary thereof notwithstanding; Provided always. That where, by reasonofany such Doubt, any Vellum,

Parchment, or Paper, upon which any such Deed as aforesaid shall have been engrossed, written, or primed,

shall not have been duly damped according to the Privisions of the said last recited Act, then and in

such

