{3Q

Giving Power

of Dirt refs for

Sums awarded

for Damn je dene

to the King’s

Lands.

For.choosing

oilier Arbitra-

tors in the

Kcom cf those

dying; or de-

clining to act,

&c.

For inverting

Money in the

Funds, to fe

awarded lor

permanent or

continuing In-

jury to the

King’s Lands.

The Valuation

and Taxation of

each Parish

fi/ncd by the

Commifli oners,

shall be lodg d

in the rifpcdtive

Vestry Rooms,

for the Infptc-

tion of Parties

intcrciled.

A Copy of the

Pi rn, and cer-

tain Extracts

relative to his

Maj lty’s bards

fii a a l^c dep fit-

H in the Duchy

Ulf*ce.

C cxvrii. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Sum or Sums of Money shall be*

awarded by the said Arbitrators, to be paid by the said Directors out of the Monies to be raised under the

Authority of this Act to the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or his or their Lessee or Lessees, and if

the said Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, shall be behind and unpaid by the Space of twenty

Days next after any of the Days appointed by the said Arbitrators, and Umpire, or Assistance, or any two of

them, for the Payment thereof, then and in every such Cafe, and so often as it shall (o hapv?n, it dull and

may be lawful to and for the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or his or their Lessee or Lessees, to

whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be due and unpaid, to enter into and dill rain upon any Past of the

Lands so as aforesaid to be specified in the said three Maps or Plans, as Lands to be drained by virtue of this

Act, all which said Lands are hereby made chargeable with and liable to the Payment of all such Sum and

Sums of Money, and the Distress and Distrefies then and there found, to dispose of according to Law, as ia

case of Rents reserved upon common Demises or Leales for Yeais, to the Intent that thereby or therewith

all such Sum and Sums of Money, and all Cefts, Charges, and Expences occasioned by the Non-payment

thereof respectively, at the Time or l imes aforesaid, may be fully paid and satisfied: Provided nevertheless,

That all Monies so to be distrained shall be repaid by the said Directors, out of the Monies to be raised undee

the Authority of this Act, to the Person or Persons whole Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained as

aforesaid: Provided also, That in Cafe any Distress or Distrefies taken under the Authority of this Act shall,

at any Time be replevied, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Party distraining, to avow generally that

he took or nude such Distress for a Rent due under and by. virtue of this Act, without specially making

Title thereto; and if Judgment shall pass or be given against the Plaintiff, or for the Defendant in such

Replevin, then the said Defendant {hall recover his or her Double Costs in such Suit against the Plaintiff,

XLIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case of, and so often as it shall happen that any

or either of the said Arbitrators, so named or appointed as aforesaid, shall die, decline, or refuse to act, or

become incapable of acting in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities hereby given or to be given, of

committed to them as aforesaid, then and so often as the Cafe shall happen it shall and may be lawful for the

King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or his or their Lessee or Lessees, and also for the said Directors who

had so nominated or appointed the Arbitrator so dying, declining, or refilling, to act, or becoming incapable

of acting in the Premiles as aforesaid, to nominate and appoint another Arbitrator to act in the Premises, in

the Room and Place of the Arbitrator so dying, declining, or refusing or becoming incapable to act in the

Premises as aforesaid, which Person or Persons so nominated or appointed as last aforesaid, shall have all and

singular the like Powers and Authorities in the Premises so to be referred as aforesaid, as the Person or Persons

in whole Room or Place he or they shall be so nominated and appointed as aforesaid, would otherwise have had.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That when any Sum or Sums of Money shall be found or adjudged

due to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, for the Purchase of any Lands or Tenements, or as a Ke-

compence or Satisfaction for any Injury which may happen to arise to any Lands or Tenements belonging

to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by reason of the Execution of the Powers of this Act, ex-

cept for such Damages as shall be sustained by the Tenant or Occupier by any Injury done to his Crops,

diltindt from any permanent or continuing Injury done to the Estate, then and so often such Sum and Sums

of Money shall be laid out and Inverted in the 'Phiqc per Centum Consolidated Bank or Reduced Annuities,

in the Name of tht^Receiver General of the Duchy of Lancaster for the Time being, for the Ufeofthe

King’s Majesty, his fleirs and Successors, and the Dividends and Produce thereof shall be paid to the Lessee

or Lessees of such Lands or Tenements so taken, used, or damaged, during their respective Interests therein,

.and after the Expiration or other Termination of their laid Interest, to the only proper Use or Behoof of the

King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in such Way as shall be directed by any Order of the Chancellor and

Council of the said Duchy for the Time being.

'* When the Drainage is completed the Linds shall be again valued ( fee ante, §11, 12.) by the Commis-

<c sioners; and such second Valuation also inserted on the Plans. § 64. On such second Valuation the Commis*

sioners shall, by an Instrument in Writing, assess all the Lands in Proportion to their improved Value;

<c three Parts of such Instrument shall be ingossed andiigned by the Commissioners, and each Part shall have

cc one of the said Maps annexed to it. Two Parts ol such Instrument shall be lodged in the Records of the

Ci Quarter Sections for the East and North Ridings, and the third Part be kept by the Directors as a Prcce-

M dent for future Taxations. § 65.”

LX VI. And be it further en iCted, That for the greater Convenience of the Proprietors of the Lands to

be drained by virtue of this Act, so much of the said Instrument, and of the Mapor Plan annexed thereto, as

shall relate to each of the separate and distindt Parishes, Townships, or Places mentioned in this Act, shall

be copied upon Parchment, and be signed by the said Commissioners and be severally lodged in the respedi-

ive Veftr.y Rooms of the said several Parishes respectively, which said several Copies under the Hands of the

said Commissioners shall, so far as shall relate to each such Parish, Township, or Place respectively, be

allowed as Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity, and the respective Churchwardens of the said respect-

ive Parisht6 shall permit and futfer any Person whomsoever, from lime to Time and at all reason able Times,

toperufe and inspedt such Copy, such Person paying for every such Perusal Sixpence, and no more.

LX VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a true Copy of the Map or Plan shall be made

and verified as herein-before directed, and shall be then deposited in the Office of the Clerk of the Council of

the said Du, by of Lancaster, signed by the said Directors, within Fourteen Days after the Verification of

such Map or Rian; and that Duplicates of such Parts of the several Extradts of the Jnftrurtients herein-before

directed, so far as relates to the Lands of the King's Majesty, within the several Parishes of Ebberjlsny

Bran} ton^ and Snainton, which are therein-before directed to be lodged in the Vestry Rooms of the lame

several Panthes, Dull also be deposited in the Office of the said Clcik of the Council of the said Duchy.

13 LXXII. And

