5.7°

ftU any fthfr

Sort ot bread at

any higrher

Price than the

Wheaten of

c lirrfi Sort

allowed shall

fell for, on

like Penalty

for every Peck

Loa*.

After pnffing

this AQ. any

Person may

make and sell

Loaves made

of the whole

Produce of the

Wheat or

mixed with

Barley, &c.

provided the

Price shall not

exceed that oi

the Wheaten

Bread upon

which a Price

&a!i be fct*

Persons making

Wheaten Bread

of an inferior

Quality, or

mixed, shall

mark the fame.

Penalty for

not marking

ibeb. Bread, or

nbt well puk-

ing or adulte-

fating.Bread,

•r making

loaves defi-

cient ia

Weighs.

Powers or

Affs in

force relat-

ing to making

Ptfoms of

Meal, setting

an AlBze,

weighing»

Bread or

• searching for

adulterating

Ingredients, to

56 Geo. 3.

c. aa. repealed.

The Lord

Mayor, any

Alderman of

the City, and

any Justice

..Within their

tefpetfiwe Ju-

rtfdiftions,

may determine

in a fummMfy

W.y, Offences

against this

Att; and if

Penahic* be

not paid) may

grant War-

rants for

levying them

C. 16. Anno  quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800;

by this Act to be dreffrd or manufactured, shall be ascertained or set in any Gty, Borough, Town, or

Place, or District, of any County, Riding, Shire, or Stewartry, no Person shall make for Sale, or fell or

expose to Sale, any other Sort or Description of Bread, whether Wheaten or mixed, at any higher Price,

or at any higher Rate per Pound, or for any other Quantity, than the Wheaten Bread of the finest Sort

or Description aforesaid shall at the fame Time fell for in the same Place, in which (or where no such

Bread shall be fold in the (jmne Place, then in the nearest adjoining Place to the Place in which) any Kind

of Bread of such other Quality shall be made for Sale, or fold, or exposed to Sale ; and if any Penon or

Persons shall offend therein, he, she, or they shall forfeit, for every Peck Loaf fold contrary to the Provisions

herein before contained, a Sum not exceeding five Pounds nor less than ten Shillings, and foin proportion

for every smaller Quantity.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any

Person or Persons whatever, in any Place whatever, and whether any Assize or Price of Bread shall be set

in such Place or not, to make, bake, fell, and expose to Sale, Peck Loaves, Half Peck Loaves, Quartern

Loavqs, and Half Quartern Loaves, made of Wheaten Meal or Flour of the whole Produce of the Wheat,

. or with the Bran only, or the Bran and Pollards, or any Proportion of the Bran and Pollards, df any

other Part of the Produce of such Wheat, taken therefrom, or made of any Sort of Wheaten Meal or Flour

mixed with the Meal or flour of Barley, Rye, Oats, Buck Wheat, Indian Corn, Pease, Beans, Rice,or any

other Corn, Grain, or Pulse whatever, or with Potatoes, in such Proportions as he, (he,or they shall deem pro-

per, and at any Price at which any Person may be willing to purchase the fame ; provided that such Price shall

not in any Cafe exceed the Price of the Wheaten Bread upon which an Assize or Price shall be set in pursuance

of any Act or Acts of Parliament, or this Act, in the Place where such other Wheaten or mixed Bread shall be

made or fold, or exposed to Sale, under this Act as aforesaid j any Act or Acts, or Law, Custom, or Usage,

to the contrary notwiihstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted. That every Person who shall make or bake any such Wheaten Bread

made of any Meal or Flour of an inferior Quality to the finest Sort or Description of Flour allowed by this

Act to be manufactGred, or mixed Bread, shall imprint and disttnftly mark upon every Loaf of such last-

mentioned Wheaten Bread, a large Roman H. and upon every Loaf of such mixed Bread a large Ro-

man M.

. X. And be it further enacted. That if any Person or Persons shall omit to imprint or disttnftly mark

any such Wheaten or mixed Bread, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, or shall not well make any such

Wheaten or mixed Bread, or any Bread made in pursuance of this Act, or shall adulterate the fame with

any Mixture or Ingredient not allowed to be used in the making of Bread, or shall make or bake for Sale,

or sell or expose to Sale any such Peck Loaves, Half Peck Loaves, Quartern Loaves, or Half Quartern

Loaves, or any other Loaves, deficient in Weight, according to the Assize of Loaves of such Denominations,

respectively contained in any Act or Acts in force relating to the Assize and Price of Bread* or according to

any Assize that shall be set in pursuance of any such Act or Acts; all and every Person and Person* of-

fending therein, shall be liable to the fame or the like Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Pttnifliment, as any

Bakers or Makers of Bread for Sale are liable to for any the like or fimiiar Misdemeanora, Offences, orNc-

glefts, in making, felling, or exposing to or for Sale, any Bread. ’ ’-

XI. And be it further enacted. That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations,

Clauses, Matters, and Things, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in any Act-or Acts now in tore* con-

tained, relating to the making any Returns of Meal and Flour, and to (etting and ascertaining any Assize

or Price of Bread, and also to the weighing any Bread made for Sale or exposed 16 Sate, or searching for

any Ingredient wherewith any Meal, Flour, or Bread may be adulterated, that are not altered or repealed

or contrary to, the Provisions of this Act, shall be, and are hereby extended and made applicable to, and

shall be applied in the enforcing of the Provisions of this Act, in as full and ample a Manner as if the feme

had been severally and separately re-enacted in this Act.

extend to tbl* A&.

XII. And be it further enacted. That an Act made in the thirty-sixth Year of the: Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An Act to permit Bakers to make andfell certain Sorts of Bread, shall be, and the same is

hereby repealed.

XIII. 4 And, for the better and more easy Recovery of the several Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred

4 by Disobedience to this Act, and the Powers herein contained, and disposing of the Money which shall be

4 forfeited by Breach or Non-observance of any Part of this AftBe it further enacted. That it shall and

may be lawful to and for the Lord Mayor of the City of London for the Time being, or any Aldermen of

the said City, within the said City or Liberties thereof, and to and for any other of his Majesty’s Justices of

the Peace or Magistrates, or any one of them, within theif respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities,

Towns Corporate, Boroughs, Liberties, or Jurisdictions,(jo hear and determine, in a summary Way, all Of-

fences committed against the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and for that Purpose to summon before them,

or anylof them, within their respective Jurisdictions, any Pa>ty or Parties accused of being an Offender or Of-

fenders against the true Intent and Meaning of this Act ; and in case the Party accused shall not appear on such

Summons, or offer some reasonable Excuse for his Default* then, upon Oath by any credible Witnefsofiny

Offence committed contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this AS, any such Magistrate or Magistrates

Justice or Justice^ dial! issue his or their Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Offender or Offen-

ders within the Jarifoiftion of any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices \ and upon the Ap-

pearance

