A. D. 1799. Anno triceflmo nono Georgii III. C, lxix. 229

making and keeping at all Times, in substantial Repair, the said Draw Bridges and Swivel Bridges so to be

made and maintained, and shall be further liable to pay the Costs of every such Prosecution, upon Con-

vi<ftion, in case it shall be proved, upon Oath, that the Surveyors of the Highways shall have made a Re-

qaifition, in Writing, for such Repairs, thirty Days previous to the Commencement of such Prosecution.

“ Power to build on,*stop up, or inclose. Parts of Streets, and also Courts, Alleys, &c. and to fell or let the

“ Ground. $ 8. Power to dig for Gravel, to repair Works damaged by Floods. $ 9. Power to scour

“ the Canal, £sV. Remove Wrecks, at the Charge of the Owners. § 10. Power to cleanse adjoining

“ Watercourses, at the Land Owner’s Expence. § 11. The Common Council in making the said Works

are not to prejudice or obstruct the Works of the West India Dock Company after mentioned. (See § 38.)

M —§ is. Houses or Buildings (except Sewers and Bridges) are not to be taken, altered, We. till paid for,

M and fix Month’s Notice given to Tenants at Will or Lefties for a Year. (See § 28.)—§ 13.”

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons,

in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby empowered for the Purposes in this Act mentioned, to

treat and agree with the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and other Persons interested therein, for the Pur-

chafe of all such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of what Nature or Kind soever,

in or near the Hamlet of Poplar and Blackwall^ and Parish of Stebonheath, otherwise Stepney aforesaid, and in

the Parish of Saint Ann, Limehouse, in the said County of Middlesex^ as they or the said West India Dock Com-

pany, shall judge necessary to be purchased, employed, taken down, removed, altered, or made use of in and

about the Works or Concerns of the said Canal, Docks, Basons, Cuts, Sluices, Quays, or Wharfs, Ware-

houses, and other Works, by this Act authorized to be made, as herein is mentions, or any of them, or en-

larging or improving the same respectively, so as the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Here-

ditaments so to be treated or agreed for, or purchased, shall berespectively situated, or shall arise or be within

the Boundary Line or Limits next herein-after described ; (that is to say,) within a Boundary Line

formed by ana coinciding with the Bank or Shore of the River Thames^ from the South Weft Corner of the

Dock Yard and Premises at Blackwall, belonging to and in the Occupation of John Perry, along the said

River upwards, according to the circuitous CourTe thereof, round and including the East, South, and Weft

Sides of the said Isle of Dogs, up to the North Weft Corner of a Dock called The Lime Kiln Dock, at or

near Limehouse Hole aforesaid, and from thence extending Eastward along the North Weft Side of and in-

cluding the fame Lime Kiln Dock, as far as the North haft Corner thereof, and from thence extending

Eastwaid along the North Brink or Side of and including the Common Sewer there, as far as the North Ealt

Corner of a Field belonging foand now in the Occupation of Thomas Drain, and from thence turning South-

ward along and including a Drain at the East End of the said Field, as far as the South Weft Extremity of

the Gardens or Garden Grounds lying on the East Side of the fame last-mentioned Drain, and then turning

Eastward across a Way or Passage there, called Dingle*s Lane, and along the North Side of a Field belonging

to and in the Occupation of William Shelton, up to a Road called Gut Lane, and then returning Southward

along the Eift Side of the said Road, as far as the North Weft Corner of a Field belonging to and in the

Occupation of JViiliam Newby ; and from thence extending Eastward along the North Side of the fame Field,

and along the Backs or South Boundaries of the Gardens belonging to the Houses there (landing on the

South Side of the Street called Poplar Street^ far as the North End of the Rope Manufactory, called\ Perry's

Rope Grounds, situated on the Weft Side of the Street called Blackwall causeway, and continuing Eastward.

along the North End of, and including the said Rope Grounds, to the North East Corner thereof, and

continuing further Eastward in the fame Line across a Row of Sheds, or other Buildings there, into the said

Street, and from thence returning Southward along the Weft Side of Blackwall causeway aforesaid, as far as

such Place or Spot on the said Weft Side as is opposite to the North Weft Corner of a MefTuageand Premises

on the East Side of the said Street or Cauleway, in the Occupation of Edward Douncc, and then crofting the

said Street or causeway at right Angles, and going Eastward along the North End or Boundary of the last

mentioned Messuage and Premises, to the North East Corner thereof, and then returning Southward along,

the Backs or East Boundaries of and including the Messuages and Premises there, in the respective Occupa-

tions of EdwardDounce and Thomas Berry, and then returning Eastward along the North Side, and up to the

North East Corner of the Messuage and Premises in the Occupation of Richard Beefom, and then turning ,

and proceeding Southward in a direct Line to the South East Corner of the Messuage and Premises in the Oc-

cupation of Robert Jackson, and from thence continuing Southward in a direct Line to the North East

Coiner of the Warehouses belonging to and in the Occupation of Captain PelUy, and from thence continu-

ing Southward along the Backs or East Boundaries of the fame Warehouses and Premises down to the adjoin-

ing Wharf and Premises, belonging to and in the Occupation of Thomas Nnvtc, and then turning Eastward!

along the North End, and Southward along the East Side of the last mentioned Premises, down to the River

Thames, at the South Weft Corner of the aforesaid Dock Yard and Premises belonging to and in the Occu-

pation of John Perry.

u No Person compellable to fell Part of his Premises, Land, t£c. if willing to fell the Whole, unless where

w the Whole of the Land exceeds ten Acres. The Seller desirous of disposing of the Whole to give Notice

€; at the Comptroller’s Office, Guildhall, within thirty Days after Application to him by the Common

“ Council. § 15. Power of purchafingby the Common Council limited to five Years. §16.”

Common Coun-

cil empowered

to purchase

Houses, Lands,

See. within

certain Limits,

on and near the

i/ieof

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or any When Parties

other Person or Persons, Ceiled or polled of or interested in any such Houses, Building?, Lands, Tenements, rtrlllfe> or are

or Hereditaments as aforesaid, (hill refuse to treat or agree, or shall not agree, or by Rc«son of Absence or ^thVcourtol

Disability,cannot agree with the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in.Common Council uiFembled, or Mayor and ai-

with

