A. D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 22.

N° S.

DECLARATION of the Number of Children to be delivered to the Commercial Commissioners, if any

Income is to be assessedby them, if not, to the Afllflors.

t do declare, That I have the undermentioned Child born in lawful Wedlock, and

* principally maintained by me, and at my Expence; and that I have not deducted any Allowance made

by me to such Child from my Income.

J Above the Age of six Years,

^ Under the Age of six Years,

being respectively the Child of* in respect of whom I claim an Abatement after the Rate

of per Centum from the Sum which 1 have declared to be not less than one Part of my Income,

in pursuance of the said Aits ; and am ready to verify this my Declaration as the Act requires.

Witness my Hand, this Day of

* Here must be inserted, whether they are Children of the Claimant, or of his or her Wife or Husband by a former Marriage.

B.

N» 6.

STATEMENTS by Persons of their own Income to be delivered to the Assessors, either where the Party

is not concerned in Trade or Manufacture, or is not desirous that the Whole of his Income, or the Part

arising from Trade or Manufacture, should be assessed by the Commercial Commissioners ; to be deli-

vered open or sealed up, at the Election of the Party.

Where the Income does not amount to Sixty Pounds per Annum.

t ^ do declare, That my Income, estimated according to the Directions and Rules of an Adl,-

A passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties

imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the P r of ecu-

tion of the JVar; and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon In-

come, in lieu of the said Duties, and of another Act for amending the said Act, doth not amount to the Sum

of sixty Pounds per Annum. Dated this Day of

Signed

N° 7.

Where the Income amounts to sixty Pounds per Annum, and is under two hundred Pounds•

t do declare. That my Income, estimated according to the Directions and Rules of an Act,

* pafifed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties

imposed by an Act, made in the last Sefton of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prose-

cation of the War; and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon

Income, in lieu of the said Duties, and of another Act for amending the said Act, doth not exceed the Sum

of and that I am willing to pay the Sum of for my Contribution for one Year, from

the fifth Day of April to the fifth Day of April the fame being not less than one

Part of my Income, estimated as aforesaid, to be paid according to the Directions of the said Acts. Dated

the Day of Signed

In this and in all Cafes in which an Abatement is intended tobe claimed for a Child or Children, the following Words shall be

added, iubjelt to the Abatement claimed by me on Account of a Child or Children, by virtue oi die said Act.”

N° 8.

Where the Income amounts to two hundred Pounds, or upwards•

t do declare. That I am willing to pay the Sum of for my Contribution for one

T’ Year, from the fifth Day of April until the fifth Day of April in pursuance of an' Act, passed

in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An Act to repeal the Duties imposed by

an Atlj rnodeinthe last'Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the

IVar • and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in

lieu of the said Duties, and of another Act for amending the said Act; and 1 do declare, Th:t riie laid S jui

of is not less than one Tenth Part of my Income, estimated according to the Directions and Rules

prescribed by the said Acts, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief. Dated this Day of

Signed

N*9;

C»oo5ie

