*3® /C. 61, 63.

Anno trkefimo nono*Georgii:III. . A.D.. 1799.

V. 1 And whereas it has in forr.e Instancesbeen the Practice of the Deputy Lieutenants, or other Persons

4 authorized by the-Lord Lieutenant, to indulge the several Militia Men ballotted to serve with a longer

4 Leave of Absence than is.necessary; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act,

no Notice served upon any Militia Man ballotted as aforesaid to attend at the Time and Place specified in the

Lid Order, as directed by the Acts now in Force relative to the Militia, shall extend -beyond fourteen Days

from the Date of such Ballot; and ail Militia Men failing to attend at such Time and Place lo specified',-(hail,

over and above the other Pains and Penalties already imposed in such Cafes, forfeit the Pay due from ttjc

Day ot their being so ballotted till the Day on. which they shall a£tually join the Regiment to which they be-

long, and be liable to be feizec! and punished as Delerters: Provided also, 'That the Clerk of such General

or Subdivision Meeting, at w’hich such Men shall have,been ballotted, shall forthwith transmit to the Com-

manding Officer of the Regiment for which any Militia Man is ballotted to serve, a Note of the Name of

each Militia Man, the Day on which he has been ballotted, and that on which he has been ordered lo

attend; and every Clerk refusing or wilfully neglecting totransmit such Notice as aforesaid, shall be liable

to a Penalty of twenty Pounds Sterling, to be recovered in like Manner as any other Penalties are directed

to be recovered by the Laid recited Act. '

Allowances to

Scfioolmart£rs,

and others em-

ployed in the

Execution of

the Mil.tia A&,

shall be submit-

ted to tlteBarons

Exchequer in

Scotland, who

VI. And be it further enactedf That all Allowances for the Trouble of any Schoolmaster, Constabie,

Clerk, or other Officer employed in the Execution of the Militia Acts, shall, besides being previoufty cer-

tified by the Sheriff, Deputy Lieutenants, or Lieutenant of the County or Stevyartry, as directed by the

Acts now in Force, be submitted to the Confutation of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland*

who are hereby authorized and empowered to reftridl these Claims to such Sums as they shall think reason-

able, and to grant a Warrant for Payment thereof out of the Revenues of the Land Tax, assessed Taxes, or

consolidated Duties of Customs and txcise* or any of them, which they shall think moil proper Xo apply to

this Service.

.may grant a Warrant for Payment. -

When ary Mi.

Jitia Man shall

appear to the

Commanding

Officer of the

Regiment unfit

to serve, he

may, with the

Approbation of

the Command-

ing Officer of

the DirtriCt, re-

VII. And be it further enacted, That when any Militia Man, Volunteer, or Substitute, furnished and ap-

proved by any General or District Meeting of Lieutenancy, shall appear to the Commanding Officer of the

Regiment in which he is called upon to serve. unfit, from Infirmity, Size, or other sufficient Cause, to serve

as a Militia Man, it shall be lawful for the said Commanding Officer, with the Approbation in Writing of

the General or Commanding Officer of the Military District within which such Regiment shall happen to

be stationed, to reject-or discharge such Person as unfit to carry Arms in the Militia, and unon transmitting

Notice of the Discharge, with a Copy of the Approbation of the General or Commanding Officer aforesaid,

to the Deputy Lieutenants of the Parish or Distridtfrom which the said Militia Man, Volunteer, or Substi-

tute, shall have been fumished, the Deputy Lieutenants shall forthwith cause another Person, able and fit for

Service, to be chosen by Ballot in Place of the Person discharged as aforesaid.

jc£t him, and another shall be chosen by Ballot.

39CCO. 3.C.35.

Persons enrolled

in Volunteer

Corps or Aflo-

ciationsin Scot*;

land, not liable

to serve or pro-

videa Substitute

in the Militia.

Copy of Muster

Roll ot Pu Tons

.row serving, to

he tianfinitted

.to the Courty

VIII. And whereas an Act was made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for exempting

4 during the present lVtir+ PersonsJerving in Volunteer Corps and Associations from being ballotted for the Ml-

4 Zr/iV?, under certain Conditions: And whereas it is expedient and necessary that the said Adfc should extend to

4 all Petfons serving in Volunteer Corps and Associations in that Part of Great Britain called Scotlandf be

it enacted, That every Person enrolled, or to be enrolled, and serving in any Volunteer Corps, or any Corps

or Body of Men associated for the Defence of any City, Town, or Place, and for maintaining publick

Tranquillity and good Order within the same, whether of Infantry or Cavalry, in that Part of Great Britain

called Scotland, which now are, or shall be raised in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament, shall be

exempt from being liable to serve personally in the said Militia, or to provide a Substitute; and that all die

Powers, Regulations, Conditions, and Restrictions in the aforesaid Act contained, shall extend to all such

Volunteer Corps or Associations in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in as full and ample Manner,

to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act: Provided

always. That the Copy of the Muster Roll of the Persons now enrolled and serving in any such Corps or

Ailuciations may and shall be transmitted to the Lieutenant of the County on or before the first Day of

August one thousand(even hundred and ninety-nine; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwith-

standing.

Jcu tenant on or before Aug. r, 1799.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Sugar imported and ex-

ported, and on Coffee exported; and for reducing the Drawbacks now allowed-on the

Exportation of Sugar.—[ift July 1799.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

‘ X r 7 E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

VV aHembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s Publick Expences,

‘ and making a permanent Addition to the Publick Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give

‘ and grant unto your Majesty the several additional Duties of Customs heieiu-after mentioned; and do

mod:

