A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III.'

C. 86.

417

Land is within the /aid Forest, or whether any Piece or Parcel of Land being within the said Forest be-

longs to his Majesty, or to any Person or Persons claiming against him, all such Questions shall be tried and

decided by the said Map or Plan, and either Part thereof being produced shall be admitted and received in

all Actions, Suits, and Proceedings, brought, commenced, or had in any Court of Law or Equity, or

before any Tuftice of the Peace or other summary JurisduSlion, as cfonclusive Evidence of the Boundaries

of the said Forest and of the local Situation of such Lands, as to the said Forest and the Right of Pro-

perty to or in the fame as between his Majesty and any of his Majesty’s Subjects.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if after the said Map or Plan shall have been made and com-

pleted, and one Part thereof shall have been deposited as aforesaid, any Order shall be made by the Ver-

derers,*at any Court of Attachments or Swainmote Court to be holden for the said Forest, for the Abate-

ment of any unlawful Inclosure, and pulling down the Fences thereof, or for pulling down any Building or

EreSion thereon, by the proper Officer or Officers of the said Court or Forest, if any Person or Persons

shall retain, or attempt to retain, the possession of any such Inclosure or Building so ordered to be thrown

open or taken down by the said Court, or again to inclose any Land so ordered to be, and actually thrown

open, or again to set up-or erect any Fence or Building ordered to be, and actually pulled down, removed,

or abated, or shall obstrudi, oppose, or moled: any Officer of the said Court or Forest in throwing open

any such Inclosure, or in pulling down, removing, or abating any Fence, Building, or Eredfcion, pursuant to

any such Order, such Person or Persons shall be guilty of an Offence, and shall and may be prosecuted for

every such Offence by Indictment or Information, and being thereof duly convicted, shall and may be pu-

nched for the (kme by Fine or Imprisonment at the Discretion of the Court before whom he or they shall

be tried.

be prosecuted by Indictment or Information, ar.d punished by Fine or Imprisonment, at the Discretion of the Court before

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Verderers of the said Forest, or any

two of them, at any Court of Attachments holden for the said Forest, by Warrantor Warrants under the

Hands and Seals of them, or any two of them, to nominate and appoint any Person or Persons to be the

Officer or Officers of the said Court and Forest, for the Purpose of executing the Judgments and Orders

of the said Court from Time to Time given and made; and the Person or Persons to appointed shall, dur-

ing the Time mentioned in such Warrants, or until the fame be recalled, or their Appointment re-

yoked by the Officer or Officers of the said Court and Forest, have full Power and Authority to execute

the Judgments and Orders of the said Court within the said Forest, in such and the same Manner, and by

such and the fame Means, as any Constable or other Peace Officer can or may by Law execute the War-

rant of any Justice of the Peace, for any County; and the said Verderers, or any two of them, shall and’

n>ay fix and allow proper Fees to be paid to or taken by such Officer or Officers, as the said Ver-

dcrers shall in their Discretion think fit.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Under Forester and Groom Keeper of the said Forest

shall, within the Space of one Calendar Month next before the holding of the first Court of Attachments

in each Year, and within a reasonable Time before the holding any other Court of Attachments for the

said Forest, carefully survey such Part thereof as lies or is situate within his Walk, and take an Ac-

count of all Inclosures, Purpreftures, Encroachments, and Trespasses whatever, made, done, or commit-

ted within the same fmee the preceding Survey of the fame Walk, or which were not noticed in such pre-

ceding Survey; and every such Under Forester and Groom Keeper shall, at every Court of Attachments

holden forihe said Forest, make and deliver to the Verderers thereof then present, a true Returp and Pre-

fentment of all the Inclosures, Purpreftures, Encroachments, and Trespasses which such Under Forester

of Groom Keeper shall find to have been made, done, or committed within his Walk (ince the last Sur-

vey of the fame Walk, or which he shall not have returned or presented at the preceding or some former

Court, or which, having been made before such last Survey, (half not have been abated, and at what Time

or Times, and in what Particular Part or Parts of the Walk, and by whom, all such Inclosures, Purpref-

tures, Encroachments, and Trespasses have been made, done, or committed, so far as such Under Forester

or Groom Keeper hath been able to ascertain the fame; and every such Under Forester or Groom Keeper

shall at the Time of making or delivering in his said Return or Preferment, make Oath before the said Ver-

derers (which Oath they or any one of them is hereby authorized to administer) that, to the best of his

Knowledge, Information, and Belief, no Inclosure, Purprefture, Encroachment, or Trespass, hath been

made, done, or committed, or then exists, within his Walk, other thaw such as are contained and described

in the Return or Presentment then made, and delivered in by him, or made or delivered in at the preced-

ing or some former Court. specifying the Time at which the fame was held.

XIX. And whereas the quantity of Land which hath been inclosed for the planting of Timber Trees

4 under the Authority of the said Act of the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King

4 tVUliam^Aoi\\ net amount to more than three thousand three hundred Acres; and it would probably be highly

4 'advantageous to the Growth of "Limber in the said Forest, if a proper Quantity of Land were inclosed

and cultivated for the Purpose of supplying the Deer of the said Forest with Food during the Winter

4 Seafoo, in order to prevent the Destruction of Timber by the cutting of Browse Wood; and that, after

4 a Time to be limited, the Practice of cutting Browse Wood should be wholly aboiished Be ft enacted,

That it shall be lawful lor his Majesty to eaule such Quantities of Land within the said Forest as his Ma-

jesty shall think fit, not exceeding in the Whole four hundred Acres, to be inclosed and perpetually pre-

lerved for the Purpose of producing Hay for the Use of the Deer kept within the said Forest; which Land

so to be inclosed shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the Land authorized to be inclosed by the said Act

39 & 40 Geo. III. 3 H of

decided by the

Map, which

shall be a Emit-

ted as conclu-

sive Evidence.

If any Person

shall retain Pof-

session of any

Inclosure or

Building or-

dered to be

thrown open or'

taken down by

the Court of

Attachments,

or again inclose

such Land or

set up such

Building, or

shall obflrucl

any Officer in-

forcing fuel 1

Order, he shall

which he is tried.

1 he Verderers

at any Court of

Attachments

may appoint

Officers for ex-

ecuting the Or*-

ders of the

Court, who

shall have the

Authority of

Peace Officers.

The Vcrderer*

may fix the

Fees to be taken

by the Officers.

Under Foref-

ters and Groom

Keepers shall,

before the hold-

ing of Courts

of Attachments*

survey such

Parts of the

Forest as lie

within their

Walks, and

take an Ac-

count of ail In-

closures, tec.

(ince their last

Survey, and

shall deliver to

the Vcrdereta

at the Court

Prcfentments of

Jndofures, tec

and make Oath

as to certain

Particulars.

Not more than

3300 Acres of

Land inclosed

for planting

Timber Trees

under Autho-

rity of Adf of

. 9 and lo Gui. 3*

c. 36

His Majesty

may cause 400

Acres cl Land

within the

Forest 40 It

Digi - d by

