A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III.C. 22,23.' 89

N° 13.

Illicre the Income amounts to sixty Pounds per Annum, and is under two hundred Pounds.

j do declare, That the Income of for whom I am estimated accord-

x ing to the Directions and Rules of an Act of Parliament, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of

his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties imposed by an Acl3 made in the last Session of Par-

liament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Projection of the War; and to make more effectual Pro-

vijion for the like Ptirpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties, and ot another Act

foramending the said Act, doth not exceed the Sum of and that I am willing, on Behalf of the said

to pay the Sum of for Contribution for one Year, from the fifth Day of April

to the fifth Day of April the fame being not less than one Part of Income,

estimated as aforesaid, to be paid according to the Directions of the said Act. Dated this Day of

Signed

N° 14.

Where the Income amounts to two hundred Pounds per Ammm% or upwards.

T do declare. That I am willing, on Behalf of for whom I am to

x pay the Sum of for Contribution for one Year, from the fifth Day of April

to the fifth Day of April in pursuance of an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties impfd by an Atl, made in the laji Seffon of Parlia-

ment, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prcfecution of the War \ and to make more effectual Pro-

vifonfor the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the /aid Duties. and of another

Act for amending the said Act; and I do declare. That the said Sum of is not less than one tenth

Part of Income, estimated according to the Directions and Rules prescribed by the said Acts, to the

best of my Knowledge and Belief. Dated this Day of

Signed

c.

N°ij.

NOTICE to be given to Assessors, duly filled up and signed, where any Income is intended to be charged

by the Commercial Commissioners.

'TAKE Notice, That engaged in Trade or Manufacture f, and mean to be charged

to the Rates and Duties granted by an Act of the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

under the Powers and Provisions vested in and given to the Commercial Commissioners for the of

in the County of J

Witness my Hand this Day of

I, (or We, if Partners,) [or, if not on his own Account, on the Behalf of,) am [or are)

f Here set forth the Branch or Brandies of Trade or Manufacture, and the Place or Places where the fame Is carried on,

X If the Party has other Income, not to be charged by the Commercial CommilDoners, the above mu ft specify that he means to be

charged to such Part of the Income as arises from his Trade or Manufacture, by adding these Words alter die filling up of the Blank

for the County, “ for such Part of my Income as arises from Trade and Manufacture.^

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to repeal certain Parts of three Acts, made in the thirty-seventh and thirty- [C376c *3#

eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for raising a Provisional Force of 38 Geo.*;.

Cayalry; and for making further Provision respecting such Part of the Provisional c* 94-3

Cavalry of this Kingdom as is now actually called out and embodied.

[21H March 1799.]

4 IT HEREAS it is expedient that such Part of the Provisional Force of Cavalry, raised by virtue of two

4 W several Acts, passed in the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, as hath not been embodied

4 prior to or under another Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, should be forthwith disbanded, in

the Manner and according to the Regulations herein-after mentioned -3 and that such Part of the said Prc-

4 visional Cavalry as hath been embodied prior to or under the said Act, should remain embodied under the

4 Regulations of the said Acts and of this Act, until the End of the present War, or fuchfhorter Time as

4 his Majesty shall think proper, and then to be disbanded, in like Manner as the Provisional Cavalry, not

4 now embodied, is directed by this Act to be disbanded: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may

4 be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con- .

sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the*

Authority of the same, That in every County. Riding, or Place, where the Provisional Cavalry thereof 3^ Gco* 3-

shall have been embodied prior to the patting of the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, all and every ^a4}haH ex-*

39 Geo. III. N the t-ndto Pro-

