284.

grant Extension

of Times of Re-

payment of

Loan ;,) y three

Instalvncnts

with Interest on

tlu* 5th Jnh.

1 - CO, i3oi,a«d

C 13. Anno 39* 8e Georgii III. A.D. 179^.

respectively, such Enlargement or Extension of the Times of Repayment of such Loan as they the said

Cornnrnffioners shall in their Discretion think proper, so that the fame be made payable in Proportions not

Id's, and Periods not longer, than herein-after particularly mentioned; that is to say, in every Cafe where the

Whole of any such such Loan remains unpaid, one third Part of such Loan, with Interest for the fame at

the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the fifth Day of January one thousand tight hundred ;

one other third Part thereof, with the like Interest for the fame, on the fifth Day of January one thousand

eight hundred and one: and the remaining third Part thereof, with the like Interest for the fame, on the fifth

Day of January one thousand eight hundred and two; and in every Cafe where the fi. ft Instalment, or the

first and tecond Instalmems-on any such Loan, or any Proportion thereof, hath been or shall be paid, previous

to any Application being made for the Enlargement or Extension of the Time or respective Times of Pay-

ment of the Remainder of such Loan, then the Remainder of any such Loan at such respective Times for

what may remain due on such Loan as are herein-before mentioned for the Payment of Instalments of any

Loan on wh ch no Part has been paid j and such Parties respectively, to whom the said Com missioneis shall

allow such Enlargement or Extension of the Times of Payment of the said Loan, shall not be deemed or

taken to have made Default in Payment of the said Loan in Manner directed by the Lid recited Acts, nor

shall any Process, Suit, or other Proceeding be iflbed, commenced, or had, nor any Warrant for the fame

granted, against the Lid Parties respectively, or their Sureties or Surety, their or any of their Heirs, Execu-

tors, or Administrators, or upon or in respect of any Securities, or Security made, assigned, or deposited,

for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, or otherwise, in order to recover or compel the Repayment

of the said. Loan, or any Part thereof, until the Expiration of such enlarged or extended Times as afore*

said.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes in which the said Commissioners shall think fit to grant v

or allow any such Enlargement pr Extension of Time for the Repayment of any Proportion of any such

Loan, they the Lid Commissioners shall certify such their Allowance by a Writing under the Hands of any

three or more of them, according to the Form In the Schedule to this Act annexed marked C.; and such

Certificates shall be delivered to the respective Parties to whom such Extension of Time shall be granted as

aforesaid, and a Copy or Minute of all such Certificates shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by

the said Commissioners for that Purpose.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person to whom feich En-

largement or Extension of Time, for the Payment of any Part of any such Loan, shall be granted or al-

lowed as aforesaid, shall, previous to the receiving of any such Certificate as aforesaid, pay, or cause to be

paid, to the said Commissioners,. or such Persons or Person as they, or any three or more of them, shall ap-

point, to receive the same, all Interest that shall remain due and unpaid on the first Instalment of every

such Loan at the Time of granting any such Extension of Time as aforesaid*

w Remedies of recited Acts for compelling Repayment of Loan shall continue, where the Times* have not

u been extended. §

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have all such Powers and Authorities*

with respect to any Parties applying for Relief under this Act, and shall have all such Remedies for the

Purpose of recovering or compelling Repayment of any Loans or Advances already made, the Times of

Repayment of which shall have been or may be enlarged or extended by the Authority of this Act, as are

given to the said Commissioners, and provided by the said recited Acts, or any or either.of them, in respect

of any. such Loan, or of any Default in Repayment of any Loan made under the said Acts.

4t Sureties satisfying Loan shall have the fame Remedies against the Principals or Co-Sureties as under re-

“ cited Acts; and Mortgages taken as Securities shall remain as Securities for the Reimbursempnt to such

Sureties of Money advanced by them. § iq. [as under 39 Geo. 3. c. n. §12.]”'

Thr.e Corrxnif- XI. And be it further enacted, That all Matters and Things which the said Commissioners, autho-

toners may a€ti rized by this Act are hereby required or empowered to do or execute, shall and may be done and executed

by any three or more of them j any Thing herein or in the said former Act. contained to the cantrary.not?

withstandirg.

“ Obligations taken by the Commissioners, \Ac» not liable to Stamp Duties. § 12.”

Certificate of

t ie Grant of

such Extension-

L'.dll t>c in tbc.

Form in

Sclrcdule- C.

Plrvi us to re-

ceiving Certifi-

cates of Exten-

fion of-Time,

all.lncerefl due

ihaii be paid.

Commissionert

to have the fame

i'Qwers as

under recited

SCHEDULE to which this AtSt refers*.

. SCHEDULE A-

T/LTE, whose Names- are hereunto subscribed, do hereby severally and respectively consent and agree, That

the Bonds already executed by us, under several Acts passed in the thirty-fifth, thirty-seventh, and thirty*

ninth Y^ars of his present Majesty’s Reign, for granting Relief to Persons connected with and trading to

the 1 (lands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, as Sureties for Ar. B* for the Repayment of a Loan of Exchequer

Bil’s, made to the said A. B. under the Lid Act of the Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

shall remain and continue as a Security for Repayment of the said Sum of

remaining unpaid on the Loan, with Interest thereon, at the Rate of.

t<r

