too

at Heii. 3. c.15.

recited.

AH Offence*

whatever com-

mitted on the

High Seas shall

be liable to the -

fame Punish-

mentaasifcooft.

mitted 00 Shoro,

Persons tritd for

• JMurtheror

Man Daughter,

and found

guilty of Man-

flaeghter orly,

Hull be entitled

35—38. Ai^no tricesimo nono Georgii III. -A.D. 1799.

ABSTRACT of Muster Rolls to be yearly transmitted by the Lieutenanjp of Counties* to one of hi*

Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State.

To M. N. one of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State. *

ABSTRACT of Muster Rolls of Volunteer Cor^s and Associations within the of received byk

cue <?. P. his Majesty’s Lieutenant for the feme, since the Day of in the Year

No. Names and Description of Corps and Associations. Number of Persons enrolled and serv- ing therein. Conditions of Ser- vice. When inspected, or if willing to befo, as required by the Ad 39 Geo. ill.

1 Gentlemen and Yeomanry. 60 As required in the Act 3oGeo- III. Inspected 25 Oft. 1799.

2 Infantry. 100 Within the said Town only. Not inspected, but willing to befo.

3 Ditto. 70 In any Part of Great Britain. Ditto.

te. &c. Sic. &c. &c.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for increasing the Rates of SubfUtence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers*

[joth May 1799.]

[This Act is in all Re/pedls the fame as 3* G. 3. c. ^t.—The Conttnuanee is from March 24, 1799, to March

25, 1&00.]

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for remedying certain Defects in the Law respecting Offences committed upon

the High Seas.—[10th May 1799.]

* XT WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of King Henry the Eighth, it is enacted,

4 y, That Treasons, Felonies, Robbers, Murthers, and Confederacies, committed on the High Seas,

4 {hall be enquired of, tried, and determined, in such Shires and Places in the Realm, as shall be limited by

4 the King’s Commission to be directed for the fame, in like Form and Condition as if any such Offence

4 or Offences had been committed or done in or upon the Land: And whereas it is expedient to declare

4 that other Offences committed on the Seas may be enquired of, tried, and determined, in like Manner ;’

be it enacted and declared by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

of the fame. That all and every Offence and Oflfences, which, after the parting of this Act, shall be com*

mitted upon the High Seas out of the Body of any County of this Realm, shall be, and they are hereby de-

clarodto be Offences of the fame Nature respectively, and to be liable to the fame Punishments respectively,

as ifthey had been committed upon the Shore; and shall be enquired of, heard, tried, and determined and

adjudged, in the same Manner as Treasons, Felonies, Murthers, and Confederacies, are directed to be by

the fame Act.

and shall be tried and adjudged In the same Manner as Felonies, &c. are directed by the recited A&.

II. And be it further enacted, That when any Person or Persons shall be tried for the Crime of Murther

or Manslaughter committed qpon the Sea, by virtue of any Commission directed under the said Act, and

{hall be found guilty of Manslaughter only, such Person or Persons shall be entitled to receive the Benefit of

Clergy in like Manner, and shall be subject to the fame Punishment, as if he or they had committed such

M.mllaughter in or upon the Land,

to the Benefit of Clergy, and be subject to the fame Punishment as if committed on Land.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to continue, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred

and four, and amend an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His. present

Majesty, for allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seed) uftd for extract-

ing

