222

* c. xi*.

31 Geo. 3.

c. 107.

32 Geo. 3.

C. 154- ,

C. xxxlx,—xlix. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A. D. 1799.

Cap. XXX\X*

An Act for continuing for thirty-eight Years, and rendering more effectual several Acts for charging a Duty

of two Pennies Scots (or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling) on every Pint of Ale and Beer vended or

fold within the Towns of Port Ghjgow and Newark, and Privileges thereof.—[13th 'June 1799]

Cap. xl.

An Act for continuing for thirty-eight Years, and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the twenty-

eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for continuing the Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth

Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer vended or sold within the City of Glasgow, and

.Village of Gorbals, and Liberties and Privileges thereof.—[13th June 1799 ]

Cap. xli.

An Act for better regulating and employing the Poor, and for more effectually watching the Squares,

Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn which lies

above the liars, in the County of Middlesex, and the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the said

County.— [13th June 1799-]

Cap. xlii.

An Act for the better and more effectual Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Samjordfm

the County of Suffolk.—[13th June 1799.]

1

Cap. xliii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and amending the Road leading fiom Long Hor ft'ey Bar or Gate, on

the Poll Road near the Town of Morpeth, by or through Long HorjcLy, I Veld on Bridge, and Whitting•

ham, to the River Breamijl), and from thence to Piercy's Cross, in the County of B/orth umber land, to

continue in Force for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament.— 113th June 1799.]

Cap. xliv.

An Act to amend two Acts, made in the twenty-eighth and thirty-eighth Years * of the Reign of His

present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith.—[13th June 1799. J

Cap. xlv.

An Act for explaining and amending two Acts, passed in the thirty-first and thirty-second Years of the

Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from LivingJione, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the

City of Glasgow, and other Roads therein mentioned.-—[13th June 1799.]

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for makingand repairing the Road from Dunkeldto Coupar of Angus, by the Bridge of IJla, and (he

Road leading out of the Road between Dunkeld and Perth to the Boat at Caputh, by or through the Vil-

lage of Stanley in the County of Perth, to continue in Force for twenty-one Years, and from thence to

the End of the then next Sessionof Parliament.—[13th June 1799 ]

Cap. xlvii.

^An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of two Acts, the one passed in the thirtieth

Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the second Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from

Burleigh Bridge, in the Town of Loughborough, to Ashby-de-la-rl*ouch, in the County of LeicejUr \ and

for repairing and widening the Road, branching out of the said Road at Coleorton Church, over Coleorton

Moor, and through Worthington and Sutton Bonington, to Rempfton, in the Counties of Leicester and

^Nottingham*— [ 13 th June 1799. ]

Cap xlviii.

An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike

Road at the Bottom of Shaw Hill, in the Parish of Melkjbam, through Googe’s Lane, CorJ})am, Bidde»

stone, and Weft Tatton, to the Turnpike Road at Upper Coombe, in the Parish of Cqftle Coombe, in the

County of Wilts. — [ 13th June 1799.]

Cap. xlix*

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving the Road at or near Beckhampton,

and from the North Side of Swindon to the Carpenter’s Arms in Blunjdcn, and several other Roads therein

*nemioned, in the County of Wilts.—[ 13th June 1799J

CaV

I

