378 C. 72.

Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III.

A.D. 1800.

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-

ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all such Grants, Assurances, and Conveyances

as aforesaid shall be, remain, and continue exempted from the several Stamp Duties granted, as well lince

the passing of the said recited Act of the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty as before the

parting thereof, any Act or Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Grants ex-

empted from

Stamp Duties

by recited A&

shall continue

exempted from

ail Duties, imposed as well lince as before that Att,

37 Geo. 3. c.

90. recited j

II. And whereas, by an Act made in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters therein mentioned, and for better

4 securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts

4 of Jii/lice in Great Britain, a Stamp Duty of six Shillings and eight Pence is chargeable upon every Skin or

4 Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which any Copy, purporting to be a true

4 Copy, or attested to be a true Copy, of any Indenture, Lease, or other Deed, or any Part thereof, for the

4 Security or Use of any Person other than the Person having or being entitled to the Custody of such Inden-

4 ture, Lease, or other Deed, should, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and

1 ninety-seven, be ingrorted, printed, or written: And whereas it is expedient that the said Duty should

4 be repealed, except as herein-after is provided, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof:’ Be it therefore

enacted, That from and after the first Day of August one thousand eight hundred, the said Stamp Duty of

six Shillings and eight Pence, charged and payable by the said recited Act as aforesaid, shall cease and de-

termine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and except as herein-after is mentioned and provided; and

feve also and except as to any Arrears of the said Duties which may, on the said first Day of August, re-

main unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, relating thereto,

which shall have been incurred at any Time before or on the said first Day of August^ and the several Powers,

Provisions, and Remedies for recovering the feme respectively.

and from Aug.

i, 18co, the

Stamp Duty of

6s. 8d. upon

every Sheet of a

Copy of any In-

denture, lor the

Use of any but

Che Person en-

titled to the Custody of the Indenture, repealed; except as to Arrears5

hut this not to

repeal the Du-

ties on Copies

far the Security

fany Party to

an Indenture

not having the

Custody of the

Original, See.

Prom Aug. if

1800, in lieu of

the Duties re-

pealed, there

shall be paid a

Stamp Duty of

6d. on every

Sheet of such

Copy intended

for any other

Chan the Parties

to the Indenture,

Duties to be un-

der the Manage,

ment of the

Commissioners

for Sumps.

Nun.her of

Stamps to be

put u^on every

Copy to (e cal-

culated accord-

ing to iaft re-

cited A a, |^8.]

which shall

extend to the

Duty ’K-icby

granted. [See

mi to Hamy'ug

m mjtcr ibey

mrt made: i'cfi

C. 84, § I ]

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to re-

peal, or in any Manner affect the Duties granted by the said Act, so far as the feme relate to any Copy

of any Indenture, Lease, or other Deed, or any Part thereof, made or to be made for the Security or

Use of any Person or Persons being a Party or Parties to the feme Indenture, Lease, or other Deed, and

not having the Custody of the original Indenture, Lease, or other Deed, or of any Counterpart or Dupli-

cate thereof, or where such Copy shall not be made in lieu of such original Indenture, Lease, or other

Deed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of Augufly there shall, in lieu of the

Duties hereby repealed, be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain,

unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a Stamp Duty of Sixpence upon every Piece of Vellum or

Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Copy, purporting to be a true Copy, or attested to

be a true Copy, of any Indenture, Lease, or other Deed, or any Part thereof, shall be ingrossed, written,

or printed, for, or for the Security or Use of, any Person or Persons, other than any or either of the

Parties to the fame Indenture, Lease, or other Deed or Deeds, and not having the Custody of such original

Indenture, Lease, or other Deed, or any Duplicate or Counterpart thereof, or where such Copy shall not be

made in lieu of any such original Indenture, Lease, or other Deed.

not having the Custody thereof, See,

V. And be it further enacted, That for the more effectually levying, collecting, and paying the said

Duties herein-before granted, the fame shall be under the Government, Care, and Manageme'nt of the

Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parch*

ment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are required and empowered to employ the necessary

Officers under them for that Purpose, and to cause such new Stamp to be provided to denote the said new

and additional Duty as shall be requisite in that Behalf, and to alter or renew the feme respectively from

Time to Time, and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution, with

relation to the Duties herein-before granted, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner, as they or the

major Part of them are authorized to put in Execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum,

Parchment, or Paper.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Number of Stamps to be put on every such Copy shall be

calculated and ascertained in like Manner, and according to such and the like Rules, in every Respect, as are

contained in the said herein last-before recited Act, with respect to the said Duty of six Shillings and eight

Pence; and all the Clauses, Provisions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things, relating to the

said Duty of six Shillings and eight Pence, or prescribed in the said last recited Act, with respect to any

Copies, purporting to be true Copies, or attested to be true Copies, of any Indentures, Leases or other

Deeds, shall be extended, applied, and put in Practice, and shall continue and be in force, for the damp-

ing every such Copy as aforesaid, charged with any Duty by this Act, or for the raising, levying, and col-

lecting the Duty hereby granted respectively, in the like Manner and as fully and effectually as if the said

Clauies, Provisions, Rules, Penalties, f orfeitures, Matters, and Things, had been re-cna&ed in this

Act.

VII. 4 And

