A. Dr 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. lxxiii.

Lit>trap, William Leighton., David Samuel Liplrtp, John Longdon, William Lujbington, Lewis James

Made, James M" Knight, Martin, Stone, and root, Samuel Majkall, Gilbert Mathijon, John Mayor,

Mayor D. D., John Mayor, Godfrey Moiling, W. T. Money, 'John Morgan, Moul, William Mur-

ray, T. N Naish, Evan Nepean, Richard Nixon, Thomas Nixon, Francis Norton, Hildebrand Herbert

Oakes, William Patterson, Peck and Smally, Henry Hinde Pelley, William Randall, Edward Ravenfcroft,

George Rich, John Richard Ripley, R, T. Ripley, William Robertson, G. Rofewell, Thomas Rowcroft,

Lawrence Ruck, Flint Stacey, Thomas Say,

Schank, Claude Scott, Samuel Scott,

Simmons,

John Silvester, John Simtfon, T. W. Smith, Charles Smith, Edward Straccy junior, Jofias Henry Stracey,

F. Strickland, Richard otone, Joseph Stonard, James Taggart, Robert Taylor, William Tefl, James

Thompson, James Swallow Thompjon, John Townsend, Wingfield Turner, Lieutenant Colonel Twifs, Of-

borne Tylden, William Vaughan, Richard Valpy D. D., John Walter, John Walter junior, RichardTValker,

C. Thomas Warner, Edward Warner junior, John Parr Welsford, Richard Westmacott, C. J. White,

?ane Wilson, Henry Wilckens, Joseph Woobier, Charles Wyatt, William Tates, Toung, William

bung, and John Toung, together with such Person cr Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Col-

legiate, as they, or the major Part of them present at the first General Adembly to be holden for the Pur-

poles of this Act, shall nominate and appoint, and their several and respective Successors, Executors, Admi-

nistrators, and Assigns, being Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the Tunnel or Road hereby

authorized to be made, shall be, and are hereby united into a Company for the carrying on, making, com-

pleting, and maintaining the said Tunnel or Road, pa liable for Pafieng .ts, Cattle, and Carriages, according

to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein mentioned and expressed ; and shall, for that Purpose, be one

Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name and Style of The Company of Proprietors of the Tunnel under the

River Thames, and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession, and a Common Seal, and by that Name

shall and may sue and befued, and also shall and may have Power and Authority, from and after the passing

of this A&, to purchase Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to them and their Successors and Assigns,.

for the Use of the said Tunnel or Road, and for the several Works hereby authorized to be made, and for the

several other Purposes herein mentioned, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Sta-

tutes of Mortmain, and also to fell any of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased for the Pur-

poses afore said-

44 Proprietors empowered to raise and contribute 30,000/. for making the Tunnel, in Shares of 100/. each.

44 f a. Shares to be Personal Estate. § 3. Subfcnbers to have a Vote for every Share, not exceeding ten*

44 Vote*; and may Vote by Proxy- Jr orm of Appointment of Proxies, f 4. Proprietors may raiie an

44 additional Sum if* necessary, not exceeding 20,000/. § 5. Power to raise Money by Mortgage of the

44 Undertaking- Form of Mortgage, and Transfer thereof. Interest of Money borrowed to be paid in

44 Preference to Dividends. § 6. Six Months Notice to be given of paying off Money. $ 7. Assignees

44 not to vote on Account of having lent Money. § 8. General Assemblies on the first Wednesday in May

44 yearly. $ 9. Chairman to be appointed, and to have an additional calling Vote. § 10. A Committee

* of twenty to be appointed. § 11. Proprietors at a General Meeting may make Bye Laws for regulating

44 the Passage through the Tunnel. All Accounts shall be laid before such General Meeting to be audited,

44 in doing which no Proxy shall be admitted. § 12. General Assemblies for chooiing Committees to consist

44 of loo Shares. § 13. Ailembly of Proprietors may be specially convened by five or more Proprietors

44 possessed of fifty Shares, on fourteen Days Notice. § 14. General Assembly toele&and appoint Officers;

44 and take Security from them. § 15. Officers, &fc. to account, and on Refusal may be proceeded against

before two Justices, who may levy the Sums due from them by Distress, or commit them to Gaol till

44 they account. §16. General Powers of the Committees. Committees may make Calls. Shares may

44 be forfeited, but no Advantage to be taken of Forfeiture without personal Notice. § 17. On the Death

44 of Subscribers before Share completed, Executors, tfc. may make the Payments or fell the Shares. § 18*

44 Shares may be fold. Form of Conveyance of Shares. § 19. After a Call no Share to be sold until such

44 Call shall be paid. § 20. On Acquilition of Shares by Marriage, an Affidavit and Certificate of Mar-

44 riage shall be transmitted to the Company's Clerk, and entered in their Books; and on Acquilition by

44 Will, or in Courfeof Administration, the Probate, &c, shall be entered in like Manner. 5 21. Names

44 of Proprietors shall be entered in Books, and Certificates of their Shares delivered to them. $ 22.”

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Pro-

prietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make and maintain a Tunnel or Road under the

River Thames, from any Point between one hundred Yards Weft of a Messuage in the Occupation of Jeremiah

Howard, in the Parish of Northfieet, and one Quarter of a Mile Eastward of the New Tavern Bridge, in the

Parish of Milton, next Gravesend, in the County of Kent, and between the opposite Points on the Shore of

the County of JEJcx; and for the Purpose aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors, their Deputies,

Agents, Officers, and Workmen, are hereby authorized and empowered to enter into and upon the Lands

and Grounds of any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate whatsoever, and to survey

and take Levels of the fame, or any Part thereof, and to set out and ascertain such Parts thereof as they shall

think necessary and proper for making the said . intended Tunnel, and all such other Works, Matters, and

Conveniences, as they shall think proper and neceft'ary for making, preserving, improving, completing, main-

taining, and using the fame ; and also to bore, dig, cut, trench, sough, get, remove, take, and carry away,

lay, make use of, dispose of, and fell, for their own Ule and Benefit, any Earth, Clay, Chalk, Stone, Soil,

Rubbish, Trees, Roots of Trees, Gravel, Sand, or any other Matters or Things, which may be dug or

got in making the said intended Tunnel, or other Works, in, out of, or upon the Lands or Grounds of any

Person or Persons adjoining or lying convenient thereto, and which may be neceflkry, requisite, or proper,

39 Geo* HI. LI fox

357

Incorporated.

Their Style-

Powers for

making the

Tunnel.

