A.D.1800.

Anno  quadragesimo primo Georgii III. C. 27, 28*

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers

SCHEDULE A.

TXfE, whose Names are hereunto subscribed, do hereby severally and respectively consent and agree. That

the Bonds already executed by us, under several Acts passed in the thirty-fifth, thirty-seventh, thirty-

ninth and fortieth Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for granting Relief to Persons connected with and

trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, as Sureties for A. B. for the Repay fluent of a Loan of

Exchequer Bills, made to the said A, B under the said Act of the * Year of his

present Majesty’s Reign, shall remain and continue as a Security for Repayment of the said Sum of

remaining unpaid on the Loan, with Interest thereon at the Rate

of per Centum per Annum, at the extended Periods allowed to the said

by the Commissioners under the said Acts, in the Manner

as the fame now stand, as a Security for Repayment thereof, by Instalments according to the said Acts:

And we further consent and agree* That the said Commissioners shall be at Liberty to grant to the said

the said Extension of Time for Payment, either upon the

Security already received for the fame, as they in their Discretion shall think fit to accept, either for the

Whole of the Money remaining due on the said Loan, or upon such Loan separated and divided into such

Parts as shall be allowed by the said Commissioners.

SCHEDULE B.

• Commissioners pnder several Acts of

Parliament passed for granting Relief to Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada

and Saint Vincent, do hereby grant to until the

and no longer, for procuring [and tendering to us, good and sufficient new Security

or Securities with Suieties], or [the Consent of

Sureties of the said to remain answerable as such Sureties], under an

Act passed in the forty-first Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Afty [Here injert the

Title of this y&7,] for the Repayment of the Sum of

with interest due on a Loan of Exchequer Bills made to the said

under the said Acts, and if the said does not produce the fame,

on or before the said Day of the Securities already given and*

entered Into by the said and his Sureties will be forthwith put m Force'

for the recovering the Money due on the said Loan.

SCHEDULE C-

XM’HEREAS the Sum of was advanced to

in Exchequer Bills on certain Conditions, pursuant to several Acts passed in

the thirty-fifth and thirty-niruh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting Relief to Person9

connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent: And whereas the said

hath given Security with Sureties, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts-

of Parliament respecting such Relief as aforesaid, for the Repayment of the said Loans by certain Instal-

raents, payable at certain Periods, in such Security [sr Securities] mentioned: And whereas the Sum of

ft ill remains unpaid on the said Loan: And whereas an<

Application has been made to us the said Commissioners for further Extension of the Time for repaying;

such Loan : Now we, whose Names are hereunto subscribed, being of*

the Commissioners under the said Acts, do, in pursuance of the Directions contained in an Act passed in*

the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act, [Here Jet forth the Title of this-

Add,] certify, T hat we have granted and allowed to the said

the further Time [or Times], for Repayment of the Sum of

[or Instalrnent or Instalments of the, laid Sum of

as the Cafe may be], that is to say, [Recite the Times and Sums.]

cap. xxvm.

An A<£t to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Acts made in the*

thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and in the

last Session of Parliament, for the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax,

[31 ft December 1800.]

* \\ 7 HEREAS it is expedient that several of the Powers and Provisions contained in the several Acts*

4 VV for the Redemption of the Land Tax should be explained and enlarged 5’ be it therefore enacted'

by the King’s mofl Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and'

4F 2 Tempos!*

boogie

