228 C. lxviii.—lxix. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

, Cap. lxvni.

An A<tt for vetting the Fee Simple of several Estates in the County of Chester, (devised by the Will o(PhiPip

Egerton Esquire, deceased, to a Trtiftee for a Term of Years, for the Purpose of discharging his Debts,

with Remainder to the Ules therein mentioned,) in Trustees, to be sold for discharging the said Debts,

and to lay out the Surplus (if any.) of the Monies arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands to

be settled to the lame Ules.—*799 ]

Cap. lxix.

An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London.

' [12th July 1799.]

4 T T HEREAS considerable Disadvantages to the Trade of the Port of London arise from the circuitous

Courfeof the River Thames round the Tradfc of Land, called The ljle of Dogs: And whereas,

4 from the very great and progressive Increase of the Number and Size of Ships and other Vessels trading to

the Port of London, the River Thames, in the said Port, is, in general, so much crowded with Shipping,

Lighters, and other Craft, that the Navigation of a considerable Part of the said River is rendered tedious

and dangerous; and there is much Want of Room in the said Port, for thefafe and convenient Mooring

4 of Vessels and Access to them: And whereas great Inconveniences are also experienced in the said Port, for

4 Want of Regulations concerning the navigating and mooring of Vessels in the fame: And whereas Want of

4 Accommodation for the landing and shipping of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, has for some Years

4 past been experienced, by Reason of the confined and crowded State of the legal Quays in or belonging

to the said Port: And whereas great Delays, Accidents, Damages, Losses, and extraordinary Expences,

4 are sustained from the aforesaid Cause, to the Hindrance of Commerce, and the great Injury of the Publick

4 Revenue: And whereas the said Evils might, in a considerable Degree be remedied, if a navigable Canal

4 for Ships and other Vessels were made across the said ljle of Dogs, between Blachwall and Limehouse Hole,

and if proper Measures were adopted for the better navigating and mooring Ships and other Vessels in the

4 River Thames; and also if good and sufficient Wet Docks and Basons were made in some Part or Parts of

the said ljle of Dogs, with Quays, Wharfs, and Warehouses attached thereto, for the Reception, Dif-

4 charge, and Loading of Ships and Vessels in the IVeJl India Trade: But inasmuch as the fame cannot be

effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, may it therefore please your Majesty that it may

4 be enabled ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, apd by

The Court of the Authority of the same. That the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Com-

t:cmn,onCoun- m0l) Council assembled, shall be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by themselves, their

«m°owered°to Committees, Agents, Workmen, and Servants, to design, lay out, make, maintain, and support, accord-

nnkeTnavigA- ing to fu°h ^an or Plans, and in such Manner and Form as they shall approve of, a navigable Canal with

bh c.mal aooTj proper and necessary Cuts, Flood Gates, and other Works adjoining or belonging thereto, to be situated in

tiic Me of Dcgs. and pais through the said Tract of Land called The ljle of Dogs, in the Hamlet of Pcplar and Blackmail, and

Parish of Stebonheath, otherwise Stepney, within the Tower Division of the County of Middlesex, commonly

called The Tower Hamlets, and to communicate with the River Thames, at or near Blachwall aforesaid, and

also at or near a Place called Limehouse Hole, so as to open, provide, and afford, a safe, ready, and con-

venient navigable Courle and Pafl’age, for Ships and other Vessels, across the said ljle of Dogs.

44 Power to build Piers at Blachwall and Limehouse Hole, to facilitate the Entrances into the Canal, butfo as

44 not to injure the Navigation of the River. § 2. Line of Canal and the Docks, £5Sc. to be according to

44 a Plan and Book of Reference, deposited and to remain in the Offices of the Clerks of the Peace for mid*

44 dlcfex and the Tower Hamlets, without Deviation, unless wiih the Consent of Parties interested in the

44 Lands. § 3. Power to the said Common Council to enter Lands, and survey, design, and set out. § 4.

_ 44 Powers to supply the Canal with Water from the Thames, and for that Purpose to make Soughs^ Aque-

44 diutts, isle, and to cleanse Watercourses and raile the Banks thereof; and to make Watering Places for

44 Cattle; and to dig, remove, and carry away Earth, Uc. and to build Bridges, Flood Gates, Toll

44 Houses, Uc. and to divert and alter Ways, Bridges, Uc. and to lay and work Materials on the adjoining

44 Grounds; and to make Bricks, and take Sand from the River; and to make or alter Fences, isle, and to

44 make Towing Paths, Uc. and to make and do all other Things necessary, Uc- doing as little Damage as

44 may be, and making Satisfaction for Damages. § 5. Power to arch over, fill up, or alter Sewers and

44 Drains, and to build new ones under the Direction of the Justices and Commissioners of Sewers, for

44 the Tower Hamlets, exclusive of Saint Catherine's and Blachwall Mar]})* Such new Sewers to be vetted in

44 and under the DircCtion of the Commissioners of Sewers. § 6,”

Powrr to make

and maintain

Dtawar.dSwivel

Bi id"cs —

, Mayor and

Commonalty

and Citizens to

fcr indi&ahie in

c fe Che lame

Are not kept in

ftrpair*

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in

Common Council assembled, and they are hereby directed and required, on or at any Time after the making

of the said Canal and Cuts, to make and build such good and substantial Draw' Bridges and Swivel Bridges for

Carriages and Palfengers, over the said Canal, and the Cuts and Sluices which shall belong thereto, or any

of them, and at such Places as they shall deem necessary, and for ever to keep the fame in good and fubidantiat

Repair; and to raile, level, or fink the Highways adjoining to the said Bridges, and to fence the fame with

Rails, Potts, or Banks, where necessary or required by the Surveyors of the Highways; and the Mayor and

Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and their Successors, shall be liable to be indidled for not

x making

