A. D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. xxx.—xxxviii. 221

Cap. xxx.

An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia^.

ment, the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of

His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of H;s present Ma-

| iefty. for repairing the Roads from the North End of Brown'$-Lane, in Great Stnughton in the County of

Huntingdon^ to the Way Post near Wellingborough Bridge in the County of Northampton, and from the

Pound in Kimbolton to the Way Poll near Brington Bridge, in the said County of Huntingdon.

[toth May 1799 ]

Cap xxxi.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par*

liament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, offeveral Acts, for repairing the Road from

the North End of Mailing Street, near the 'I own of Lewes, and certain other Roads in the County of

Sussex.—[ 1 oth May 1799. J

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the thirteenth Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Newark-upon-Trent, in the

County of Nottingham^ to join the Turnpike Road from Nottingham to Grantham, in the County of Lin-

coln, near the Guide Post on the Fofs Road near Bingham, in the said County of Nottingham.

[10th May 1/99-3

Cap* xxxiii.

An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

. liament, the Term, and to alter, enlarge, and repeal some of the Provisions of two Act's, passed in the

twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the fifth Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing of the Roads from an Intrenchment on

Afkerwell Hill, through Bridport to Penn Inn, from Bridport to Beaminjhr, from the North End of the

South Street of Bridport to Bridport Harbour, from the North Turnpike Gate at Beaminster to Bea-

minster Wood, other wise Wood Common, and to Lenham's Water, all in the County of Dorft.

• . £ioih AAay 1799*3

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par*

, liament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the thirtieth Year of

the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His pre-

sent Majesty, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing and widening the Road from the North End

of Dapden Wharf, intheParish of Stoke, next Guide ford, through Guldeford, to Andrew's Cross, and to

Alfold Bars, in the County of Surrey, and from thence to New Bridge, in the County of Sussex*

[10th May 1799.]

Cap. xxxv.

An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia-

ment, the Term, and to alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the nineteenth Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Gander-Lane in the County of

Derby, to Sheffield in the County of York, and from Mojbrough-Green to Qown, both in the said County

of Derby.—[20th May * 799-3

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act for better supplying the Town and Port of Liverpool with Water, from certain Springs in the

Townshipof Bootle, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.—[i$\hjune 1799.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two several Acts, the one passed in the

twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the fifth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road leading from

the North East Corner of Nuffield Common, by the Parish Church of Nuffield, otherwise Tuffidd, in the

County of Oxford, through Wallingford to Wantage, and from thence to Farringdon, in the County of

Berks.—[13th June 1799.]

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for altering, enlarging, and repealing some of the Provisions in an Act, passed in the eighteenth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading ftom the Town of Taun-

ton, and other Roads adjoining thereto, in the County of SomerJ'et; and also for extending the Provisions

of the said Act to a Road from Tucker's Gate, in the Parish of Lyng, to Piper's Inn, in the Parish of

Ashcott, in the said County of Somerset.—[13th June 1799-J

Cep*

