68

A

C. 22.

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III.

A.D. 1759

N9*.

ST ATEMENTS by Persans.of their-own Income, to be delivered to the Assessors, where a Part only is

to be a foiled by Commercial Commissioners, as arising from Trade or Manufacture; and may be de-

livered sealed up or open.

J do declare. That my Income, estimated according to the Directions and Roles of an Act,

passed in the thirty ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An At1 to repeal the

Duties imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the

Prcjccution of the War \ and4o make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties

upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties, and of another Act for amending the said Act, excluding such Part

thereof as arises from Trade or Manufacture, doth not exceed the Sum of per Annum* Dated

the Day of

' Signed

N° 10.

STATEMENTS by Personsof their own Income, to be delivered to the Commercial Commissioners,

where the Whole is intended to be charged before such Commissioners, as arising in Part qr in the Whole

from Trade or Merchandize.

T do declare, That I am willing to pay the Sum of for my Contribution for one

A Year, from the fifth Day of April until the fifth Day of April in pursuance of an

Act, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal the

Duties imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the

Prqfecution of the War 5 and io,make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties

upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties, and of another Act for amending theiaid Act; and I do declare.

That the Sum of is not lese than one ' Part of my Income, estimated according to the DJ-

reftions and Rules prescribed by the said Acts, to the best of ray Knowledge and Belief. Dated this.

Day of Signed

N°-n.

STATEMENTS by Persons of their own Income, to be delivered to the Commercial Commissioners

' where a Part of the Income arises from Trade or Manufacture, which Part only they are desirous should

be addled by such Commissioners.

T do declare, That I am willing to pay the Sum of for my Contribution for one

x Year, from the fifth Day of April until the fifth Day of April in pursuance of an Act,

Passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties im-

Pqfed by an Act, made in the la (I Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prqfecution

of the IVlr; and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income,

in lieu of the said Duties, and ot another Act for amending the said Act; and I do declare, That the Sum of

is not less than one Part of my Income, estimated according to the Directions and Rules

prescribed by the said Act, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, in respect of such Part thereof as

arises from Trade or Manufacture; and that a Statement of the Residue of my Income, not arising from

Trade or Manufacture, hath been delivered to the AiTessors, or one of them, for the of

in the County of Dated this Day of

Signed

N° 12.

C. I 3. Officers of

Corporations are

to jptefy what

Part of the In-

come of such Cor-

porations is net

chargeable to the

hat id f by vir-

tue of the Ex-

emptions in § 87,

68, 89, of that

STATEMENTS of Income by Trustees, Agents, et cetera, on Behalf of others, for whom they aft as

Trustees, et cetera, to be delivered to the Assessors.

Where the Inoome does not amount to sixty Pounds per Annum.

T do declare. That the Income of for whom I am estimated according

x to the Directions and Rules of an Act of Parliament, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his

Present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parlia-

ment, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War; and to make more effectual Pro-

vision for the like Purpoja, by granting certain Duties upon Income* in lieu of the said Duties, and of another

Act for amending the said Act, doth not amount to the Sum of Sixty Pounds per Annum. Dated this

Day of

Signed

