240

C. lxix. Anno tricesimo nono G-eorgii III. A.D. 1799.

Tl>c Quays in

such of the

Docks as /hall

be walled

round, are to

be legal Quays.

The West India

Ships are to

land their

Cargoes within

the Docks, and

the King’s

I Hides are to

be ascertained

of where else.

Cargoes landed

elsewhere shall

be forfeited, and

the Owners, Sec.

of the Ship shall

forfeit tool.

‘But so much of

the Cargoes of

West India Ships

as Hi all con lift

of Tobacco is,

as soon as may

be, after being

unihipptd in

the Docks, to be

conveyed to the

K ing’s Tobacco

Warehouses,

without previ-

41 The Canal to he under the Protection' of the Lord Mayor, as Conservator of the River Thames as if

44 a£lu?.ily Part of the River. § 83. Canal, New Docks, to be Parts of the Port of London, and Vef-

44 (els, l5c. referting thereto, to be subject to the several present Port Regulations and Duties. 4 84.. Goods,

44 &c. landed or shipped upon or from the intended Quays or Wharfs, in the new Docks, subject t6 the lame

44 Regulations, as if landed orttiipped upon or from the present legal Quays. § 85.°

LXXXVI. And, for the greater Accommodation of the Shipping in the IVejl India Trade, belonging

to or using the Port of London, it is hereby further enacted and declared. That the Quays and Wharfs,

which shall be built by the said Directors as aforesaid, within or along the Sides or Banks of such of the

said Docks as shall be enclosed and defended on all Sides by high Walls, and strong and sufficient Gates,

shall at all Times afterwards be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared to be, to all Intents and Pur-

poses whatsoever, legal Quays and Wharfs for the landing, re-landing, and discharging, lading and shipping,

of any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize whatsoever, within the Port of London; any Law or Statute, or

any Usage or Custom of the City of London, or elsewhere, to the contrary, thereof in anywise notwith-

standing.

LXXXVII. And be it further ensured. That for and during the Term of twenty-one Years, com-

mencing from and next ensuing the Time when the said Dock or Docks, Quays or Wharfs, and Ware-

houses, to be made and built by the said Directors as afore said, shall be so far completed as to be fit and

ready for the Reception of Ships and Goods, all the Ships and Vessels which shall arrive or come from any

Part of the IVejl Indies into the River Thames, with Cargoes of West India Produce, shall unload and land

the Whole of their respective Cargoes within some or one of the said Docks, or on the Quays or Wharfs

which shall belong thereto; and the Duties which shall be payable to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and

Successors, in respectc of the fame, shall thereupon, during the said Term, be afeerrained at such Quays or

Wharfs, and not elsewhere; and the Goods, Wares and Merchandize, being IVejl India Produce, in

respe& whereof such Duties shall be payable, shall or may afterwards be (bored or deposited in the adjoining

Warehouses, or any such other Warehouses as the Owners or Consignees thereof respectively shall think

proper: And in cate any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, being IVejl India Produce, shall, at any

Time or Times during the said Term of twenty-one Years, be landed (rom any Ship or Vellef in the Weft

India Trade, in any other Place or Places in or near the Port of London, than the said Quays or Wharfs

within the said Dock or Docks, then, and in every such Cafe, the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so fo

be landed, shall be forfeited to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and shall or may be lawfully seized

accordingly, by any of the Officers of his Majesty’s Customs or Excise, and disposed of according to law ;

and the Owner or Owners, or Matter of any such Ship or Vessel, shall for every such Offence forfeit and

pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is mentioned.

LXXXVIII. Provided always nevertheless. That all such Part or Parts of the respective Cargoes of the

Ships or other Vessels arriving or coming, during the said Term from the WJl Indies into the River

Thames, as shall consist of Tobacco, shall as soon after being unshipped in some or one of the said Docks

as conveniently may be, and without any previous Ascertainment of the Duties thereof, be transmitted or

conveyed in Carts or decked Lighters to some or one of the King’s Tobacco Warehouses for the Time

being, at the Charges of the said West India Dock Company, who shall be entitled to, and receive from the

respective Owners or Consignees thereof, or their respedbive Factors or Agents, and that before the said

Tobacco shall be taken out of the said Dock Premises, such Recompence or Satisfaction for so conveying

the fame, and after such Rate, as shall not exceed what for the Time being shall be the whole Expence of

conveying Tobacco from the Tobacco Ships at their proper Moorings in the said Port, to the King’s

Tobacco Wharehouses.

ouily afccrtairu'ng the King’s Duties.

And if at any

Time West India

Ships can net be

admitted into

The Dock', the

Commissioners

ci Customs may

authorize the

Cargoes of those

particular Sh.ps

to be landed at other legal Quays.

LXXXIX. Provided also nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, That if at any Time or Times

it should happen, that by Reason of the said Docks being filled with shipping, or of some Accident, or other

Cause, any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, which shall have come from the West Indies into the River

Thames cannot be admitted into and unloaded in and at the said Docks, Quays, and Works of the said

Company, pursuant to this Act, then, and in every such Cafe, it shall be lawful for any three or more of the

Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England, for the Time being, to permit the Cargo of any such

Ship or Vessel to be landed and discharged at such other legal Qiuy or Quays, or other Place or Places

within the Port of London, as they the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint.

Ships arriving

from other Parts

than the Weft

Indies, with

West India Pro-

duce on board,

todischarge such

Produce within

one of the

Dock?, if any

thiee or more

of the Commis-

fiom rs of Cuf-

toms shall so

XC. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That at any Time or T’mes after the said Docks,

Quays, or Wharfs, and Warehouses, shall be ready for the Reception of Ships and Goods, it shall be

lawful for any three or more of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England, by Writing under

# their Hands, to order and direct that any Ship or Slfips, Vessel or Vessels, which shall arrive or come into

the River Thames from any other Part or Parts of the World than the IVji Indies, with Goods, Wares,

or Merchandize on board of the Growth and Produce of the West Indies, shall unload and land so much of

her or their Cargo, or respefbive Cargoes, as shall confitt of any such last mentioned Goods, Wares, or

Merchandize, within some or one of the said Docks, or on the Quays or Wharfs which shall belong jhereto,

and that the King’s Duties in respe& of the fame shall thereupon be ascertained at such Quays or Wharfs,

and not elsewhere; and that every such Order, after being delivered on hoard of any such Ship or Vessel, to

or for the Person having the Charge or Command thereof, shall be obeyed accordingly; and if any such

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, being of the Growth or Produce of the Well Indies, shall be afterwards

9 landed

