iQ2 C. %q6. . . Ation tricesiroo nono Geoboii III. A.D. 1799.

Qaoti /hall be

corti l'ted

uith.n three

Mi nths alter

passing this -

Act ; qtyi cep

Jitivd to the

Secretary at

War, and No-

tice given to

the Command-

ing C nicer.

IX. And be it farther enabled. That the Quota or Number of Men required by this Afl, where the feme

is npw deficient, shall be completed within three Calendar Months after the passing of this Act; and when

and as (bon as any such Quota or "Number of Men shall be completed, the Lieutenant, or, in the Absence of

the Lieutenant, any three Deputy Lieutenants of such. County, Riding, or Place, authorized by his Majesty

to act as Lieutenant, shall, and he and-they is and are hereby required forthwith to certify the fame in Writ-

ingxo the Secretary at War, and to give Notice to the Commanding Officer of the Militia of such County,

Riding, or Place, of such Certificate having beenfent as aforesaid : Provided always. That the Quota of any

County, Riding, or Place, shall not be 'deemed to be complete until all the Men required by such Quota

shall have joined the Regiment, Battalion, or Company, or Regiments, Battalions, or Companies of Militia,

of such County, Riding, or,Place.

Quota finllnot be deemed complete till ail ihe Men have joined.

1 Where the

Quota shall not

be completed

within three

Months alter

parting this Act,

10I. shall be

paid annually

by the County,

&c. for each

• Man deficient,

to be asserted at

the Michaelmas

Sessions, as

like wife in fu-

ture for 5very

Man not pro-

vided within

three Months

after Notice of

any Deficiency.

The Magiftrotr s

r4ih&ll apportion

'such Allcrtf-

tnents upon a

whole County

in the fame

Proportions in

which the Men

are required to

be raised by the

Pari Ihcs i

and when the

Deficiency shall

arise from the

Default of any

partkijlarPanlh

or Parishes,shall

aflefi them ac-

coidingly.

The Magistrates

/hall trajifmit

the Sums af-

ftfled to tnc

County Trea-

surer, 8cc. who

/hall give No-

tice ther<-of to

the O .erfeeTS,

who /hail pay

the Money cut

of the Poor

Rates. '*

TrcifnrrfS

Chill retain

Mot!':, three

Mor.t.v-, curing

which i’triod

X. And be it further enatRed, That in every County, Riding, or Place, in which the full Number of

Private Men required as the Quota of such County, Riding, or Place, b,y this Act, shall not be raised and

completed, within three Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, then and in every such Cafe the Sum

of ten Pounds shall be annually paid, for and in lieu of every Private Militia Man by this A & diredhrd to be

raised within the same County, Riding, or Place, who shall not have been raised within the Time limited by

this Act; and the Justices of the Peace and Magistrates of every such County, Riding, and Place, aflem-

bled at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be held next after the Feast of Saint Michael, in the

Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall, upon the Receipt of the Certificate of the Lieute-

nant, or three Deputy Lieutenants, authorized as aforesaid, which Certificate he and they is or are hereby

required to transmit to the Clerk of the.Peace for such County, Riding, or Place, to be laid before the said

Justices and Magistrates respe&iyely at such Seflkms, rate and assess the said Sum of ten Pounds per Man

as aforesaid, upon every such County, Riding, or Place; and in case at any future Time the Number

of Men required to be provided for the Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, according to the several

Provisions of this Act, shall not be provided within three Calendar Months after the Lieutenant, or any oile

of the three Deputy Lieutenants authorized as aforesaid, shall have had Notice from or by the Oder of the

Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of such MilUia of any such Deficiency, then and

in every such Cafe the Justices and Magistrates as aforesaid, assembled at the next General or Quarter Sef-

lions of the Peace holden for the County, Riding, or Place, after such Deficiency shall have been made known

to them by the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, shall rate and assess the like Sum of ten Pounds

for every Man so deficient as aforesaid, upon every such County, Riding, or Place.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Justices and Magistrates aforesaid, in making

any such Rate and Assessment upon the Whole of any County ^Riding, or Place, shall apportion the Sums lb

to be alTeftld as aforesaid, and rate and assess the fame upon the several Parishes and Tythings in such

County, Riding, or Place, in the fame Proportions in which the Men for the Militia are required to be

raised by such Parishes and Tythings respectively, according to such Apportionment as may have been

made thereof in pursuance of this Ac!, or to the last Apportionment that shall have been made of Men to

be raised by each Parish and Ty thing, by the last General Meeting of Lieutenancy held before the passing

of this Act.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when, in any County, Ricfing, or Place, such De-

ficiency of Men shall arile from the Default of any particular Parish or Parishes, Ty thing or Tythings, in

such County, Riding, or Place, in not raising the Proportion or respeciive Proportions of Men required to

be raised by any such Parish or Tything, or Parishes or Tythings, that then and in any such Cafes the said

Justices and Magistrates, in making such Rate and Assessment as aforesaid, shall rate and ajlefs all and every

such Sum and Sums of Money upon such Parish or Tything, or Parishes or Tythings, that shall have (o

made Default as aforesaid, in Propoition to the Number-of Men by which each of such Parishes or Ty-

things shall fall short of the Number of Men required to be raised therein.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Justices and Magiltraces of the several Counties, Ridings, and

Places, where any such Rate and Assessment shall be made as aforesaid, shall, immediately after the making

of any such Rate and Assessment as aforesaid, transmit, or cause to be transmitted, the several Amounts of

the Sums so allelTed upon the several Parishes and Tythings to the Treasurer or Treasurers of such County,

Riding, or Place; and such Treasurer or Treasurers shall, as soon as conveniently may be, caule Notice

thereof lobe given to the respective Ovcrfcersof the Poor of the several Parishes and Tythings upon which

any such Rare or Assessment shall have been made as aforesaid 5 and such Overseers shall, within fourteen

Days aft .t fuel) Notice as aforesaid of such Rate or Assessment, pay the Amount of the Rate or Assessment

made upon their reflective Parishes or Tythings out of any Money in their or any of their Hands of the

Rates for the Relief of the Poor; and if they, or any of them, shall not have sufficient of such Money for

that Purpose, then (ucn Ovei leers shall, and they are hereby required to puke a Rate for the Relief of the

Poor sufficient to satisfy such Rale and Assessment; and it shall be lawful for the said Overseers to levy and

collect the fame in such Manner as Rates made for the Relief of the Poor, or any other. Rates made for the

Purposes of this A Si may be levied and collected.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer or Treafiirers, receiving any such Sum or Sums of

Money, shall retain fuen Sum and Sums of Money in his Hands fxMtthree CalcuJar Months after the Receipt

thereof; and during the said Period of three Months it shall be lawful for any Deputy Lieutenant of the

Subdivision of the la,d County, Riding, or Place, within which such Parish, Township, or Place shall be

liiuate, to raise any Volunteer or Volunteers for such Militia in lieu of such Manor Menas shall be lo

deficient,

/

