A.D. 1800.

478

r . ^is to assist

N' '/.fi Ships in

i eirrencfc to

or Jilts.

Pilot* mi fbehav-

in. shall fork it

not exceeding

WJ*|

*nd, on Com-

plaint by Com-

missioners to the

'J rinity House,

such Pilots may

be suspended.

Hates for pilot*

frs British

Rates for pilot-

ing. A lien Ships.

C. x. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III.

into and up the said River Humber, in case none of the said River Pilots shall be ready and offer to condu£t and

pilot *he fame; nor to prevent or hinder any Person or Persons from assisting any Ship or Vessel in Distress.

“ Pilots shall pay for their first License (ixGuineas, and afterwards three Guineas* §. 3. Trinity House may

M suspend Pilots. §. 4* Cammissioners named for the Purposes of the A&. §. First Meeting of Com*

44 missioners. §.6. Commissionejrs to settle the Clerks and other Officers’ Salaries. $.7. Commissioners to

44 acknowledge their Acceptance of the Trust. 8. Future Meetings of Commissioners. §* 9. Onthe

44 Death of any of the Commissioners, fcfr. others to be ele?led. J. 10.”

XI. And be it further enacted, That every such River Pilot as aforesaid, shall at all Times afford every

Assistance in his Power to any of his Majesty’s Ships, and when any of them shall by Signal or otherwise

appear to be in Want of a Pilot, shall goto assist and pilot-such Ships in Preference to any other Ship or

Vessel whatsoever; and in case any such River Pilot shall refuse or neglect to take the Charge or Conduct of

any of his Majesty’s Ships, or any other Ship or Vessel whatsoever, upon a proper Signal being made, or a

Gun or Guns fired by any Ship or Vessel inw2rd-bo\md, or at the Request of the Matter, Commander,

Owner, Agent, or Configure of any Ship or Vessel outward-bound; or if any such River Pilot shall refuse

or neglect to give every Assistance in his Power to any Ship or Velfei in Distress, or in Want of any extra

Assistance; or in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners that any such River Pilot shall have miftehaved

himfclF in the Conduct of any Ship or Vessel, or in the Execution of his Duty as a River Pilot; er if any

such River Pilot shall (without some neasonable Exoufe) refuse to obey any Summons rffued in pirfuancecrc

the Order of any five or more of the said Commissioners, requiring his Appearance before them, or to obey

such Orders as shall be made and parted at any of their Meetings for the Purposes of this Act, every such

Pilot shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds for every such Offence; and if the said

Commissioners, upon Examination of the Cause of Complaint, shall think that the Pilot so offending should

be suspended or broke, and shall (late the Matter of Complaint and such their Opinion to the said Corpora-

tion of Wardens, Elder Brethren, and A Aidants, the said Corporation are hereby required to inquire into

‘the Matter of Complaint, and upon Proof of the Offence complained cf, by the Oath of any credible Wit-

nefs, {which Oath the said Mayor and Aldermen, Acting Warden or his Deputy, Eider Brother or Assist-

ant, or any one of them, is hereby empowered to administer,) according to their Discretion, either to fuf-

pend or to entirely break and dismiss such Pilot, and to declare his Licence to be void; and such Pilot shall

be accordingly either suspended, or* broke and dilmifted, and his Licence shall be from thenceforth utterly

void, as the Cafe shall be; and if any such River Pilot, after being suspended, or broke and dismissed as afore-

said, and Notice thereof in Writing, signed by the Clerk, given to such Pilot, ot left at his ufnal Place of

Abode,shall, during the Time of such Sufpenfron, or after such Dismission, take upon himself to pilot or con-

dud any Ship or Vessel into or out of the said Port of King ft on- upon Hull aforesaid, or uponjany Part of the

said River below the said Port, or out at Sea between the Entrance into the said River and the Place where

the Northnefs of Dimlwgton bears as aforesaid, be {hdl forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not

exceeding twenty Pounds.

XII. And, for ascertaining the Rates to be paid to the find River Pilots for the conducing or piloting

4 any Ships or Vesselsas aforesaid,’ be it further enacted, That no greater Rates shall be demanded or taken

by any such River Pilot, than what (lull be from Time to Time ascertained, fixed, and settled by the said

Commissioners at any of their Meetings, so that the Rate so to be ascertained, fixed, and settled for piloting

or conducting any Ship or VefiH belonging to any of his Majesty’s Subjects, into the said Port of Kingston-

upon-Huliy from the Place at Sea where the North mjs of Dimhngton bears as aforesaid, be not le(> than three

Shillings nor more than five Shillings for every Foot of Water such Saip or Vessel shall draw, 2nd so in Pro-

portion for the Fraction of a Foot, such F radio n not being lei's than Haifa Foot; and for piloting and con-

ducing any such Ship or Vessel into the said Port from the Place within the said River Humber where the

Spurn Lighthouse bears North-edt, cr from any Distance within the said River Humber to the Buoy of the

Burcome, not less than two Shillings and Sixpence nor more than three Shillings and Sixpence for every

Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel Ihull draw, and so in Proportion for the Fraction of a Foot, such Fraction

not being less than Halt a Foot -T and for piloting and conducing any such Ship or Vessel into the said Port

from the Distance of the said Buoy, not less than two Shillings nor more than three Shillings for every

Foot of Water such Ship or Velfei shall draw, and so in Proportion for every Fra&ionofa Foot* such

Fraction not being less than Half a Foot; and for piloting and conducting any such Ship or Vessel into the fad

Port from If bite booth koadio the said River Humber, not less than one Shilling nor more than two Shillings

for every Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel shall draw, and so in Proportion for the Fradion of a Foot,foefo

Fraction not being less than Haifa Foot; and for piloting and concluding any such Ship or Vessel from the-

said Port, so far out to Sea as to bring the said Northncfi of Dimlingtpn to bear as aforesaid, not left than

three Shillings nor more than five Shillings for every Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel shall,draw, andfo,

in Proportion for the Fradion of a Foot, such Fradion not being less than Half a Foot.

XIII. 4 And, for afeertairing the Rates to be paid to the said River Pilots for the conducing-or pHdting:

4 any Alien Ship or Vessel,’ be it further enacted, That nogreater Rates-ftudlbe demanded or taken by any

such River Pilots, than what shall bs from Time to Time ascertained, fixed* and settled by. the said Comxffl-

fic>i>ers, so that the Rate to be ascertained, fixed, and settled, for piloting or conducting any. Ship or VefiH

belonging to Aliens in the said Port of King fton-upon-Hulk from the Place at Sea where the Njrtbnefstf

Dimlwrjon bears as atoreffod, be not less than five Shillings nor more than (even Shillings for every Foot of

Water such Sl ip or Vessel shall craw, and so in Proportion for the Fradion of a Foot, such Fradion wt,

being less than Half a Foot; and for piloting and conducting my such Alien Ship or Vdfel into toe fin'd Pott

froia the Place within the Humber where the Spurn Lighthouse bears North-eastjOr ftom^ny Distaocc witta

1^.

