352 C. 6o,'6i. Anno 39® 8c 40® Georgii III. A. D, 1800.

being ; and that such of the Duties of Excise as shall arise or become payable in that Part of Great Bri*

tain called England, under or by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of Wine or Spirits respectively the

Produce of the said Settlement, or the Territories or Dependencies thereof* shall be under the Manage*

ment of the Commissioners of Excite in England for the Time being, and such thereof as shall arise or

become payable in that Part of Great 'Britain called Scotland^ shall be under the Management of the Com-

missioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

The Duties of X. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties of Excise reflectively shall be raised, levied, col-

lixcifc and lected, and paid, under and subject to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, (except where

p"*any Alteration-therein isexpressly made by this Act,) bines. Penalties, and Forfeitures, which, in or by

RcluUtiw re- any Act or Acts Farliament in force at the Time of passing this Act, are contained, provided, settled,

spedin£ wines or established for or in respect of any of the Duties on Foreign Wine and Spirits respefctively, or for de-

and spirits. tecting or punishing Frauds relating thereto, and the Drawbacks of Excise by this Act directed to be

paid or allowed for or in respect of any such Wine, shall be paid and allowed, under and subject to the Rules,

Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, which, in or by any Act or Acts

of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, art contained, provided, settled, orefta-

blished, for or in respect of the Allowance or Payment of the Excise Drawbacks of the Duties on Wines;

and the said Rujes, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, shall, and the fame respectively are hereby

declared to be and remajn in full Force and Effect, and shall be used, applied* and put in Execution fur

the Purposes of such Duties and Drawbacks of Excise as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofrs

as if the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, were par-

ticularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

sa Car. a. c. XI. And be it further enacted. That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, For-

A«anli*ll0thcr futures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in and by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign

the Exdfc ex-° °* King Charles the Second, intituled. An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and fr-

iended to this nitres in capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu

A3, thereof or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty’s Revenue of Excise, upon Beer, Ale,

. and other Liquors, are provided or pftablished for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or

recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than and in such

Cafes for which other Penalties or Provisions are made and prescribed by this Act,) shall be used, practised,

and put in Execution in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and

paying the Duties of Excise by this Act imposed or directed to be paid, as fully and effectually to all In-

tents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures,

Clauses, Matters, and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

Duties wider XII. And be it further enacted. That the several Duties by this Act imposed or directed to be paid, shall

ahSliwiiTi0the ^ °PProPr’aled and applied in like Manner as the Duties respectively by this Act repealed or lessened were,

same Manner as by the former Laws relating thereto respectively in force immediately before the commencement of this Act,

former Dutiet appropriated and applied,

repeated or tefTened hereby.

CAR LXT.

An Act to revive and continue, until the first Day of July one thousand eight hundred

and one, such Part of an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, for reducing

the Duties upon Spirits distilled from Mdaflcs or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith,

and for other Purposes, as relates to the Duties on Wore or Wash brewed or made

from Melasses or Sugar. [30th June 1800.]

* \WHEREAS it is expedient to revive and continue, f<?r a limited Time, a certain Part of the Act

4 VV herein-after mentioned :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it

enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

C. s. of this of the fame. That so much and such Part of an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled,

Seifton [§ 1.] An Act for reducing, Until the first Day ofJune one thousand eight hundred\ the Duties upon Spirits distilledfrm

as relates to the Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith ; for prohibiting the Difiliation of Spirits from Wheat, or Wheat

* ^ouf > an& for reducing, until the twentieth Day of September one thousand eight hundreds and better cel*

Itbm Melartc/ kflingy the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch, as relates to the Duties upon Wort or Waft

or Sugar, or to brewed or made from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, or to any Distiller or Distillers of

any Distillcr of Maker or Makers of Spirits, shall, from and immediately after the first Day of June one thousand eight

Spirits, tbali, hundred, be revived and continued, and the fame is hereby revived, and shall continue in full Force and Ef*

iSw/berc-# ^ct’ ^om anc* immediately after the said first Day of June, until and upon the first Day of July oat

vived, and con- thousand eight hundred and one.

tinued till July j, i*ou

CAP.

