A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. C. 21.

XXL And be it farther enacted, That before the Bounty on any Debenture shall be paid by any Col-

lector of Excise, the Owner or Proprietor of the Pilchards, by whom such Bounty shall be claimed, shall

make Oath that no Bounty whatever has been paid, recovered, or allowed, nor any Debenture made out or

granted for or in respect of the Pilchards, or any Part thereof, which are or shall be mentioned or spe-

cified in such Debenture, and that all such Pilchards are well and perfectly cured and packed, and, are

good and merchantable Fish j which Oath such Collector is hereby authorized and empowered to ad-

minister.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietor or Owner

of such Pilchards, or to and for any other Person or Persons who may be legally entitled to the fame, to

fell or dispose of such Pilchards, or any Part thereof, either for Home Consumption or for Exportation,

itibjed nevertheless, if exported, to the Rules, Regulations, and Provisions, to which the Exportation of

Pilchards is now liable: Provided always. That no such Pilchards shall at any Time be fold or dirposed

of, save and except in the original Barrels, marked and branded by the proper Officer or Officers of the

Revenue, jjinlefs such Pilchards shall be sold by Retail in less Quantity than one Barrel, and in case any’

Fish Curer, or other Person or Persons, shall fell or dispose of any Pilchards contrary to the Directions of

this Act, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no further or other Bounty than that which is given and grant-

ed by this Act, shall be claimed, paid, or allowed, for or in respect of any Pilchards for which a Debenture

for the Bounty granted by this Act has been made out, for or on account of any such Pilchards being

exported; any Thing in this, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary in any wise not-

Wthstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Bond or Security given or taken for Salt to be used or em-

ployed in curing or preserving Fish, nor any Certificate made out in relation to any such Salt, shall be sub-*

jed to any Stamp Duties; any Thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in

anvwife notwithstanding. ,

XXV. And Be it further enacted, That no Fee, Gratuity, or Reward, shall be taken or received by any

Officer or Officers of the Revenue, for or on Pretence of preparing or making out any Bond, Certificate,

or Permission required by this Act, or for or under any other Account or Pretence whatever, on Pain of

forfeiting the Sum of five Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit, forge, oralter, or

cause to be counterfeited, forged, or altered, any Certificate in any Cafe in which a Certificate is by this

Ad required to be used, given, or granted, or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause to be fogged, coun-

terfeited, or altered, any Indorsement or any such Certificate, every such Person so offending shall forfeit

five hundred Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall be convicted of wilfully tak-

ing a false Oath in any of the Cafes in which an Oath is required to be taken by this Act, shall be liable

to the Pains and Penalties to’ which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatever shall resist, oppose, mo-

left, hinder, or obstrud, any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, in the due Execution of this Act,

every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred

Pounds.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Owners or Consignees of

any such Cargo of Fish, salted or cured under the Provisions of this Act, or the Matter"# any such Vessel

laden with any such Fish as aforesaid, under this Act, to discharge and unlade, and cause to be ddcharged

and unladen, all such Fish as aforesaid, by such Persons, and in such Manner, and at such Times and Places,

(except as is provided by this Act with respect to the Officers of Excise,) as such Owners, or Consignees,

or Matters, reTpcdively, shall judge proper; and no Person or Persons employed by any such Owner, Con-

signee, or Matter, in unloading any such Fish, or discharging any such Vessel, shall be liable to any Penalty

or Forfeiture, or subject to any Restriction in respect thereof; and no Port or other Fees or Dues shall be

payable or paid in respect of the unloading of any such Fish or discharging of any such Vessel; any Ad or

Acts, Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Person engaged or employed in the taking, catching, faking,

curing, or preserving, any Fish, under the Provisions of this Act, or who shall be preparing to depart on

board of or with any Vessel, and Nets, for the Purpose of engaging in taking, catching, salting, curing, or

preserving Fish, under this Act, nor any Person returning therefrom, shall be impressed into his Majesty’s

Service, but shall, and is hereby privileged and exempted therefrom, until the fifteenth Day of October one

thousand eight hundred and one: Provided always. That every such Person preparing to proceed on any

Voyage or Trip under this Act, shall be fumilhed with a Certificate from the Collector or Comptroller of

the Customs at or near the Port or Place to which he may belong or refuie, that he is actually and bona

fide preparing to proceed on such Voyage or Trip, which Certificate such Collector or Comptroller is

hereby directed and required to deliver to every such Person as aforesaid applying for the fame, without Fee

or Reward.

XXXI. ‘ And whereas by an Act, made in' the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

4 intituled, At1 for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise and for

5*1

Before *ny

Bounty shall be

paid cn Pil-

chards, the Ow-

ner shall make

Oath that no

Bounty has been

paid, and that

they are mer-

chantable Fish.

Such Pilchards

may be sold for

Home Con-

fumption, or for

Exportation,but

only in the ori-

ginal Barrels,

unless sold by

Retail, in iefs

Quantity tiian a

Barrel.

No other Boun-

ty than that

given by this

Act shall be paid

for such Pil-

chards exported.

No Bond or

Certificate to be

subject to Stamp

Duty.

No Fee shall be

taken by any

Officer of the

Revenue on Pe-

nalty of 5I.

Penalty of 500!.

for forging Cer-

tificates, Sc C.

‘Persons taking

a fnlfc Oath to

be liable to the

Penalties for

Ptrjfiry.

Penalty of 200I.

for obffrufting

Officers.

Cargoes may be

unladen as the

Owners shall

judge proper

(except as to

Excise Officers).

No Person em-

ployed in taking

or curing Fish

or prtparing to

depart on a

Voyage, or re-

turning there-

from, shall be

impressed till

(Jt\. 15, i?or,

upon Certificate

from the Officers

of the Customs.

Bounty granted

by 38 Geo 3.

c.«j, [^3.]on

