A.D. 1800. Anno 390 & 40° Georgii III. xciii—ci.

Cap. xciii.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Ye&rs, and from thence to the £nd of the then next Session of Parlia-

ment* the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the seventeenth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty *, for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, feve-

ral Roads leading from the Market House, in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcefiery

and several other Roads therein mentioned. [30th June 180®.]

Cap. xciv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of his

present Majesty's Reign, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, as relates to the

Road from Parkhouse, to or near the Three JVXile House, in the County of Lanark, [30th June 1800.J

£34. Geo. III. Cap. 140. and this Act, to continue for twenty-one Years, ofr. as to the Roads in this Act,

or to expire when the Roads are completed, and all Debts and Charges paid.]

Cap. xcv.

An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair* several Roads lead-

ing from the Hundred House, in the County of Worcester, and also several other Roads therein men-

tioned. [30th June 1800.J

[Acts 26 Geo. II. Cap. 59.; 16 Geo. III. Cap. 78. repealed (except as they repealed former Acts). This

Act to commence July 15, and continue, for twenty-one Years,

Cap. xcvi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair, the Road from a certain Bridge over a Brook or

Stream called Sudbrook, near the City of Gloucester, to the Nine Mile Stone on the Eriftol Road, at or

near a Place called The Clay Pits, in the County of Gloucester\ [30th June 1800. J

[The Act' 19 (7i0.HI. Cap. 93. repealed as to the Tolls, and new Tolls grantfd from July 5. This Act

and recited Act (except as altered) to continue for twenty-one Yeats, (&. from the second Thursday after

passing this Act.]

Cap. xcvii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Gloucester to the Town of Stroud,

in the County of Gloucester. [30th June 1800,]

[The Act 18 Geo.HI. Cap. 98. repealed as to the Tolls* and new Tolls granted from July 5, Continuance

of the Acts the fame as in Cap. xcvi.]

Cap. xcviii.

An Act for vetting Part of the settled Estates devised by the Will of Sir Patrick pfake Baronet, deceased,

situate and being in the Counties of Middlejex and Suffolk, in T ruftees, to be sold fur Payment of Incum-

brances affecting the fame Estates, under theDireftion of the Court of Chancery, and for lay ing out the

Surplus of the Purchase Money in other Estates, upon the Trusts and for the Purposes therein exprertec.

' [3oth June 1800.]

Cap. xcix.

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Sir Richard Hotham Knight, deceased, in

Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Incumbrances, and for laying out the Surplus Monies in other

Estates, lobe settled in lieu thereof and to the same Uses. [3.0th June 1800 ]

Cap. c.

An Act for Sale of certain Estates in the Parishes of Claypole, Great Ponton, and Kirton, in the County of

Lincoln, devised by the Will of the Reverend William Raft all, Doctor in Divinity, and for laying out

the Money arising by Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the lame Uses, and for

other Purposesdn the said Act mentioned. [30th June 1800.]

Cap. ci.

An Act for enabling the Tenants for Life, under the Will of the late William Wright Esquire, to convey

in Fee, or grant Leases for long Terms of Years, for the Purpose of Building, of Part of the Estates de-

vised by the said Will, in the Counties Palatine of Chester and Lancaster. [30th June iSco-j

39 & 40 Geo. III. lloc.&Per,l8£T ' Cap.

v^oooole

