39*

. t

After Sept, t,

igoo, if any

Person ftnl! purt

down or fill up

any Airway, See.

or damage any

Read leading to

or from any

Mine, or, not

having a Right,

flull dig any

Mineral lying In

any Watte, ice.

0

C. 74—77. . Anno 390 & 40° Georgii III. A. D. t8ob.

Example II. Required the Weight of the Twelve-penny Wheaten Loaf, when the Priccof:a BuQiel of

Wheat and Baking is sixteen Shillings and three Pence,

When the givep Sum has an odd Three-pence, its precise Half cannot be found in the Tables $ (in which

Cafe proceed thus—-Find as in the preceding Example:

, , A oz. dwtu

The Weight, when the Price of the Bushel and Baking is sixteen Shillings - 213 .12

.And also the Weight, when the Price of the Bushel and Baking is sixteen Shillings and ,

Sixpence - , - - - - 2 1114

« . , - . Trf—‘

5 9

One Half the Weight, at 16/. 3 d. is - 2 12 13

For the Prices of the Peck Loaf and its Subdivisions, observe that the Price increases in the lame Propor-

tion as the Price of the Bufliei of Wheat, together with the Allowance for Bakings f

Example III. Required the Price of the Peck Loaf, Wheaten Bread, when the Price of the Bushel and

Baking is sixteen Shillings: ' £. s. L

The Price of such Loaf by the Table, when the Bushel and Baking is eight Shillings - o 3 ol

Therefore at sixteen Shillings it mutt be double, or - - - 061

Example IV. Required the Price of the Peck Loaf, when the Bushel and Baking is sixteen ShiHingsand

.three Pence: £• s. L

The Price of the Peck Loaf, when the Bushel and Baking is sixteen Shillings - o 6 1

Do* - - Do. - is 16s* 6d. - i- 064

One Half, or Price, at 16 r. 3 rf.

0 12 5

0 6 2}

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for snaking Allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace.

[9th July 1800.]

[Srr 36 Geo. 3. r. 116. and 39 Geo* 3; c. 103. Act to continue till March 25, 1801.J v

CAP. LXXVI. ' :

An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, arid Persons acting as such, in the Weft Infio

Islands, who have permitted the Importation and’ Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign

Bottoms. [9th July 1800 ]

* Suits for having issued Orders for Exportation or Importation of Provisions, &fe. frqm or to Ulands^nthe

u West Indies in foreign Bottoms, since the Date of the preceding Act of Indemnity^ 30 Geo. III. Cap. 57.

44 (13th June 1799,) made void, ‘ :

f ; y . ’ ;CAP. LX£VII. .. \ , : * {

An Act for the Security of Collieries and Mines, and for the better Regulation of Colliery

and Miners. [9th July 1800.3

c TTT HERE AS from the Situation of the Veins and Mines of Coal and Iron Stone in many Parts of this

4 VV Kingdom, the fame are greatly exposed to the Depreciations of wicked and evil-disposed Persons,

4 and the Laws now in being are inadequate to the Protection thereof :r May it therefore please your Ma-

jesty that it maybe enacted j and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad-

vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affem-

bled, and by the Authority of the same. That if any Person or Pe/fons shall, at any Time after the first

Day of September one thousand eight hundred, wilfully and maliciously pull doWn, fill up, or begm of at-

tempt to pull down or fill up any Airway, Waterway* Drain, Pit, Level, or Shaft, or damage or destroy any

Rail Way, Tram Road, or other Road leading to orifrom* or intended to .lead to or from any Coal Or other

Mine Work, or if any Person or Persons (not having or bofiajide claiming a Right to possess or workihe fame

respectively) shall, from and after the Time above mentioned, wilfully and unlawfully cut, dig, raise, take,

or carry away any Coal, Culm, or other Mineral, frfem any Bed, Bapd, Vein, or Mine, lying apd b^igg ip

any Waste, Open, or Uninclosed Lands, or shall wilfully and unlawfully enter into any Level, Pit, or'Shaft,

with an Intent to dig, cut, raise, take, or carry away therefrom any Coal, Culm, or other Mineral, dr shall

aid, abet, assist, hire, or command any Person or Persons ta commit any such Offence or Offences as frfore-

faldC that then and in every such Cafe all and every such Person or £^r(pns shall be deemed and adjudged to

9 • • be

