A. D. 1800.

Anno 39* 8c 40* Georgii III.

C. 49.

335

XXIV. Provided also. and be it further enacted. That nothing herein contained shall be construed to ex-

tend to charge any Lodger in respect of the Amount of any Assessment computed upon the Duties on

Houses, Windows, or Lights, for any greater Proportion of the House than what {hall be in his or her actual

Occupation ; and that in every such Cafe the Part actually occupied by such Lodger shall be considered, for

the Purposes of this Act, as t separate and distinct Dwelling House.

No Lodger

chargeable in

respect of the

House Tax, fee.

in any greater

Proportion than

for the Part in his Occupation.

Where the

Commissionera

/hall assess any

Person at a

greater Amount

than that con-

tained in his

own Statement*

or shall within

twelve Months

discover thatany

Increase ought'

to be made, they

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in every Cafe where the Commercial Commissioners, or Com-

missioners acting for any Division, shall assess any Person or Persons at any greater Amount than the Sum

delivered in, in the Statement of such Person or Persons 5 or where the said Commissioners shall at any Time

within the Space of twelve Calendar Months after such Assessment shall have been made, discover that

any Increase ought to be made to such Assessment, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any two

or more of them, to charge such Person or Persons for every such Increase beyond the Sums delivered in

in such Statement, or the Sum contained in such Assessment, as the Cafe may require, with a Proportion not

exceeding double theAmount by which the Duties with which such Personwould otherwise have been charge-

able under or by virtue of the said Acts or this Act, shall have been so encreased ; unless such Person or Per-

fons shall make it appear, that the Omission complained of did not proceed from any Fraud, Covin, Art, or

Contrivance whatever, or any gross or wilful Neglect,

70 0 may charge for

such Increase a Proportion not exceeding double the. Amount of the Increase, unless it be made appear that the Omission did not proceed from Fraud, &c.

XX VL And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners acting in and for each Di- .upon Enquiry

vision, upon any Enquiry into the Amount of any income, or of any Deduction to be made from any In- ‘ntotheAmount

come, to summon all High Constables, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, and all Clerks to Com- orofanyDeduc-

missioners of Land Tax and Supply and Assessed Taxes, and all Collectors, Supervisors, and other Officers tion, the Com-

of Excise, or any of them respectively, within the Division of the said respective Commissioners, and also all missionersmay

Inspectors and Surveyors, Assessors and Collectors of Assessed Taxes acting fot such Division or any Part

thereof, whom the said Commissioners shall judge able to give Evidence of the Amount of Income or re-

puted Income then under Enquiry, or of the Amount of Deductions to be made thereout; and all Persons

so summoned shall attend the Meeting or Meetings of the said Commissioners mentioned in such Summons,

and bring with them before the said Commissioners, for their Inspection, all such Parochial and other publick

Rates and Assessrner.ts, and all Books, Documents, and Papers relating thereto, and all other publick Books,

Documents, and Papers, as to such Commissioners respectively may teem necessary, and which they shall re-

quire 5 and it lhaj] also be lawful for such Commissioners to examine upon Oath, or solemn Affirmation,

as the Cafe may require, all such High Constables, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, and Clerks

to Commissioners, and all such Collectors, Supervisors, and Officers of Excise, and Inspectors and

Surveyors, Assessors and Collectors of T axes as aforesaid, touching any Matter within the Jurisdiction of the.

said Commissioners in the Execution of the said Acts or this Act, and touching any Matter contained in such

Rates or Assessments, or such Books, Documents, and Papers, as may in any way relate thereto, or that may

better enable such Commissioners to ascertain the annual Amount of any Income, or which ought to be af-

certained or charged to the said Duties, or to the Amount of any Deduction to be made from such Income ;.

and every Person so summoned as aforesaid, who shall neglect tp appear before any such Commissioners, or

to bring dr produce any such Rates or Assessments, or any Book, Document, or Paper required by any such

Commissioners as aforesaid, or to answer to any such Commissioners any Question, on Oath or Affirmation,

touching arty Matter relating to the Execution of the said Acts or this Act, shall, for every such Offence, for-

feit any Sum not exceeding the Sum of twenty Pounds ; and it shall be lawful for any Inspector or Survey-

or to inspect at all feasonable Hours, or demand a Copy gratis of any such Rate or Assessment, or any Book,.

Document, of Paper relating to any such Rate or AlleUment, or any other publick Book, Document, or

Pape*-, as the respective Commissioners in their respective Divisions, or any two or more of them respectively

may" think necessary to further the Enquiry of such Commissioners, or of such Inspectoror Surveyor, in any “S

Maimer relating to the Execution of the said Acts or this Act, and which shall be in the Hands of any such surveyors

summon High

Constables,

Churchwar-

dens, Overseers,

Clerks to Com-,

missioners of

Land Tax* 8tci

who shall bring

with them all

such Documents

as may be re-

quired.

The Commis-

sioners may ex-

amine High

Constables, fee.

on Oath.

Persons sum-

moned, neglect-

ing to appear

or to bring the

Documents re-

quired, or to

answer on

Oath, shall for-

feit not exceed-

Oflfcer dr Person aforesaid, whenever the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall authorize

any fuich Inspector or Surveyor so to do, by Writing under their Hands and Seals ; and if any such Officer or

Person aforesaid shall wilfully neglect, or refuse to permit such Inspection, or to grant such Copy of any such

Rate of Assessment, or any Book, Document, , or Paper, required by such inspeftor or Surveyor, under

the Authority of this Act, every such Officer or Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds.

or

Surveyors may

inspect or de-

mand a Copy

gratis, of any

such Rate, &c.

when autho-

rized by the

Wamnt of two Commissioners. Persons neglecting to permitfuch Inspection, or to grant such Copy, to forfeit 20I.

Where any

Statement has

been delivered

to any Com-

mi/fi oners or

Assessors,? con-

trary to the

Income Acts, or

by Mistake, or

to Commercial

Commissioners

‘by Persons not

entitled to be

assessed by

them* such

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, whenever it shall ap-

pear to any of the said respective Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Acts, or to any Commercial

Commissioners, that any Statement or Statements hath or have been delivered to them, or to any Assessor or

Assessors, contrary to the Directions of the said Acts or this Act, or by Mistake, and contrary to the Intent

of the Party, and such Commissioners shall be of Opinion that the Income declared in such Statement ought

to be ascertained by other Commissioners, or whenever it shall appear to any Commercial Commissioners,

that any Person delivering a Statement to them, is not entitled to be assessed by them, then and in every such

Cafe it shall be lawful for such respective Commissioners, and they are hereby respectively required forthwith

to transmit such Statement or Statements to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to be by them

forthwith sent to the Commissioners to whom such Statement or Statements ought, in the Opinion of the

Commissioners transrnitting the fame, to have been delivered ; and the said respective Commissioners to

whom such Statements were first delivered, shall cause Notice thereof to be given to or left at the usual Place

of

