1

xxii The TITLES of

to5. An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the last Session of

Parliament, intituled, An Act to prevent unlawful Com-

binations of Workmen \ and to substitute other Provisions in

lieu thereof. Pcige 465

107. An Act to permit, until six Weeks after the Com-

mencement of the nrxt Session of Parliament, the Im-

portation of Swedifl) Herrings into Great Britain. 473

10S. An Act for indemnifying the Governor of Surinam, or

the Person acting as fijen, for having permitted the Import-

ation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Fo-

reign Bottoms ; and for making void all Seizures of Ships,

Vert'ds, or Goods, for any Thing done in pursuance of

such Permirtion. * Ibid.

100. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for applying cer-

tain Sums of Money therein mentioned, for the Service of

the Year one thousand eight hundred ; for further appro-

priating the Supplies granted in this Sertionof Parliament,

N and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lot-

tery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or

other Orders, loft, burnt, or Otherwise destroyed. 474 * i. ii. * iv. v.

PUBLIC LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

Anno Regni 39 fc? 40 Georgii III.

i. AN Act for altering, amending, and rendering tnoreef-

x \ fcftual, an Act, made in the twenty-first Year of the

Reign of King George the Second, intituled. An Act for

draining and preserving certain Fen Lands in the several

Parishes ^Maney, Upwell, Welney, Downham, Witch-

am, and in a certain extra-parochial Place in Byal Fen,

within the Jfle of Ely and County ^Cambridge. 476

ii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years and from

thenee to the End of the then next"Session of Parliament,

the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two

Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty,

and in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty, for

repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicejiery in the

County of Leicester, to the Town of A/hby-de-la'Zouch, in

the said County. Ibid.*

lii. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and im-

proving the Roads from the Borough of Leicester, in the

County of Leicester, to the Town of Narborough; and

from the said Borough of Leicester to the Town of Earl

Shilton; and from the said Town of Earl Shilton to the

Town of Hinckley, in the said County. Ibid.

iv. An Act for continuing for a further Term of twenty-one

Years, and from thence to the End of the then next

Session of Parliament, the Term of two Acts, one made in

the twelfth, and the other in the twenty-fifth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, for clearing, .depthening,

repairing, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and

Piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthening and making

more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves into

the said Haven; and preserving Ships wintering therein

from Accidents by Fire ; and also for building a new Bridge

over the Haven of Great Yarmouth; and for altering and

enlarging the Powers thereof, so far as the fame relate to

the said Haven and Piers. Ibid.

v. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-

mons and Waste Grounds within the Parishes of Cantlcy

and Hajjingham, in the County of Norfolk, and for drain-

ing andpreserving the fame, and also certain Marfij Lands

wnhin the said Parishes. Ibid.

the STATUTES.

vi. An Act for continuing for the Term of twenty-one Years*

and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

Parliament, and for altering and enlarging the Powers of

two Acts, one made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other

in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, for repairing the High Road leading from Brent

Bridge, in the County of Devon to Galkin Gatey in or near

the Borough of Plymouth, in the said County. Page^S

vii. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, im-

proving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads, leading

from the Town of lvelchester, in the County of Somerset.

ibid.

viii. An Act for increasing the Tolls authorized to be taken

on the Road leading from Sevenoaks Common to the

Market House in Tunbridge Towny by an Act passed in the

thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

for repairing the Road leading from Sevinoaks Common

to lVoodfgate, Tunbridge IVells, and Kipp infs Crqfs, in the

County Qf Kent, and from Tunbridge Hulls 10 Woodfgate

aforesaid. 477

ix. An Act to continue, for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and alter the Powers, of two Acts, made in the

thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the

fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amend-

ing the Roads leading from the Village of Milford, in the

County of Surrey, through Petworthy to the Top of

Dunckton Hilly and from retworth to Stopbam Bridge, in

the County of Sussex. Ibid.

x. An Act for the Appointment and Regulation of Pilots

for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out of the

the Port of Kingfon-uflon- Hull $ and for ascertaining the

Salvage for Anchors, Cables, and other Ships Materials,

found in the River Humber; and for the better ascertaining

the Tonnage of Ballast Lighters employed at the said Port.

Ibid.

xi. An Act for opening and making two new Streets in the

City of Aberdeen. 483

xii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from

Summerrods Bar, near the Town of Hexham, in the

County of Northumberland\ to the Town of Alftort, in the

County of Cumberland. Ibid.

xiii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two

Acts, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his

late Majesty King George the Second, and in the seven-

teenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for di-

vesting, altering} widen’ng, repairing, and. amending the

Roads from the Town of tlalifyxy and from Sower by

Bridge, in the County of York, by Todmorden, to Burnley

and Littleborough in the County of Lancaster. Ibid.

xiv. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from

Glenwhehy through Haltwhiftle, Hexhamy and tJorhriclgc,

to the Military Road near ShiLlin Bar \ and for making

and repairing a Branch Road from Cor bridge aforesaid, to

Heddon-on-the- Wall, all in the County of Northumberland.

Ibid.

xv. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and

improving the Road from the Village of Adagor to the

Bridge foot in the Town of Chepstow in the County of

Monmouth, and several other Roads in the Counties of

Monmouthy GlouceJiery Hcrcfordy and Brecon, to continue

in Force for twenty-one Y'ears, and from thence to the

End of the then next Session of Parliament. Ibid.

xvi. An

