126

C. 59. Anno triceflmo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Call I cobs. And besides for every £. 100 of the true and real Value thereof,

according to the Gross Price at which such Goods {ball have been

sold at the publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of

England trading to the Eajt Indies, and in that Proportion for any

greater or less Value — — —

— ■ The Drawback of the'last mentioned further Duty of j£. 20 19 1

to be allowed on the Exportation of such of those Goods which

{hall have been printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in this King-

dom, shall be, for every £. 100 of the true and real Value thereof,

according to the Gross Price at which such Goods shall have been

sold at the publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of

England trading to the East Indies, and in that Proportion for any

greater or less Value — — —

China Ware.—For every £.100 of the true and real Value thereof,

according to the Grols Price at which such Goods shall have been

sold at the publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of

England trading to the East Indies, and in that Proportion for any

greater or less Value — —• —

Cotton Manufactures, not otherwise particularly enumerated or

described.—For every £. 100. of the true and real Vakie thereof,

according to the Gross Price at which such Goods shall have been

sold at the publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of

England trading to the East Indies, and in that Proportion for any

greater or less Value — — —

Cowries.— For every £. 100 of the true and real Value thereof, accord-

ing to the Grols Price at which such Goods shall have been sold at

the publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England

trading to the East Indies, and in that Proportion for any greater

or less Value — — —

Dimity.—Fix.

-----* Plain White Dimity, the Yard — —

* ■ For such of the said Goods which shall be exported from this

Kingdom, having been printed, stained, painted, or dyed, therein,

the Yard — — ' —

- And besides for every £. 100of the true and real Value thereof,

according to the Gross Price at which such Goods shall have been

sold at the publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of

England trading to the East Indies, and in that Proportion for any

greater or less Value — — —

* —■ The Drawback of the last mentioned further Duty of £.223 6

to be allowed on the Exportation of such of those Goods which {hall

have been printed, stained, painted, and dyed, in this Kingdom,

shall be for every £. 100 of the true and real Value thereof, accord-

ing to the Gross Price at which such Goods {hall have been sold at

the publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England

trading to the East Indies, and in that Proportion Tor any greater or

less Value * —*■ — — —

Drugs, mantifactured, not otherwise particularly enumerated or described.

—For every £. 100 of the true and real Value thereof, according to

the Gross Price at which such Goods shall have been sold at the

publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England

trading to the East Indies, and in that Proportion for any greater or

Ids Value — — —

Drugs, unmanufactured, not otherwise particularly enumerated or de-

feribed.—For every £. 100 of the true and real Value thereof, ac-

cording to the Gross i rice at which such Goods {hall have been fold

at the publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of Eng-

land trading to the East Indies, and in that Proportion for any

greater or less Value — —. —

Japanned or Lacquered Wares —For every £. 100 of the true and

real Value thereof, according to the Gross Price at which such

Good* {hull have been sold at the publick Sales of the United Com-

pany of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and in

that Proportion for any greater or less Value — —

Muslins plain, Nanquin Cloth, Mullins or White Callicoes flowered or

Hitched.—For every £% 100 of the true and real Value thereof, ac-

Duty.

20

I09

122

53

22

i9

Drawback.

20

19

78

51

119

11

10

10

20

cording

