538 C. i. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A. D. 1800.

Afl (hailnotpre- HI, Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained, shall extend, or be

vent Evidence construed to extend* to prevent Evidence being received by the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs

Wlce^waseont * *n England and Scotland respectively, or in any Suit or Information, that, by Reason of the Smallnefsof the

hoard without Quantity of any such Rice, and other Circumstances, that the fame was on board without the Knowledge

the Knowledge or Privity of the Matter or Pci foil having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel; in like

of the Mider* Manner as is permitted with respect to Corn* by an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of

his present Majesty*, and that, when such Proof shall be so made, such Ship, Vessel or Boat, or any

• [31 Geo. 3. Thing belonging thereto as aforesaid, shall not be forfeited for or on account of such small Quantity of

*• 3°- ^91 Rice as aforesaid.

Penalties and IV. And be it further enacted, That alf Penalties and Forfeitures contained in this Act shall and may

Forfeitures may be (ued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means, and Me-

onder^eLaws t^oc^s’ as any Penalties incurred, or any Goods, Ships or Vessels forfeited for any Offence against the

of Customs.3^ Laws of Customs may now be legally (bed for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, and the Officer or

Officers concerned in Seizures or Prosecutions under this Act shall be entitled to, and receive such Share

of the Produce arising from the Seizures as they are now by Law entitled to upon Prosecution of Seizures

for unlawful Exportation, and to such Share of the Produce arising from any pecuniary Fine or Penalty

or Composition paid for any Offence against this Act, as they are now by. any Law or Regulation entitled to

upon Prosecution for pecuniary Penalties.

39 & 40 Geo. 3* V. 4 And whereas, by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, a Bounty was granted in certain

49- 4 Cafes on Rice imported into this Kingdom, in order to encourage a Supply of the fame ; and by an-

39 & 40 Geo. 3. c ^her Act, also passed in the last Session of Parliament, the Exportation of Rice was prohibited until the

*9 * 4 fifteenth Day of October one thousand eight hundred : And whereas, at the Expiration of that Period,

4 there was great Reason to apprehend that large Quantities of Rice would be exported from this Kingdom,

4 to the great Detriment of his Majesty’s Subjects during the then and present high Price of Provisions:

4 And whereas, for the Prevention thereof, the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs* in pursuance of

4 Directions to that Effect from the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, have prevented the

4 Exportation of all Rice fmee the said fifteenth Day of October, which has proved to be beneficial to the

4 Publick; wherefore it is expedient, that all Persons, iflbing, giving, or advising such Directions asafore-

4 said, or concerned in the issuing, giving, or advising any such Directions, and also, all Persons acting

All perfonsiflli- « under or in pursuance thereof, mould be indemnified :* Be it therefore enacted, That all Persons issuing,

Jng Dircaiws, giving, or advising any such Directions as aforesaid, or concerned in the iflbing, giving, or advising any

acting inpuT-* such Directions, and also, all Persons acting under or in pursuance of the said Directions, and also, all Per-

luance thereof, (ons who shall have been prevented performing any Contraft or Agreement by Reason thereof, shall fce,

for preventing and are hereby indemnified for and on account of the fame, and of any Act, Matter, or Thing done in

th.* Exportation pUrfUanoe of and in conformity with such Directions as aforesaid, as fully and effectually to all Intents and

Purposes whatever, as if the fame Directions had been given, and such Acts, Matters, and Things done in

Ac.* indem- * pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament.

All Actions for VI. And be it further enacted. That all personal Actions and Suits, Indictments, and Informations, and

Refufai to re* all Prosecutions and Proceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be hereafter prosecuted or com-

tcive Entries menced against any Person or Persons, for having refused to receive any Entry or Entries for the Exporta*

for Exportation tion of any Rice, or to clear out any Ship or Vessel with Rice on board intended to be exported before

or so^Non0*cr- Pa®n8 l^s Act, or against any Person or Persons, for or by Reason of any Act, Matter, or Thing

torm^ncTohny advised, commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, in relation to the Prevention of any fuen

Agreement on Exportation of Rice as aforesaid, or against any Person or Persons for or on account of any Contraft or

that Account, Agreement not being performed by Occasion or by Means of any such Exportation having been so bin-

made void. dered or prevented as aforesaid, be, are, and shall be ciifcharged and made void by virtue of this Act; and

that, if any Action or Suit shall be prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons for or by Rea-

son of any such Act. Matter, or Thing, or any such Cvmtraft or Agreement not being performed on such

General I flue. Account as aforesaid, he, (he, or they, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Mat-

ter in Evidence; and if the^Plaintiff or Plaintiff's in any Action or Suit so to be prosecuted or commenced

shall become Nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer Discontinuance, or if a Verdict pass.against

pouhlc Costs. such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs* the Defendant or Defendants shall recover his, her, or their Double Colls,

for which he, (he, or they shall have the like Remedy, as in Cafes where the Costs by Law are given to

Defendants.

If any Action VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit hath been already commenced against any

nKneed^orm" Person or Persons for any such Act, Matter, or Thing, as aforesaid, or on account of any such Contract

such Ref«fat or Agreement not being performed* by Occasion of such HinJerance as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the

or for Non-ptr- Defendant or Defenders in such Actions or Suits respectively, in whatever Courts in Great Britain such

formance of Actions or Suits shall have been commenced, to apply to fuen Court or Courts respectively, to (lay all

Contract, the Proceedings therein respectively, by Motion in a summary Way; and such Court or Courts arc hereby

apply authorized and required to make Orders for that Purpose accordingly; and the Court or Courts nuking

Court to (lay such Order shall award and allow to the Defendants and Defenders respectively. Double Costs of Suit; for

Proceedings, which they shall respectively have the fame Remedy as in Cafes where the Costs are by Law given toDe-

&c. fendants or Defenders.

His Majesty VIII. Provided always, and be it further Enacted, That in case his Majesty at any Time or Times af-

may fromT'ime ter passing of this Act shall, in his Royal Discretion, judge it most for the Benefit and Advantage of

to Time permit r o / 1

the ExpoiULoa

U (tier.

c.

