C. cxi—cxvi. Anno 39* 8c 40® Gboroii III. A. D. 1800.

Cap. cxi.

An Act for continuing, for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then nextSession of Par-

liament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, passed for repairing, amending,

and widening the Road from Keighley, in the Weft Riding of the County of York% to Kirk by in Kendal, in

the County of Westmorland, so far as the fame relate to that Part of the said Road which lies within the

. Counties of Westmorland Lancaster. [9th July 1800.J

[The Term in the Acts 26 Geo* II. Cap. 86. and iS Geo. III. Cap. 113. to cease on the third Monday after

passing this A3; and the recited Acts and this Act to endure from thence for twenty-one Years, &c. J

Cap. exti.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, the Term, and altering and, enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the twenty-eighth

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the tenth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Suttony in the County of Surrey, through the

jBorough of Reigate, by Sid low Mill% to Povey Cross, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the

fame County. [9th July 1800.]

[The Term in the Acts 28 Geo* II. Cap. 28. and 10 Geo. Ill* Cap. 84. to cease ; and the recited Acts and

this Act to continue for twenty-one Years, &c.]

Cap. cxiii.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estatesof the Most Honourable Arthur Marquis of Dovonshire, in the

Kingdom of Ireland, and Earl Of Hilljborough, in the Kingdom of England, in Trustees, to be sold, and

for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and

to the same Uses, and for other rurposes. [9th July 1800.]

Cap. cxiv.

An Act for the Partition of divers Estates of the late Sir Humphrey Brigges Baronet, in which the Right

Honourable Richard Viscount Fitzwilliam9 in the Kingdom or Ireland, the Reverend Richard Huntlej%

and George Brooke Esquire, have undivided Shares. [9th July 1800.]

Cap. cxv.

An Act for confirming a Partition made of the Estates of the late Humphrey Pitt Esquire, and certain

Powers of Sale, mentioned in the Partition Deeds. [9th July 1800. j

, Cap. cxvi.

An Act: for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands in the Parish

df TJcetfiogy in the County of Flint, and in the Parish of Nannercb% in the Counties of

Flint and Denbigh. [9th July 1800.]

• XT 7 HERE AS there are in the Parish of jYJceifing% in the County of Flint % and in the Parish of Nan-

4 VV nerch*, in the Counties of Flint and Denbigh, certain Commons and Waste Lands, containing three

* thousand five hundred Acres or thereabouts: And whereas IVatkin Williams Esquire, is Lord of the Manor

4 of Penbedw, lying within and compriling that Part of the said Parish of Nannerch, which is situate within the

4 County of Denbigh, and Owner of the Soil of all the Commons and Waste Lands within the said Manor,

4 and also Owner of all the Inclosed Lands within the same Manor 1'And whereas the King’s most Excel-

4 lent Majesty, in Right of his Crown, is Lord Paramount of the Lordship or Hundred of Colejhill, in the

4 County of Flint, and Owner of the Soil of the Residue of the said Commons and Waste Lands, subject

4 to a Grant heretofore made, and now vested in the Right Honourable Richard Earl Grosvenor, orhisAf-

4 signs, of all Mines of Lead therein, and subject to such other Rights and Interests (if any) as lawfully be-

4 longed to the said Earl before the passing of this Act : And whereas the said Earl Grofuenor% the Right

4 Honourable Lord Grey de Wilton, Phontas Thomas, Thomas Mojlyn Edwards, John Wynne, David Pub

4 nant Esquires, the Reverend Robert Myddelton Clerk, and others, .are Owners of Meftiiages, Tenements,

4 or Lands in the said Parish of Yjceifing \ and the said Watkin Williams Esquire, Philip Torke, Thomas Mof*

4 tyn Edwards, Robert Myddelton Clerk, and others, are Owners of Mefliiages, Tenements, or Lands in

4 the said Parish of Nannerch, and have in respect thereof Right of Common upon the respective Com-

,4 nmns and Waste Lands of and in the said respective Parishes ; and the respective Rectors of the said Pt-

4 rifhes have also their respective Rights of Common belonging to the Glebe Lands of and in the said re-

4 fpvflive Parishes, the present Rector of Yfceifing being the Reverend William Davies Shipley Clerk, Mailer

4 of Arts, Dean of Saint Asaph, and the present Rector of Nannerch being the Reverend Robert A:iyl

4 Clerk : And whereas a Division and Inclosure of the said Commons and Waste Lands will be of pubhek

4 Uulity, and beneficial to the Proprietors of Lands interested therein, who have prayed the Aid and Au-

4 thoriiy of Parliament to efteft the (ante :* May it therefore please your Msyefty that it may be enacted;

and

