146 C. 78, 79. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A. D* 1799,

to eftarge a Duty

of is. jd. per

Cwt. on the

latter, payable

as lurein men-

tioned.

Penalty of 100L

for mixing un-

malted Grain

with Malt, be-

fore an Account

has been taken

by the Excise

Officer, dec.

3.C 92.

% ,4*

Distillers shall

provide and af-

fix Locks to the

Head andCharge

Cock of their

Stills, to be

locked and

sealed by the

Excise Officer

every Saturday

Nighr, and not

opened till after

12 on Sunday

Night.

Penalty of iool.

hereby authorized* empowered, and required, ffom Time to Time, to measure, weigh, and take an Ac-

count of the exact Quantity and Weight of all the Malt, and also of all the Barley, Bear, or Bigg, or other

Corn or Grain, unmalted or raw, which is to be used for the Purpose of Distillation by any Distiller in any

Part of Scotland, immediately before the fame or any Part thereof shall be put into the Ma(h Tun, and to

charge a Duty of one Shilling and three Pence for and upon every hundred Weight, or one hundred and

twelve Pounds. Weight Avoirdupois, of such Barley, Bear, or Bigg, or other Corn or Grain, unmalted or

raw; which Duty shall be paid by every such Distiller, at the fame Time and in the same Manner, and under

the like Provisions, Penalties, ana Forfeitures, as the Duty upon Malt is payable or paid by him or her, if

he or she is a Maker of Malt, or if such Distiller is not a Maker of Malt, at the fame Time and in the

same Manner, and under the like Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the additional Duty upon Spirits

by this Act continued is directed to be paid by such Distiller; and if any Distiller, Maltster, or other Person in

any Part of Scotland, shall, from and after the said tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-nine, mix any Barley, Bear, or Bigg, or other Corn or Grain, unmalted or raw, with Malt ground

or unground, before the fame shall have been measured or weighed, and the Account thereof taken by

the proper Officer of Excise as aforesaid, or at any other Time or Times than immediately before the

fame is put into the Mafli Tun, which such Distiller is hereby required and obliged to do; or cause to be

done, in the Presence of the proper Officer, and after having given to him twenty-four Hours previous

Notice of the Intention to mash such Grain, or if any such Distiller shall neglect or refuse to give such No-

tice of the Intention to mash, or to keep sufficient ana just Scales and Weights, or to permit the Officer

use the fame for the Purpose aforesaid, or shall not, when required, with a sufficient Number of his or her

Servants assist such Officer in the doing thereof, he or she shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and

lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XIII. And whereas by an Act made in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,it was

4 enacted, That if any Distiller or Distillers in Scotland shall woik or charge any Still or Stills on the Lord's

4 Day, commonly called Sunday; that is to say, that if any Still or Stills shall not be completely discharged

4 and! worked off at or before Eleven of the Clock on Saturday Night, and shall not continue silent or un-

4 charged till One of the Clock on Monday Morning following, or if any Still or Stills shall be found

4 charged or at work, or filled with any Thing other than Water, between the Hours of Eleven of the

4 Clock on Saturday Night, and One of the Clock on Monday Morning, throughout the Year, then every

4 such Distiller or Distillers shall forfeit and lose the Sum of five hundred Pounds for each Offence, and for

4 every Time any Still or Stills shall, on Sunday or between the Hours aforesaid, be so worked or charged ;

4 any Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: And whereas it is necessary to make

4 further Provision against any Distiller charging or Working his Still or Stills on Sunday, or between the

4 Hours of Eleven of the Clock on Saturday Night and One of the Clock on Monday Morning ;’ be it

therefore further enacted, That every Distifler in any Part of Scotland shall, at his or her own Expence*

provide sufficient Locks, Keys, and Faftenings, to be approved of in Writing by the Surveyor or Soper-

visor of the District, and shall affix the fame to the Head or Heads, and Charge Ccck, of his or her

Still or Stills, which are therewith to be securely locked and sealed by the Officer on each and every Satur-

day Night throughout the Year, before the Hour of Twelve of the Clocks and not to be opened again but

by such Officer, nor until after the Hour of Twelve of the Clock on Sunday Night following; and if any

such Distiller shall neglect or refuse to provide and affix such sufficient Locks, Keys, and Faftenings a*

aforesaid. or to pay for the fame, or shall by any Means, Device, or Contrivance, open the Head or

Charge Cock or his or her Still or Stills after the fame shall have been locked, sealed, and secured, by the

Officer as aforesaid, or shall wilfully damage any such Lock, Seal, or other Fattening, every such Distiller

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds,

on Distillers for not providing and affixing Locks, or for opening them.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Societies established for Seditious and Trea-

sonable Purposes; and for better preventing Treasonable and Seditious Practices.

[12th July 1799.]

4 IT THEREAS a traitorous Conspiracy has long been carried on, in conjunction with the Personsfirom

4 W Time to Time exercising the Powers of Government in France, to overturn the Laws, Constitu-

4 tion, and Government, and every existing Establishment, Civil and Ecclesiastical^ both in Great Britain

and Ireland, and to dissolve the Connection between the two Kingdoms, so necessary t6 the Security and

4 Prosperity of both: And whereas, in pursuance of such Design, and in order to carry the fame into

4 Effect, divers Societies have been of late Years instituted in this Kingdom, and in the Kingdom of Ire-

4 land, of a new and dangerous Nature, inconsistent with Publick Tranquillity, and with the Existence of

4 regular Government, particularlycertain Societies calling themselves Societies of United Englishmcriy United

4 Scot/men, United Britonr, United lrijhmeny and The London Corresponding Society And whereas the Mem-

4 bersofmany such Societies have taken unlawful Oaths and Engagements of Fidelity and Secrecy, and

4 used secret Signs, and appointed Committees, Secretaries, and other Officers, in a secret Manner; and

4 many of such Societies arecomposed of different Divisions, Branches, or Parts, which communicate with

4 each other by Secretaries, Delegates, or otherwise, and by means thereof maintain an Influence over large

4 Bodies of Men, and delude many ignorant and unwary Persons into the Commission of Acts highly cri-

4 minal: And whereas it is expedient and necessary that all such Societies as aforesaid, and all Societies of

