586

*S coin tics and

Sureties shall

remain liable.

After signing

-Consent by Ori-

ginal Sureties,

Ac. theCom-

m.flioners may

grant Ex ten bon

of Tim:* of

Repayment of

Loan by three

Instalments

with Interest on

5th March 1S2,

*803, and 1804.

Remedies cf

recited or other

AQs for com-

pelling Repay-

ment ot Loan

Aiall continue,

Ac.

C. 27. Anno  quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

so allowed by the said Commissioners for the Purpose aforesaid, such Persons respectively shall not be de^nrted

or taken to have made Default in Payment of such Instalment of the said Loan under the said recited Acts

unless Default shall be made in the Payment of any such first Instalment as aforesaid, nor shall any Process,

Suit, or other Proceeding* be issued, commenced, or had, nor any Warrant for the fame granted against the

said Parties respectivtly, or their Sureties of Surety, their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, or upon or

in respect of any Securities or Security made, assigned, or deposited, for the Purposes in the said Acts men-

tioned, or other wise, for the Purpose cf recovering or compelling Payment of the said Loan, or any Part

thereof: Provided always, That all and every such Securities and Security and Sureties and Surety afore-

said, shall, at the Expiration of any such Time so granted under this Act as aforesaid, be and remain liable

as such Securities or Security, Sureties or Surety, in like Manner as if such further Time had not been

granted for the procuring such Content as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted. That, from and after the signing of such Consent by such Sureties under

the said Acts or any or either of them as aforesaid, and the Depolit of such further Security or Securities,

Surety or Sureties, (where any such shall be required by the said Commissioners,) it shall and may be law-

ful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to grant and allow, in Man-

ner hereinafter mentioned, to such Parties respectively, such Enlargement or Extension of the Times of

Repayment of such Loan as they the said Commissioners shall in their Discretion think proper, so that the

fame be made payable in Proportions not less, and Periods not longerthan hereinafter particularly men-

tioned; that is to say, in every Cafe where the Whole of any such Loan remains unpaid one third Part of

such Loan, with Interest for the fame at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the fifth Day of

Alarch one thousand eight hundred and tWo; one other third Part thereof, with the like Interest for the

fan.e, on the fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and three; and the remaining third Part

thereof, with the like Interest for the fame, on the fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and four;

and in every Cafe where the first Instalment, or the first and second Instalments on any such Loan, or any

Proportion thereof, hath been or shall be paid, previous to any Application being made for the Enlarge*

ment or Extcnsion of the l ime or respective Times of Payment of the Remainder of such Loan, then the

Remainder of any such Loan at such respective Times, for what may remain due on such Loan, as are

hereinbefore mentioned for the Payment of Instalments of any Loan on which no Part has been paid j and

such Parlies respectively, to whom the said Commissioners shall allow such Enlargement or Exteniion of the

Times of Payment of the said Loan, shall not be deemed or taken to have made Difault in Payment of the

said Loan in Manner directed by the said recited Acts, nor shall any Process, Suit, or other Proceeding be

issued, commenced, or had, nor any Warrant for the fame granted, against the said Parties respectively, or

their Sureties or Surety, their or any of their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, or upon, or in respect

of any Securities or Security made, assigned, or deposited, for the Purposes in the said A& mentioned, or

otherwise, in order to recover or compel the Repayment of the said Loan or any Parc thereof, until the Ex-

piration of such enlarged or extended Times as aforesaid.

46 Certificate of the Grant of such Extension shall be in the Form in Schedule C. which shall be delivered

44 to the Parties, and a Copy kept by the Commissioners. $ 6. [as under 39 and 40 Geo. 3. r. 15. ^ 6.]

44 Previous to receiving Certificates of Extension of Time, all Interest due shall be paid. $ 7. [as undir

44 39 and 40 Geo. 3. c. 13. § 7.]”

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That the said Acts hereinbefore recited, and all Re-

medies thereby provided, and all other Remedies whatever under any Act or Acts, or Law or Laws for re-

covering or compelling the Repayment of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills issued and advanced under

the fame as aforesaid, or enforcing any such Security or Securities, or Proceeding against any Surety or

Sureties, shall continue and be in full Force as against all Persons, and in all Caies, where the Time for

Repayment shall not have been enlarged and extended according to the Provisions of this Act; and also

against all Persons, and in respect of all Securities and Sureties where any further Time shall have been

allowed under the said Acts, or any or either of them, or this Act, for the Payment of any such Loan, or any

Part of any such Loan, in like Manner in every Refpcdf, as if the Bonds, Mortgages, Obligations, or other

Securities given, or Sureties who shall have become bound in respect of any Loan, for the Rcpiymerit

whereof, or of any Part whereof, any such further Time shall have been or shall be granted, in purluanceot

this Act, had been given, renewed, and entered into, or such Sureties had become bound under this Act, as

original Bonds, Mortgages, Obligations, Securities, or Sureties.

44 Commissioners shall have the fame Powers as under recited Acts. § 9. [as under 39 and40 Geo. 3. c. 73.

44 4 9 ] Sureties satisfying Loan shall have the fame Remedies against the Principals or Co*Sureties as

44 under recited Acts ; and Mortgages taken by the Commissioners as Securities shall remain as Securities

44 for the Re-imburtement to such Sureties, of Money advanced by them. § 10. [as under 39 Geo. 3. c. rr.

44 § 12.; 39 and40 Geo. 3. c. 13. § 10.] Three Commissioners may act. § 11. Obligations taken by the

44 Conun iflioners, not liable to Stamp Duty. $ iz.”

SCHEDULE

