A.D. 1799. Anno tricesirao nono Georgii IH. C* 2fi 65$

/ XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Mines, or Minerals, or Seams or Veips df

Coal, Metals, or other Profits of the like Nature, belonging to any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

or Hereditaments, which shall be sold by any Bishop or other Ecclesiastical Corporation aforesaid, for the

Purpose of redeeming any Land Tax, whether the fame shall be opened or unopened, nor any Right, Title,

Or Claim to open or work the fame, nor any Advowson, or Right of Patronage or Presentation to any-

Living or Ecclesiastical Benefice, or Right of Nomination to any perpetual Curacy, shall pass by any Con-

veyance of such Manors,* Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, either by express or general

Words in such Conveyance, although such Advowson, Right of Patronage, or Presentation, or Nomination

may be appendant or appurtenant to such Manors, Messuages, Lands, 'I enements, or Hereditaments; and

such Mines or Minerals, Seams or Veins of Coal, Metal, or othei; Profits aforesaid, and such Advowsons,

Rights of Patronage or Presentation, or Nomination, shall be always absolutely excepted, and reserved to

(ben Bishops or other Ecblefiastical Corporations aforesaid, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Pur-

poses, as if the fame were in such Conveyance expressly excepted and reserved: Provided also, That no

Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which now are or shall be charged with the Pay-

ment of any Yearly Sum or Stipend, to or for the Use or Benefit of any Curate cjf any Church, Chapel,

or Ecclesiastical Benefice, shall be fold, steed and discharged from such Yearly Sum or St pend, but the fame

shall be and remain subject and liable thereto in like Manner as if such Sale had not been made.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, to be appointed for

executing this Act, to allow such Costs and Expences, attending any Sales to be made under their Autho-

rity, as they shall think reasonable, and to order and direct: that the fame shall be paid and satisfied out of the

Purchase Money to arise from such Sales, in like Manner as is directed in and by the said Act of the present

Session of Parliament, with respect to Sales made under the Authority of the Commissioners for executing

Mbits,

shall not pat*

by Conveyance'-

of Land fold,

nor Ad vow—

Tons, Sec.

though they 4

are appendartt -

to the Land;

and Stipends

charged on such*

Lands shall

remain charge-

able thereon.

the said recited Acts.

Expences of

Sales to be al-

lowed by Com- ’

missioners oirt

of the Purchase'

Money; as

under 39 Geo. 3. c. 6. § 36,

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Deed or Instrument whatever, whereby any Sale or Mort-

gage or Grant shall be made of or out of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

which shall be fold or charged for the Purpose of railing Money for the Redemption of any Land Tax, by

any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies aforesaid, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever,

although the Consideration to be expressed in such Deed or Instrument shall exceed the Sum limited by the

said last recited Act.

XV. And be it further enadecj, That where any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-

ments, shall be sold by any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies aforesaid, or by any Person or Per-

fons whatever, for the Redemption of any Land Tax, under a Con trad or Agreement with the Purchaser

or Purchasers thereof, that the Purchase Money shall be paid into the Bank of England, in not more than

fix equal Instalmems, at equal Periods from each other, and to be completed within the Period of one Year

from the Time of paying in the first Instalment, then, and in every such Cafe, it shall be lawful for the

Lords Commissioners of the Treasury., or any three or more of them for the Time being, at any Time after

Payment of the first Instalment, to agree with the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Manors, Mefiiiages,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Advance or Loan to him, her, or them, of so much Money

as (lull be suficient for the immediate Completion of the Contract, upon such Terms and Conditions for

securing the Re-payment of the said Principal Money so to be advanced, with lawful Inttrelt for the

fame, as the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them for the Time being,

shall think reasonable and just, and as shall be agreed to by such Purchaser or Purchasers; or otherwise, it

shall be lawful for the said Lords Commissioners of the Treafufy, or any three or more of them, to con-

rradand agree with any other Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, for the Advance or

Payment into the Bank of England, by such Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, on

the Behalf of such Purchaser or Purchasers, of such Sum or Sums of Money as he, she, or they, shall desire

to be advanced for the Purposes before mentioned, upon such Terms and Conditions as the said Person or

Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, and the said Purchaser or Purchasers, shall respectively agree

upon.

or agree with any other Person, Sec. for the Advance of such Money

Deeds, Sec. in

no case to be

liable to Stamp ■*’

Duty; on Sales

by Corporal ions.

[1000l. §45.]

In Cafes of

Sales of Land

for redeeming

Land Tax,

where the

Purchase

Money is to

he paid in

not more than

(ix lrtftal-

ments into

the Bank,

within one

Year, the

Treasury may,

after Payment"!

of the first-

instalment,

advance Money*

to die Pur-*

chafer for the

immediate

Completion of

the Contract j

to the Purchaser.1

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons for whom any

such Sum or Sums shall be advanced for the Purpose aforesaid, shall enter into a Security for the Re-pay-

ment of the fame, with Imereft, by Writing obligatory to our Sovereign Lord the King, in such Sum or

Sums of Money as shall be directed by the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or by the Corpora-

tions, Companies, Societies, or Persons respectively, advancing the fame as aforesaid, to be paid to our said

Lord the King, by such Form of Words as Obligations to the King’s Majesty have been used to be made,

and with such Conditions to be thereunder written, as between the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or

the Parties advancing such Sums of Money, and the said respective Purchasers shall be agreed upon j and that

all iiich Obligations to be so made shall be good and efteftual in the Law, and shall be of the fame Quality,

Force, and Effect, to all Intents and Purpose?, as any Obligation made to our Sovereign Lord the King, or

his Predecessors, or any of them, hath at any Time heretofore been, or now is, adjudged, received, or taken

lobe; any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, That no Obligation

(obit Majesty in pursuance of this Act, shaft be liable tonny Stamp Duty whatever.

- XVil. And be it further enacted, That if Default shall be made by any such Purchaser or Purchasers*

his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, in the Re-payment of any such Sum or Sums of Money which shall be so

idwoceii, either by the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or by any other Person or Persons, Bodies*

K 2 Corporations,

Purchasers re-

(reiving such

Advance to

enter into

Bonds to the

King (or Re-

payment with -

Imereft*

Such Bonds not

liable to Stamp

Duties.

On Failure in

Re-payment by

the Hurctwfer,

the Treasury,

01 otfier Perlcjaa

