“C. 3',

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III, A.D. 1798.

Officers shall

pay where em-

ployed, Sc c.

Officers in

Chancery shall

be affielTcd in

the Rolls Li-

berty.

MctArrs m

CVancery, Six

Clerks, and Re-

finers, shall be

Commissioners.

1'enfions, frc.

to be rated

where payable-

Where any Of-

fice is executed

by, Deputy, the

Assessrnent shall

be paid by turn,

Ax.

Iter Majesty the

Queen, or the

Royal Family

.cot chargeable

inrespect of

Annuities.

Superannuated

Sea Officers,

Pensions of

Widowt’of Set

Officers, Poor

Knights of

WindfoiyPen-

fion to the Poor

Clergy of the

I fie of Alan, or

v the Pages of

such Accounts to the proper Collectors of such Monies for the respective Parishes or Places where the said

Monies are assessed by this Act.

XVI. And be it further Rafted, That every Person in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweedy rated or

assessed for his Office or Employment, shall be rated and pay for his laid Office or Employment in the Coun-

ty, City, or Place, where the fame shall be exercised, although the Revenue or Profits arising by such Office

or Employment are payable elsewhere.

XVjl. Provided always. That the Right Honourable the Matter,of the Rolls, the Matters in Chancery,

Six Clerks, Clerks of the Petty Bag, Examiners, Regitters, Clerics of the Inrolments, Clerks of the Affida-

vit and Subpoena Offices, and all other flic Officers of the Court of Chancery, that execute their Offices

within the Liberty of the Rolls, shall there be assessed for their respective Offices, Salaries, and other Profits,

and not elsewhere; and the said Matters in Chancery for the Time being, and the said Six Clerks and Re-

gitters for the Time being, shall be the Commissioners for putting in Execution, and shall put in Execution

this Act, within the said Liberty, and exercise the Powers therein contained; and that all Annuities, Stipends,

and Pensions, payable to any Officers in respect of their Offices, shall be taxed and assessed where such Offi-

cers are rated and assessed for their Offices, and not elsewhere; and that all other Pensions, Stipends, and

Annuities, in England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, not charged upon Lands, shall be charged and af-

sessed in the Parishes and Places where they are payable.

XVIII. And whereas divers Offices and Employments of Profit, chargeable by this Act, are executed

c by Deputy, and the principal Officers living in Places remote from the Division, Parish, or Place, where

4 such Offices or Employments are taxable, the Rates and Assessments for such particular Offices and £m-

ployments cannot be recovered without great Charge and Difficulty be it therefore enacted, That where

any Office or Employment of Profit, chargeable by this Act, is or shall be executed by Deputy, such Deputy

shall pay such Afleifinent as shall be charged thereon, and deduct the fame out of the Profits of such Office

or Employment; and in case of Refusal or Nonpayment thereof, such Deputy shall be liable to such Distress

as by this Act is prescribed against any Person having and enjoying any Office or Employment of Profit,

and to all other Remedies and Penalties therein respectively contained; and that there shall be the like Re-

medies and Penalties for the recovering the Monies assessed upon any such Office or Emoloyment of Profit to

the Land Tax for the Year one thousand (even hundred and six, and for any subsequent Year not yet satisfied,

in all Cafes where the Accounts of those Years, or any of them, are not other wise cleared in the Exchequer*

XIX* Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained,

shall not charge, or be construed io charge, her Majesty the Queen, or any of the Royal Family, for or in

respect of any Annuities or yearly Payments granted to her said Majesty, and to their said Royal Highnesses;

but that such Sums of Money, Annuities, or yearly Payments, and her said Majesty, and their Royal High-

nefles, and their Treasurers, Receivers General, and Servants, for the Time being, in respect of the fame,

shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions, and other Charges whatsoever.

XX. Provided also, That this Act, or any of the several Clauses herein contained, shall not extend to

charge the Pensions of any superannuated Commission or Warrant Sea-Officers, or the Pensions of Widows

of Sea-Officers (lain in the Service of the Crown; or the Revenue of the Most Noble Order of the Garter;

or the Pensions of the Poor Knights of Windsor, payable out of the Exchequer only; or to charge a certain

Pension of one hundred Pounds granted by the late King Clmrles the Second to the Poor Clergy of the Ifie of

Man; or to charge the Pensions or Salaries of his Majesty’s Pages of Honour; or of the Officers and Per^

fons employed, or to be employed, in collecting the Tolls and Duties payable by virtue of any Act or Acts

of Parliament for making, repairing, or maintaining any Publick Roais, by reason of their said Offices or

Employments, or any Salary arising thereby.

Honour, or the Salaries of Collectors of Tolls, not chargeable.

Refidentiaries

in Cathedrals

not chargeable

' in certain Cates.

T>uties on Su-

gar by»7 Geo. 3.

13. 34 Geo. 3.

c. 4. and 37

Geo. 3. c. 15.;

©n Malt, by *7

Geo. 3. c. 13.3

- and-the Duties

®f Excite on To-

bacco and Snuff,

by 19 Geo. 3.

c 68; which

by 380*0. 3.

c. 60. $ 10S,

were to cease on

March 15,1799,

shall be c#nti-

iwed^Hl March

*5, 1800.

XXI. And whereas the Rents and RevenuesbelongingtotheRefidentiaries of the Cathedral Churches in

c England and Wales are chargeable to the Land Tax granted and made perpetual as aforesaid, and in some

4 Cafes the Overplus of the said Rents and Revenues above such Tax, Repairs, and other Charges, is to£o in

4 Shares for the Maintenance of the said Refidentiaries, which Shares are diminished by the said Land Tax

it is provided and enacted, that in such Cafes the said Refidentiaries shall not, by this Act or any of the

Clauses therein contained, be further chargeable as enjoying Offices of Profit out of the said Rents and Re-

venues; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And whereas by the said Act,passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

4 intituled, An Act for making perpetualyfuhjeft to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein stated, the

4 several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land-Taxxfor one Yearfiromthe twenty-fifth Day of

4 March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it was enacted, that the several Duties imposed on Su-

4 gar, by three Acts of the twenty-seventh, thirty-fourth, and thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of his present

Majesty; on Malt, by an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty j and

the Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff, by an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his

4 present Majesty, should continue in Force until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-nine* and no longer, but should from thenceforth cease and determine, unless the fame should be

4 specially continued by Parliament be it further enacted, That the said several Duties on Sugar, Malt, To-

bacco, and SnufE and the said Acts granting the fame, and all the Provisions thereof, shall be, and the fame

are hereby feverafiy and respectively continued, from and after the Expiration of the Time limited as aforesaid,

until the twenty-fifth.Day of March one thousand eight hundred; and all the Monies arising thereby, which

shall be paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, mall be entered separate and distinct from all otoer Mo-

nies paid and payable to his Majesty.

XXIII.

