A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 40, 41. 315

be empowered to make the said Assessments, whenever the average Price of Wheat at the Corn Market in fcjTm-nt*

Mark Lane, London^all exceed'three Pounds per Quarter j any Thing in the said recited Act to the con- p^ceo^ Wheat

trary notwithstanding. 1 at Mark Lane

shall exceed 3I. per Quarter.

III. And be it further enacted, That this AS shall continue and be in force until the first Day of January Continuance of

one thousand eight hundred and two, and no longer. , j8o»# *r

CAP. XLI.

An Act for explaining and amending federal Acts, made in the thirty-second Year of

King Henry the Eighth, and the first, thirteenth, and fourteenth Years of the Reign of

Queen Elizabeth, so far as respects Leases granted by Archbishops, Bithops, Matters

and Fellows of Colleges, Deans and Chapters of Cathedral and Collegiate Churches,

Matters and Guardians of Hospitals, and others having any Spiritual or Ecclesiastical

Living or Promotion. [16th May 1800.}

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen whether Archbishops, Bishops, Mailers and Fellows of Colleges,

Deans and Chapters of Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, Matters and Guardians of Hospitals,

and others having any Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Living or Promotion, who are by several Acts, passed in

the Reigns of their late Majestics King Henry the Eighth and Queen Elizabeth, restrained from granting

4 any Leases of their Estates whereon the accustomed yearly Rent is not reserved, can lawfully grant fe-

4 parate Leases of Parts of Lands or Tenements which have been usualiy demised by one Lease and under

4 one Rent, rettrvingon the several Parts so demised less than the Rent anciently reserved on the Demise of

the Whole, though the Aggregate Amount of the Rents so reserved on such separate Demises should be

4 equal to or exceed the Amount of the annual accustomed Rent for the Whole: And whereas many such

4 separate Leases have been granted, and great Inconvenience may arise to Persons claiming under such

4 Leases,' if such Leases should not be deemed valid and effectual, in case the Amount of the Rent anciently

4 reserved on Demises of the Whole shall appear to have been reserved on the separate Demises of the dif-

4 ferent Parts; and the Power of dividing Tenements, anciently so demised, in one Parcel atone Rent,

4 may in many Cafes tend to improve the Value of the Estates belonging to such Ecclesiastical Persons and

4 Bodies respectively, as well as to the Benefit of their Lessees and the Publick May it therefore please

your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-

liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That in all Cafes where any Honours, Cadies, Ma- Where anyPart

nors, Meftiiages, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, being Parcel of the Possessions of of che Poflef-

any Archbishop, Bishop, Matter and Fellows, Dean and Chapter, Matter or Guardian of any Hospital, ^on?.°Lany

or any other Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, having any Spiritual or Ecclesi* &corPcrfbn

astical Living or Promotion, and having been anciently or accustomably demised by one Lease under haring any Ec*

one Rent, or divers Rents issuing out of the Whole, now are or shall hereafter be demised by several clefiastical Liv-

Leases to one or several Persons under an apportioned or several Rents, or where a jiart only of such ing, shall be de-

Honours, Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, or other Hereditaments as last mentioned, mjfed by several

are or shall be demised by a separate Lease or Leases, under a less Rent or less Rents than was or were ac- was formerly

customably reserved for the Whole by such former Lease, and the Residue thereof is or shall be retained iri demised by one,

the Possession or Occupation of the Lcftbr or Leflors, the several and distinct Rents reserved on the fepa- or where a Part

rate Demises of the several specifick Parts thereof comprised in and demised by such several Leases, shall be. shall be demised

deemed and taken to he the ancient and accustomed Rents for such specifick Parts respectively, within the for lhc

Intent and Meaning of an Act, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Henry andu* Refidua

the Eighth, intituled, Lejje.es to enjoy the Farm against the Tenants in Tail\ and of an Act, passed in the shall be retained

first Year df the Reign ofner late M ajesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An At1 giving Authority to the ^een*s in rhe Possession

Majesty, upon the Avoidance of any Archbifop or Bishop, to take into her Hands certain of the Temporal Pcf- of th* Lcffor»

sessions thereof recompensing the fame with Parjo>iages impropriate, and Tythes; and of another Act, patted rtferved

in the thirteenth Year of the fame Queen, intituled, Fraudulent Deeds made by Spiritual Persons, to defeat on the separate

their Successors of Remedy for Dilapidations, frail be void, &c. and of another Act, passed in the fourteenth Demises of the

Year of the Reign of the fame Queen, intituled, An Act for tbd Continuation, Explanation, perfe fling, and specifick Pans

enlarging of divers Statutes. fhai11

6 6 ^ to betheancient

Rents within the Meaning of 3* Hen. 8. fc. z8. x Ellz. c. 19. 13 Eliz. c. 10. and 14 I.liz. c. I*.

II. Provided always. That nothing herein contained fhai! extend to confirm or render valid any Demise

tnade before the patting of this Act, unless the several Rents reserved upon the separate Demises of separate

Parts of Tenements, theretofore accustomably demised under one entire Lease, shall be equal to or more than

the Rent or Rents theretofore accustomably reserved on the entire Demise of the Whole, or in case the

Whole should not be demised, but Part reserved in the Possession of the Lcflor or Leflors, unless the Rents

reserved on the Parts demised should be so far equal to or more than the whole Amount of the ancient Rent

or Rents, that the Part not demised should be sufficient to answer the Difference.

S f 2 III, Provided

Demise made

before pa fling

this At\ not

valid, unless the

Rents reserved

be equal to or

more than the

Rems accus*

tomably referr-

ed, Sc c.

