A.D. 1800

Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III.

C.> 70—72, 377

CAP. LXX.

An Act to exempt from Duty Waste Paper imported into this Kingdom, for the Purpose

of being re-manufactured, except the Duty imposed by an Act of the thirty-eighth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Protection of the Trade of this King- .

dom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and

exported. [9th July 1800.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to encourage the Importation of Waste Paper, for the Purpose of being

4 W re-manufactured in this Kingdom be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Ma-

jesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the patting of this No Duty

Act, no Duty, except the Duty imposed by an Act of the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present xinipded b/

Majesty, intituled, An Atl for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and J 7e??hall be

additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of certain Ships entering paid on the im,

Outwards or Inwards to or from Foreign Parts, until the signing the Preliminary Articles of Peace, shall be portation cf

paid or payable upon the Importation of any Waste Paper whatever; provided the fame shall, upon the Im- 'Waste Paper,

portation thereof, be in a State so as to render it wholly and entirely unfit for any other Purpose than that of

being remanufactured; and provided also, that the fame shall be duly entered and regularly landed in the Pre- 0athecr pu^

fence of the proper Officers appointed for that Purpose. pose than re*

manufacture,

CAP. LXXI.

An Act to authorize Bakers and other Persons to fell Bread to his Majesty’s Forces on their

March, which shall not have been baked twenty-four Hours, and to indemnify all Per-

fons by whom such Bread may have been so fold. [9th July 1800.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit, un- c. 18. of this

til the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, any Person Session.

4 or Persons fromfelling any Bread which shall not have been baked a certain lime: And whereas it may have

4 been necessary to supply his Majesty's Troops on their March, and on their first Arrival in any Town or

4 Place, with Bread which had not been baked for the Period of Time required by the said Act, whereby

4 Bakers and other Persons may have incurred divers Penalties: And whereas it is expedient that such

4 Bakers and other Persons should be relieved from such Penalties, and that it should be lawful to supply his

Majesty’s Troops during 'their March, and on their first Arrival in any Town or Place, with Bread

4 which shall not have been baked for the Period mentioned in the said Act be it therefore enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty determined by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Recited act not

recited Act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to any Baker or other Person who, since the pass-

ingof the said Act, has fold or delivered, or offered or exposed to Sale, or whaduring the Continuance of to*his^ajesty'g

the said Act shall fell or deliver, or offer or expose to Sale, any Bread which had not or shall not have been Troops on their

baked twenty-four Hours, to or for the Use of any of his Majesty’s Troops on cheir March, or within March, &c.

twenty-four Hours after their Arrival, at any Quarter, Barrack, or Cantonment: and every such Baker or Bread which ha*

other Person shall be and is hereby freed and discharged from all Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by the "0\iou"sbakC(V

said recited Act, in respect of any Bread fold, or offered or exposed to Sale, to or for the Use of his Majesty's ours*

Troops as aforesaid; and all Proceedings already had for the Recovery of any such Penalty or Forfeiture

shall be forthwith stayed.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act to amend several Laws relating to the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, Seec.24:

and Paper. [9th July 1800.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled*

An At1 to enable the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster to fell and dtfvofe of certain c<ro. 3. c.

4 Fee Farm Rents and other Rents» and to enfranchfe Copyhold and Customary Tenements within their Sur- 45- (§ jo.J ic«

4 vey, and to encourage the Growth of Timber on Lands held of the said Duchy, it is enacted, That where cited,

the Money to be paid as the Consideration Monty for any Grant, Conveyance, or Assurance of the said

4 Rents, shall not exceed the Sum of ten Pounds, such Grants, Conveyances, and Assurances, under the

4 Seal of the said Duchy, shall be subject to no Stamp Duty for the fame: And whereas since the patting

4 of the said Act, certain additional and new Stamp Duties have been granted: And whereas Doubts have

arisen whether the said Provisions of the said recited Act of the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty continue in force; and also whether the said Grants and Assurances, which are thereby exempted

4 from Stamp Duty, are also exempted from the Stamp Duties granted since the patting of the said Act;’

be it therefore enacted, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

39 & 40 Geo. III. 3 C with

C. ooooie

