\

A.D. 1800.

Anno 39* & 40* Georgii III.

C. 4^.

323

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Justices of Peace for each County or Stewartry in that Part of

Great Britain called Scotland, shall, at their first or any after Meeting of the Quarter Sessions, make suit-

able Divisions of the County or Stewartry into Districts, with’n which the Justices of the Peace (toll meet,

•at a convenient Place in each District, upon the first Monday of every Month (of upon such other lawful

Day of the fhft Week of every .Month, as the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions (hill fix as

moll convenient) at Eleven of the Clock, Forenoon, in order to carry the Purposes of this Act into Ex-

ecution, and which Monthly Meetings may be adjourned, if necessary, to any other lawful Day or Days

of the Month, to be held at the f.ime Place : and me Quarter Sessions flail at the fame Time appoint the

Place of Meeting m each Disti i£I, of which they shall order due Notice to be given to all concerned, by

Advertisement at the Church Doors of every Parish in the County or Stewartry, at lead two Sundays after

the Pisces are certified*

XVII. And be it enacted, That in case the Justice of Peace Clerk shall fail to name a Deputy in each

of the said Distri£ls, on or before the Time appointed for each Districf Meeting, or before any subsequent

Meeting, of which the said Justice of Peace Clerk has had personal Notice, the said Justices who shall at-

tend at such DiitrirSt Meeting or Meetings shall, and tbt>y are hereby empowered to name a Clerk for that

Distridt, who shall be removable by any subsequent Quarter Sessions, and another Clerk may thert be ap-

pointed by the said Quarter Sessions, from Time to Time as they shall fee Cause.

XVIII. And be it lurcher enabled, 'That for the better regulating the Proceedings of the said Justices em-

powered to hear and determine the said causes, it (lull and may be lawfOl to and for the Justices at their

Quarter Sessions, from l ime to Time, to make such Rules and orders as shall seem to them most expe-

dient and conducive for the Purposes of this A&, so as such Rules and Orders shall be agreeable to Law,

and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; which said Rules and Orders having been made

by the said Justices at their Quarter Sessions, shall be in force, and kept and observed by the Justices em-

powered to hear and determine the said causes, and their Officers and the Suitors before them, until the

lame shall be repealed or varied by the Justices at their said Quarter Sessions, or by the Lords of Session or

Judiciary in Edinburgh, or by the Circuit Courts of Judiciary, upon Application of any two or more Juf-

tices of the Peace.

XIX. And be it enacted, That'no Privilege shall be'allowed to exempt any Person liable to be summoned

by v irtue of this A&, from the Jurisdiction of the said Justices, on account of his being a Member of any

other Court of Justice.

Tufticesto make

Divisions of

Counties for

carrying Act in-

to execution.

Quarter Session*

to order Ndtice

of Meetings to

be given.

If the Justice of

Peace Clerk fail

to name a De-

puty, the Juf-

tices may name

one.

Justices at Quar-

ter Sessions may

make Rule* for

the Purposes of

this Act.

No Member of

any other Court

exempt from

the Jurisdiction

of the Justices.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not ex- Act not to ex-

tejid to any Debt for Rent, upon a Tack, or Lease, or real Contra&, where the Title of any Lands, Te- C€rtim

nements, or Hereditaments can or may come to be brought in aueftion, nor to any other Debt, Matter,

or Thinjg, that shall or may arise upon or concerning the Validity of any Will, Testamertf, or Contract

of Marriage, although the fame shall not amount to the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling, nor to any Debt for

any Money or Thing won at or determined by Means of any Horse Race, Cock Match, or any Kind of Gaming or

Play, or any Debt or Demand for or on Account of any Spirituous Liquors: any Thing herein con-

tained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding. \

XXI. 4 And whereas the Magistrates of the City of Edinburgh have long been in the Use'and Poflef-

c fion of holding a Weekly Court* for determining in a funimary Manner, according to Equity and good

* Conscience, all causes and Complaints brought before them for Small Sums not exceeding ten Merits, detemune

4 Scats Money, and of putting their Decrees into immediate Execution against ail Persons residing within the vJttklyCwiu

4 said City and Liberties thereof: And whereas it would be expedient to extend their Jurisdiction so far as re- - -

4 gards the Sum or Value of the Cause to be tried in that Manner at their said Weekly Courts be it there-

fore enacted, That the Magistrates of Edinburgh shall have full Power and Liberty as Justices of the Peace,

and they are hereby authorized at their aforesaid Weekly Courts, to try, hear, and determine, in a sum-

mary Manner, all causes and Complaints brought before them, concerning the Recovery of Debts, or the

making effectual any Demand against all Perions residing within the said City of Edinburgh and Liberties

thereof, as described in a Royal Charter in favour of the City, dated the twenty-third Day of October in the

Year one thousand six hundred and thirty-six: Provided always. That the Debt or Demand shall not

exceed the Value of Forty Pounds Scots• v

XXII. And be it enacted, That in every Cafe where the Claim or Demand shall not exceed the afore^,. Where the

said Sum of Forty Pounds Scots, the Provisions herein-before contained shall be, and the fame are hereby Claim ft*1*not

directed to be observed and put in Execution by the said Magistrates of Edinburgh at their said Weekly the Pro-

Courts, and that their Decrees shall be put in Execution in the fame Way and Manner as hereixi-before virions of this

directed and authorized* relative to the Proceedings before and by the other Justices of the Peace. Act shall be ob-

served by the

, Magistrates ofyEdinburgh.

Magistrate* of

Edinburgh may

against Refi-

dents within

the City and it*

Liberties for

Demands not

exceeding 401*

Scot*.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That the Jurisdiction of the Justices of the Peace in that Part of Great Bri- The Jurifoifttori

tain called Scotland> so far as not regulated by this present Act, shall remain entire, and ibe exercised in the J^n^otherlb

same Manner as they are entitled to exercise the lame before the passing of this ASX. ^uTatwi, fozii

remain entire.

Tt*

c A P.

