A. D. i$ob. Anno 39* k 40* 3ft6tG.lt Iff. , C. $2, S|. 4*

So much of re-

cited Ad, and

of subsequent

Acts, as imposes

Duties on the

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act for suspending, until the twentieth Day of August one thousand eight hundred,

the Duties on Foreign Hops imported, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

[28th July 1800.]

* T X /HEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for 17GC0.3.0.13.

4 VV repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof,

4 and for other Purpose.% a Duty of Customs of five Pounds eighteen Shillings and ten Pence is imposed

4 upon every Hundred Weight of Hops imported into Great Britain, and by several subsequent Acts cer-

4 tarn other Duties have been imposed in Addition thereto i And whereas it is expedient that so much of the

4 said Acts as imposes the Duties on Hops imported should be suspended for a limited Time, and that other

4 Duties should be imposed in lieu thereof during such Suspensioni’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s’

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after

the passing of this Act, so much of the said Acts as imposes the faitl Duties upon the Importation of Hops

shall be,.and the famearfe hereby suspended unto and until the twentieth Day of August one thousand eight

hundred.

Importation bf Hops shall be suspended till Aug. ao, 1800;

II. And be it further enacted, That, until the said twentieth Day of August one thousand eight hundred, And instead of

instead and in lieu of the said Duties hereby suspended,' there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto Jl1* D“SS

and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a Duty of CustomS upon every Pound Weight. SiaiJ^Sepiid

Avoirdupois of Hops imported into Greed Britain, the Sum of one Penny and twelve Twentieth Parts of a custom Duty

Farthing, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity ; and that so much of the said Duties here- on every lb. of

by suspended, as became due and payable between the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred Hops imported

and ninety-nine and the Time of the passing of this Act, shall not be paid or payable, but instead and in lieu of ld* *nd

thereof, the Duty by this Act granted shall be paid, and upon the Payment thereof,.any Bonds that shall pVr thine-

have been entered into for Payment of the Duties hereby suspended shall be, and the fame are hereby declared Which Duty

to be null and void, and shall be cancelled accordingly. Oiailaifobe

paid in lieu of those payable between Nov. x, 1799, and the paflingnf this A&.

III. And be it fiirther enacted. That the Duty by this Act granted shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, D«ty shall be

recovered, and applied in like Manner and under such and the same Rules, Regulations, ind Restrictions, ,^Vijd andi1^p‘

Penalties and Forfeitures, as the Duties on the Impoftation of Hops are now raised, levied, colleftdB, paid, mburner aa

recovered, and applied by virtue and in pursuance of the said Act, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the theD&ties

Reign of his present Majesty. ' under recited

a a.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for permitting French Wines to be imported into this Kingdom from the Isles of

Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, in Bottles or Flasks. [28th July 1800.]

4 \\7 HEREAS by an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti-

r VV tuled. An Act for repealing thefederal Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in

lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties cornpoftm the Publick Revenue ;

27 Geo. 1.

c. 13. [fa*']

4 from the I (lands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, for a limited Time, (which has expired,) on Payment

4 of certain Duties therein enumerated : And whereas it is expedient that such Wine should be permitted to

4 be so imported be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same* That, from and after the tenth Day of May one thousand eight hundred, it

shall and may be lawful to import into Great Britain from the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, any

French Wines in Bottles or Flasks, as well for Sale as for private Use, on Payment of the several and re-

spective Duties as thefarhe are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the Table and Schedule an-

nexed to the said recited Act, marked C. and F;, and all other Duties, as well Customs or Excise, as are

now due and payable on the Importation of such Wines by any other Act of Acts of Parliament \ provided

that such Wines shall be imported in British-built Ships or Vessels, owned, navigated, and registered ac-

cording eo^aW, and in such Manner, and under the like Rules, Regulations, Conditions, and Restrictions,

and shall be subject and liable to such and the like Penalties and Forfeitures, as are provided and enacted in

the said recited Act.

. in the Table of the recited A& marked C. and F. and all other Duties payablejon such

From May x^,

1800, French

Wines in Bot-

tles orFlaflcs.

may be import,

ed in BritilK

Ships from

Guernsey, Jer-

fey, or Alder-

ney, on Pay-

ment of the

Duties set forth

Wines imported*

II. And be it further enacted. That if any French Wines in Boults or Flaflcs shall have been so import- Fre.noh Wines,

ed into Great Britain, ftom Guernsey, Jersey, ox Alderney, since the Expiration of the Time limited in J^hmayhavj

t fie laid recited Act as aforesaid, the fame shall be subject and liable to the Payment of, and shall be charged n«PB>(pii

3G1 with

Goc e

