A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. lxxxiii.

enter into a sufficient Contract or Contrafts, according to the Provisions of the several Acts passed in the

last and present Sessions of Parliament for the Redemption of the Land Tax, that the said Corporation shall

and will lay out and invest the Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the said five hundred thousand

Pounds Extraordinary or Capital Stock, in the Purchase of the Land Tax on Houses, or Land Tax, as

provided by this Act, and that the said Corporation shall in such Contrail or Contracts undertake that they

shall and will lay out and invest one hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the said three hundred thousand

Pounds, in the Purchase of the Land Tax on Houses, or Land Tax, as aforesaid, within one Year after the

Date of the said Charter; and that they shall and will lay out one hundred thousand Pounds, other Part of

the said three hundred thousand Pounds, in such Purchase as aforesaid, within two Years after the Date of

the said Charter; and that they shall and will lay out one hundred thousand Pounds, Residue of the said three

hundred thousand Pounds, within three Calendar Months next after the Extraordinary or Capital Stock shall

be raised as aforesaid, in the further Purchase of the Land Tax on Houses, or Land Tax, as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Directors of the said Corporation fhrfll yearly lay, or cause to be

laid, before each House of Parliament, a true Account of the Receipt and Application of all Monies which

shall be received by the said Corporation by virtue of this Act.

44 Subscribers to be entitled to a Share in the Stock of the Corporation, in Proportion to the Amount o

44 their respective Subscriptions. § 13. Subscribers liable to the Debts of the Corporation only to the

44 Amount of their Shares in the Capital Stock. § 14. Corporation not to borrow Money but by Subscrip-

44 tion for Shares. § 15. For making Calls on the Subscribers. § 16. Shares and Securities may be trans-

44 ferred, assigned, or devised. § 17.”

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Capital Stock of the said Corporation, to be established pur-

suant to this Act, shall, during the Continuance thereof, be exempted, and is hereby exempted, from any

Taxes, Ratefc, Afleftments, or Impositions whatsoever, by Act of Parliament or otherwise, save and except'

the Taxes, Rates, Assessments, Impositions, and Duties, imposed by an Act, passed in the present Session

of Parliament, for repealing the Duties imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for

granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, and for granting certain Duties upon In-

come, in lieu of the said Duties; and that no Person who shall be Director, or other Officer of the said Cor-

poration, to be created as aforesaid, shall for that Cause only be disabled from being a Member of Parliament,

nor shall, in respect of such Share or Shares, be or be adjudged liable to be a Bankrupt, within the Intent

and Meaning of all or any of the Statutes made of or concerning Bankrupts; and that no Stock in the said

Corporation shall be subject or liable to any Foreign Attachment, by the Custom of London or otherwise;

any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

44 Power to be given by the Charter to the Corporation to make Bye Laws. § 19.”

XX. 1 And whereas it may be difficult hereafter for the said Corporation to find sufficient Land Tax on

4 Houses, to purchase in Manner directed by this Act, unless they purchase Land Tax on Houses in distant

1 and remote Parts of the Kingdom, and may not be able to purchase Land Tax on Houses without manifest

4 Loss and Inconvenience;’ be it enacted, That if at any Time it shall seem proper to the Lords of the

Treasury, on Representation made to them by the said Corporation, to empower the said Corporation to

purchase Land Tax instead of Land Tax on Houses, Land Tax so purchased shall be considered as an Equi-

valent for the Land Tax on Houses directed to be purchased by this Act.

44 Annuity Act, iyGeo. III. Cap. 26. not to affect this Corporation. § 21. Persons committing Forgery

u on the Corporation, to be guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy. § 22. Publick Act. § 23.”

Printed Iy Hit Maj'jtfs Statute and Lav/ Printers.

Lcndetu 1799.

263

Charter that

the Corporation

shall contract

lor Purchase of

Land Tax by

Payments of

100,cool, per

Annum.

Directors to lay

an Account be-

fore Parliament

yearly.

Capital Stock to

be exempted

from all Taxes

and AffelT-

ments, except

the Income Tax

under 39600. 3.

c. 13. &c.

Dire#ors not

difyualified as

Members of Par-

liament, &c.

Stock not liable

to Foreign At-

tachment.

For buying

Land Tax, in*

(lead of Land

Tax on Houses,

in certain Cafes*

by

