A. D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. G. Ixii.

Pound* of the said Capita! Stock* and also eight other Perfotis, four of whom shall be Aldermen of the City of

London, and the remaining four Common Counciltnen of the said City ; and that such twenty-one Persons so,

to be nominated and appointed shall be, and be called the Directors for conducing and managing the A Hairs and

Eufinefs of the i'aiu Company ; and they the said Directors shall choose and elect from among themselvestwo

Perkins to be the Chairman amlDeputy Chairman of the Meetings of the said Directors* and of the General

Meetings of the said Company, and shall and may meet at such Places within the City of London, and at such

Time or Times as the major Part of such Directors so aflemoled, the Directors present not being less than

five, shall deem convenient, for executing the Powers given them by this Act : And if it shall so happen that

at any Meeting of the said Directors or at any General Meeting of the said Company, neither the Chair-

man nor Deputy Chairman so to be chosen as aforesaid shall attend, it shall be lawful for the major. Part of

the Directors then present to appoint a Chairman for that Occasion ; and such Directors so to be appointed

ts aforesaid shall continue in Office until others shall he chosen in their Steads, as herehi-after is mentioned,

unless any such Director or Directors respectively shall die, or be removed, or any of the Persons who shall

have been so chosen Directors fromamongst the Members of the said Company, (trail dispofc of his or their

rdpedtive Share cr Shares orlnterest in the said Stock, so as to reduce the fame to less than the said Sum of

two thousand Pounds, or any of the Aldermen or Common Councilmen, who shall have been appointed

«s aforesaid, shall cease to be an Alderman cr Common Councilman ; in any of which Cafes a new or

other Director in the Room of every such Director so dying, being so removed, or having disposed of his

or their said-Stcck, or ceafirg to be an Alderman or Common Councilman, shall be appointed by the said

Company, from Time to Time, as Occasion may require, in such and the same Manner, and according to

or under such Conditions and Rellrictions, as the Director or Dtre&ors so dead, removed, or dilquaiifted,

shall have been, or ought to have been, appointed ; and such new Dire£tor or Directors so to be appointed

as last-mentioned, shall continue in Office for such Time or respective Times, and no longer, as the Di-

rector or Directors in whose Stead he or they shall be so respectively appointed ought to have continued in

Office, if such Death or Deaths, Removal, or Disqualification had not happened.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enactod, That five at lead of the said twenty-one Directors

shall go out of Office in Rotation every Year, and five others shall be appointed tofucceed them in Manner

following ; (that is to say,) three of those who shall have been appointed of and out of the Members of the

said Company, shall go out of Office every Year, and the said Company (half appoint by Ballot to succeed

them, three other Persons of the Members of the said Company, who shall be respectively possessed of at

lead two thousand Pounds of the said Capital Stock; and one Alderman and one Common Councilman,

being two othersvof the said Directors who shall have been so appointed as aforesaid, shall also go out of

Office every Year, and the said Company shall appoint by Ballot another Alderman and another Com-

mon Councilman to succeed them : Provided also, That none of the said Directors to be appointed under this

A& shall continue longer in the said Office of Director than four succeeding Years, and therefore, and in

erder that the longer Continuance of any of them in Office may be prevented, four at lead of those Direct-

ors who shall have been appointed of and out of the Members of the said Company, shall go out of Office

in Rotation every fourth Year, and the said Company shall appoint by Ballot to succeed them four other

Persons, of the Members of the said Company, who shall be respectively possessed of at lead two thousand

Pounds of the said Capital Stock ; and in regard that the said Rotations cannot take place during the fird

three Years after the parting of this A&, the Directors, who are to go out of Office as aforesaid, at the End

of each of the fame three Years, shall be ascertained andknown by drawing Lots for that Purpose, at any of

the Meetings of the said Directors, in such fair and proper Manner as the said Directors shall, in their Dis-

cretion, agree to and approve of: Provided also, That the Persons who shall have served the said Office of

Director mall, if otherwise properly qualified, be eligible to be re-chosen, after having been out of the (kid

Office for one Year.

*c Two General Meetings to be held yearly, in the fird Week in January and July* § 59.

Any nine Proprietors, (having 500/. Stock) may requed an Extraordinary General Meeting to be

€< called, by Notice to the Clerk or Treasurer, specifying the Bufmefc to be proceeded upon. § 51. Qua-

4t lification of Voters at the General Meetings.—Having from 500/. and under 2000 /• Stock, one Vote— (

44 2000/. and under 5000/., two Votes—5000/. and under 10,000/., three Votes—10,000/. and upwards,'

Mt four Votes and no more. Votes may be given by Power of Attorney, but no Person to hold more than

<c one such Power. Proprietors of less than coo A Stock to have no Vote.—All Questions to be decided by

Vote, when the Chairman shall have an additional Casting Vote* or by Ballot, TTrequired by five Voters,

41 and Chairman to have an additional Cading Vote. § 52.” s

LIII. Provided also, and be it further enaCtod, That in case the Mayor, and Commonalty and Citizens of

the City of London, or their Successors, shall, by becoming Subscribers towards ratfing the (Said Capital

Stock, or otherwise, be and continue Proprietors of one thousand Pounds or more of the said Stock, then

and Co often, and during such Time or Times as they shall be and continue such Proprietors, it shall be

lawful for the Court of Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the said City, in Common Council aflem-

bled, to elestand appoint one Person, being a Member of that Court, for each and every Sum of one thou-

sand Pounds of ttoe said Stock, which the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or their Successors,

shall be Proprietors of, for the Time being as aforesaid, to be a Representative of them, the said Mayor and

Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, for the Purpose of attending and voting for them at the

General Meetings of the said Company, according to the Directions of* the said Mayor, Aldermen, and

Commons, in Common Council assembled, or for Want of such Directions, then according to the respect-

ive judgment and Discretion of such Representative $ and that every such Representative shall, as such, have

H h 2 one

*35

Chairman and

Deputy Chair*

arum,.

who fliaf! ap-

po.nt Places

and Times for

their Meetings,

and shall con-

tinue tiH others

lx chosen in

their Steads,

unless they shall

die, be remov-

ed, or difquak-

sted*

Five of the Dk

re&ors (and

every fourth

Year fix) of

whom one to ho

an Alderman

and one a Com#

mon Council-

man, to go out

of Office yearly,

and others to be

appointed by the

Company to

succeed thetas

If the Corpora Jr

t ion of Lon do*

shall be Proprie-

tors of Part of

the said Stock,

the Common

Council ft ap-

point one Person

for every thou-

sand Pounds of

such Stock to be

a Representative

for the Purpose

of voting for the

Corporation at

the General

Meetings j

