C. 9, 10. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III, A.D. i8c:%

CAP. IX.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of

his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the bettor Relief and Employment of tU

Poor. ' £#th December 1800.}

WHEREAS by an Act, made in thb twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

c VV tituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, the Justices of the Peace are

empowered to, appoint one Guardian, and no more, for each Parish desirous of being regulated accord-

4 ing to the Provisions of the said Act: And^whereas in many Parishes, by reason of their Extent and Po-

4 pulation, one such Guardian is not found to be diffident for the Performance of the Duties thereby re:

4 quired :* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present*Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same. That if in any Parish which shall have adonted the Provisions of the said

Act, either alone or in conjunction with any other Parish, it fh. il be the Opinion of two Thirds in Nunv

her and Value of the Owners or Occupiers of Lands. Tenements, and Hereditaments, qualified as by the

said Act is required, who shall be present at a Publick Meeting to be called for that Purpose, pursuant to

Notice thereof given in the Church or Chapel of the said Parish, on the Sunday preceding, that one Guar-

dian is infufftcidnt for carrying into due Execution the Provisions of the said Act, and the fame shall be

certified by tw*> or more of the Persons present at such Meeting, in Writing under their Hands, to two or

more Justices of the Peace acting for the District or Division within which such Parish shall be situate, to-

gether with the Names of four or more fit and proper Persons qualified for the Office of Guardian as

by the said Act is required, it shall and may be lawful For the said Justices, by Writing under their

Hands, according to the Form prescribed in the Schedule to the said Act, to appoint such and (o many of

the said Persons to be Guardians of the Poor within such Parish, as they in their Discretion shall think (it,

and as shall be necessary for duly carrying the Purposes of the said A ft into Execution.

II. And whereas by the said Act the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor are directed to pay to

the Guardians of the Poor in Parishes not united, and to the Treasurer in Parishes united as there*

in mentioned, such Sums as may be necessary for the Support of the Poor in Manner therein men*

4 tioned, and the Guardians are also directed to pay to the Treasurer of the Poor House the Sums required

4 for the Maintenance and Support thereof, which in Default of Payment may be levied by Warrant of

4 Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Guardians, under the Hand of a Justice of the Peace $ but no

4 Provision is made to enforce the Payment of the Monies directed to be paid by the Churchwardens and

4 Overkers aforesaid :* Be it further enacted, That it fhhll and may lawful for the Guardians of the Poor

present at a Monthly Meeting held according to the Directions of the said Act, with the Approbation of

die Visitor, who shall sign the fame, to make an Order on the Churchwardens or Overseers, or Collec-

for of the Poor’s Rates, fi>me or one of them, for so much Money as shall be necessary for the Purposes

of the said Act; and if the Churchwardens or Overseers, or Person or Persons to whom the Order shall

be directed, shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame to the Treasurer or Guardian to whom the fame is made

payable, within seven Days aftey. it shall he demanded, it shall be lawful for any Justice of Peace wittiii

the Division or District, upon Proof made on Oath of such Default, to issue his Warrant for levying the

said Sums by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Churchwardens and Overseers,

other Person or Persons, in l.ke Manner as by the said Act is provided in case of Non-payment by the

Guardians of the Poor.

III. And whereas by the said Act no Provision is made for the Appointment of* a Treasurer, in the

4 Cafe of a single Parish adopting the Regulations of the said Act, although from its Population it maybe

4 found necessary and convenientbe it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any two

Justices for the District or Division within which any such Parish shall be situate, to whom the Expe-

diency of such Appointment shall be made appear, by Application from two Thirds in Number and Value

of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands Tenements, and Hereditaments, qualified as by the said Act is

directed, to appoint a Treasurer for the Poor House of such Parish, with a SaLry not exceeding ten Pounds,

Recording to the Form prescribed in the Schedule to the said Act, in the Cafe of United Pantiles.

14 Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next Quarter Sessions [as under § 46- of 22 Geo. 2. c. 83*] §4*

44 Pubi c Act. § s ”

CAP. X. v

An Act for granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Peak,

Beans, and Indian Corn, and of Barley, Rye, Oat and Indian Meal* and Wheaten

Flour and Rice. [15th December 1800.]

# \ \7 *ER E AS. it is expedient that Encouragement should be given, for a limited Time, to the Impor-

tatif n into this Kingdom of Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Pease, Beans, and Indian Corn, and of

4 Barley, P<e, Oat and Indian Meal, and of Wheaten Ffour and Rice :’ May it therefore please Your

Majesty that it be enacted 3 and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and wkh (he

✓ u Advice

% <JC9. 3.

c S3. $ 7. rt-

cited.

Two Justice

of the District

may appoint

additional

Guardians of

the Poor, un

der recited Act,

on its being

certified, in

Manner hi rein

directed, that

one is infuifi-

cient.

Guardians of

the Poor, at

Monthly Meet-

ings, with

Approbation of

the Visitor,

may make an

Grder on the

Churchwar-

dens or Over-

fee s, &c. for

such Money as

fttall be necef-

fary for the

Purposes of re-

cited Act.

[&# ^ 8. cf that

udf? J

In Default of

Payment, Jut.

tkes may levy

U by Distress.

Two Justices

lay, on Ap-*

plication, ap-

point a Trea-

surer for a fin-

fle Parish,

With a Salary

noi exceeding

xcL

f»Uc 21 Cco 3,

... iy S «!]

