35+

Drawback al-

lowed thereon,

shall cease.

From Aug. t,

1800, the Ex-

emption of the

Duty of Excise

•n Kid Skins

repealed; and

all that are

afterwards im-

ported OiaU be

ftbject to the fa:

36 Ceo. 3.

c. 113.

United and

XUpe Cakes

may be import-

ed in any Neu-

tral Vessel,

Duty-free, ti]l

Jan. x, 1804,

x Jac. x. c. zx.

and

9 Annae, C. xx.

recited.

So much of

lirU recited A&

C. 63—66. Anno 390 & 40° Georgii III, A. D. 180O.

paid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, relating thereto respectively,

which shall have been incurred at any Time before pr on the said full Day of August one thousand eight

hundred.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand eight hun-

dred, the said recited Exception in the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign aforesaid shall be,

and the fame is hereby repealed ; and from and after the said first Day of August one thousand eight hun-

dred, all Kid Skins imported shall, on being tawed in Great Britain, be subject and liable to the fame Duty

of Excise as is by the said Act imposed for or in respect of such Kid Skins tawed in Great Britain* as did

not fall within the said recited Exception ; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in

anywise notwithstanding.

M Duty as is imposed by the rtcited A ft on Kid Skins tawed in Great Britain.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for permitting the free Importation of Linseed Cakes and Rape Cakes in*

Neutral Ships. [30th June 1800.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the thirty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An

Act for allowing the Importation of Arrow Rootfrom the Britishi Plantations, and also of Linseed Cakes

4 and Rape Cakes from any foreign Country, in B riti {h-built Ships, owned* neraigated, and registered according

c to Lawy without Payment of Duty, it is enacted, That it shall be lawful to import into Great Britain,

4 in any British Ship or Vessel, Linseed Cakes and Rape Cakes without Payment of Duty : And whereas

1 it is expedient further to facilitate the Importation of the said Articles •/ be it therefore enacted by the

King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and

after the passing of this Act, until the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, it shall and

may be lawful to import into Great Britain in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever belonging to the Subject or

Subjects of any Sovereign or State in Amity with his Majesty, Linseed Cakes and Rape Cakes without Pay-

ment of Duty, in the same Manner, and subject to the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties,

and Forfeitures, as are provided in the said Act respecting Linseed Cakes and Rape Cakes imported in any

British Ship or Vessel.

CAP. LXV.

An Act to continue, until the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, several Acts re*

lating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing of Orders

in Council for that Purpose. [30th June 1800.]

44 3S Geo. III. Cap. is- 35 Geo. III. Cap. 80. 36 Geo. III. Cap* 76. (all of them last continued by

u Cap. i7.ofthisSession3) further continued till Jan. 1,1804.”

CAP. LXVL

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the second Year of King James the First,

as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes; and for better pre-

venting the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the flaying thereof.

[joth 7une 1800*]

4 IT WHEREAS by Reason of the Skill and Improvement of the Tanners, Curriers, and other Persons

4 VV concerned in the manufacturing and dressing of Leather, many Hides formerly supposed unfit to

4 be used in the making of Boots and Shoes are now become useful therein ; and it is therefore expedient

4 that so much of an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King James the First, jn-

4 tituled, An Act concerning fanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers occupying the cutting of

4 Leather^ as prohibits Cordwainers and Shoemakers from putting into any Shoes, Boots, Bulkins, bur-

4 tops, Slippers, or Pantofles, any Leather made of Horse Hide, should be repealed : And whereas it has been

4 found, that the Provisions of the said recited Act, and alfoof another Act passed in the ninth Year of the

4 Reign of her Majesty Queen Anney intituled, An Act for laying certain Duties upon Hides and Skins* tanned*

4 tawedy or dressed, and upon Vellum and Parchment, for the Perm of thirty-two Tearsy for prosecuting the

4 I far* and other her Majesty s mofl necessary Occasions, so far as relates to preventing the gaining, cutting,

4 and flawing of Hides and Skins in the flaying thereof, have been ineffectual to enforce the good Purposes

4 thereby intended, in consequence of which great Lolles arise to the Dealers in Leather, and a great In-

4 creale in the Price thereof to the Publick : And whereas it is become necessary that so much of the

4 said recited Acts as relate to the Prevention of the cutting and gaftiing of Hides and Skins in the

4 flaying thereof should be repealed, and that other and more efiedual Provisions should be made instead

4 thereof:' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Conlent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the iame, That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said first recited

11 Act

* Googh

