568 C. 15,16. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A* D, 1800.

ir.

FORM of the PRECEPT for giving Notice to High Constables, Overseers, and Householders,

in England, of the Time and Place appointed by Justices of the Peace for taking the Anfweisand

Returns under this Act.

Th<? &cUnty, 1 l^e Corjlable) [Tythingman, or Headborough,] of

to wit. 3 tn the said County.

YOU are hereby required, with all convenient Speed, to give or cause to*be given Notice to the High

Constable of the Hundred of . and to the Overseers of the Poor of every Parish, Town-

ship, or Place within the said Hundred; and if there is no Overseer therein, then tolbme substantial House-

holder therein; that they are severally required to appear at on the

Day of next, at the Hour of in the Forenoon, before such of

his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace as shall be then and there assembled, and that the said Overseers or

Houft holders as aforesaid, or some one of them, for every such Parish, Township, or Place, are then and

there to deliver upon Oath or Affirmation, a just and true Accounr, in Writing, signed by themselves,

containing an Answer to the several Questions propounded in the Schedule to an Act, intituled, An Ac!

for taking an Account of the Population of Q reat Britain# and of the Inxreafe or Diminution thereof.

Given under my Hand [<?rour Hands] this Day of . in the Year one thou*

sand eight hundred and one.

III.

FORM of the OATH or AFFIRMATION to the Return.

YOU shall swear (or affirm) that the Answers and Return now made by you to the several Questions

contained in the Schedule annexed to an Act, intituled, An Act for taking an Account of the Population cf

Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof is a full and true Answer to the said Questions, to

the best of your Knowledge and Belief.

IV.

FORM of INDORSEMENT by the High Constables in England, and by the Justices of the Peace in

Scotland.

. . County [or Stewartry] of

Riding, Diviilon, or District thereof (if any)

Hundred, Rape, Wapentake, Lathe, Precinct, Soke, Franchise, or Liberty, of

City, Borough, Town, or County Corporate, of

Parrfli, Township, Jifc. of

[>«; 41 Ge% 5.

Scff. a. 1. by

xuhich this Act is

w /art Juffend*

id: and c Z.

hi -ud'uh it is

tvhvljy repealed ]

[ ;6 Geo. 3.

C. ii J

Vi cm January

17, iSo»,in

London,or

wit) in forty

Tv'iIts thereof,

and from Ja-

nuary 24, in

every other

Part of G.eat

Britain, to

*teal fl'.ali liP

drcir.d fintr

ll.an through

certain W.re

Machines or

C'lorti*, on

Penalty from

CAP. XVI.

An Act to prevent, until the sixth Day of November one thousand eight hundred and

one, and from thence to the End of six Weeks from the Commencement of the then

next Session of Parliament, the manufacturing of any Fine Flour from Wheat, or

other Grain, and the making of any Bread solely from the Fine Flour of Wheat;

and to repeal an Act, passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His prefenc

Majesty *, for permitting Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread, and to make

more effectual Provision for the fame. [31 ft December 1800.]

WHEREAS there is just Ground to expect that the Supply of good and wholesome Bread will be

materially augmented, and the Price thereof reduced, by preventing the Consumption of Bread

made from Fine Flour:’ Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and vriih

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliarocit

ailcir.hh d. and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the seventeenth Day of January oit

thousand eight hundred and one, in the City of London, or within forty Miles thereof, and from and after

the twenty-fourth Day of Jdnuary me thousand eight hundred and one, in every other Part of Grid

Britain, no Meal, the Produce c f Wheat or any other Grain, shall be dressed, bolted, or manufactured

into any finer Description of Meal or Flour than such as shall be the Produce of such Wheat or Grain,

dressed, bolted, or manufactured by or through Wire Machines, constructed with not more than thirteen

Wires, of the usual and known Size, Weight, and Thickness, on each Side of a Square Inch, or Cloths

cot respondirg to such Wire Machines, and now usually called and known as eight ShiPings and Sixpence

Seamed Cloths, or Patent Cloths denominated Number Two, or by whatever other Denomination, either js

to Number or Price, any Cloths corresponding to such Wire Machines, in regard to Flour to bedreitd

thereby, may be hereafter known; and if any Miller or other Person shall, within the Tifr.e herein li-

mited, dref?, bolt, or manufacture any Meal from Wheat or other Grain, into any finer Defection of

Meal or Flour than such as is herein-before described, otherwise than through such Wires or Cloths as afere-

said, every such Miller or other Person shall ferfeit, for every Bu&el of Meal or Flour dressed, bolted, or

7 manufedured,

