158

Suits shall be

commenced

within cmc

Month.

C. 80. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

XX. Provided always. That no Suit against such Captain or other Officer shall be prosecuted in any

Island, unless the fame shall be commenced within one Month after due Notice given of the Ship’s Arrival,

to the Collector or other Officer of the Customs in the said Island.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Ship or Vessel which shall be cleared out from any Port in Great

Britain, for the Purpose of shipping and carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa^ after the first Day of

August next after the passing of this Act, shall be permitted to be cleared out again for the lame Purpose, until

an attested Copy of the Declaration of the Matter, and also of the Journal of the Surgeon, and also the Mutter

Roll of the said Vessel for or during her last preceding Voyage to the said Coast of Africa, shall have been

deposited w;th the Colledqr or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port from which (he failed on such

last preceding Voyage.

Kt0 VeflVl shall

be cleared out

a freond Time,

til! an attested

Copy of the

Declaration of ,

the Mailer, and

Ipumail of the

Surgeon, Sec.

of the preceding Voyrtje, shall be deposited with the Cqllcftor at the Port of Clearance for (bch preceding yoyage.

Where Penal-

ties may b;sued

for.

If any Person

take the Com-

mand of a Vef-

fd, who is not

qualified as

herein directed,

he, and also the

■Owntr, shall

forfeit 500I.

Former Asti

rtcited.

and nothing

therein shall

make void In-

surances made

in the fame ge-

neral Terms «s

r.ther Infur-

ances j

but under them

no Damages

shall be recover-

able in certain

Cafes.

No Vessel shall

be cleared out

that has not a

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this AQ. shall and

may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in any Court of Vice-Admiralty in any Part of America, or in

any Island in the Weji 4nd'tn, wherein any such Offence shall have been committed, or wherein any such

Shin or Vessel shall have disposed of the Whole or any Part of her Cargo, or in any of his Majesty’s Courts

of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh,

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of August next after the passing

of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person to become a Matter, or take or have the Command or

Charge of any such Ship or Vessel, at the Time he shall clear out from any Port of Great Britain, for

purchasing and carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, unless such Matter or Person taking or having

the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall have made Oath, and delivered in to the CoU

lector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, at the Port where such Ship or Vessel shall clear out, a

Certificate, attested by the respective Owne^ or Owners of the Ships or Vessels in which he has formerly

Served, that he has already served in such Capacity during one Voyage, or shall have served as Chief

Mate or Surgeon during the Whole of two Voyages, or either as Chief or other Mate during three

Voyages, in purchasing and carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa^ under Pain that such Matter or

other rerfon taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, and also the Owner or

Owners who shall hire or employ such rerfon, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five

hundred Pounds* v.

XXIV. « And whereas by an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, and

4 several preceding Acts, it is enacted, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hun-

4 dred and ninety-three, it should not be lawful for any Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel to insure any

4 Cargo of Slaves, or any Part thereof, on board the fame, against any Loss or Damage, save and except the

4 Perils of the Sea, Piracy, Insurrection, or Capture by the King’s Enemies, Barratry of the Matter and Crew,

and Destruction by Fire, and that all and every Policy of Insurance thereafter made contrary to the said Act

4 should be, and the fame are thereby declared to be null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever:

4 And whereas the Owners of Ships, and others concerned in the Trade to Africa, under (landing that it was

4 merely intended by the above mentioned Provision of the said Act, to prescribe and specify the particular

4 Kinds of Loss and Damage for which alone an Indemnity should thereafter be recoverable in respect to

4 Cargoes of Slaves, and not to interfere with, or vary the particular Forms of the Policies of Insurance whereby

4 futjh Insurances had been theretofore effected, have continued to make Insurances on the Perils and Dangers

4 allowed to be insured by the said Act, in the fame general Terms as are contained in the common Policies

4 theretofore used in other Insurances on Ships and Qoods: And whereas Doubts have arisen receding the Va-

4 lidity of such Insurances so made on Cargoes of Slaves, on Account of the Policies whereby the fame are

4 effected not being expressly restrained to the particular Perils and Dangers which are by the said Provision of

the said Act alone saved and excepted as the Subjects of lawful Insurance: For Remedy whereof, and for

the more effectual Security of such Persons,’ be it therefore enacted, That nothing in the said Act, or

any former Ad contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make void any Insurance already

made, or which hereafter shall be made, upon Ships, Slaves, Goods, and Merchandize, in the fame gene-

ral Terms with the Policies now commonly made use of in all other Insurances on Ships and Goods; (that is

to say,) on Account of their expressing to be made against the Rife and Perils of the Seas, Men of War,

Fire, Enemies, Pirates, Rovers, Thieves, Jettifons, Letters of Alart and Countermart, Surprifals, Takings

at Sea, Arrests, Restraints, and Detainments of Kings, Princes, and People, of what Nation, Condition, or

Quality soever. Barratry of the Matter and Mariners, and of all other Perils, Losses, and Misfortunes, that

have or shall come to the Detriment or Damage thereof.”

XXV. Provided neverthelds. That under such Policies of Assurance so made or to be made, no Loss or

Damage shall hereafter be recoverable on Account of the Mortality of Slaves by natural Death or ill Treat-'

ment, or against Loss by throwing overboard of Slaves on any Account whatsoever, or against Loss or Damage

by Restraints and Detainments by Kings, Princes, People, or inhabitants of 4Africa, where it shall be made-

appear that such Loss or Damage has been occasioned through any Aggrcffion for the Purpose of procuring

Slaves, and committed by the Master of any such Ship, or by any Person or Persons commanding any Boat

or Boats, or Party or Parties of Men belonging to any such Ship, or by any Person or Persons acting by the

Direction of any such Matter or Commander respectively.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no such Ship or Vessel shall be allowed to clear out, unless it shall

appear to the Collector, or other principal Officer of the Customs at the Port, that there is one Surgeon

at lead engaged to proceed on board such Ship or Vessel, and unless such Surgeon shall have produced and

15 delivered

