A ' '

T A B L E

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes,

, CONTAINING

The TI T L E S of the A C T S of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years

of the Reign of GEORGE III.

' PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

Anno Regni 39 & 40 Gcor git III.

I; A N AS for enabling his Majesty to accept the Ser-

A \ vices of an additional Number of Volunteers from

the Militia, under certain Restriction^. Page 265

2. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain

Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Ser-

vice of the Year one thousand eight hundred. 269

3. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a

Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in Eng-

landy Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed \ and

certain other Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff,

for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred.

Ibid:

4. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thou-

sand eight hundred ; and for permitting Exchequer Bills,

issued under an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for

granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of

the Consolidated Fund, and for other Purposes, if not paid

by a certain Day, to be received in Payment of any of

the Branches of the Publick Revenue. 270

5. An Act for enabling his Majesty to direct the Issue of Ex-

chequer Bills to a limited Amount, and in the Manner

therein mentioned, for the Relief of the Merchants of Li-

rjtrpool and Lane after. Ibid.

39 & 40 Geo. III.

6* An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of hisMa--

jesty’s Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills to a limited

Amount, on the Credit of such Monies as may arise by

virtue of an Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his present

Majesty’s Reign, for granting certain additional Duties of

Customs on Goods exported and imported, and on Ton-

nage of Ships entering Outwards or Inwards to or from

Foreign Parts, until the signing the Preliminary Articles

of Peace; and upon afi Act of last Section of Parliament

for granting certain Duties upon Income. Page 275

7. An Act to prohibit, until the ifirft Day of March one

thousand eight hundred, the making of Low Wines or

Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Sort of Grain,

or from any Meal, Flour, or any Bran, in that Patt of

Great Britain called Scotland. 276

2. An Act for reducing, until the first Day of June one

thousand eight hundred, the Duties upon Spirits dfftilled

from Melailes or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith ; for

prohibiting the Distillation of Spirits from Wheat or

Wheat Flour ; and for reducing, until the twentieth Day

of September one thousand eight hundred, and better col-

lefting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch.

277

9. An Act to continue, until the twentieth Day of February

one thousand eight hundred, several Laws relating to the

Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons

. serving in his Majesty’s Forces; to the empowering his

I C , Majesty

