A.D. 1S00. Anno 39* & 40* Georgii III. xlviii—1# 501

in Manner herein-before mentioned on the Sunday next before such Meeting (such Notice also to specify

the Intent of such Meeting); and if it shall appear to the major Part of the Persons present at such Meet-

ing, that there is any real Foundation for such Complaint, then the Churchwardens and Overseers, or any

three or more of the Persons paying to the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish present at such Meeting, shall

make Application'to any one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said County, who shall sum-

mon such additional Overseer before him (and which Summons such Justice is hereby empowered to grant),

and after hearing the Complaint on Oath that such additional Overseer is guilty of the Offence laid to his

Charge, that then such Justice shall immediately dismiss such Overseer from his Employment.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That for the better Protection of the additional Overseer to be ap- For protecting;

pointed as aforesaid, if any Person or Persons shall insult, abuse, interrupt, or disturb the said Overseer in the !rdit*onSc

Execution of his Office, it shall be lawful for any one or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the

said County of Wilts, upon Complaint made to him or them by the said additional Overseer, and Proof hig oft*,

thereof on Oath (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hrreby authorized and empowered to

administer) to enquirer into the Matter of the said Complaint; and if the fame shall be found to be just anch

true* then the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and directed to punish the Person or

Persons so offending as aforesaid, by Fine not exceeding forty Shillings nor less than ten Shillings, which

Fine shall be immediately paid into the Hands of such Justice or Justices before whom such Of-

fender or Offenders shall be convicted, and be paid and applied by him or them for the Use of such Poor

of the said Parish as do not receive Alms therefrom ; and if the said Offender or Offenders shall not pay

she said Fine in Manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Justice or Justices, by Warrant un-

der his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to some Com-

mon Gaol or House of Correction within the said County, there to remain for any Space of Time not

exceeding two Calendar Months, of until he, (he* or they shall have paid the fjid Fine to to be imposed a*

aforesaid.

“ All Goods bought for the Poor to be carried to the Workhouse, and entered in a Book for that

w Purpose, and not to be delivered but according to an Order in Writing by the additional Overseer.

14 # 26* No Churchwarden or Overseer to furnish any Thing, for his own Profit for th<* Use of the Poor^

“ 5 27”

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said additional Overseer tocause all

Persons who shall be received into the said Workhouse or Workhouses, to be employed in any Work,

Trade, or Manufacture, or otherwise, as be shall think proper, during the Time they shall continue in the

said Workhouse; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding*

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the

Poor of the said Parish, or either of them, in the Absence, Illness, or other Incapacity of the said additional

Overseer, to order Relief to any poor Person or Persons who shall meet with any Hurt or Accident, or

whose Cafe may be such that it may be dangerous to wait until the additional Overseer may be apprized of

the Condition of such Person or Persons* n

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if arw poor Person maintained and relieved in the said Work-

house or Workhouses, shall be guilty of profane Cursing and Swearing, or of any lewd, immoral, indecent,

or disorderly Behaviour, or shall use any abusive or improper Languge, or commit Waste of the Provisions,

or other Materials or Things provided for the said Parish, or shall neglect or refuse to perform the Work or

Service which he or she shall be required to do, or shall be remiss therein (such Work or Service being suited

to his, her,or their Strength and Ability) every such Offender shall and maybe punished, either by Abate-

ment of Diet, or Distinition in Dress and Diet; such Punishment to be inftiCled by Order of the said Act-

ditional Overseer so to be appointed as aforesaid.

XXXIII. ‘ And, to the End that all poor People in the said House may be encouraged to apply them-

* selves to the Talks in which they may he employed with Diligence and Humility,’, be it further enacted,

That out of the Profits arising from the Work which shall be done by the said poor People, such Rewards

shall be distributed to the industrious and Ikilfui, in Proportion-to the Quality and Perfection of their Work,

as to the said additional Overseer shall appear reasonable*

w The Profits of the Work done by the Poor to be applied in Aid of the Poor Rates. § 35.”

Cap. xlix.

An Act for forming, paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving, and keep*'

ing in Repair, the Streets* Squares, and other Publick Passages and Places, which are and shall be made

upon certain Pieces or Plots of Ground, in the Parish of Saint Pancraf, in the County of Middlesex, be-'

longing to the Most Noble Francis Duke of Bedford. [20th June 1800. J

Cap. 1.

An Act for enclosing and embellishing the Centre of an Area of a certain Square, intended to be called

Russel Square, purposed to be made in the Parish of Saint George Bloomsbury, in the County dt Middle-

sex, and for forming and making the same irito a Pleasure Ground, and for continuing and keeping the*

fame in Repair. [20th June 1800.J

Additional

Overseer may

emplby the

Poor.

For giving Re-

lief to the Poor,

in case of AccU

dents, and the

Absence of the

Overseer.

Punishmentt>f

such Poor as

shall misbehave.

Encouragement1

so be given to

the induftiiou*

Poor.

Cap.

