A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 93,94. I S3

CAP. XCIII.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of Queen

Anruy and also so much of an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His

late Majesty King George the Second, as puts an End to the Forfeiture of Inhe-

ritances upon Attainder of Treason, after the Death of the Pretender and his Sons.

[12th 1799.]

WHERKAS an Act was passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Aunty in-

tituled, An Act for impro ving the Union of the two Kingdoms; whereby, amongst other Things, it

4 was provided andenadted, that after the Decease of the Person who pretended to be Prince of Wales during

the Life of the late King James, and fmee pretends to be King of Great Britain, and at the End of the Term

4 of three Years after the immediate Succession to the Crown, upon the Demise of her said late Majesty,

4 should take Effedf, no Attainder for Treason should extend to the difheriting of any Heirs, nor to the

4 Prdu Jice of the Right or Title of any Person or Persons, other than the Right or Title of the Offender or

Offenders, during his, her, or their natural Lives only; and that it should and might be lawful to every

4 Person or Persons to whom the Right or Interest of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, after the

Death of any such Offender, should or might have appertained, if no such Attainder had been, to enter the

4 fame: And whereas by another Act, nailed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

^ George the Second, intituled, An Act to make it High Treason to hold Correjpondence with the Sons of the

4 Pretender to His Majesty s Crown; and for attainting them of High Treason, in case they ft) all land or attempt

4 to land in Great Britain, or any of the Dominions thereunto belonging; and for Jufpending the Operation and

4 Effect of a Clause in the Act of the seventh Tear of the late Queen Anne, for improving the Union of the two

4 Kingdoms, relating to Forfeitures for High Treason, until after the Decease of the Sons of the said Pretender;

4 after reciting so much of the aforesaid Act as is herein before recited, it was further enacted, That the said

4 Prpvision so made by the aforesaid A& should not take place, nor have any Operation, Force, or Effect

4 whatsoever, until after the Deceases not only of the said Pretender, but also of his eldest and all and

4 every other Son and Sons: And whereas it is expedient that the said Provisions in the two several Acts

4 contained and herein-before recited should be repealed Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excel-

lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and^ Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said Provisions in the

said two several Aits contained and herein-before recited, shall be, and the fame are hereby repealed.

CAP. XCIV.

7 Annie, c. tlj

S I*

17 Geo. a. c.39;

recited.

Provisions ct

the two A6s

herein recited,

repealed*

An Act to ascertain the Salary of the Mailer and Worker of His Majesty’s Mint.

P12th 1799'3

1 1 rHEREAS the Emoluments arising from the Office of Matter and Worker of his Majesty’s Mint

are uncertain, and of very different Amount in different Years, and in the case of a Recoinage

4 are excessive: For Remedy thereof,’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March last

past, the Proportion of Fees, Allowances, and Emoluments, received or retained by the Matter and

Worker of his Majesty’s Mint, under and by virtue of the Indenture between his Majesty and the said

Master and Worke* of the Mint, shall no longer be paid to, received, or retained by him for his

own Use, but the fame shall be received, paid, applied, and accounted for, in the Manner herein-

after mentioned; and that instead of the present Salary, and such Proportion of Fees, Allowances

and Emoluments, there shall be paid to the Master and VVorker of his Majesty’s Mint, a net Salary or

Sum of three thousand Pounds per Annum, which shall be accepted by him in lieu of the Salary and Pro-

portion of Fees, Allowances, and Emoluments heretofore paid to, received, or retained by the Master and

vVorker of the Mint, for his own Use, and which Salary of three thousand Pounds per Annum herebydi-

re&ed to be paid as aforesaid, shall be paid and payable to him Half-yeaily; that is to say, on the fifth Day

of April and the tenth Day of October in every Year, out of the Proportion of Fees, Allowances, and

Emoluments, herein-after directed to be received and accounted for, if the fame shall be sufficient for that

Purpose; and if the fame shall not be sufficient, then such Salary of three thousand Pounds per Annum shall

be paid and payable in the Manner herein-after appointed for Payment thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That ail Taxes to which the Master and Worker of his Majesty’s Mint

is now subject in respeeft of the said Office, shall be paid out of the Monies arising by the Proportion of

Fees, Allowances, and Emoluments herein after directed to be received and accounted for.

From March aj,

1799, the Pro-

portion of Fees

received by the

Master of the

Mint shall be

applied as

herein-after

mentioned; and

inftrad of the

present Salary

and Fees, he

shall be paid

3000I. per Ann.

half-yearly.

Taxes to which

the Master is

now subject, to

bd paid out of

the Fees herein dirc£)ed to be accounted fori

III. And be it further enacted, That the fame Proportion of Fees, Allowances, and Emoluments, that Proportion

are now paid and allowed to be received and retained by the Master and VVorker of his Majesty’s Mint, of ^cesdn°w

shall Hill continue to be paid and allowed to and received by such Person as the Lords Commissioners of the (hai^bc

Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, shall think fit to appoint, who shall receive received by a

such reasonable Salary for his Pains and Labour, and shall give such Security for duly accounting for the Person appoint-

fame, «d ty tht

