256 C.lxix.—lxxiii. Anno tricesimo nonG Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

paid or levied, for any Offence or Offences which shall be committed against this Act, in Prejudice of any

of the Works or Improvements hereby authorized to be made or done by the said Directors, or contrary

to or in Breach of any of the Regulations and Directions hereby enacted relating to or concerning the fame

Works and Improvements respectively, or contrary to or in Breach of any of the By$ Laws, Rules,

Orders, and Regulations, to be hereafter made by the said Directors, or any five or more of them, or by

the said Company, shall, if not hereby otherwise directed to be paid and applied, be paid and disposed of in

the Manner following; that is to say, such of the said Penalties and Forfeitures as shall respectively exceed

the Sum of twenty Pounds, shall be paid to or for the Use of the said Company, and be applied in such

Manner as their other Monies; and such of the said Penalties and Forfeitures as shall not respectively exceed

the Sum of twenty Pounds, shall be paid and disposed of, one Half to the Relief of the Seamen, Lighter*

men, Watermen, or other Persons, maimed or disabled by Accident in the Dock Premises, or the Widows

or Families of such of them as may have been killed,-or may have died therein, and the other Half to the

disabled and worn-out Servants of the said Company or their Families; and both such Halves (half be under

the Management and Direction of the said Directors.

44 Punishment of Perjury for giving false Evidence or swearing falsely; § 183. The Treasurer of the Dock

4< Company may be made the nominal Plaintiff or Defendant in Actions, and Suits to be brought by or

44 against the Company. § 184. Act of 24 Geo. II. c. 44. for rendering just ces of the Peace more lafe in the

44 Execution of their Office, extended to this Act; and as to Actions brought for any Thing done in pur*

44 fuance of this Act. General liiue may be pleaded. Treble Costs. j 185% Publick Act. § 186.*

Cap. lxx.

An Act for enabling the Grimsby Haven Company to finish and complete the Navigation of the said

j6 Geo*3.c.f$. Haven, and for amending an Act, passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, (

for widening, deepening, enlarging, altering, and improving, the Haven of the Town and Port of Great '

Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln[ 1 nh July 1799. J

proprietors.

Cap. Ixxi.

An Act for empowering the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation to repay, into the

Court of Exchequer in Scotland, the Sum advanced to them for the Purpose or completing the said Na-

vigation; for repealing so much of an Act, of the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty, as relates

to the said Company; and for enabling the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer to advance Part of the

Sum so to be received to the Company of Proprietors of the Crinan Canal, on certain Conditions.

[izth 1799-]

Cap. lxxii.

An Act for settling the Right of Patronage or Presentation of or to the new Chapel of Cradley, in that Part

of the Parish of Halejowen which lies in the County and Diocese of Worcester, and for other Purposes.

[12th July 1799*]

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Tunnel or Road under the River Thames, from or

near to the Town of Gravesend, in the County of Kent, to or near to Tilbury Fort, in

the County of Essex.—[12th July 1799.]

WHEREAS the making and maintaining of a Tunnel or Road, of a convenient Breadth for the

Paffaee of Cattle and Carriages, under the River Thames, from or near to Gravesend, in the

4 County of Kent, to or near toTilbury Fort, in the County of Essex, in such Manner that an uninterrupted

4 Land Communication might be opened between the opposite Shores of the Counties of Kent and Essex,

4 would be attended not only with great Advantage to those particular Counties, but would also be of great

4 National Advantage as a Military Road or Pass: But the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and

4 Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted

by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, 7'hat the

Honourable John Thomas ToWnjhend, the Honourable Robert Petre, Sir William Geary Baronet, Joftpb

Alder, Robert Anderson, John Andrews, John Julius AngerJlein, Armjhong and IVyatt, Thomas Henry

Anjlen, Robert Barrowdell, Charles Beckett, Thomas Michael Baker, Guflavvy Belford, John Bentley,

R. junior, Alexander Black, James Black, Henry Bonham, Booth, Kirk Boot, JcJeph Bouider-

Jon, John Brichuood junior, John Brenchley, Alexander Brodie, Cameron, John Carfzairs, James

Carden, R. and G. Clarkjon, William Coleman, F. Coleman, Thomas Colyer fenioi, William Colyer, Isaac

Currie, Timothy Curtis, Thomas Dalton, William Daniel, Craujord Davijon, Henry Durlot, James f hnv-

Jon, IVyatt John Dobbs, Thomas Dyne, Anthony Eglint on, Charles B. Eilis, Samuel Etheridge, IK EE am

Farley, George Forbes, George Fryer, William Gar row, Peter Gedge, Corporation of Gravesend and Mil-

ton, George Gilbert, Nicholas Gilbee, James Gilbee, Gabriel Gillett, George Glenny, Richard Hail Gowers,

Green junior, George Grote, "Thomas Hall, Richard Hardinge, Anthony Harman, Benjamin Har-

rifon, William Harris, George Hawks, Robert Harris, Hanjon, Thomas Hawens, Samuel Hazard,

Robert Herring, John Hibbert, William Hilton, John Flow, Hu Ikes, Ha Ikes, Join

Humble, Geer re Jeffcrys, John Jfferys, Robert Jenner, William James Jones, Henry Jones, James

Joyucs, George Kcarjlcy, Charles Kite, Richard Lawrence, Leith Clerk, J. A Leach, John

Liptrap,

