A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III

C. too.

*«7

CAP. C.

An Act to revive and continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act,

made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of {*Ii» present Majesty, to continue and

amend an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of Elis present Majesty, in-

tituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fjheries; and to amend

an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for extend- ,

ing the Fiftieries, and improving the Sea Caaft of this Kingdom.—[12th July 1799.]

1 X WHEREAS an Act was passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, 26CC0. 3. c Si.

4 W An Act for the more ffeftual Encouragement of the British Fisheries* which was to continue in (continurd and

4 Force from the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty -seven, for the Term of feveit amende J by2?

4 "Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas by two Acts, Geo j. c. 10;

4 rniade in the twenty-seventh and thirty-fifth Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, the said first mentioned 55 3*

Act was further continued and amended: And whereas by an Act passed in the iaft Session of Parliament, c

the said last mentioned Act was further continued until the first Day of March one thoulhnd seven hundred ^Cit£d’3#C 5

and ninety-nine: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act of the thirty-fifth Year of his present Ma-

4 'jelly’s Reign should be.revived, and further continued and amended ;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s

iwoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said Act, passed in

the thirty-filth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act* made

in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, k.An Act for the more effectual Enccu- continued in

ragement of the British FiJheriesJ and all the Powers and Provisions therein contained, shall, from and after Foret t a the

the first Day of March one fheufend seven hundred and ninety-nine, be revived, and 6he feme is hereby End 01 t;,e next

revived, and shall continue and be in Force until the End of the next Session of Parliament. Session.

VII. And whereas by an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti- ThcGov^mor,

4 'tuled. An Act for incorporating certain Persons therein named by the Name and Stile of The British Society of thf

4 for extending the Fisheries and improving the Sea Coasts of this Kingdom; and to enable them, when in- ?rltlftl

4 -corporated* to subscrib e a Joint Stock, and therewith to purchqfe Lands, and build thereon Free Towns, Vil- ^Gep^T

4 dages, and Fishing Stations, in the Highlands and ljlands in that Part of (jreat Britain called Scotland; and a 106. em-

4 for other Purpfes; certain Persons therein named and others were incorporated into a Company by the powered to give

4 Name of The Jdritish Society for extending the Fifaeries and improving the Sea CoqJis of this Kingdom: And Premiums and

4 whereas it would greatly tend to promote the laudable and beneficial Purposes of the said Society if the ^gnast°. I cr“

‘^Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors of the said Society, were empowered in certain Cafes to sTcietyVscttlc-

4 employ a certain Part of the Funds of the said Society otherwise than they are by the said Act enabled to ments'; vit^

4 do p be it enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand ftven hundred and ninety-nine,

it {hall and may be lawful for the Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors of the said Society, or such ,

Part of them ns is authorized by the said Act to direct the Affairs of the said Society, Or for such Persons

as may be by them directed and authorized, to expend any Sums of Money, being Part of tbs Funds of the

fjid Society, which they shall deem expedient, not exceeding sixty Pounds in any one Year, in Premiums 60I. a Year in

or Rewards to such sober and industrious Persons, resident at any of the Settlements formed or to be formed Premiums ro

by the said Society, as they shall deem most deserving, by reason of their Experlnefs in Fishing, curing of Persons the mo/t

FJib, preparing of Soap or Oil from Filb, making of Nets, or in the Cultivation of the Soil, or other use- *]?&!*t*~

iul Arts tending to the Advancement of the beneficial Purposes of the said Society; and also to lend at such ’j in Loans

Interest, not exceeding legal Interest, as the Directors shall appoint, a certain Sum or Sums of Money, not to Persons for

exceeding five hundred Pounds in the Whole, for the Purpose of purchasing, building, or equipping Boats purctiaiing

or other Vefltls for the Fishery; and also such further Sum or Sums of Money in Loans to such Perlcns as Vcflih fortbe

may build Housesor Tenements at any of the Settlements of the said Society, the Sum so lent in no Cale to

exceed one third of the Value of the Houses or Tenements so to be built, such Value to be ascertained by bu^Jdfn^Hcufcs!

lat.sfa&ory Certificates, and to be repaid, by equalInftalments, in the Courle of five Years; and also such 20ol Loafts ’

Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two hundred Pounds, in Loans, on proper Security, to i>e repaid in Co persons pro-

one Year, to such Person or Persons as may undertake to provide Stores of Oatmeal, Salt, or other Ne- riding Stous.at

certarits, at any c f the said Settlements, for the Use of the Inhabitants thereof, the Sum lent to any such Per- . tiic Settlement.:

ion or Persons in no Cafe exceeding two Thirds of the Value of the Salt, Oatmeal, or other such Need! ir es

which such Persons shall become bound to provide; and also such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding And -cd niwir*

two hundred Pounds, in Loans, to such Person or Persons as may undertake to establish any Manufactory to Pufons wiW

of Nets, Sail Cloth, or Cordage, or of fpinningof Hemp, Flax, or Woollen Yarn, the Sum so to be lent to undertake to

any such Person or Persons to be repaid within such Time as the Directors shall think fit, not exceeding three

Years, and in no Cafe to exceed two Thirds of the Value of the Hemp, Flax, Wool, or other Materials ff*

which such Person (half fiave provided or become bound to provide for such Manufactory: Provided always, Jrc.

'That nothing in this Act shall be construed to diminish the Powers of any General Meeting of the said So-

ciety as crtablished by the said Act, or to impeach the Validity of any Bye Law of the said Society, legally

made at any fqch General Meeting.

III. And whereas the said British Society are directed by the said Act to lodge the Money arising from Surges Money

the Subscriptionsof the Members thereof, or otherwise, in certain Bank?, without any Power to invi it the 01

r 7 Pk , . % e ^ may be iuu ;U:t

lame

