C. 3.

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii fll. A.D. 1798.

Estates in ready Monies, Debts, Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes* Chattels, or other Personal Estate, and

also the several and respective Sums charged in respect of any Offices or Employments of Profit, Annuities,

Pensions, or Stipends, as aforesaid, from the Monies charged in such Parishes, Constablewicks, Diviftons,

Allotments, or Places, by virtue of the said Act, upon Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and the said

Commissioners are hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, a Schedule or Duplicate, in Parch-

ment, under their Hands and Seals, fairly written, containing the whole Sum assessed on each Parish, Con-

stablewick, Division, Allotment, or Place, Where any Assessment shall have been made upon Personal Estates,

or in respect of Offices and Employments of Profits, Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, and also the Christian

Names and Surnames of the respective Alfessors and Collectors, unto the Receiver General of each County,

Riding,. City, Borough, Town, and Place respectively, where such Assessments shall have been made, or

his Deputy, and shall transmit, or cause to be transmitted, a like Schedule or Duplicate into the King’s

Remembrancer’s Office of the Exchequer, and this the Commissioners shall cause to have done on or befofe

the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; for which Duplicates the Receiver and

Remembrancer, or their respective Deputies, shall give to the Person who brings the fame a Receipt, m

Writing, gratisunder the Penalty of ten Pounds, to be recovered to the King’s Use as other Penalties are

by this Act recoverable.

A Receipt dull be given for Schedules, ©n Penalty of 10I.

Afffr *n WhiCh Provi^e^ always, and be it further enacted, That every Parish or Place, in which any Assessment

ixjadefor the^ have ^een or be ma(k under and by virtue of the said last recited Act on any Person or Persons in

Year ending respect of any Offices or Employments of Profit, Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, by any Assessment for

March 25, the Year ending on the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall, from

and after that Time, be wholly discharged from so much of the Sums to be levied upon such Parish or Place

according to the Proportions established under the said recited Act.

and shall deliver

a Schedule con-

taining the Sum

assessed on each

Place, and the

Names of the

Assessors and

CoUe#or»,to the

Receiver Ge-

neral, and trans-

jnit a like Sche-

dule to the Re-

membrancer’s

Office of the Ex-

chequer, before

May 10, 1799.

1799, under

38 Geo. 3. c. 5.

in respect cf

Offices, shall be thereafter discharged from the Sums thereby levied.

Powers and

Penalties, &c.

of 38 Geo. 3.

c. 5. and made

perpetual by

38 Geo. 3.C. 6a

shall be put jn

fxecution in

levying the

Rates under

this Act.

Where Defi-

ciencies a rife,

new Assess-

ments shall be

Persons shall be

rated where

resident

and if out of the

Kingdom, in

the Plact of their

last Aboj^e.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses,

Matters, and Things, which, in and by the said Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised tn Great

Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety -eighty are provided and established

for ascertaining, raising, levying, mitigatiqg? adjudging, paying, and managing the Rates and Assessments

granted by the said Act; and which, by the said other Act, passed in the fame thirty-eighth Year aforesaid,

intituled, An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purthafe in the Manner therein Jlatedy the

several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain. a Land Tax, for one Tear, from the twenty-fifth Day

of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety- eighty are continued and made perpetual in relation to the

Rates and Afleftments charged on Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,'until the Redemption and

Purchase thereof, shall be practised, used, and put in Execution, in and for the ascertaining, raising, levying,

mitigating, adjudging, paying, and managing the Rates, AfiefTments, and Sums of Money to be charged,

.assessed, and levied by virtue of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every

the said Powers, Rujes, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated

and re-enacted in thfs Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Proportions set by this Act upon all and every the

respective Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places, in England, Wales, and Berwick

upo>i Tweed, in respect of any such Personal Estate as aforesaid, shall not be fully assessed, levied, and paid,

according to the true Meaning thereof, or if any of the said Assessments in respect of such Personal Estate shall

be rated or imposed upon any Person not being of Ability to pay the fame, or that, through any Wiifulnefs,

Neglect, Mistake, or Accident, the said Assessment, charged in each Parish or Place as aforesaid by

virtue of this Act, happens not to be paid to the Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, as in this

Act is directed, that then and in all and every such Cafe or Cafes the several and respective Commis-

sioners, Assessors, and Collectors, acting in the Execution of this Act, and every of them respectively,

are hereby authorized and required to aifefs and re-assess, or cause to be afiefted and re assessed, levied, and

paid, all and every such Sum and Sums of Money upon the respective Parishes or Places wherein such Defi-

ciencies shall happen, as to the said Commissioners, or such Number of them as by this Act are autho-

rized to cause the said fiift Assessment hereby required to be made, shall seem most agreeable to Equity

and Justice; the said new Assessment to be made, collected, and paid, in such Manner, and by such Means,

as in this Act, or any Act hereby referredno, is declared and directed for other Assessments.

IX. 4 And, in order tc ascertain more particularly the Mode of assessing and rating the several Persons who*

‘ shall be charged with any Rate or Assessment, in respect of any Eftaies in ready Money, Debts, or Personal

4 Estate, in England, IValcs, or Berwick upon Tweedy be it further enacted, That every Person who is

or shall be rated for or in respect of any Personal Estate to him or her anyways belonging, shall

be rated at such Place where he or she shall be resident at the Time of the Execution of this Act \

and all Peftons not being Householders, nor having a certain Place of Residence, shall be taxed at the Place

where they shall be resident at the Time of the Execution of this Act; and if any Person who ought

to be taxed in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, by virtue of this Act, for or. in respect

of his or her Personal Estate, fh.il] at the Time of his or her Assessment be out of the Realm, such

Person shall be rated therefore in such Parish, Constablewick, Division,. Allotment, or Place, where he

was last abiding within this Realm.

, X. Provided

by

