4

•A.D. 1860. Anno 39° & 40® Georgii III. C. 67. 365

ARTICLES. Customs. Excise.

LEATHER, continued. £. s. r - £■ ,s. d.

For every Dozen of Irish Vellum - - “ - 3 5t

For every Dozen of Injh Parchment - - - LE ATHER, Manufactured into Goods and Wares : For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of tanned Leather, manufactured and - 1 H

actualiy made into Goods orWares in Ireland - - For every Pound Weignt Avoirdupois of Irish-made Boots and Shoes, and “ — — ll

Gloves, and other Manufactures made of tawed or dreired Leather For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Buck and Deer Skins, and Elk Skins, drelfed in Oil and manufactured into Goods and Wares in

Ireland - - “ - For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Sheep and Lamb Skins, drafted — — I —

in Oil and manufactured into Goods or Wares in Ireland For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Hides and Skins, not herein-befort* enumerated or described, drafted in Oil and manufactured into

Goods or Wares in Ireland - - MEAD or METHEGLIN.— For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of 6 K

Irish Mead or Mytheglin - " PAPER.-—For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Paper, fit or proper, or that may be used for or applied to the Ules or Purposes of Writing, Draw- ing, and Printing, Dr either of them, and of all Irish Elephant Papers and — I -J*

Cartridge Papers - - - - - Forty^ry Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish coloured Papers and whited Brovtn Papers (other than and except Elephant and Cartridge Papers) fit and proper for the Ufejand Purpose of wrapping up Goods, and not nt or proper or capable of being used for or applied to the Purposes of Writing, Drawing^ - — 2f

and Printing, or either of them - - - - For every Pound Wefght Avoirdupois of Irish Brown'Paper, fit and proper for the Use and Ptfrpose of wrapping up Goods, and not fit or proper or ca- pable of being used for or applied to the Uses and Purposes of Writing, Draw-

ing, and Printing; or either of them - • For every Pound Weight ‘Avoirdupois of every Sort or Kind of Irish Paper, not herein-before enumerated or,described, Sheathing, and Button Paper and . T

Button Board excepted For everyone hundred Weight of Irish Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scale- •“ 2l

board - - . For every one hundred Weight of Irish glazed Papers for. Clothiers and Hot- — jo 6

prefters - - - - For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Books, bound or unbound, and of Maps or Prints, Which (balLbe imported ‘fnto Great Britain dife&ly from

Ireland - PRINTED GOODS.-*- For every Yard fefuare of Irish printed, painted, or 1 ' 2L

stained Papers, to serve for Hangings, or other Uses For every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard-Wide, of foreign Callicoes and so- reign Mullins, which shall be printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Ireland, 11

(except such as shall be dyeef throughout of one Colour,) over and above any Duty of Customs payable on,the Importation of foreign Callicoes and

Mullins - • - * - ' - For every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard-wide, of all Irish printed, painted, — — 7

stained, or dyed /rz/frrnade Callicoes, Mullins, Linens, and Stuffs, made either of Cotton or Linen, mixed with other Materials, Fuftians, Velvets, Velvtrets, Dimities, and other figured Stuffs; made of Cotton and other Materials mixed, or wholly made of Cotton Wool (except such as shall be dyed (throughout of one Colour only) - -

— — ,34 ’

For evd paind fry Yard in Length, reckoning Yard-wide,* of all Irish printed, stained, ^d, or dyed Irish-made Stuffs nor bef ore enumerated or described (ex- w * 4

1 cept such a'S shall be dyed throughout of one Colour only, and except Stuffs

made! For evd ftaind [of Wooden* Or whereof the greatest Parc in value shall be Woollen)' i'y Yard in Length, reckoning Half Yard wide, of all Ivish printed, d, painted, or dyed Silk, (Silk 'Handkerchiefs excepted,) over and mmm -3

above any Duty of Cuitoms payable on the importation of Silk — - * _»*

8 For-

