A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. 0.90,91. 443

mission, or refusing tofubmit to the Award within the Time limited, as the Cafe may be)» contrary to the Sta-

tute made in the fortieth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An At7, (here fetforth the Title of the Act);

and I (1or we) the said Justice {or Justices) do hereby adjudge and determine the said A. B. for the said

Offence, to forfeit and lole the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, and do order the fame to

be forthwith paid by him, (her, or them, as the Cafe may beJ to C. D.

FORM of COMMITMENT of a Person summoned as a Witness.

WHEREAS Proof on Oath hath been made before me, for us, naming the Justice or Jujlicessigning the

Commitment) one (or two) of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County (or Riding, City,

Liberty, Township, Division, or Place) of on this Day of That A. B. hath been

duly summoned, and hath neglected to appear and give Evidence before C. D, and E. r. the Arbitrators

appointed by and between G. H. and I. K. to determine the Matters in Dispute between them at

in the County, (or. Riding, City, Liberty, Township, Division, or Place) of on the

Day of underand by virtue of an Act, made in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, intituled, An Act, (here set forth the Title of the Act); and the said A. B. being required by me, the

said Justice, to give Evidence before the said Arbitrators, and (till refusing so to do, therefore I (or we) the

said Justice (or Justices) do hereby, in pursuance of the said Act, commit the said A. B. to the (describing

the Pri/on, or the House of Correction) there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for his (or her) Offence

aforesaid, until he (or (he) shall submit himself (or herself) to be examined, and give his (*rher) Evi-

dence before the said Arbitrators, touching the Matters referred to them as aforesaid, or shall otherwise be

discharged by due Course of Law. And you the (Constable or other Peace Officer or Officers to whom

the Warrant is directed) are hereby authorized and required to take into your Custody the Body of the said

A. B. and him (arher) safely to convey to the said Prison (or House of Correction) and him (or her) there

to deliver to the Gaoler (or Keeper) thereof, who is hereoy authorized and required to receive into his

Custody the Body of the said A. B and him (or her) safely to detain and keep pursuant to this Com-

mitment.

Given under my (or our) Hand (or Hands) this Day of in the Year ©four Lord

This Commitment to be directed to the proper Peace Officer and the Gaoler (or Keeper) of the Prison

(or House of Correction).

CAP. XCI.

An Act to prohibit, until the fifteenth Day of October one thousand eight hundred*, the

Exportation of Rice. [28th July 1800.]

IT WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament ♦, a Bounty was granted, incer- c.

‘ tain Cafes, on Rice imported into this Kingdom, in order to encourage a Supply of the lame; r

% and it is expedient to prevent the Exportation thereof so long as the said Act shall be in forceBe it there-

fore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afletnbled, and by the Authority of the

fame. That, from and after the fifteenth Day of July one thousand eight hundred, no Person or Persons From July 15,

whatever shall, directly or indirectly, export, carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, car- 1800, no Rice

ried, or conveyed, out of or from any Port or Place of this Kingdom, or shall load or lay on board, or J* ex*

cause or procure to be laden or laid on board, in any Ship or other Vessel or Boat, any Rice, in order to be pocttd#

exported, carried, or conveyed, out of any such Port or Place.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Rice which shall be so exported, carried, or conveyed, or be Rice exported

laden or laid on board in any Ship or other Vessel or Boat, in order to be exported, carried, or conveyed out or put on board

Of this Kingdom, contrary to this Act, shall be forfeited; and that every Offender therein shall forfeit also V* Vessel for

the Sum ot Sixpence for every Pound Weight of such Rice which (halite so exported, carried, or con- hefarfcit-

veyed, or so laden or laid on board in any Ship or other Vefl'el or Boat, in order to be exported, carried, or and the

conveyed out of this Kingdom, and also the Ship, Vessel, or Boat wherein the fame shall be exported, or offender (had

in or upon which the fame shall be laden or laid in order to be exported, together with her Guns, Furniture, forfeit 6d. for

Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall bt forfeited, and the fame respectively maybe seized by any Of- J^Jfj^e°and

ficer or Officer of the Customs.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures created and incurred by this Act shall pcn^itie* and

and maybe sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means, Forfeitures may

and Methods, as any Penalties incurred on any Goods, Ships, or Vessels forfeited for any Offence against be recovered,

the Laws of Customs, may now be legally sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and the Of- Ac. asunder

ficer or Officers concerned in Seizures or Prosecutions under this Act, shall be entitled to and receive such ^of

Share of the Produce arising from the Seizures, as they are now by Law entitled to upon Prosecution of u

Seizures for unlawful Importation, and to such Share or the Produce arising from any pecuniary Fine, or

Penalty, or Composition paid for any Offence against this Act, as they are now by any Law or Regulation

entitled to, upon Prosecution for pecuniary Penalties.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Personal Actions and Suits, Indictments, Informations, and all Adioo*

JProfecutions and Proceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be hereafter prosecuted or commenced brought agalod

3 L 2 against

^ooooie

