AvD. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III- G. 28.

pose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the fespective Proprietors

thereof. - '

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whatever Monies shall be so issued out of the said

Consolidated Fund, shall, from Time to Time be replaced by and out of the firtt Supplies to be then after

granted by Parliament; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

out of the then next

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case Provision shall not be made by Parliament for

Payment of Exchequer Bills, to be issued in pursuance of this Act, so that the.fame shall be fully paid and

discharged on or before the fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and six, then, and in that Cafe,

the said Exchequer Bills, or such Part thereof as shall then remain unpaid, shall, from and after the said

fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and six, bear an Interest of five Pounds per Centum per An-

num; and such Interest shall be, and the fame is hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be borne

and paid by or out of the said Fund as the principal Money payable by the said Exchequer Bills is by

this Act charged and chargeable upon; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wile

notwithstanding.

VIII. And it is further enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England. and

their Successors, shall, and are hereby required to exchange for the Promissory Notes of the said Governor

and Company, payable to Bt *rer on Demand, from Time to Time, all such of the said Exchequer Bills,

as shall, within the Space of six Years from the Date thereof, be tendered or produced to them or their Ca-

(hier or Cashiers for that Purpose, by any Person or Persons; and shall pay, or cause to be paid, to such

Person or Persons, in such Notes as afore laid, the Sum for which every such Bill, so tendered or produced,

was issued, and shall exchange in Manner aforesaid such of the»said Bills as shall have been, from Time to

Time, paid away or circulated by or on the Behalf of the said Governor and Company, or their Successors,

and shall, before the said fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and six, be tendered or produced as

aforesaid, as often as such Cafe shall happen: And the said-Governor and Company, or their Successors or

their Agents or Servants, shall not be entitled to or receive any Premium, Rate, or Allowance whatsoever,

for or in respect of the exchanging or circulating the said Exchequer Bills; any Thing herein, or in any other

A & of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

or their Successors, or their Cashier or Cashiers, shall neglect or refute to exchange any such Exchequer

Bill or Bills for such Notes as aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, upon De-

mand thereof made at their chief Office within the City of London, for the Space of twenty-four Hours,

then the Person or Persons demanding the fame, or the Person or Persons for and on whose Behalf such De-

mand shall be made, shall and may recover the Amount of such Exchequer Bill or Bills, to his, her, or

their own Use, by Action of Debt, or upon the Cafe, Bill, Suit, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s

Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, shall be al-

lowed, or any more than one Imparlance; in which Action, Bill, Suit, or Information, it shall be lawful to

declare that the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, are indebted to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs

the Money demanded upon the said Bill or Bills, according to the Form of the Statute, and have not paid

the fame, which shall be sufficient; and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in such Action, Bill, Suit, or Information,

shall recover against the said Governor arid Company, and their Successors, not only the Money fq ne-

glected or refilled to be paid, but also Damages, after the Rate of fifteen Pounds per Centum per Annum, on

such Money, together with full Coffs of Suit; and the said Governor and Company, and their Successois,

and their said Stock and Funds, shall be, and are hereby made subject and liable thereunto.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Clauses, Powers and Provisions in the said Act, made in this

pn/.jnt Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties'upon

AAalt, Mum, Cyder, and Perrys for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred, relating to such Per-

son or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, as should contract, by virtue of that Act, with the

High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, for the

circulating and exchanging for ready Money the Exchequer Bills determined by the said Act authorized to be issued,

(except the Clause for altering the Rate of interest, and such other Parts as are varied by this Act), shall

extend to and operate, with respect to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their

Successors, in relation to the Exchequer Bills to be made out, exchanged, and circulated, by virtue of this

Act, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes as if a Contract in Writing had been made for

that Purpose in the Manner prescribed by the said Act, and as if the said Clauses, Powers and Provisions, were

herein specially re-enacted and applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case at any Time previous to the Expiration of

the said Term of six Years, to be computed from the said fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred

tire Price of the three Pounds^r Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities shall be eighty Pounds per Centum or

more, and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall then, or at any Time afterwards pre-

vious to the Expiration of the said Term of six Years, be minded and desirous to be repaid the said Sum of

three Millions; and of such their Mind and Intention shall give Notice to the Lord High Treasurer, or to the

Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain for the 'Time

being, that then and in that £)afe, from and after the Expiration of such Notice, the whole of the Exche- ,

quer Bills to be granted in pursuance of this A& shall become due and payable, in like Manner as if the

said Term of six Years had expired; and in case Payment thereof shall not be provided for by Parliament,

previous to the Expiration of such Notice, the said Exchequer Bills, together with all Charges incident to

or attending the fame, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid or borne by

Q_q 2 or

299

Monies so issued

out of the Con-

fab da ted Fund

to be replaced

granted Supplies.

Exchequer Bills

to bear Interest

if not paid on or

before April 5,

1806. -

The Bank to ex-

change for their

Promissory

Notes all such

of the said

Bills as shall,

within fix

Years, be ten-

dered to them 1

But shall not be

entitled to any

Premium for

the fame.

In case the Bank

refuse Payment,

how such Notes

may be reco-

vered.

Plaintiff entitled

tQ Damages at

the Rate of 15!.

perCent. per

Ann. and Coils.

The Provisions

in the M.dtAdl

of this Session

relating to Per-

fons con tracing

to circulate, &c.

Exchequer Bills,

(except, &c.)

shall extend to

the Bank in re-

lation to the

Bills made by

virtue of this

Act.

If previous to

the Expiration

of six Years the

three per Cerffc.

Confols be at 80

per Cent, the

Exchequer Bills

shall become

payable, on the

Bank givingNo-

ticeto the Trea-

fury, &c.

