A.D. 1800. Anno 39* & 40* Georgii III.

C.77.

393

be guilty of a Misdemeanour ; and the Court or Judge before whom any such Person or Persons [hall be tried fo"1'1

- and convidlcd, shall have Power * ~ A A"

Term not exceeding six Months.

and convictfd, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to#be imprisoned for any

of a Miidemea-

rour, and may

be imprisoned six Months.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this AS contained shall extend, or be not to ex-

construed to extend, to any Trespafsor Damage which shall be done or committed underground, by any d at0/dn0yne

Owner or Owners of any adjoining Coal or other Mine, in working the fame, or by any Person or Par- ^Ground

fons duly authorized, and employed in such Working as aforesaid. by Owners of

adjoining Mines in working the fame.

III. c And whereas it often happens that Colliersand Miners, disregarding their Agreements, wilfully and

* obstinately woik Coal and Iron Stone in a different Manner to what they (lipulated, or otherwise aban-

4 don the Agreement they have entered into, to the great and lading Prejudice of their Employers \ be it

therefore further enacted, That if any Person or Persons making any Bargain, or entering into any Con-

tract or Agreement in Writing, for raifingor getting any Coal, Culm, Iron Stone, or Iron Ore, shall wil-

fully, and to the Prejudice of the Owner, raise, get, or work, or cause to be raised, got, or worked, any such

Coal, Culm, Iron Stone, or Iron Ore, in a different Manner to his or their Stipulations in respect thereto,

and contrary to the Directions, and against the Will of the Owner, or his Agent or Agents having the

Care theret f, or shall desist or refuse to fulfil the Engagements they have entered into, every Person or

Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted, either by the Confession of the Party offending, or Upon

the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty’s Justices of

the Peace for the County wherein such Offence shall have been committed, shall, for every such Offence,

on Complaint of the Owner or Owners, or his or their Agent or Agents, and not otherwise, forfeitand

pay such Sum of Money, not exceeding Forty Shillings, as to such Justice or Justices shall ieem meet, to-

gether with the Charges previous to and attending such Conviction, to be ascertained by such Justice or

Justices who shall convict the Offender or Offenders; and upon Nonpayment thereof, such Justice or

Justices shall commit the Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol of the County or Place wherfc the

Offence shall be committed, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding six Months, or until

the Penalty and Charges (bal be paid; and upon such Conviction, every such Bargain, Contract, or Agree-

ment shall become void.

IV. 4 And whereas the Owners and Lessees of Coal, Iron Stone, or Iron Ore, contracting to get the

* fame raised by Weight, are often under the Necessity of advancing Money to the Colliers and Miners upon

4 the Measure thereof in Heaps, at or near the Colliery or Mine Work, before the fame can be carried to

4 be weighed, and great Frauds are nractifed in the walling and (lacking of such Coal, Iron Stone, and Iron

4 Ore, by which the Colliers and Miners obtain Money beyond what they earn, or are able to repay, and

4 Miners often defraud each other by conveying away Iron Stone from one Heap into another be it there-

fore enacted. That if any Person or Persons shall wall or (lack, or cause to be walled or (backed, any Coal,

Iron Stone, or Iron Ore, in any false or fraudulent Manner, with an Intent to deceive his or their Em-

ployer or Employers, or if any Person or P. rfons shall take and remove any Iron Stone or Iron Ore with

Intent to defraud the Person or Persons who shall have raised the fame, and shall be thereof convicted, either

by the Confession of the Party offending, or upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses,

"before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County wherein such Offence shall have been

committed, rt shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices to commit any such Person to the House

of Correction or Common Gaol for the same County, for any Time not exceeding three Months*

If any Collier

or Miner shall

work any Coaf,

Sec• different to

his Agreement,

or contrary to

the Directions

of the Owner,

or shall rdTufe

to fulfil his En-

gagements, he

shall on Convic-

tion before one

Justice forfeit

not exceeding^

40 s. and for

Nonpayment

may be impri-

foned.

If any ColHer

or Miner, Sec.

shall stack any

Coal, Sec. in a

fraudulent

Manner, to de-

fraud his Em-

ployer, or shall

remove any

Iron Stone to

defraud his

fellow Work-

men, Sec. he

may be impri-

soned, not ex-

ceeding three

Months.

_ V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall steal or take away any Coal, Culm, or Coak*

Wood, Iron, Ropes, or Leather, not exceeding the Value of five Shillings, from any Bank, Yard, Wharf,

or other Place, belonging to any Manufacturer or Coal Dealer, or off or out of any Boat, Barge, Wag-

gon, Cart, or other C arriage, or (hull wilfully break, destroy, or damage any Waggon, Cart, or other Car-

riage, used for carrying Coal, Culm, Coak, Iron, or Iron Stone, or shall steal, break, destroy, damage, or

embezzle any Tools or Implements used for catting or getting Coal, Culm, or other Minerals, not ex-

ceeding the Value above mentioned, and shall, on Complaint of the Owner or his Agent, be thereof con-

vifled, either by the Confession of the Party offending, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness

or Witnesses, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County where the Offence shall

be committed, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted as aforesaid, shall, for the first Of-

fence, forfeit and pay such Sum of Money, not exceeding ten Shillings, as to such Justice or Justices

shall seem meet, over and above the Charges previous to and attending such Conviction, to be ascertained

by such Justice or Justices who shall convu:t the Offender, and upon Nonpayment thereof such Justice or

ioffices shall commit the Offender to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for one

lonth, or until the Penalty and Charges shall be paid; and if any Person so convicted shall be guilty of

the like Offence a second Time, and shall be thereof convicted in like Manner, such Person shall forfeit

and pay such Sum of Money, not exceeding twenty Shillings, as to such Justice or Justices shall seem

9>eet, over and above the Charges previous to and attending such Conviction, to be ascertained by such

Justice or Justices who shall convidf the Offender, and upon Nonpayment thereof, such Justice or Juf-

tices shall commit the Offender to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour .for three

Months, or until the Penalty and Charges shall be paid; and if any Person so convicted shall be guilty

of the like Offence a third Time, or oftener, and shall be thereof convicted in like Manner, such Person

shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, such bum of Money, not exceeding forty Sniffings, as to such

39 &40 Geo. 111. 3 E N Justice

If any Person

shall steal any

Coal, or Mate-

rials. See* not

more than 5 a.

Value, from

any Place be-

longing to any

Manufacturer

or Coal Dealer,

or out of any

Boat, Sec. or

shall damage

any Carriage

used for carry-

ing Coals, &c»

or steal or da-

mage any

Tools used for

cutting Coal,

&rc. not exceed-

ing 5s. Value,

he shall be lia-

ble to certain

Penalties, viz.

not exceeding

10 s. or one

Month’s Impri-

sonment for tte

