A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III* C. Ixix, 237

Lands, Grounds, Houses, and Tenements, adjoining or contiguous thereto, making Satisfaction for the

Land taken and used for making such Back Drain or Back Drains, and for the Damages borne and suffered,

until the fame be completed; and alfoto make proper Watering Places for Cattle, where any ancient

Watering Places for Cattle shall be destroyed or rendered inaccessible, and also, in like Manner, to supply the

fame at all Times with Water for the Use of the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands and Hereditaments

adjoining the said Works; and that all such Arches, Bridges* Tunnels, Culverts, Drains, and other Passages,

lhalL from Time to Time, be supported, maintained, scoured, and kept in good and sufficient Repair by the

said Directors; and if at any Time or Times, after one Calendar Month’s Notice in Writing shall have been

given to or left for the Clerk, or feme known Agent of the said Works, by or on Behalf of any of the said

Owners or Occupiers of Lands or Premises adjoining or near the said Works; or any of them, that the

Arches, Tunnels, Culverts, Drains, Back Drains, or other Passages, or any of them, are not or is not

made, cleansed, and repaired, according to thetrue Intent and Meaning of this A&, and the fame shall not be

forthwith made, cleansed, and deepened accordingly, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to appeal

to, apply for, and obtain an Order, in Writing, from any two or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the

Peace for the County of Middlesex, (who are hereby authorized to give such Order, from Time to Time, as

often as there shall be Occasion,) enabling such Person or Persons to make, cleanse, and repair fuch1 Arches*

Tunnels, Culverts, Drains, Back Drains, or other Passages accordingly; and the reasonable Expences

thereof shall be borne and defrayed by the said Company, with Money to anse by virtue of this A&; and in

case of Refusal or Neglect to satisfy and defray such Expence, for the Space of thirty Days after Demand

thereof made upon the said Company, or on their Clerk or some known Agent, in Writing, such Expences

flhall and may be settled and ascertained by two or more of the said Justices, on Adjudication, under their

Hands; or the fame shall or may be'recovered and levied in such Maimer as any other Money is by this-

Act to be from the said Company.

44 The Directors empowered to (top up, alter, and build Sewers, under Direction of the Justices and Com*

missioners of Sewers for the Tower Hamlets. Such new Sewers, not being within the Dock Walls, to be

<c vested in and under the Direction of the Commissioners. § 62. Power to the Directors to make and

if maintain Draw and Swivel Bridges.—The Company to be indictable for not keeping the fame in Re-

44 pair, (fee § 7.) § 63. Power to the Directors to alter and divert Highways. § 64^ Power to get Mate*

«4 rials, and remove Obstrudtions in adjoining Lands; and to lay Materials on the adjoining Premises, fa-

tisfying the Owners. § 65. Power to make Bricks, and to take Sand from the River. §6$. Persons

not to take Sand from the Bed of the River for such Purposes without written Authority from the Com*

mon Council. §67* Power to supply the Docks, with Water from the Thames, &c. and to make

« Feeders, &Tr. (or that Purpose. § 6&. power to repair Works damaged by Floods. §69* Power to

« scour the Docks, £sV. and to remove Wrecks, i?c. at the Charge of the Owners. § 70. Power to cleanse*

H adjoining Watercourses, at the Land Owner’s Expence. § 71

LXXII. Provided always, and be it ena*£led, That no Slip or Slips, Dry Dock, Graving-Dock, Way, NoSlfps, &c.

or other Place, for the building, heaving down, or repairing or Ships, or other Vessels, shall at any Time for building or

hereafter be made or built, or permitted or fuffered to be made or built, in or adjoining any of the said Docks repairing Ship*,

hereby authorized to be made, or of the Basons and Cuts which shall belong thereto; nor shall the said Weft Vhe°r

India Dock Company, at any Time or Times, carry on, or be in any wise concerned in, the Trade or Do^kT; 5nor are

Business of building or repairing Ships or other Vessels for Hire or Profit. the Company to

be concerned in building or repairing Ship*.

LXXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That the making, performing, repair-

improving, or using of all or any of the said Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, Matters, and

T hings, herein before authorized to be rrnde and done by the said Direilors, shall in no wife prejudice, da-

mage, obstruct, or interrupt the laying out, conflpjcting^ forming, maintaining, or upholding, or the free

Use or Enjoyment of the said Canal, or any of the Cuts and other W orks he re in-be fore authorized and di-

rtied to be made or done by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled,

or any other Works, Matters, or Things necessary or convenient for the fame.

LXXIV. 4 And, for more effectually enabling the said Directors to lay out, make, and complete, and

use and enjoy the said Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works last hereby authorized to be made, and for

4* previously vesting the Land or Ground whereon the fame are or shall be intended to be situated, and the

4 Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, in 7'ruftees, for the Benefit of the said Company,’ be it further en-

acted, That as soon as conveniently may be after the Lands or Grounds whereon the fame last men-

tioned Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, are or shall be intended to be fituateJ, and the Fee Sim-

ple and Inheritance thereof shall be vested in the' Mayor end Commonalty and Citizens of the City of

London9 and their Successors, it shall be lawful to them, the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and

their Successors, and they are hereby authorized and required, at the Costs and Charges of the said Company,

and by such good and sufficient Deeds, Conveyances, and Assurances in the Law, as the said Directors, or

any five or more of them, or their Counsel in the Law, shall advise and require, to grant, convey, and allure

unto fix Persons to be chosen and appointed by the said Directors, or any five or more of them, and ap-

proved of by the said Company at a General Meeting, and to the Heirs and Assigns of such fix Persons, so

many, or all such Parcel or Parcels, of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments*

which shall lie or be to the Northward of the said intended Canal, and beyond the Distajice of one hun-

dred Feet therefrom, and which shall be part of the Ground so as aforesaid authorized to be purchased in the

said Ijit o/Dbgs, as shall, in the Judgment of the said Directors for the lime being, be proper, nccefl'ary, and

sufficient-

The making

and uting of

Docks, &c. not

to prejudice or

obllruft the Ca-

naL

For better erv*

abling the Di-

rectors to makd

the Docks, &c.

the Corp -ration

of London is to

convey the

Ground, where

the fame are to-

be fituatod, to

fix Trufkes in

Fee, in Trail’

for the Cora--

pany.

56. j'

c.

