A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 23. 289

C4 the Reduced from Ofiober to, 1799. $ 1. Promissory Notes and Post Bills of the Bank of Ireland^ de-

“ posited with the Bank of England, may be received at the Exchequer. § 3. The Treasury may authorize

“ the Bank to receive such Promissory Notes and Post Bills in Payment of future Instalments, which shall

44 be received at the Exchequer. § 4. ' Such Notes shall be deemed sufficient Payment on Account of any

44 Warrant for remitting to Ireland* Monies granted for his Majesty’s Service there. § 5. Bank not an-

44 fwerable for the Payment of such Notes and Post Bills, § 6. Bank may pay Exchequer Bills in

44 their Possession made out under 39 Geo. 3. c. 68. for Instalments of the Loan. § 8. Discount of per

44 Cent. to December 12, 1800, to be allowed on Payment of the Whole of the Subscriptions in advance,

44 before November 20. §9. Annuities payable and transferable at the Bank. § 13. The J oan and In-

44 terest to be chargeable as to 7,000,000l. on the Consolidated Fund 5 as to the remaining 13,500,000l. ort

44 the Produce of the Duties imposed by the Contribution Act, 38 Geo. 3. c. 16. the Convoy Ait, 38 Geo. 3.

76. and the Income Act, 39 Geo. 3. r. 13. or on Failure of that Produce, then on the Consolidated

44 Fund. § 14. Cashier of the Bank to give receipts for Subscriptions, which may be assigned before A&-

*4 vember ?0,1800. § 16.”

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties of Excise on British and Foreign

Spirits, and Tea. [ioch March 1800.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

€ Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subj efts, the Commons of Great Britain^ !n Pajlia-

ment*assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s Publick Ex-

pences, and making a permanent Addition to the Publick Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved

to give and grant to yotir Majesty, the several additional Rates and Duties of Excise herein respectively

mentioned; and do therefore most hurrbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enabled and be it en-

acted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content, of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aitembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there duties in

shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use.of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon (AO to be

the several Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities, mentioned and described in the Schedule Drawback^io

marked (A.) hereunto annexed, the several Sums of Money and Duties of Excise, as they are respectively in- schedule (BO

ferted, described, and set forth, in the said Schedule; and that there shall be made, allowed* and paid, for allowed.

or in respect of Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities, for or in rfefpeft whereof any Duty of

Excise is by this Act imposed, to the several Perfotls entitled to the fame, the Drawbacks of Excise, as the

fame are also inserted, described, and set forth, in the Schedule marked (B.) hereunto annexed; and also

all such special Allowances as are particularly directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force

on and immediately before the passing of this Act; and the fame respectively shall commence and take Commencement

Effect from the respective Days mentioned in the said Schedules, in Cafes where special Dates are inserted Duties.

therein, and in Cafes where no such Date is inserted, from the Day on which this Act shall receive the

Royal Assent.

II. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties of Excise by this Act imposed, as shall arise in Duties tobetm-

that Part of Great Britain called England,(ha\\ be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in der the Manage-

_ England for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, mentofthe

shall be tinder the#Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being; and shall be ^f°^n!jri0.ners

accounted for cleared off, paid, satisfied, and discharged, by the Person and Persons liable to the accounting England^nd

for, clearing off, Payment, Satisfaction, or Discharge thereof, at such Time and Times, and in such Scotland respec-

Manner, as the Duties of Excise, chargeable upon the like Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Common tircly.

dities respectively, or upon any Person or Persons for or in respect thereof, were, by any Act or Acts of

Parliament in Force immediately before the passing of this Act, to be accounted For, cleaned off, paid, satis-

fied, 6r discharged. ,

IIK‘4 And whereas Contracts or Agreements may have been made before thetwenty-sixthDayof February Where Con-'

c one thousand eight hundred, by Importers or Dealers in Foreign Spirits, and by Distillers and Makers of tracts have been

Spirits, for such Spirits respectively, to be delivered after the faiu twenty-sixth Day of Fthuaryowt thousand Fe-

c eight hundred be it therefore enacted, That such Importers or Dealers, and such Distillers and Makers ,8^ryfor Deli-

re spectively, delivering such Spirits after the said twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand eight hundred^ vtry of Spirits"

in pursuance of such Contrafts, dial 1 be allowed to add so much Money as will be equivalent to the Duties after that Day^

by this Act imposed, for or in respect of such Spirits respectively to the Price thereof, and shall be entitled by the Duty may be

virtue of this Act to be paid for the fame accordingly. ^ded to the

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said several Sums of Money respectively inserted, described, and 1>ncc‘

set forth in the said Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (A.), as the Duties of Excise, and the Drawbacks nlltictanu

of the Duties of Excise, set forth in the said Schedule, marked (B.), upon the several Goods, Wares, Mer- bUevic:andal-

chandize, or Commodities inserted therein, fnali and may be respectively raised, levied, collected, answered, lowed according

paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed in such ami the like Manner, and in or by any or either to, and the

of the General Means, Ways, or Methods, determined by which the former Duties of Excise respectively, and Draw- Coo.’*,&c. to

backs of Dutiesof Excise respectively, or by any or either of the special Means, Ways or Methods respec- Jf°£X

tively, by which the former Duties of Excise icspectively, and Drawbacks of Duties of Excise respectively, Ws 0 x'

upon Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities of the feme Sorts or Kinds respectively, were or might

39 & 40 Gso. III. Pp be

