xxviii The TITLES of the STATU

cv. An Act for taking down, and re-building upon a more

enlarged Scale, the Chapel of Saint Mary, in the 'Ibwn of

Caernarvon. . Page 519

cv:. An Act for establishing a new Church or Chapel lately

erected on the South Side of Hunter Street, within the

Town and Paiilhof Liverpool, in the County Palatine of

Lancajhr. ibid*

evii. An Act fer the Appointment and Regulation of Pilots

and Hoblers for the conducting of Ships and Vtfiids into

and out of the Port or Harbour and River of Neath, in the

County of Glamorgan; for placing Buoys upon the Bar of

N*ath, and the Removal of Obft'ruclions in the Paid Port

or Harbour and River; for regulating the Mooring of

Ships and Vessels therein; and for the Regulation of Por-

ters within the said Port or Harbour and River, and within

the Town of Neath. 5 21

cviii. An Act for altering and amending an Act, made

in the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Na-

vigable Canal from the Town and County jef the Town of

Southampton, to the City of New Sarum, in the County of

. Wilts, with a Collateral Branch to Noitham, within the

Liberties of the Town of Southampton. 523

-cix. An Act for enabling the Horncajlh Navigation Com-

pany to raise a further Sum of Money to complete the said

Navigation, and for amending an Act, passed in the thirty-

second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for mak-

ing and maintaining the {aid Navigation. Ibid.

cx« An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament,

the Term, and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, p.ified

in the twent\Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Ma-

jesty King George the Second, and the fifth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, for opening, makings

widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from RotcajJ'

Highway, through Cannon Street, in the County of

Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of Essex,

and alto from the Weft End of Brook Street into Cable

Street, and from Upper Shadwell Street, into the Back

Lane, of the said County of Middlesex. Ibid.

txi. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two

, Acts, passed for repairing, amending, and widening, the

Road from Keighley, in the Weft Riding of the County of

York) to Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland,

so far as the lame relate to that Part of the said Road which

lies within the Counties of ff'rjtmcrlandand Lane after. 524

cxii. An Act for continuing for twenty one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament,

the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two

Acts, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his

late Majifiy King George the Second, and in the tenth

Year of live Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing

and widening the Road from Sution, in the County of Sur-

rey, through the Borough of Reigate, by Si alow Ad id to

Povey Ci qjs, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in

the lame County. Ilia.

cxiii. AnAclfui veiling Part of the settled Estatesof the Mod

Honourable A> thur Marquis of Doicnshire, in the Kingdom

ot Ire.and, and Earl of Iditljb, ough, in the Kingdom of

England, m Trustees, to be i.ud, and ft>r laying out the

Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Eftatts, to

be settled in Lieu thereof, and to the fame Ufcs, and for

other Purposes. Ibid.

cxiv. An A :t for the Partition of divers Estates of the Ete

Sir Hump rey Bridges B.wom't, in which the Right Ho-

aourabl Richard Viscount Flizwiliiam, in the Kingdom

of Ireland, the Reverend Richard Huntley and George

Brooke Esquire, have undivided Shares. . Page 524

cxv. An Act for confirming a Partition made of the Eft ties

of the hue Humphrey Pitt Esquire, and certain Powers of

Sale, mentioned in the Partition Deeds. Ibid.

cxvi. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-

mons-and Waste Lands in the Parish of Yjceijing, in the

County of Flint, and in the Paiiih of Naaierch, in the

Counties of Flint and Denbigh. Ibid.

cxvii. An Act for enabling Trustees to enfranchise Copyhold

Me flu ages or Tenements in the Manor of Brightkelmjhn,

in the County of S.ufex, and to grant Leases of certain

other Tenements within the said Manor, deviled by the

Will of the late Charles Scrafe Esquire, deceased 527

cxviii. An Act for draining, enrthanki g, and preserving,

divers Tracts of Land within the Tcwmhip of Aluston, in

the Parish of Hun manky, and also within funury other

Parishes, Townships, or Places adjoining t r 1 ear to the

Rivers Derwent and Harford, in the Eall and North Rid-

ings of the County of York. said.,

cxix. An Act for efixeiuating a Partition or Divifton of cer-

tain Freehold and Copyhold, or Cullomary, Messuages,

Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of U'orcejhrr

herctolore the Estates of Holland Coolfey Esquire, drccaiedy

and for. substituting Thomas Bird Gentleman, to be a

Truflcc in me Place of IPildam DoiiudjiVidl Esquire, now

in Parts beyond the Sea, for all the Purposes for which the

said ITilliam Daivdejvcell, jointly with Thomas Blayncy

Gentleman, is a Truike or one undivided Fifth Part of the

said Freehold and Copyhold, or Cullomary, Messuages,

LamL, and Hereditaments. $31

cxx. An A Si for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-

mons, Waste Lands, and Marlhes, in the Parish of IF'hit-

ford, in the County of Flinty and for fencing the said

Mar flies. Ibid.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-

i \ mon and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable

Lands, and Waste Grounds in the Parish of <Tilbrooke, in

the County of Bedford.

2. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Cvimmon

and Q|>en Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and

Waste Grounds within the Parish of f/iip, in the Count/

of Northampton.

3. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-

mons and Waste Grounds within the Parish ut SulIjouJc, in

the County of Norfolk.

4- An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons

and W aite Grounds within the Parish of Langley, in the

County of Norfolk.

5. An Act for dividing, ai!ott:ng, and inclosing, the Common

Fields, Half Year it onack Lands, Warren Commons,

Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Pa-

ri fh of Caw/io-i, )n the County of Nut folk*

6. An Act for dividing, ahotting, and inclosing the Moor,

Commons, and Waste Lands, lying within the Manor arul

Parish of Locking, in the County of Somerft.

7. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common

and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Wands, and

Waste Grounds, in the Parish of By thorny in the County

of Huntingdon.

3. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-

mons and Waste Grounds, witmn trie Parish of Thenpf,next

Norwich, in the County of Norfolk, and in the County of

the City of Norwich.

9. An Act for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, two certain

Tracts of Land now held and uled as Stinted Common of'

Feature,

