220

33 Geo. 3»

c*4S-

<7. xix.—-xxix. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A. D. 1799.

Cap. xix.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the eleventh Year

of the Reign of King George the First, the fixthand twenty fixrh Years of His late Majesty, and in the

twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Parish o$ Enfield, in

the County of Mi ddie ftx, to the Town of Hertfordy and from the Jind of the Town of Hertford to Am-

well End, near Ware, in the County of Hertford, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned.

[19th 1799.]

Cap. xx.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the second and twenty-

second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turn-

pike Road at Weyhill, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Lydeway, in the County

of Wilts*—[ ioth May 1799.]

Cap. xxi.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of three several Acts^ passed in the fourteenth

and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-

sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the fame relate to the Road from Selby to Leeds,

in the W eft Riding of the County of York.—[ 10th May 1799.}

Cap. xxii.

An Act for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dumfries and Roxburgh, to continue in Force for

twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then nextSession of Parliament#—[10th May 1799.]

Cap. xxiii.

An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia-

ment, the Term and Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty,

and the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Lea,

at or near a Place called Jeremy's Ferry, and for making, repairing,^ and widening Roads from thence

into the Great Roads at Snarejbrooke in the County of E/Jex, and at Clapton in the County of Middlesex.

[iothMay 1799.]

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the third and twenty-

fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing, widening, and

keeping in Repair, the Road from Kirkby Kendall, in the County of Westmoreland, to Kirkby Treleth,

in the County of Lancaster.—[ioth May 1799.J

t

Cap. xxv.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Manchester, in the County Palatine of

Lancaster, through Oldham to Aujlerlands, in the Parish of Saddleworth, in the County of York, and from

Oldham to Ashton-under-Lyne, and from Oldham to the Village of Royton, in the said County Palatine of

Lancaster.—[ioth May 1799.]

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Fofton Bridge, in the County of

Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the Couftty of Nottingham,—{1 oth May 1799.J

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, intituled. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Loch Gilp to

Loch Crinan in the Shire of Argyll*—[ 1 oth Afay 1799.]

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Severn, from or near Creffage, in the County of Salop, to the

opposite Shore; and for making proper Roads or Avenues to and from the same.—[ ioth May 1799.]

Cap. xxix.

An Act to continue for twenty-one Years/and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of two Acts, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of

His late Majesty, and in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and

widening the Roads from Coleham Bridge, in Shrewfhury, to the Market Place in Church Stretton, and to

the Top of Lythwood Hill, and from Pulley Common to the Maypole in Condover; and from Coleham

Bridge to Longdon, and from the Fifth Mileftone near Longdon, to the Turnpike Gate at Castle Pulver-

batch> in the County of Salop.—L1 oth May 1799 ]

*5 Cap.

C.oooole

