C.lxxiv.*—Ixxxii. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A. D. 1799.

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for making a new Street from the Haymarket into Charles Street, Saint James's Square, within the

City and Liberty of IVftminster.—[ 12th *799-]

Cap. lxxv*

An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Cheadle%

through Alveton, to the Vttoxcter and Ashborne Turnpike Road, at or near §>uickfl>ill Bank ; and also the

Road leading from the Stone and Vttoxeter Turnpike Road* at Bear’s Brook, through Holllngton, to the

said Uttoxeter and Ashborne Turnpike Road, at or near the Chur net Bridge at Rocester, in the County of

Stafford, to continue in Force for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session

of Parliament.—[\z\l\July 1799.]

Cap. Ixxvi.

An Act to continue, for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia-

ment, the Term and. Powers of an Act, passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road,

in the Parish of A ft hall, in the County of Oxforu, to the Turnpike Road at or near Buckland, in the County

of Berks. —[ 12th July 1799.]

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of three Acts, passed in the fourth and twenty-fourth Years

of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His

-present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the most Southern Part of Butt Lane, in the Parish

of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Lawton, and from thence to HenfhaWs Smithy, upon

Cranage Green, in the said County.—[nth July 1799.]

Cap. Ixxviii.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia-

ment, the Term, and altering the Powers, of an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's

Reign, for repairing the Road from the Town of Skipton to the Turnpike Road from Leeds to Ripon,ne*t

Okbeck, in the Township of Bilton with Harrogate, and from thence to the Road leading from Knareft

borough to Wetherby, in the Weft Riding of the County, of Tark.—~[12th July 1799 ]

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for enabling William Stephen Poyntz Esquire, and the Honourable Elizabeth Mary his Wife, to

charge the Estates late of the Right Honourable George Samuel Lord Viscount Montague deceased, in the

County erf Sussex, with a competent Sum of Money for improving the same, and for other Purposes.

[12th 1799.]

Cap % lxxx.

An Act for confirming and rendering effectual a Partition and Division between the late Honourable Penn

Asjheton Gurzon deceased, and the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Ribblesdale (then Thomas Li/ler Ef-

ouire) of the Rectory of Whalley, and of the Chapels, Glebe Lands, Meliiiages, Tenements, T.ythes,

Obventions, Profits, and Hereditaments thereto belonging, now held under a Lease from the Lord Arch-

bishop of Canterbury, and for that Purpose to enable the said Lord Archbishop and his Successors, at all

Times hereafter, to grant the said Rectory and Premises by two several Leases, according to the said

Partition and Division.—[nth July 1799.J

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act for vesting a Piece of Ground and Hereditaments in the Parish of Saint Mary Woolnolh, in the

City of London, belonging to the Parish of Saint Mary le Bow, in Abraham Robarts, William Curtis,

Ellis Were, and Charles Hornyold\ of the said City of London, Bankers and Co-partners, in Fee Simple,

upon Payment of the Sum of one thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds, upon Trull, to be applied in

the Manner therein mentioned, for the Support of a Lecturer, and for better regulating the Appoint-

ment of the said Lecturer.—[i2th July 1799.]

Cap. IxxXii.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for ereftinga

Building for holding the Courts, and exercising the Jurisdiction, of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate

Church of Saint Peter, in Westminster, and for holding the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and transacting

the other Publick Bufinefsof the said City and Liberty.—[42th July 1799.]

Cap. lxxxiii.

