37 Geo. 3.

c* 32. and

37 C.eo. 3.

c. (i. ie-

cited#

^4 C. 9, 10, 11. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III, A. D. 1799.

and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Bart of Great Britain called

England j’ and also to amend the said Ad, and further to continue the fame, lo amended,

until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

[4th January 1799.]

* XWHEREAS an Act was passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in-

c VV tituled, An Act to fifpemi for a limited Time the Operation cf two'At Is of the fifteenth and Jcvcnteenth

4 Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for refraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills

4 of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England : And whereas an-

4 other Act was passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled. An At7 to revive, amende and continue,

4 for a limited Time, an Atl passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, 44 An Act to fujpend., for a

44 limited Time, the Operation of two Atls of the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present

44 Majesty, for refraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited

44 Sum, within that Part g/'Great Britain called England*” And whereas the said first-recited Act, as revived,

4 amended, and continued by the said fecoad-recited Act, has, by two other Acts, one passed in the fame

4 Session of Parliament (a), and the other in the last Session of Parliament (b), been further continued until

4 the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of this present Session : And whereas it is expedient

4 that the said two first-recited Acts should be further continued and amended be it enacted by the King’s

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said first herein-

before recited Act, as revived, amended, and continued by the said second herein-before recited Act, and also

the said second herein-before recited Act, shall have further Continuance and be in force from the Expiration

of the present Term thereof, until the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine ;

and that from and after the said first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety~T)ine, the said

recited Acts shall have further Continuance and be in force until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thou-

sand seven hundred and ninety-nine, but shall only extend to and have Effect upon Promiflbry Notes or

Draughts, or Undertakings in Writing, payable on Demand to the Bearer thereof, for any Sum of Money

less than the Sum of five rounds, and not less than the Sum of twenty Shillings in.the Whole; any Thing

in the said Acts, or any other Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and that

this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be paired in this present Session of

Parliament.

cap* 24. continuing this AEl to May 25, and cap* 47, to the 5lb July 1799.—aljo cap. 107*]

7 G. 3.

w rj7<

c. 120. J

(*) [3*C-3‘

Ct 7*]

Recited A£U

further conti-

nued to March

25> *799; but

after Feb. i,

1799, Grail only

extend toNotes,

&c. for ltfs

than 5I. and

rot lef» than

ae s. payable on

Demand to

Bearer.

A& may be

altered or re-

pealed this Session.

CAP. X.

An Act to continue until the twenty fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and

amend, an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Two, vide-

licet, on the thirtieth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, intituled. An Act to

continue until the Expiration of thirty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an

Act pajfid in the Session of Parliament of the thirty sixth and thirty seventh Years <ff His present Majesty,

Chapter One hundred and thirty seven, videlicet, on the twentieth of July one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-seven, intituled, 4 An Act to continue an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled,

4C. An Act to revive and continue for a limited Time, and amend, an Act passed in the present Session of Par-

44 liament, intituled, 4 An Act to allow the Banks and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great

4 Britain called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount, for a limited Time ; and for in-

4 demnifying all Persons who have issued Notes for small Sums of Money in that Part of the United King-

4 dom,” for a limited Timed—[4th January 1799.J

c< 37 Geo. III. Cap. 40; 37 Geo. III. Cab. 62 ; 37 Geo. III. Cap. 117 ; and 38 Geo. III. Cap. t • recited.

44 Adlaft recited, further continued till March 2c, 1799. This Act may be repealed this Session. [Gwt-

44 tinned by c. 2$. to May 25 ; and by c. 48. to July 5, 1799.]”

From Jan. 15, II. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, .That from and after the fifteenth Day of January one thou*

1799, no Note* sand seven hundred and ninety-nine, it shall not be lawful to issue any Note, Bill, or Ticket, under xhc Au-

be issued *kority of this Act, for any Sum under five Shillings Sterling.

cap. 107 J

CAP. XL

An Act for allowing further Time for the Payment of Instalments to become due on

certain Sums advanced by way of Loan, to certain Persons connected with and trading

to the I (lands of Grenada and Saint Vincents.—[4th January 1759.]

€ 1 WHEREAS an Act was passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

35 Geo. 3. 4 VV An Act for enabling his Majesty to dir eft the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, for the

u 127. 4 Purposes ayd in the Manner therein mentioned, reciting that in Consideration of the heavy Lodes which had

4 becnwftained in the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincents, in consequence of the late Insurrections, it was

6 4 expedient

