A.D. 1799. Anna tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. lviii. 225

and so in like Manner if the fame be not sent for before the End of the second or any subsequent Week to

charge the further Sum of one Penny weekly.

VIII. Provided also, That if any such Box, Basket, or other Article brought to such Tun, Warehouse, or

other Place as aforesaid, which is not directed to be left till called for, shall, before the fame is sent for De-

livery from such Inn, Warehouse, or other Place, be demanded by any Person properly authorized to re-

ceive the fame, such Box/Ba(ket, or other Article shall be thereupon delivered to such Person so demanding

the fame; and it shall in such Cafe be lawful to and for such Innkeeper, Warehousekecpcr, or other Person to

charge and take the Sum juilly due for the Carriage thereof, and also the Sum of two Pence for the Ware-

house-Room thereof; but if the fame be not delivered to such Person upon such Demand, or any Charge

other than as aforesaid be made or received in respect thereof, every Innkeeper, Warehousekeeper, or other

Person, to whose Inn, Warehouse, or other Place such Box, Balket, or other Article shall be brought as

aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings nor less than

ten Shillings.

IX. * And, for the preventing the Misbehaviour of Porters or other Persons employed in the Porterage or

4 Delivery of such Boxes, Baskets, Packages, Parcels, T russes, Game, or other Things as aforesaid,’ be it

further eluded, That upon Complaint made of any Non-Delivery, Neglect, Mifeonduct, or Misbehaviour

in such Employment to any Justice of the Peace within whose Jurisdiction the Offence has been committed,

or the Offender shall be or reside, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice of the Peace to grant a

Warrant to bring before him the Person against whom such Complaint shall be made, and upon Proof,

made upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer,) of any such Non-Deli-

very, Negle£t, Miscondu&, or Misbehaviour of such Porter or other Person, to impose a Fine or Penalty

upon such Porter or other Person not exceeding, the Sum of twenty Shillings nor leis than five Shil-

lings.

A* And be it further enacted, That if any Person to whom any such Box, Baficet, Package, Parcel,

Truss, Game, or other Article as aforesaid shall be directed, shall, upon the Delivery thereof, neglect or

refuse to pay to the Porter or other Person employed to deliver the fame the Money justly due for the Car-

riage thereof, and also due for the Porterage or Delivery thereof, according to the Rates aforesaid, or for

the Warehouse*Room thereof, as the Cafe may be, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of

the Peace within whose Jurifd id ion fuchNegled or Refusal shall be made, or the Person charged with such

Offence shall reside, upon Complaint thereof made, to grant a Warrant to bring before him the Person

against whom such Complaint shall be made, and upon Proof thereof, made upon Oath, (which Oath such

Justice is hereby empowered to administer,) to award reasonable Satisfaction to the Party grieved, for his

Damage and Costs, and for his Loss of Time in lecovering the fame, and on Non-Payment of the Sum so

awarded, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and

Chattels of the Offender, rendering to such Offender the Overplus of such Distress, if any there be, after

deducting the Charges of making the same.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Person shall be prosecuted for any Offence

against this Act, unless Information of such Offence be given to a Justice of the Peace within fourteen Days

next after the Com million of such Offence.

XII. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to autho-

rize the Employment of any Porter or other Person in the Porterage or Delivery of Parcels within the City

of London contrary to the Taws and Ulagesof the said City. Porter contrary to the Ufageofth?

XIII. ‘ And, for the speedy Recovery of all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures which shall be incur-

red under this Act,’ be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for any one or more Juf-

tice or Justices of the Peace withui whose Jurisdiction any Offence or Offences against this Act shall be

committed, or the Person charged with such Offence (hah retide, upon Complaint or Information to him

or them made, to summon the Partyor Parties accused, and also the WiWieffes on either Side, to appear be-

fore him or them at a certain Time and Place in such Summons to be specihcd, and upon the Appearance of

the Party or Parties accused, or in Default of his, her, or their Appearance according to such Summons,

tdue Proof being made of the Service of such Summons,) to proceed to hear and determine the Matter in a

summary Way, and upon due Proof made of the Offence, either by the voluntary Confdlion of the Party

or Parties accused, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, ( which Oath or Oaths

the said Justice or Justices is or are empowered to administer.) to convict the Partyor Parties, and to awaid.

and adjudge the Penalties impoled by this Act to be paid by such Offender or Offenders, together with rea-

sonable Costs and Charges attending such Conviction, and upon Non-Payment of the Surn so awarded,

cither immediately or at such Time as the said Justice or Justices (hull appoint, not exceeding (even Days,

such Justice or Juliices before whom such Conviction (ffall be had is or are hereby empowered and authorized

to iffuehisor their Warrant for apprehending such Offender ; and in case such Offender (huS! escape or go.

out of the Jurifiiidion of such Justice or Justices, it shall and may be lawful for any other Justice of the

Peace of the County or Place where such Offender shall be found, by Indorsement of such Warrant, to au-

thorize the .Execution thereof within the Jurisdiction of such Justice, and the Justice or Juliices who granted

such Warrant may, upon the Offender bving brought before him or them, commit fuen Offender to fomc?

publick Prisonor House of Correction of the City, County, or Place in which such Offence shall have been

committed, or such Offender shall have redded, there to remain without Bail or Mainprise for any Term

not exceeding one Calendar Month or less than fourteen Days from the Day of every inch Commitment,

unless such Offender shall sooner pay the Sum to be mentioned in every such Warrant of Commitment.

39 Geo. III. Gg XIV. And

houfo-Room

may be charged^

P.ucfls not

dire fed to He

left mi o.iied

for fh »!J be

delivered in like

Manner on

Demand, un-'er

3 like Penalty.

M.'fhehmour

ot Porters may

br pimilhed by

one Justice, by

Fmctrom 20s.

to 5s.

Rates of Porter-

age may be

recovered before

one Justice,

who may levy

fame and Colts

by Distivfc.

Informations

shall be laid

within 14 Days.

.Not to autho-

rize the Em-

ployment of my

v ity of Londc a

Penalties t:ny

he recovu-.-d

before one

Juli.cr, &:•

