488 C. xlii. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

4 said Land Tax, and to be by them applied accordingly : But as the fame cannot be done without the Aid

4 and Authority of Parliament; therefore, upon the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of

* the City of London, in Common Council assembled,* may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted;

and be it enacted, &c.

44 Common Council empowered to raise 30,000/. more upon the Credit of the Orphans* Fund, and also

€i 6o,oooo/. on the Credit of that Fund and of the Monies, to arile by Sale of Ground Rents, £sV. Contri-

41 butors to be entitled to redeemable Annuities, to commence from July $, 1800. Common Council to

44 cause Bonds, or other Securities, to be given for such Annuities, affigiiable by Indorsement. § z.”

The Cretans*

fund charged

with such An-

Baltic t.

Future Sur-

pluses of the

laid Fund how

4D be employed*

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Fund called The Orphans’ Fund shall be, and the fame is

hereby charged and made chargeable with the Annuities which shall be payable in respect of the said Sums

of thirty thousand Pounds and sixty thousand Pounds, to be borrowed and raised under or by virtue of this

Act, subject nevertheless and without Prejudice to the Payment of the Interest on the Principal Debts re-

maining due to the Orphans and other Creditors of the said City, and to the Payment of the several

Annuities which are or shall be payable in respect of the several Principal Sums borrowed and raised

upon the Credit of the said Fund, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament already passed and now in

force.

IV. And be it further enacted. That out of the future Surpluses of the said Orphans’ Fund (after lefenr-

ing so much Money as shall be sufficient to satisfy the Interest payable from 'l ime to Time to the Orphans

and other Creditors of the said City, as also to satisfy the Annuities and yearly Interest payable from Time

to Time in respect of the several other Principal Sums raised and borrowed by virtue or under the Authority

of the several Acts of Parliament already passed for this Purpose, and now in force,) the Annuities payable

and to be payable in respect of the said Sums of thirty thousand Pounds and sixty thousand Pounds, autho-

rized and directed to be raised and borrowed under and by virtue of this present Act, shall be paid, from

Time to Time, as the fame shall grow due, before any Part of such Surplusses shall be applied in Redemp-

tion of the Annuities and the Payment of the Principal Monies already charged upon the said Fund, and

that the Residue of such Surplusses, after such Payments, as by any Act or Acts of Parliament already

passed, and now in force, are directed to be made out of the fame, shall be paid and satisfied, shall, from

Time to Time, by Order of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City of London, (which Order

the said Court are hereby authorized and directed to make,) be by the Chamberlain of the said City for

the Time being applied towards the Redemption of all and Angular the Annuities to be payable in respect of

the said Sum of thirty thousand Pounds, in such Order and Course as the said Court of Mayor and Alder-

men shall think fit.

44 Upon Notice of Redemption of Annuities and Tender of the Monies, the Annuities to cease. J 5.

44 Deficiencies to be paid out of the Chamber of London. § 6.”

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Sums of thirty thousand Pounds and sixty thousand

Pounds, or so much thereof respectively as shall be so raised as aforesaid, after Payment thereout of die Ex-

pences of obtaining and passing this Act, (and which Expences it (half be lawful to retain and pay accord-

ingly,) shall be applied for or towards the Purposes of the said recited Acts of the thirty-fifth and thirty-eighth

Years of the Reign of his present Majesty and of this Act, and that no Part thereof shall be applicable or

applied to or for any other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever ; and that if any Surplus shall remain of the

said Sum of thirty thousand Pounds and sixty thousand Pounds, over and above what shall be applied to the

Purposes aforesaid, such Surplus shall be appropriated and applied for or towards the Increase of the said Or*

phans* Fuijd.

The Monty to

be raised and

Arrowed under

this Act shall

he applitd only

for the Purposes

of the two re-

cited Acts and

erf this Act,

and the Surplus

thereof, if any,

to go -towards the Increase of the Orphans’ Fund.

The Montes to

*rile from such

Sates to be ap-

plied in re-

deeming the

Annuities to be

granted in re-

iptdl of the

said Sum of

sixty thousand

Pounds, m or-

der to exone-

rate the Or-

phans’ Fund

therefrom,

-ind the Surplus

The Corpora-

tion anPwirable

m jifz of a»y

44 Common Council enabled to fell the Ground Rents and Reversion of such Parcels of the Land, pur-

44 chafed and to be purchased, and taken from the Streets under the two recited Acts, as shall not be ap-

4< propriated to publick Ule. The Receipts of the Chamberlain, to be sufficient Discharges for the

4i Purchase Monies. § 8.”

IX. And be it also enacted. That the clear Monies which shall from Time to Time arise and be pro-

duced from or by Means of such Sales as aforesaid, and which shall remain after Payment of the Cells and

Charges incident to such Sales respectively, shall, from Time to Time, by Order of the Court of Mayor

and Aldermen of the said City of London, (which Order the said Court are hereby authorized and directed

to make,) be, by the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being, applied and disposed cf in or towards

/^deeming the Annuities to be granted in respect of the said Sum of sixty thousand Pounds, to the Person or

Persons to whom the fame shall respectively belong, so far as the Monies to arise by such Sales shall extend,

to the Intent that the said Orphans’ Fund may be thereby exonerated from the same Annuities, or from

such or so much of the fame respectively as the Monies to arise by such Sales shall be found sufficient to re-

deem, pay off, and discharge ; and that if any Surplus of the said Monies, to arise by Sale as aforesaid,

shall remain over and above what shall be necessary for the Purposes last herein-before mentioned, such Sur-

plus shall be appropriated and applied for or towards the Increase of the said Orphans’ Fund.

(if any) of such Monies is to go towards the Increase of that Fund.

X. And be it further enacted. That if the said Sums of thirty thousand Pounds and sixty thousand Pounds,

or either of them, or any Part thereof respectively, shall happen to be inifepplicd or converted to any other

Uic

c.ooQ[e

