■J*

SP

F»om

toi. to 6;1. T>Icth

Part oi such In-

come.

®5l. and ch-

clt r 701.5

70)---7 Sl* i

75I—*ol.

*ol.—85L5

Sjl—90I.5

got—95L;

95!.—idol. 5

1 $el.—105I. j

I05L—ucl ;

uol.—II5J.

C. 13.

Anno tricesimo nono Georgu III. A.D. 1799.

T*

1

rr

1

r<5

TT

TJT

TT

1

TO*

IT

TI5I— Jiol.j

Wol.—125!. ;

TT

I

If

*151.-1301.; T«0

*301—1351.; T*T

-jjsL—*401.5 *3

140I—145I.; ,>T

*451.-150].; ,'r

*50).—l5jl.5

1551—>6ol.; tV

*6ol—165). 1 *1;

*65!.—1701.3 t'j

1701—1751.; iV

1751—1801.3 r'r

1801—1851.; 7*

1S5I— 190I.; t'x

*901—1951.5 i,'v

195I—*ool. 3 TV

aool. or

upwards

5*

Persons having

Children main-

rained principally

at their Expence,

/hail be allowed

the following

Abatement vis.

Persons having

Income of 60I. and

under 400V a Year,

5 perCent. for

each Child:

400L and under

roooo). 4 per Cent,

.for each Child

where there is any

coe above fix

Years old, and 3

per Cent, where ail

theChiidren are

under fix:

sooooi. and under

50C0L 3 perCent.

and x. per Cent, in

like Manner:

5000I. and up-

wards, a, per Cent*

Vocation, the several Rates and Duties following; that is to iky, one one-hundred-and-twentieth Part of

the Income of every such Person* Body Politick or Corporate, Company, Fraternity, or Society, efti-

mated according to this A<St, if the fame shall Amount unto sixty Pounds per Annum, and shall be tinder

sixty-five Pounds per Annum ; one ninety-fifth Part of such Income, if the fame shall amount to sixty-five

Pounds, but shall be under seventy Pounds; one seventieth Part of such Income, if the fame shall amount

to seventy Pounds, but shall be under seventy-five Pounds ; one sixty-fifth Part of such Income, if the fame

shall amount to seventy-five Pounds, but shall be under eighty Pounds; one fixrieth Part of such Income,

if the fame shall amount to eighty Pounds, but shall be under eighty-five Pounds; one fifty.fifth Part of

such Income, if the fame shall amount to eighty-five Pounds, but shall be under ninety Pounds; one fiftieth

Part of such Income, if the fame shall amount to ninety Pounds, but shall be under ninety-five Pounds;

one forty-fifth Part of such Income, if the fame shall amount to ninety-five Pounds, but shall be under

one hundred Pounds*; one fortieth Part of such Income, if the fame shall amount to one hundred Pounds,

but shall be under one hundred and five Pounds ; one thirty-eighth Part of such Income, if the fame shall

amount to one hundred and five Pounds, but shall be under one hundred and ten Pounds; one thirty-sixth

Part of such Income, if the fame shall amount to one hundred and ten Pounds, but (lull be under one

hundred and fifteen Pounds; one thirty-fourth Part of such Income, if the fame shall amount to one hun-

dred and fifteen Pounds* but shall be under one hundred and twenty Pounds; one thirty-second Part of

such Income, if the fame shall amount to one hundred and twenty Pounds, but shall be under one hundred

and twenty-five Pounds; one thirtieth Part of such Income* if the fame shall amount to one hundred and

twenty-five Pounds, but shall be under one hundred and thirty Pounds; one twenty-eighth Part of such

Income, if the fame shall amount to one hundred and thirty Pounds, but shall be under 011c hundred and thirty-

five Pounds; one twenty-sixth Part of such Income, if the fame shall amount to or.e hundred and thirty-five

Pounds, but shall be under one hundred and forty Pounds; one twenty-fourth Part of such Income, if

the fame shall amount to one hundred and forty Pounds, but shall be under one hundred and forty-five

Pounds; one twenty-second Part of such Income, if the fame shall amount to one hundred and forty-five

Pounds, but shall be under one hundred and fifty Pounds: one twentieth Part of such Income, if the fame

shall amount to one hundred and fifty Pounds, but shall be under one hundred and fifty-five Pounds 5

one nineteenth Part of such Income, if the fame shall amount to one hundred and fifty-five Pounds, but

shall be under one hundred* and sixty Pounds; one eighteenth Part of such Income, if the fame shall

amount to one hundred and sixty Pounds, but shall be under one hundred and sixty-five Pounds; one

seventeenth Part of such Income, if the fame shall amount to one hundred and sixty-five Pounds, but shall

be under one hundred and seventy Pounds; one sixteenth Part of such Income, if»the fame shall amount

to one hundred and seventy Pounds, but shall be under one hundred and seventy-five Pounds; one fifteenth

Part of such Income, if the fame shall amount to one hundred and seventy-five rounds, but Qiall be under

one hundred and eighty Pounds ; one fourteenth Part of such Income* if the fame shall amount to one

hundred and eighty Pounds, but shall be under one hundred and eighty-five Pounds; one thirteenth Part

of such Income, if the fame shall amount to one hundred and eighty-five Pounds, but shall be under one

hundred and ninety Pounds; one twelfth Part of such Income, if the fame shall amount to one hundred

and ninety Pounds, but shall be under one hundred and ninety five Pounds; one eleventh Part of such

Income, if the lame shall amount to one hundred and ninety-nve Pounds, but shall be under two hundred

Pounds; and one tenth Part of such Income, if the fame shall amount to two hundred Pounds, or upwards 1

Which respective Rates shall be charged and assessed by Commissioners, to be chosen for that Purpose in the

Manner herein-after dire<9ed.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Person having a Child or Children born in Wedlock, and

maintained principally by such Person at his or her Expence, whether such Child or Children be the Child

or Children of him or her, or of his or her Wife or Husband by any former Marriage, shall be entitled to

the respective Abatements following; that is to say. Any Person whole Income is sixty Pounds a Year

or upwards, and under four hundred Pounds a Year, having such Child or Children, shall have an Abatr-

ment after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum for each such Child: Any Person whole income is four

hundred Pounds a Year or upwards, and under one thousand Pounds a Year, an Abatement after the

Rate of four Pounds per Centum for each such Child, where any of the Children are or is of an Age

exceeding six Years; and where all such Children are under the Age of six Years, then an Abatement

after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum for each such Child : Any Person having an Income of one

thousand Pounds a Year or upwards, and under five thousand Pounds a Year, an Abatement after the Race

of three Pounds per Centum for each such Child, where any of such Children are or is of an Age exceeding

six Years; and where all such Children are under that Age, then an Abatement alter the Kate of two

Pounds per Centum for each such Child : And all Persons having an Income of five thousand Poundsa Year

or upwards, an Abatement after the Rate of two Pounds per Centum for each such Child, where any of

such Children are or isof an Age exceeding six Years; ana where all such Children are under the Age of

six Years, then an Abatement after the Rate of one Pound per Centum for each such Child: Which

Abatements shall be allowed by the respective Commissioners for the Purpdfes of this A&, and for oearing;

and determining Appeals under this Act, upon Delivery of a Declaration Rating the Number of such Per-

son’s Children, and on Proof made, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, of the Truth of the

Matters contained in such Declaration; and the said Commissioners shall cause the said Abatements to be

deducted from the Amount of such Person’s Assessmentas the Cafe shall require,

and

lauctea rrom the nmount 01 tuen rerion s suieiimentas the v-

j per Cent, in like Maimer. [See form in Cap. 12. Schut, A* 1. Uo, 5.]

*3

IV. Pro-

