298

C. 28*

Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. . A.D. 1800,.

attaining 80 per

Cent. Scc.

and that their

cxduiive Privi-

lege of Banking

be confirmed.

Commissioners

of the Treasury

empowered to

make out Ex-

chequer Bills

for three mil-

lions, bt fore

April 5, 1800.

All the Provi-

foei, Penalties,

&«. contained

in the Malt

of this Session

'relating to Ex-

chequer Bills,

(except, &c.)

shall be applied

to the Exche-

quer Bills to be

4 Day of April one thousand eight hundred, in case the Price of the Three per Centum Consolidated An-

4 nuities shall be Eighty Pounds per Centum, or more, upon giving six Months’ Notice for that Purpofcta

the Lord High Treasurer, or to the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord HighTrea-

4 surer of Great Britain for the Time being, and upon such Repayment the said Governor and Company

4 shall dedu£l or allow a Discount to the Publick at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per An-

4 num on the Sum repaid for such Part of the said Term of six Years as shall then remain unexpired: and that in

4 Consideration of the said Act vance of three Millions in the Manner, for the Peiiod, and upon^heT'ermsabove-

4 mentioned, the said Governor and Company be continued a Corporation with the foie Power and Privilege

4 ofexclusive Banking, and all other the Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Immunities,

4 Exemptions, Privileges, Profits, Emoluments, Benefits, and Advantages, which they now have, possess, or

4 enjoy, by virtue or in pursuance of their Charter, or of any former Aitor Act of Parliament, or of any Em-

4 ployment by or on Behalf of the Publick, be granted and confirmed to the said Governor and Company, in

4 such Manner as is herein-after mentioned: Now, we your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the

4 Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise, with as much Ease and Advantage

4 as possible to your Subjects, the necessary Supplies, and to encourage the said Governor and Company to

4 advance the said Sum of three Millions, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it mav be enacted

and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament alTembled, and by the Authority

of the fame. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of h;s Majesty’s Treasury now

or for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, at any

Time or Times before the fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred, to cause or direct any Number

of Exchequer Bills to be made out for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum

of three Millions, in the fame or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the fame or like Rules

and Directions, as in and by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing

and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year

one thousand eight hundred, are enacted and prescribed concerning the Exchequer Bills to be made hi pur-

fuance of the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages,

Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in the said last-mentioned Act, relating to the Exchequer

Bills authorized to be made by the fame Act, (except such Claulbs as do Charge the fame on the Taxes

granted by the.fame Act, and such Clauses as limit or relate to the ascertaining the Rate of Interest to be

paid for the Forbearance of Money lent on the Credit of the said Act, and also except as herein-after men-

tioned,) shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act; as fully

and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame bad been originally authorized by the said last-men-

tioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the

Body of this Act.

made in pursuance of this A

No Interest pay-

able on Exche-

quer Bills.

Bills issued at

the Exchequer

not to be current

to any Collector

of the Customs,

See* for fix

Years.

Exchequer Bills

to be rc paid cut

of any iuppi.cs

tobt framed for

the Year 1806.

If sufficient

Supplies arc not

granted before

April 1 £g6,

the said Oil s

shall be cl r«ed

«n the Consoli-

daied Fund.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Interest whatsoever shall be payable upon or by virtue of the

Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act; and that the Whole thereof shall bear Date the

fifth Day of April one thousand tight hundrcJ, and be made payable on the fifth Day of April one thousand

eight hundred and six.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Exchequer Bill or Bills, to be made out by vir-

tue of this Act, shall, after the fame hath or have been issued at the Exchequer, be afterwards, at any Time

before the Expiration of Six Years from the Day of the Date of such Exchequer Bill, received or taken, or

pass or be current to any Receiver or Colledfor, in Great Britain, of the Customs, Excise, of any Reve-

nue, Supply, Aid, or Tax whatsoever, due or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or SuqceiJbrs, or at the Re-

ceipt of the Exchequer, from any such Receiver or Collector, or from any other Person or Persons, Bodies

Politick or Corporate; nor shall any such Receiver or Collector exchange, at any Time before the Expir-

ation of six Years from the Day of the Date of such Exchequer Bills, for any Money of such Revenues,

Aids, Taxes, or Supplies, in his Hands, any Exchequer Bill or Bills which shall have been issued as afore-

said by virtue of this Act; nor shall any Action be maintained against any such Receiver or Collector for

neglecting or refusing to exchange any such Bill or Bills for ready Money, before the fame (hgll have been

issued six Years from the Receipt of the Exchequer, according to the Date thereof; any Thing in the said

Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty

certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundredyQl

this Act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That all such Exchequer Bills, and all Charges incident to or attending

the fame, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid or borne by or out of

any of the Aids or Supplies which shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year one thousand

eight hundred and six; and in cale sufficient Aids or Supplies for that Purpose shall not be granted before the

fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and six, then all the said Exchequer Bills,with the Charges incident

to or attending the fame, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Monies, as at any Time or

Times at or after the said fifth Day of April out thousand eight hundred and six, shall be or remain in the Re-

ceipt of the Exchequer of the Consolidated F und,(except such Monies of the said Consolidated F und as shall then

be appropriated to any particular Use or Ufes by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and fuchMonie$

of the said Consolidated Fund shall and may be iilued and applied, as soon as the fame can be regularly dated

and ascertained, for and towards paying offi cancelling, and discharging such Exchequer Bills, and Charges,

until the Whole of them shall be paid oft', cancelled, and discharged, or Money sufficient for that rur-

8 pose

