THE

• k

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. tricesimo nono.

A

T the Parliament began and holden at JVcftminster\ the twelfth Day of July, Anno Domini one thou-

sand (even hundred and ninety-six, in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord

GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, De-

fender of the Faith, (Jfr.

4 And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the twentieth Day of November one thousand seven

c hundred and ninety-eight; being the third Session of the eighteenth Parliament of Great Britain.*

CAP. I.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Horatio Nel/on Lord Nel/on, and

the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Baron Nel/on of the Nile, and of Burn-

ham Thorpe in the County of Norfolk, shall descend, in Consideration of the eminent

Service performed by the said Horatio Nel/on Lord Nel/on, to His Majesty and the

Publick.—[17th December 1798.]

1 Most gracious Sovereign,

* IT THERE AS your Majesty, by your most gracious Message to your most faithful Commons, has

4 W been pleased to declare. That your Majesty having taken into your Royal Consideration the signal

4 and glorious Service perfotmed by Horatio Nel/on Lord Nelfonyone of the Rear Admirals of the Blue, off

4 the Mouth ofihe Nile, in an Engagement in the Month of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

4 eight, with a sup^rior French Fleet, not only in the highest Degree honourable to himself, but eminently

4 beneficial to your Majesty’s Kingdoms; yourTVIajesty was desirous to bestow some considerable and last-

4 ing Mark of your Royal Favour, as a Testimony of your Majesty’s Approbation of the said Service;

4 and for this rurpose to give and grant unto the said Horatio A^Tord Nel/on, and to the Two next

4 succeeding Heirs Male o? the Body of the said Horatio Nelson Lord Nel/on, to whom the Title of Baron

4 Nel/on of the Niley and of Burnham Thorpe in the County of Norfolk, (lull descend, for and during their

4 Lives, a nett Annuity of two thousand Pounds per Annum; but ytrnr Majesty, not having it inyodr rower

4 to grant an Annuity to that Amount, or to extend the Effect of the said Grant beyond the Term of your

4 Majesty’s own Life, recommended it to your faithful Commons, to consider of a proper Method of enabling

4 your Majesty to grant the fame, and of extending, securing, and settling, such Annuity to the said Horatio

4 Nelson Lord Nelson, and to the two next Persons on whom the Title of Baron Nel/on of the Nile, and of

4 Burnhatn Thorpe in the County of Nor/oik, shall descend, in such Manner as should be thought most

4 effectual for the Benefit of the said Horatio Nelson Lord Nel/on, and his Family : We, your Majesty’s

4 most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, duly considering

4 your Majesty’s most gracious Intention, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted ;

4 and be it enacted,’ idc.

4< A Life Annuity of 20001, per Ann. settled on Lord Nelson, and the two next succeeding Heirs Male of

* his Body on whom the Title shall descend, tocommence from. August 1, 1798. The first Payment

44 to be computed from OEiober 10, and then payable quarterly, § 1. The Annuity to be paid at the

44 Exchequer, without Fees, § 2. &c. [with all other Provisions as in 38 Geo. III. cc. 21, 22, in the Cafes

41 of Lord St. Vincent and Lord Duncan. ]”

CAP. II. , 1

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for

the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.-^f 17th December 1798.]

39 Geo. III. $ CAP.

