A.,D. 1800. Anno 39* & 40* Georgii III. C. 49, 50.

XL. And be it further tmafled, Thnt it shall be lawful for the Commissioners a£ling in the Execution of

any A<R or Acts relating to Duties upon Income, to hear and determine any Offence against the fame,

which subjetfts the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty, in like Manner in every Respect, and by all such

Powers and Authorities, Ways and Means, as any Justice of the Peace might have exercised and used in

pursuance or by virtue of the said Aifts or any of them; and every such Penaky that shall be adjudged by

such Commissioners in pursuance of any such A& or Acts pr this Ac!, against any Person who shall have

been or shall be liable to be assessed to the Duties granted by the said Acts, in respect of his or her In-

come, shall be added by such Commissioners to the AiTeffment of the Person who shall have forfeited the

fame, it such Penalty shall be forfeited within the Distric! within which the final Assessment upon such rer-

son shall have been or is to be made in pursuance cf this Act; or if such Penalty shall be forfeited

in any other District, then and in every such Cafe, the Commissioners by whom such Penalty shall be ad-

judged, shall certify the Conviction thereof to the Commissioners of the District by whom the final AlitlF-

ment upon such Person shall have been or is to be made, and such Commissioners shall forthwith add the

fame to the final Assessment upon such Person, and such Penalty shall be levied and collected therewith

and as Part of the said Assessment; subjeef nevertheless to such Distribution of the Penalty so levied, and to4

the like Costs as by the said Acts, or any of them, is or are direcded.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions of the said A 6b, or any of them, ex-

cept where the fame are expressly varied by this Act, shall, in the Execution of this Act, be severally ap-

plied and construed, in like Manner as if the said Provisions were severally and specially enacted in this

Act; and all and every the Provisions of this Act shall, in the Execution of the fair] recited Acts, be (eve-

rally applied and construed ip like Manner as if the fame Provisions severally formed a Part of the said Acts,

and were specially enacted therein.

XLII. And be it further enacted. That this Act, or any of the Provisions herein contained, may be

altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made ui this Session of Parliament.

CAP. L.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act: made in rhe Seventeenth Year oF the Reign

of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to amend and make more effectual the

Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons^ and to

Houjes of Correction. [20th June iSod.1

* T IT/HERE AS idle and disorderly Persons frequently assemble and aflbeiate th'emselves to suppott and

* VV aflifteach other in the Destruction of Game in the Night, and are, if interrupted, guilty of great

* Violence by (hooting, manning, and beating to the great Terror of his Majesty’s Subjects, and

< to the Encouragement of Idleness and Immorality : and such Practices are found by Experience to lead

* to the Commission of Crimes and Felonies For the Suppre(lion thereof, May it therefore please your

Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That if any Persons to the Number of two or more shall, af-

ter the pa fling of this Act, enter into or be found in any Forest, Chafe, Park, Wood, Plantation, Pad-

deck, Field, Meadow, or other open or inclosed Ground, in the Night, that is to say, between the Hours

of eight of the Clock at Night and fix in the Morning from the first Day of Oelder to the first Day of

February, or between the Hours of ten at Night and four in the Morning from the first Day of February

to the first Day of October in each and every Year, having any Gun, Net, Engine, or other Instrument

for the Purpose and with the Intent to destroy, take, or kill, or shall wilfully destroy, take, or kill, any Hare,

Pheasant, Partridge, Heath Fowl commonly called Black Game, or Groufc commonly called Red Game, or

any other Game; or if any Person or Persons shall be found with any Gun, Fire Arms, Bludgeon, or with

any other offensive Weapon, proteding, aiding, abetting, or assisting any such Persons as aforesaid; it

shall and may be lawful to and for the Ranger and Rangers, and to and for the Owner and Owners, Occupier

and Occupiers of any such Fortft, Chafe, Park, Wood, Plantation, Paddock, Field, Meadow, or other

open or inclosed Ground, and also for his, her, or their Keeper and Keepers, Servant and Servants, and

also for any other Person or Persons, to seize and apprehend, or to assist in seizing and apprehending such

Offender or Offenders, by virtue of this Act, and by the Authority of the same to convey and deliver such

Offender or Offenders into the Custody of a Peace Officer, who is hereby authorized and directed to

convey such Offender or Offenders before some one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County

or Place where such Offence shall be alleged to have been committed; or in case such Offender or Of-

fenders shall not be so apprehended, then it shall and may be lawful for any such Justice, on Information

before him on the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses, to issue his Warrant for the Apprehension of

such Offender or Offenders: and if, upon the Apprehension of any such Offender or Offenders, it shall ap-

pear to such Justice on the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses, that the Person or Persons so

charged hath or have been guilty of any or either of the said Offences, every such Person shall be deemed

and taken to be a Rogue and a Vagabond, within the true Intent and Meaning of an Act, made in the

seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, dn yfSI to amend and make more cf~

jJ'e?dual the Laws relating to Rogues and Vagabonds, and ether idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses ef

Ldtrrefiion, and shall fufrer such Pains and Punishments as arc directed to be inflicted by any Law or Sta-

X x z tute

;y

339

The Gonr.nuf-

sioners for exe-

cuting t'.irr In-

come A<5ts rmy

determine Of-

fences, subj til-

ing to pecuniary

Penalties as jus-

tices of the

Peace might,

and the Penalty

Hi all be ad fed

to the AfTclT-

inenf, and col-

lect d there-

with.

Recited Income

Atls, (except

where varied

by this) and thi*

A ft fh all l»e

con ft til'd to-

gether at, one

A ft

AO may be al-

tered or repealed

ibis Session.

Persons to ti e

Nu-nh< r of two '

or more inund

in any Foreit,

Sec. at the

Times herein

fptcified, hav-

ing any Gun or

Engine with In-

tent to kul or

take Game, or

Persons aiding

with ofttnkvc

Weakens, may

I c apprctu nd«.d,

and on Convic-

tion before a

Juitiic /hall he

d^tmec! Ko ues

ar d Vagabond*

within the

Meaning of

jy Geo. 1. c 5-

&c.

