A. P. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 23. 93

in the several Divisions of their respective Counties or Ridings, and in their several Places, cause the re-

foeftive Sums so appearing due, to be certified under their respective Hands, or the Hands of their respective

Deputies, to the several Clerks to the Commissioners for executing an Act of the last Session of Parliament,

intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Ahtles, and Dogs, and for

granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and the respective Clerks to such Commissioners shall

immediately proceed, upon the Receipt of such Certificate, to make out and proportion the respective Sums

to be added to each Person’s last Assessment of the said Duties on Horses in their respective Divisions and

Places, and all such Sums so certified shall, by force and virtue of such Certificate, be assessed by the respec-

tive Commissioners, in their several and respective Divisions, upon all and every the Persons liable to the

Duties upon Horses, in like Manner in every Respect, and according to the same Rules and Directions, as

are mentioned in the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the Regulation of the Provisional Force of

Cavalry; and every such Clerk who shall not, within one Month after the Receipt of such Certificate, make

out an Account of the due Proportion of each Person’s Assessments, in Manner herein-before and in the

said Act directed, {hall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered

and applied as any Penalties may be recovered and applied under the said first recited Acts.

shall have made,

up their Ac-

counts, shall

certify the Sums

due to the

Clerks of the

Commissioners-

for executing

38 Geo. 3. c.

41. who shall

proportion the

Sum to be

added to each

Performs last

Assessmene of

the Duties on

Horses.

Penalty of 2c!.

Cl^rLf for M.-crl/OK

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in every Cafe where the Deputy Lieutenants of any County or

Riding shall, at any General Meeting of Lieutenancy, have made any Order, or granted any Certificate for

the Payment, by any Receiver General, of any Money under any of the said Acts, without distinguishing in

such Order or Certificate, the Proportions of the Sums to be assessed in each Division of such County or

Riding for the Re-payment to the said Receiv er General of the Money to be advanced upon such Order or

Certificate, and such Receiver General {ball thereupon have advanced such Sum of Money, that then, and

in every such Cale, it {hall be lawful for such Receiver General, and he is hereby required, to apportion such

Sum of Money among the several Divisions of such County or Riding, in Proportion to the Number jof

Men raised for the Provisional Cavalry in each of such Divisions, as near as the fame can he done, and

thereupon to cause the respective Sums of Money, that appear upon such Apportionment to be the respec-

tive Proportions of each Division as aforesaid, to be certified under his Hand, or the Hand of his Deputy,

to the several Clerks to the Commissioners aforesaid, of the several Divisions of such County or Riding,

in their respective Divisions; and the said respective Sums of Money so certified by such Receiver

General as aforesaid, {hall be thereupon immediately apportioned by such respective Clerks, and assess'ed,

raised, levied, and collected in the respective Divisions, in like Manner in every Respect, arid according to

the same Rules^and Regulations, and under the like Penalties, as are herein-before directed in other Cafes of

Money certified by such Receiver General for the Purpose of being assessed as aforesaid.

Where Deputy

Lieutenants

hn\e made an

Order for Pay-

ment cf Money

by any Re-

ceiver General,

without ciilt.n-

guishing the

Sums to be af-

sessed in each.

Division, the

Receiver Gene-

ra! shall appor-

tion the fame in

Proportion to

the Number of

Men raised, and

certify the fame

to the Clerks

to the Com-

missioners of the Divisions, who shall apportion thefamt

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Assessments made before the passing of

this Act upon the several Persons liable to the Duties upon Horses in their respective Divisions, shall be,

and are hereby declared to be respectively valid Assessments, notwithstanding that any of such Assess'ments

• shall not have been added to each Person’s last Assessment of the said Duties on Horses, in such respective

Division, in the Manner directed by the said recited Acts, but shall have been made separate and distinct

therefrom $ and it {hall be lawful in every such Cafe for the said respective Commiflicners in every such

Division, to cause such Assessment to be collected and levied separate and distinct from the other Assessment

of the Duties on Horses or Persons in such Division, and they are hereby respectively authorized to cause such

Assessments to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Party assessed, and for that Purpose to issue

Warrants for the levying thereof in such and the like Manner, and to proceed therein by all such YVaysand

Means, and under such Powers, as they may lawfully do in the levying any Assessrnent of the Duties upon

Horses under any Act or Acts relating to such last mentioned Assessments.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the respective Commissioners of Land Tax

and other tjhe Duties before mentioned, shall neglect or refuse to perform the several Duties required of them

under this Act, or any of them, or shall neglect or refuse to issue any Warrant of Distress for the levying of

any Sum of Money contained in any such Assessment as aforesaid, made upon any Person within the

Division of such Commissioners respectively, so neglecting or refuting as aforesaid, that then, and in every

such Cafe, it shall be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace of the County or Riding where such Default

shall be made, upon Complaint being exhibited to them of such Omission and Neglect by the Receiver

General of such County or Riding, or his Deputy, or by any Inspector or Surveyor of the said Duties,

or by the Collector appointed to col left the fame, and such Justices are hereby required to execute the

several Duties,Matters, and Things, omitted or neglectedto be done by such Commissioners, and on Proof

thereof, on the Oath or Affirmation of any credible Witness or Witnesses* to issue their Warrant for the

levying such Assessment as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Party assessed j and such Juf-

tices are hereby authorized and required to act in all Matters and Things relating thereto, and carry this

Act into Execution in all Matters relating thereto, in as full and ample a Manner, and with such and the

like Powers and Authorities, as such Commissioners ought to and might have done.

XIX. And be it further enacted. That all such Sums of Money as shall have been or shall be advanced

by the respective Receivers General in pursuance of the said Acts, and shall not have been or shall not be

assessed by any Assessment within the Year ending on the fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred,

shall be afleffea and raised, levied and paid, in the respective Divisions in or for which the fame Monies shall

have been or {hall be advanced, upon the fame Persons respectively, who by any Assessment to be made of

the

A fle Aments

made prior to

this AO on

Persons liable

to the Duties on

Hoiies, shall be

valid, though

not added to

the Ja(t Arftir-

ment, and m.iy

he collected

separately.

If the respec-

tive Conrnnif-

fio:iers of Land

Tax, &c. ne-

ghO to perform ,

their Duty, two

Justices may

perform it.

If Money ad-

vanced by ike

Receiver G«.ne-

r.d shall not be

a lit lied within

the Year tr.d-

dig Apiil 5,

