A.D. 1799. * Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. (7. Ixxxitk

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to incorporate by Charter a Company to be called Wr

Globe Insurance Company, for Insurance on Lives, and against Loss or Damage by Fire,

and for other Purposes therein mentioned.—[12th July 1799.]

WHEREAS it hath been Considersd that it would in many Respects be greatly advantageous to the

Publick, if a Corporation were established for making or effecting Jniurances on Lives, and In-

furances against Loss or Damage by Fire, and for granting, purchasing, or felling Annuities for Lives, or

on Survivorftiip, and for granting Sums of Money payable at future Periods, within the Kingdom of

Great Britain or Ireland, and any other Parts abroad ; and for receiving Depofus of the Funds belonging

to, and acting as Treasurers thereof, for Benefit or Friendly Societies, and other charitable and benevolent

Institutions ; and alfci for making Provisions for the Widows and Children of the Clergy, and for Clergy-

men, and for the receiving Deposits from or on Account of the Members of the industrious Clafies of So-

ciety, and others, upon such Terms, and in such Manner, as should be agreed upon between the said Cor*

poration, and the Persons or Societies treating with'the fame Corporation, for the Purposes a fore fa id ;* be

therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

of the fame. That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by Charter or Indenture under the

Great Seal of Great Britain, to declare and grant, that such and so many Persons as shall be named therein,

and all and every such other Persons and Person, as from Time to Time shall be duly admitted Members

into their Corporation, shall be one distinct and separate Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of The

Globe Insurance Company.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his

Majesty, in and by the said Charter or Indenture, to declare that the said Corporation, so to be created and

■established, shall and may make or effect Insurances on the Life or Lives of any Person or Persons whomso-

ever, or on Houses, Warehouses, Chambers, or other Edifices or Buildings Goods, Wares, or Merchan-

dizes, Ships, Vessels, Barges, and other Craft, with their Cargoes, in Port or uled on Navigable Canals,

Farming Stock, and all other Property, against Loss or Damage by Fire, in all Parts and Places whatsoever,

-either within the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Irelandt or elsewhere Abroad, whether within his Ma-

jesty’s Dominions or not; and alfoftlall and may grant, purchase, and fell Annuities for Lives, or on Sur-

vivorship, and grant Sums of Money payable at future Periods within the Kingdom of Great Britain or

Ireland, and any other Parts abroad, whether within his Majesty's Dominions or not j and shall and may re-

ceive Deposits of Funds of Tontine Societies, and other Institutions, established for granting future Advan-

tages, and Deposits of Funds belonging to, and aft as Treasurer thereof for. Benefit or Friendly Societies,

and other charitable and benevolent Institutions; and make Provision for the Widows and Children of the

Clergy, and for Clergymen, and receive Deposits from or on account of Members of the Industrious

Gasses of Society, and others; and to make Provision for Members of the industrious Clafies of So-

ciety, and others, by allowing Interest on such Deposits made, or otherwise, upon such Terms and Con-

ditions, and in such Manner as shall or may be agreed upon between the said Corporation so to be created

and established, and the Persons and Societies treating with the said Corporation, for the Purposes herein-

before mentioned.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That all such Deposits made by Individuals, shall not be

payable by the said Corporation at a less Period than six Calendar Months from the Time such Deposits shall

have been made.

u The Company by the said Charter to have perpetual SuccefTion; to choose its own Directors; to use a

%i Common Seal; to purchase, take, and hold Lands, §4.”

V. And be it further enacted, That in the said Charter or Indenture it shall be provided, that the said

Corporation, so to be created and established as aforesaid, shall be obliged from Time to l ime, during its

Continuance, to cause such a Stock of ready Money, or such Share or Shares of the Parliamentary Stocks or

Publick Funds of Great Britain, to be provided and reserved, and to be immediately subject to the Dispo-

fition of the said Corporation, as shall be sufficient to answer all the just Demands upon them on Account

of the said Policies of Afiiirance, and any Deeds, Contrafts, or Engagements, to be made or executed, or

entered into by the said Corporation; and that the said Corporation shall satisfy, nay, and discharge the fame

Demands from Time to Time according to the 7'enor of the said Policies of Assurance, Deeds, Contracts,

and Engagements, and the true Meaning of this Act, and the Charter so to be granted as aforesaid ; and in

case of Refusal or Neglect to answer the said Demand, the Person or Persons, Society or Societies, whose

Claim or Demand shall be so neglected or refused, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Affgns,

may, during the Existence of such Claims or Demands, respectively bring his, her, or their Action of Debt*

or on the Cafe, by Bill, Suit, or Information, for the Money demanded, against the said Corporation re*

fusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, in any of his Majesty’s Courts- of Record at IVc/lminster or else-

where, wherein noEfioign, Protection, Wager of Law’, or more than one Imparlance shall be granted or

allowed) and that in fitch Action, Bill, Suit, or Information, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs may declare that

the fame Corporation is indebted to him, her, or them, in the Money so demanded, and have not paid

the(ame» and thereupon the Plaintiff or Plainiiffe (lull recover against the said Corporation single Da-

mages and full Costs of Suit, and the Stock and Effects of the said Corporation shall be also subject and liable

thereto,

5 VI. And

*6t

Advances of n

new intended

Insurance Of-

fice.

•V

His Majesty

enabled to grant

a Charter to The

Globe insurance

Office.

Corporation

empowered to

grantlnfurahcet

on Lives, and

on Houses,

Buildings,

Ships, and other

Property.

Deposits not

payable at a left

Period than fix

Months.

Provision to be

made in the

Charter Unr the

Corporation

frnl! be obliged

to provide fuf-

fLicni Fun is to

answer nil just

Demands on

th^.n by private

Persons or

Societies.

