A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo non© Georgii III. C.34, 35. 97

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said recited Act AS Geo*

passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the taking, killing, destroying, rclaus to*

tifing, or having any Partridge, between the twelfth Day of February and the first Day of September, in any uking, &c.

Year, shall be, and the lame is hereby declared to be repealed. Partridges between Feb. tt, and Sept. 1, repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons shall, *crfons *ak,nS*

on any Pretence whatsoever, take, kill, destroy, carry, fell, buy, or have, in his, her, or their Possession or tr*j between

Use, any Partridge within the Kingdom of Great Britain, between the first Day of February and the first Fehb lf ;m;j

Day of September, in any Year; and if any Person or Persons shall transgrds this Act in the Cafe aforesaid, Sq*. i, liable

every such Person shall be liable to the fame Penalty as, by the said Act of the second Year of the Reign of his to Knaitfei of

present Majesty, is laid and imposed on any Person or Persons transgreffing the fame; such Penalty to be Gt0,

imposed, inflicted, recovered, applied, and disposed of, in such and the same Manner, and under such and

the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as in and by the said Act is provided and directed with respect

to the Penalty thereby imposed on Persons transgreffing the said Act.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for exempting, during the present War, Persons serving in Volunteer Corps 14]

and Associations, from being ballotted for the Militia, under certain Conditions.

[10th May 1799.]

c IT / HEREAS it will tend to the further Proteflion, and to the internal Security of this Kingdom, if

every Person, serving in Volunteer Corps, or in Associations for the Defence of particular Cities,

Towns, or Places, and for maintaining publick Tranquillity and good Order, within the same, was to be

€ exempted from serving personally, or providing a Substitute, in the Militia, to be raised by virtue of two 1.

€ Acts, made in the twenty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty be it the#e- c. 107/

fore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords 37 Geo. j. c,*

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the Perfom enroll*

Cwne, That every Person enrolled, or to be enrolled, and serving in any Volunteer Corps, or in any Corps in Vohroteer

or Body of Men afiociated for the Defence of any City, Town, or Place, and for maintaining publick CorP* °T

Tranquillity and good Order within the same, whether of Infantry or Cavalry, which now arc or mall be

raised in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament, shall be exempt from being liable to serve per- provide a SuL

fonalty, or to provide a Substitute, in the Militia, authorized to be raised by the said Acts, or either of nitute in the

them. Militia.

il., And be it further enacted, That the Names of all Persons now enrolled and serving in any such Corps The Name#®*

or Association, shall be entered on a Muster Roll, a Copy of which (hfdl be transmitted to the Lieute- Volunteers now

nantof the County on or before the fifteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine,

signed by the Commanding Officer of the Corps or Company to which such Persons shall belong 5 and that Murtcr Roll,

Monthly Returns, specifying the Enrolment of all such Persons as may, after the passing of this Act, be enr and rrjnfmtcted

rolled in any such Corps or Association, shall be, in like Manner, transmitted by the Commanding Officer to the County

thereof to such Lieutenant, or to some Person appointed by him to receive the same; and that all such Muster Lieutenant, by

Rolfs and Returns shall be certified by such Lieutenant, or other Person as aforesaid, to the Clerk of JJyMonthly9*

the General Meetings of the Lieutenancy, within ten Days after they shall have been so transmitted; and Rctumsof Per-

the said Clerk of the General Meeting is hereby required forthwith to transmit Copies thereof to the several Tons enrolled

Subdivision Meetings holden for the Purpose of hearing Appeals against the Militia Lift returned from each lf"r >!>? padfog

Panto. -of this Act, to

be transmitted,

In like Manner, and certified by the Lieutenant to the Clerk of the General Meeting, who shall fend Copies to the Subdivision Meetings for hearing

Appeals.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That fireOi Muster Rolls shall, in the present and every

future Year, be transmitted in the like Manner to the Lieutenant of the County, or other Person authorized as

aforesaid tQ receive the same, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of December, and shall be certified by

him to the Clerk of the General Meeting thereof by the fifth Day of January following, in the Mjanner aid

for the Purposes herein-before mentioned; and that the Commanding Officer so transmittingthe farrie,

shall annex thereto a Certificate signed by himself, certify ing that he has nor, to the bfeft of his jynowledge

and Belief, infcrtecf in the said Muster Roll the Name of any Person who his not, (tnce ttye Date of the

passing of this Act, (or since the Date of his Enrolment, if the fame shall have} been p^fterioij to the pafing

of this Act,) duly attended at the Exercise of the Corps or Association, unless prevented by Sickness, ;>r

by such other sufficient Reason as shall have been duly allowed by the'Commaiiding Officer; land|no Person

Matter Rolls

shall be tra.if-

roitted yearly on

or btfcrcDec/s^

to (lie County

Liemen;.rt$,

and certified by

them to the

Clerks of the

General Meet*

inf);, ana the

Coinmaqding

fKall at any Time be entitled to claim such Exemption as aforesaid, unless his Name (htll be fount) either (in °%ep *ball an-

the last Muster Rolls which shall have been so transmitted and certified as aforesaid, or cjn fomcj Me nthly Rt^Verfona

tum which shall be posterior thereto* 1; infehed in the Rj llhave duly attuned Ffcercifc.

IV And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be entitled to claim such Exemption as aforesaid by No person shall

reason of his Enrolment and Service in any Corps of Volunteers, or in any Association, unless the Com- be entitled toEv

manding Officer thereof shall, at the Times of transinitting the Muster Rolls of such Corps or Aifociation th^c^mand!

in Manner aforesaid, certify at ibe Foot thereof that such Corps or Association has been inspected at least ing omurcer-

39 Geo. 111. O once

