A. D. 1800.

308

Persons herein

named, and ad*

ded to the for--

mer Commis-

<toners,*lhdl put

the recited A&

oT 39 & 40 Geo.

3, c. 3. m

execution.

55 Geo* 5. c. 49*

J4 Cto. j.«. 31.

PerCons inrolled

and terving in

any Volunteer

Corps, indem-

nified for using

Hair Powdey

without a Cer-

tificate, until

April 5, 1800,

.•accept where

Judgment shall

Oave been given

before March 1,

a fc>o.

After April 5,

i8co, such Per-

son* shall not be

chareed with

the Duty if the

Corps to which

they belong be

within the Pror

vihona of 39 ,

Geo. 3. c 35,

and if they

comp’y wuh

the Regulations

therein required

to entitle itum

C. 31, 32; Anno 39* & 40* Georgii III.

ihercfore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Ma-

jesty,by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled. and by the Authority of the same, That the several and respective Persons

hereinafter named shall ana may, and are nereby empowered to put in Execution the fakl recited Act

passed in this Session of Parliament, and a!! the Ciaufes, Powers, Matters, and Things whatsoever therein

contained, as Commissioners, in and for the fever a) and respective Counties and Places of Great Britain

hereinafter severally and respectively mentioned and expressed, as if they had been named with the other

Commissioners in the said Acts; the f.tid Persons being nevertheless subject and liable to such and the fame

Qualifications, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are in the said Land Tax Act of the thirty eighth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty appointed and required with respect to the Commiflicmers therein

named.

[Then follows the Lj/I of Names]

CAP, XXXII.

An Act for indemnifying Persons serving in Volunteer Corps, who have omitted to takeout

Certificates for wearing Hair Powder ; and to amend so much of an Act, made in the

thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting t*

His Majesty a Duly on Certificates tjfued for using Hair Powder, as relates to the exempt-

ing Persons serving in Volunteer C6rps, and certain Officers in his Maj fly’s Navy fer-

ving on the Establishment of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, from thf said Duty ; and

for obliging Persons claiming to be exempt from the Duties on Horses provided and

fornished for Volunteer Corps to deliver Certificates thereof to the proper Officers.

[24th April 1800.]

% XI7HEftJEAS by an Act, passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

4 VV An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued for using Hair Powder; it was

c amongst other Things enacted, That nothing in the said Act contained should extend, or be construed

• to extend, to charge with the Duty thereby imposed any Officer or Private Man in any Corps of Yeo-

• manry or Volunteers, either Cavalry or Infantry, raised by virtue of an Act passed in the thirty-fourth

4 Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for encouraging and disciplining such Corps or

€ Companies of Men, as shall voluntarily inroll themselves for the Defence of their Counties, Towns, or Coafisr

4 or for the General Defines of the Kingdom, during the present War: And whereas Doubts have arisen on

1 the said first recited Act with respect to many Officers and Private Men in such Corps as to such Ex-

4 emption: And whereas many*Officers and Private Men in such Corps using Hair Powder, have, through

4 Ignorance, and conceiving themselves to be exempt from the said Duty, omitted to make such EntneS1

4 and obtain such Certificates as are required by the said first recited Act, whereby they are or may be-

4 come liable to the Penalty contained therein j for Remedy whereof, May it please your Majesty that

4 it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same. That every Person inrolled and serving in any Volunteer Corps, or in any

Corps or Body of Men associated for the Defence of any City, Town, or Place, and for maintaining

Publick Tranquillity and good Order within the same, whether of Cavalry or Infantry, and using Hair

owder, who shall have omitted to obtain a Certificate for that Purpose, as required by the said recited

Act of the thirty fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, shall be, and is hereby indemnified, freed, and

discharged, from and against all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reason of

having used or worn Hair Powder, or for or by reason of wearing or using Hair Powder, until and upon

the filth Day of April one thousand eight hundred, without having obtained a Certificate for that Purpose,

in pursuance of and according to the Directions of the said first-recited Act.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be

construed to extend, to indemnify any Person against whom any final Judgment or Sentence shall have beeit

given in any Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, or by any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, before

the first Day of March one thousand eight hundred, for any Penalty or Forfeiture for any such Omissionor

Negleftas aforesaid.

111. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred,

nothing in the said recited Act of the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign contained, shall ex-

tend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the Duty thereby imposed, any Person inrolled or to be

inrolled, and actually serving in any Volunteer Corps, or in any Corps or Body of Men associated for

the Defence of any City, Town, or Place, and for maintaining Publick Tranquillity and good Order

within the same, whether of Infantry or Cavalry, which now are or shall hereafter be raffed ; provided that

such Corps or Body of Men shall be within the Provisions of an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled* AhMil for exempting, during the present War, Persons serving

in Volunteer Corps and Associations from being balloted for the Militia, under certain Conditions ; and that the

Commanding Officer of such Corps or Body of Men, and the Person claiming to be discharged of and

from the said Duty upon Hair Powder Certificates in pursuance of this Act, shall have respectively com-

plied with and conformed to the several Provisions and Regulations contained in the said Act of the

6 thiityl

