. A.D. X79.9. Anno, tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 30, 31, 358. 95

CAP. XXX.

An Act to enable His Majesty to settle on Her Royal Higftnefsthe Princess Amelia, Part of the Annuity of

thirty thousand Pounds per Annum, which His Majesty was enabled to settle on their Royal Highneffcs

His Majesty’S other Daughters, out of the Hereditary Kevenues, by virtue of an Act passed in the eigh-

teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.—[21ft March 1799-]

18 Geo. III.. Cap. 31. recited, whereby his Majesty was enabled to settle on the five Princesses Charlotte,

44 Augusta, Elizabeth^ Mary, and Sophia, an Annuity of to,000l. with a Proviso,that on the Marriage of any

44 one (with a Portion of {0,000l.) the whole Annuity mould accrue to the other Princesses. The Princess

44 Royal having married, his Majesty is by this Act empowered to settle on the five Princesses, Augufia, Eliza

44 beth% Mary, Sophia, and Arnelia, instead of the Annuity mentioned in the recited Act, an Ahnuity of 30,000 /.

€* to commence from the Demise of his Majesty, and to (^payable out of such Part of the Hereditary Reve-

44 nues of the Crown, as by 27 Geo. III. c. it. were made Part of the Consolidated Fund. § 1. Uponthe

44 Marriage (with a Portion of 40,000l.) or Death of one or two of the (kid Princesses, the whole Annuity to

44 accrue to the other four or three Princesses. If a third Princess dies or marries, the Annuity of 30,000l.

44 to cease, and an Annuity of 20,000l. to accrue to the two remaining Princesses: and on the Death or Mar-

44 riage of either of them, the remaining Princess tohave an Annuity of 12,000 /. and no more, determin-

44 able by her Death or Marriage. § 2. This Act not to obstrud the Payment of any Money heretofore

44 charged on the Hereditary Revenues. § 3. Annuities to be paid, without Fee, at the Exchequer, or by the

44 Commissioners, &c. of the Revenues on which they are changed, and the Receipts of the Princesses, &c.

44 shall be sufficient Discharges. § 4. Annuities to be Tax-free. In case the Officer of the Receipt of the

44 Exchequer, &c. shall neglect to pay the Annuities on Demand, they, or their Securities, may be sued for

44 the fame. § 4. All the Powers, &c. to be contained in his Majesty's Letters Patent securing Payment of

44 the Annuities, shall be effectual in Law. § 5. General Saving. § 6.”

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to continue, until the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and amend an

Ad, passed in the last Session of Parliament, Chapter Ninety-two, videlicet, on the twenty-ninth Day of

2urn one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on

iftillerks in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, for a limited Time, and for regulating the

Duties on Distilleries in the respective Di It rids in Scotland and for granting to His Majesty certain ad-

ditional Duties onSpirits distilled for Con(uinption, and a Duty on unmalted Grain used in Distillatien in

Scotland.—[ 1 oth April 1799-]

44 $$Geo.lll. Cap. 02. recited. Reei ted Ad, and the Duties thereby imposed,fexcept the further Duty upon

44 Briujh Spirits in Stock,) further continued until July 10, 1709. §1. [to November 10, 1800. See pofi.

44 c. 78 ] Licences for distilHng in the Lowlands, and for rectifying in any Part of Scotland, which were to

44 continue inforce till April 10, to be further continued till July 10,1799, subject to the feme Rate of Duty,

44 which is to be paid in Advance by twoinstalments. $ 2. [See c. 78. § 2, 3.] Licences for Stills in the

44 Highlands within the Limits specified in 33 Geo.Wl. Cap. 61. and 33 Geo. \\LCap. 102. which were tocon-

44 tinue in force till April 10, to be further continued till July 10, 1799, uP?n Payment of the Duties imposed by

*4 the latter Ad. [See c. 78. §4.) Such Licence Duties to beheld the Duties on certain Quantities of Spirits

44 manufactured, and 3 s. per Gallon to be paid for the Surplus. §3. On giving previous Notice, Licences

44 may be, vacated. §4. [See c. 78, §5.] Ad may be altered or repealed this Session. § 5*” [See c. 78.J

CAP. XXXII.

Ao A& to permit Ships to fail from certain Ports of the Island of Newfoundland, and from

the Coast of Labrador, without Convoy.—£,ioth April 1799.]

WHEREAS it is expedient for the Benefit of the Trade of the Island of Newfoundland and of the

Coast of Labrador, and the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on from thence, that Ships

and Vessels should, in some Cafes, be permitted to fail and depart from the said Island of Newfoundland and

4 Coast of Labrador, without being under the Protection of Convoybe it therefore enacted by the King's

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the feme. That, from and after Vessels laden

the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Ship or Vessel employed in the Newfoundland

Fishery, being wholly laden with Fish or other Produce of the said Fishery, or with Articles of the Growth Cr Articles 1

or Produce of the said Island of Newfoundland or Coast of Labrador^ to fail or depart from any Port or the Growth or

Place within the said Island, or on the said Coast, (except as herein-after is provided,) without being accom- Produceof

panied with or being under the Protection of Convoy, or without a Licence having been obtained, autho- Newfoundland

fixing such Ship or Vessel so t\$ fail or depart; any Thing in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parlia- foil with

ment, for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes, to the contrary nt>t- cut Convoy

witkttauding, Licence not-

withstanding 38 Geo. 3. c. 76. § x.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed

tmestcad, to permit or allow any Ship or Vessel to fail or depart from the Port of St. John's, in the said

Island

Vessels not to

fail from the

Port of St.

