302 C* 29.

Anno 39° & 40* Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

c A P. XXIX.

An Act for granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Wheaten Flour, and Rice,

Ojti imported j until the fii ft Day of October one thousand eight hundred. [4th April 1800.]

end c» 53. an

Rye.—See aijo e. 91. prohibitive the Exportation of Rice.]

Certain Boun-

ties granted on

Wheat, Wheat*

tn Flour, and

Rice, imported

before Oft. 1,

jSoo.

Bounty on

Wheat and

Flour, to be

pa'.rf acco-ding

to the Average

Price of Wheat,

* \ X WHEREAS it is expedient that Encouragement should be given, for a limited Time, to the Import-

4 VV ation into this Kingdom of Wheat and Wheaten Flour, from the Countries in the Mediterranean

4 and America ; and of Wheat from any of the Ports of the Baltic, and from any of the Ports of German)t,

4 and any Ports North of the Texet, and from the Port of Archangel; and also for the Importation into this

4 Kingdom oiRice: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enabled ;’ and be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, ly and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after

the passing of this Act, the several Articles herein-after mentioned, imported or brought into this Kingdom

in British Ships or Vessels, or in Ships or Vessels belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity

with his Majesty, however the fame may be navigated, there shall be paid and allowed the following Boun-

ties ; (that is to say), If the Average Price of Wheat in all England, ascertained and published in the Lon-

don Gazette under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament, shall be less than ninety Shillings per

Quarter, a Bounty equal to the Difference of such Average Price and such Rate of ninety Shillings (nail

be paid on every Quarter of Wheat which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain before the first

Day of October one thousand eight hundred, from any Port of Europe South of Cape Finisterre, or from any

Port in the Mediterranean or in Africa, or from any of his Majesty’s Colonies in America, or the United

States^, and that whenever the Average Price of Wheat, ascertained and published as aforesaid, shall be Jess

than eighty-five Shillings per Quarter, there shall be given on every Quarter of Wheat which shall beim-

Ported into Great Britain from any of the Ports of the Baltic, or from any of the Ports of Germany, oraay

orts North of the Texel, before the first Day of October one thousand eight hundred, a Bounty equal to

the Difference between such Average Price in the London Gazette, and such Rate of eighty-five Shillings; and

that whenever the Average Price of Wheat, ascertained and published as aforesaid, shall be less than ninety

Shillings per Quarter, there shall be given, on every Quarter of Wheat which shall be imported into Great

Britain from the Port of Archangel before the first Day of Otlober one thousand eight hundred, a Bounty

equal to the Difference between such Average Price in the London Gazette and such Rate of ninety Shil-

lings ; and that whenever the Average Price of Wheat, ascertained and published as aforesaid, shall be less

than one hundred Shillings per Quarter, a Bounty equal to the Difference between such Average Price and

such Rate of one hundred Shillings, shall be paid on every Sack of fine Wheaten Flour of the Weight of

two hundred and eighty Pounds Avoirdupois, and fb in proportion for any greater or less Quantity, accord-

ing to the Weight thereof, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain before the said first Day

of October from any of his Majesty’s Colonies in America, or from the United States ; and for every such

Sack of fine Wheaten Flour which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain from any other Coun-

try than his Majesty’s said Colonies and the said United States, there shall be paid a Bounty equal to four-

fifths of the Bounty which would have been payable by this Act on a Quarter of Wheat; imported at such

Time, from every such Country respectively, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity, accord-

ing to the Weight thereof; and whenever the Current Price of Rice imported into this Kingdom, to be af-

eertained by the Prices in the London Market, shall be less than one Pound fifteen Shillings per hundred ‘

Weight, a Bounty equal to the Difference between such Current Price and of one Pound fifteen Shillings

per hundred Weight, on every one hundred Weight of Rice which shall be imported or brought into Great

Britain before the first Day of October one thousand eight hundred.

II. 4 And, in order that the Bounty shall be governed as near as may be by the Average Price of Wheat

4 at the Time of Importation,* be it enacted, That such Bounty shall be paid upon such Wheat and Flour

respectively, according to the Average Price of Wheat in England and Wales, so ascertained and published

in the London Gazette in the second Week after such Wheat and Flour shall have been imported.

published in the Gazette the second Week after its Importation.

Importers of

Rice within

London and the

Fills of Motta-

I.ty, luyin^or

Idling any, shall

return to the

Clcik ro the

Grocers Com-

pany, a like

Account as is

required with

idpect to Su-

gar, by 31010.3.

e. 43. who shall

cause the* Ave-

rse Price to be-

lli. * And, in order that the Average Prices of Rice in the London Market may be ascertained for the

4 Purpofts of this Act,’ be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Atft, every Importer

of Rice within the City of London or the Bills of Mortality, who shall, from and after the passing of thisA£l,by

himself or his Sworn Broker, or any other Agent, buy or fell any Rice, shall return or causetobe returned

to the Clerk to the Grocers Company, such and the like Account in every Refpebt as is required to be re-

turned with respebt to Sugar by an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled. An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation

of Sugar, and for permitting the Impoi tation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in

Foreign Ships ‘ and the Clerk to the Grocers’ Company shall ascertain the Average Price in the London

Market, of all the Rice so bought and sold as aforesaid during the Continuance of this Act, and shall cause

the fame to be published in the London Gazette in like Manner in every Rcfpebl as is directed byandaccord*

ing to such and the like Regulations as are contained in the said recited Act; and all the Clauses,

Provisions, Powers, Penalties,Forfeitures, Matters, and Things whatsoever in the said recited Act contained,

relating

