470

The Submission

to Arbitration

and the Award,

may be on un«

stamptd Paper,

in the Form in ti

Each Party to

have a Copy of

tin; Submission.

It an Arbitra-

tion tyc demand-

ed, and thcMjb-

niflion fipned

and an Arbitfi*

for named by

cither Party, and

tho other shall

refuse to sign

the §ubmission‘

and appoint his

Arbitrator, he

shall, on Con-

vidtion, forfeit

»iol. one Moiety

to his Majesty

and the oth-. r to

the Poor of the

Panlh, winch

may he levied by

Pi lire fs, or in

Default, the Of-

fender may be

committed for

three Months,

xx not let's than

two.

Jf either Party

shall not per-

form what is di-

- reded by the

Award, he may

be committed till

Performance, h

. appoint Periods t

Appeal may be

made to tire Ge-

neral Sessions,

or General

Quarter St (Rons

whose Decifioft

dhall be finals

A& not to re-

peal recited

AO a* to any

Offence com-

mitted, or any

Penalty^in-

C. jo6. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

-by Indorsementon the Back of such Submission, to be signed by both’of them in the Presence of one or more

credible Witness or Witnesses j any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise not*

withstanding.

XX. Provider! also, and be it further enacted, That the Submission to fitch Arbitration, and the Award

or Umpirage to be made thereon, shall and may be drawn up, and written at the Foot of such Submission,

upon undamped Papei^ in the respective Forms or to the Effect set forth in the second Schedule to this Act;

any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary thereof in artywife notwithstanding.

lie ftcond Schedule.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That there shall, in all Cafes, be written or engrofledtwo

Parts of the Submission to Arbitration, one for each of the Parties subscribing the fame.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Cafe of Dispute or Difference

between any such Mailers and Workmen in such Trade or Manufacture as aforesaid, if an Arbitration shall

be demanded, and the Submission thereto signed, and an Arbitrator therein named by either of the said

Parties, and the othet* or others of them shall refuse or neglect to sign the said Submission, and appoint his or

their Arbitrator within the Time herein-before limited for that Purpose, the Party or Parties so neglecting,

or refuting to sign the said Submission, or to appoint his or their Arbitrator as aforesaid, shall each and

every of them, if more than one, on Conviction of every such Offence before two or more of his Majesty's

Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, or Place where such Offence shall

have been committed, forfeit and lose the Sum of ten Pounds, one Moiety to his Majesty, and the other

Moiety to the Poor of the Parish wherein such Offence shall be committed; and in case any such Forfeit-

ure or Penalty shall not be forthwith paid pursuant to such Conviction, such Justices shall, by Warrant

under their Hands, cause the fame to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chat-

tels, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and in case no sufficient

Distress can be had, such Justices shall, by Warrant under their Hands commit the Offenders to the Com-

mon Gaol, or some House of Correction, within his or their Jurisdiction, there to remain without Bail or

Mainprize for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than two Calendar Months; and

if either Party shall refuse to do and perform wharby any such Award or Umpirage he shall be directed to

do and perform, and shall be thereof convicted before two or more Justices of the Peace for the County,

■Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place where such Offence shall be committed, it shall be lawful for

fuchjustices, by Warrant under their Hands, to commit the Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol

or House of Correction within his or their Jurisdiction, there to remain withoyt Bail or Mainprize, until he

hall fully perform such Award or Umpirage: Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained (tell

extend to make any Person guilty of any Offence in not attending at more than one Arbitration at the fame

Time, or more than two Arbitrations in one Day; and that it shall be lawful, in all Cafes, for any lYlafter

who shall not be actually resident at the Time at any Place where his Trade or Manufacture shall be carried

on, to authorize any Person to act for him, in signing Sub millions to Arbitration, and attending Arbitrates

or Justices touching the Matter of any Arbitration.

Fo Person guilty in not attending at more than one Arbitration at a Time, or. more than two in one Day. Non-resident Mailers may

o act for them.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person convicted of any Offence or Offences

nunilhable by this Act, shall think himself or hetfelf aggrieved by the Judgment of such Justice or Justices

before whom he or she shall have been convicted, such Person shall have Liberty to appeal from every such

Convidioncothe next Court of General Sessions, or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which (tell

be held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place wherein such Offence was com-

mitted j and that the Execution of every Judgment so appealed from shall be suspended in case the Person

fo convicted shall immediately enter into Recognizance before such Justices, (which they are hereby au-

thorized and required to take,) himself in the Penalty of ten Pounds, with two sufficient Sureties in the Pe-

nalty of five Pounds each, of lawful Money of Great Britain, upon Condition to prosecute such Ap-

peal with Effect, and to be forthcoming to abide the Judgment and Determination of the said next Ge-

neral Sessions, or General Quarter Seflidhs, and to pay such Costs as the said Court shall award on such

Occasion; and the Justices in the said next Court of General Sessions, or General Quarter Sessions, are

hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Appeal,.and to award such

Costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid by either Party, which Decision shall be final 4

and if, upon hearing the said Appeal, the Judgment of the Justice or Justices before whom the Appellant

shall have been convicted shall be affirmed, such Appellant shall forthwith pay the Forfeiture or Penalty

(if any) mentioned in such Conviction, and the Costs awarded to be paid by such Appellant; and in De-

fault of Payment thereof, or in case such Conviction shall contain a Judgment of Imprisonment, such

Appellant shall immediately Jbe committed by the said Court to the Common Gaol or Bouse of Correction,

according to such Conviction, and for the Space of Time therein mentioned, without Bail or Mainprise,

and also until the Payment of (iich Costs as shall be awarded by the fame Court to be paid by such Appel-

lant.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be con-

strued, deemed, or taken to extend, to repeal the said recited Act, as to any Offence committed, or any Pe-

nalty or Forfeiture incurred, or any Ad, Matter, or Thing done or happened before the oaflingof this A&$

but th3t the f/id recited Act shall, as to every such Offence, Penalty, Forfeiture, Ad, Matter, and Thing,

be and remain in full Force and Effect, notwithstanding any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary ;

ar.d

