1

I

A.D.1799.'

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III, x.—xriii.

Cap. X.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session orPc.r!ia-

ment, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of three several Aits, passed in the fourteenth

and twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-

third Year of the Reign of His piclent Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferry-

bridge, to the South Side of Tadco/'lcr Cross, and also from Ferrybridge to I Vet her by, and from tnence to

. For 1 ugh bridge, in the County af Fork, so far as the fame relate to the Road between Ferrybridge and

IVethcrby, and from thence to Boroughbridge.—[ 21ft Alarth 1799 ]

Cap. xi. ,

An Act to continue for the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the.End of the then next Sef-

’ fion of Parliament, and for enlarging the Powers of an Ail, made in the cignteenth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Evesham Bridge, in the Borough of Eve~

flam, in the County of WorceJhr, to The Globe Inn in Alcester, in the County of Warwick.

[21ft March I799 J

Cap. xii. ,

An Act for continuing fSr twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Poweis of two Acts, made in the thirty-second Year

. of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads Icadingto and from the Towns of Nottingham

and Derby, In far as relates to the Road leading from Chatpel Far, near the Weft End of the Town of

. Nottingham, to Saint Mary s Bridge in the Town of Derby, and from the Guide Post in the Parish of

Lent on to Sawlcy Ferry.— [21ft March * 799 *3

Cap. xiii.

An Act to continue, for the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sef-

fion of Parliament, the Term, and for altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Ail, made in the nine*

teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Kilburn Bridge, in.

the County of Middlesex, to Sparrow's Her no, in the County of Hertford. — [2 ift March 1799-j

Cap. xiv.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, the'Perm, and increasing, altering, and enlarging the Powers, of two several Acts, passed in

-the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the fourth Year

*of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Weft: End of the

Town of Burton-upon~Trert, in the County of Stafford, through the said Town, to the South End of

the Town of Derby in the County of Derby.—[21ft March 1799 ]

Cap.

xv.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, the Terip, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-ninth Year

of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market

House in the Town of Much V/cnlock, and from Glceton Hid to Crejjage, in the County of Salop.

[ziflAfarch 1799-]

Cap. xvi.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Ail, paired in the eighteenth Year of

the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from The Birches Brook to Build-

was Bridge, and from thence to join the Wat ling Street Turnpike Road at Tern Bridge in the County of

Salop, so far as relates to the last mentioned Road.—[21ft March 1799.}

Cap. xvii.

An Act to continue, for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, the Term, and to amend the Powers, of an Act, passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of

of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Gosport, through Fareham and

Wickham, to Biflop's Waltham, and from TVickham aforesaid to Chawton Pond, in the Parish of Chaw ton,

all in the County of Southampton.—[21ft March 1799-]

Cap. xviii.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, the Term and Powers of two Aits, passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty

King George the Second, and the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending,

widening, and keeping tn Repair, the Roads from the East End of the Town of Hertford, in the County

of Hertford, through JVatton to Broadwater, and from the Town of Ware, through Watton, to the

North £nd of the Town of Walkern, in the said County.—[ 19th April 1799.]

Ff 2 Cap.

219

