122 C. 59. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799#

Such Ocods

landed in

Cuernfty, &c.

may be ferized.

rurcliflfers or

Proprietors of

Goo^is so ware-

housed sold at

publick Sales of

the Company,

for Home

Consumption,

fin 11 make

Entry, and pay

down certain

Unties,

No Drawback

to be allowed

on Exportation

of Goods fold

by the Company

after Aut;uft

1799,except on

certain Muflms,

Nanquins, Cal-

icoes, &c.

A£> ndt to

repeal the pre-

sect Lhawhacks

n Tea and

Spices.

No Dtawback

co be allowed on

viiel.oukd

V- And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which shall have been

shipped for Exportation, according to the Regulations of this Act, shall afterwards be landed in the Islands of

Guemjcy, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or the Ifhnds of Faro or Ferro, the fame shall be forfeited, and

shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Purchaser or PurcSafers, or Proprietor or Proprietors, of

any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported by the said United Company, and lodged or secured in

War^houses according to the Directions of this Act, which shall have been sold at the publick Sales of the

said Company, afrer the said thirty-first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, such

Goods not being prohibited to be worn or used in this Kingdom, shall intend to take any such Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize, from any such Warehouse, for the Pur pole of being used or con fumed in this King-

dom, such Purchaser or Purchasers, or Proprietor or Proprietors, shall, before the fame shall be so delivered

from any such Warehouse, make a due Entry of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, with the proper

Officers of his Majesty’s Customs, and pay down in ready Money, without any Discount or Abatement,

to the Collector or other proper Officer of the Customs, the several and respective Duties of Customs herein-

after mentioned; (that is to say,) on all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, so intended to be taken out

of any such Warehouse as aforesaid, not being prohibited to be used or consumed in this Kingdom, and

which are particularly enumerated or described in the Table hereunto annexed, marked A. the several Duties

cl Customs, as the fame are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in Figures in the said "Fable

marked A., and which Duties, so paid, shall be. instead and in lieu of the several Duties of Customs due

and payable on and immediately before the thirty-firtt Day of Shignjl one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

nine, on any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize imported by the said United Company, save and except

the Duties of Customs payable by virtue of the said recited Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament; and

on all Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so intended to be taken out of any such Warehouse as aforesaid, not

being prohibited to be used or consumed in this Kingdom, and which are not particularly enumerated or

ddciibed in the said Table marked A., the several and respective Duties of Customs due and payable on the

Importation of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, by the said United Company, by any Act or

Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the said thirty-first Day of Augull one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-nine.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Drawback of any Duty of Customs whatsoeverlhaJl be paid or

allowed on the Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported into this Kingdom by the

United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, which shall*.have been sold at the

Sales of the said United Company after the thirty-hrit Day of Aujufl one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

nine, except Mullins plain, Nanquin Cloth, Mullins or White Cailicoes flowered or (Pitched, plain White

Callicoesand Dimities, which shall have been printed, stained, painted, or dyed in this Kingdom, and on

the due Exportation from this Kingdom of any such Goods so printed, (Pained, paihted, or dyed, on which

the full Duties, as the fame are inserted, described, and let forth in the Table hereunto annexed, marked A.»

have been paid, there shall be paid or allowed to the Exporter or Exporters thereoft the several Drawbacks

of the said Duties, as the fame are respectively inserted, described, and set forth it: the said Fable marked A. ;

Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall in any wise alter or repeal the Drawbacks now payable

on the Exportation from this Kingdom, of Tea, Nutmegs, Mace, Cloves, and Cinnamon: Provided allb*

That no Drawback shall be paid or allowed on any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so taken out of any*

Warehouse as aforesaid, and on which the full Duties have been paid, unless such Goods, Wares, or Mer-

chandize, (hill be actually shipped on board the Ship or Veffiel in which the fame are intended to be exported,

within the Space of one Year from the "lime of the Payment of such full Duty.

Goods not shipped within a Year from Payment of Duty.

before Goods VIII. And be it further enacted, That before any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be delivered out

art t ken out Gf or taken from any Warehouse or Warehouses in which the fame shall have been lodged or secured by

icr Lx porta- virtue or in pursuance of this Act for the Pur pole of Exportation, each and every Package thereof shall be

p-icka-e shall marked in such distinguishing Manner as the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England^ or any

be marked a* four or more of them, shall from Time to Time direct.

the CoinmiiTicners of Custoras shall direct.

Officers of the

Customs shall

kttp 3n Ac-

count of all

Goods im-

ported.

Regulations

l*ffj>e fling

Payment of

) Juries there on,

frc.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs shall keep a regular

and correct Account of all Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported by the said United Company, dilfin-

g.uithing the Cargoes respectively imported in each particular Ship or Vellei; and within the Space of

three Years, from the Day on which the Captain or Commander of each and every such Ship or Vessel

shall, in the ulual and accustomtd Manner, have made his Repeat at the Custom House, the said United

Company shall pay, or cause to be paid, to the proper Officer of the Customs, all and every Sum or Sums of

Money due and payable on Account of the Cargoes respectively imported in such Ship or Vellel, according to

the Account taken at the iirft Examination thereof; and in case any Part of the Cargo of any Ship or Veilcl

(hill then remain unexporttd, and without the full Duties having been paid thereon, it shall and may be

lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the 1 ime being, or any four or more of them,

to icmiirc the said United Company to cause such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, to be (old, in case they

(hffil not have been fold (unless Leave shall have been previously obtained from the Lotds Commissioners

of his M.deity’s Treasury to grant a further l ime previous to such Re-falc being so ordered, which they

arc hereby authorized to do, upon satisfactory Evidence of the Necessity of the Cafe being hid hefor®

rhem) *, and in case fiey shall have been fold, then to be refold, either for Exportation, if such Goods, Wares,

or Merchandize, are prohibited to be worn or used in this Kingdom, or £or Exportation or Home Coniump-

3 ’ tion>

