A. D. 1799.

Anno tricesimo nono

Georgii

III.

C. 59. 123

tion, if not so prohibited in the Manner herein-after directed; and after such Sale or Re-sale, the Produce

thereof shall first be applied to or towards the Payment of the Freight, Primage, and Charges of Warehouse

Room, and other Charges that shall arise thereon, next the, Customs and Duties, and the Overplus to be.

paid to the Proprietors or other Persons authorized to receive the same ; and if from the Account to be

kept as aforesaid, it shall appear that the Quantity, Number, or Contents, of any such Goods, Wares, or

Merchandize, is or are less than the Quantity, Number, or Contents, taken by the. proper Officer or

Officers of the Customs, according to the Directions of this Act, at the first Examination of such Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize, or that the Whole thereof has not been duly exported, or the full Duties paid

thereon, or any Part thereof remaining to be disposed of as before directed, the said United Company shall,

within thirty Days, pay or cause to be paid, the full Duties on such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so

remaining unexported, or on which the full Duties have not been paid; and in all Cafes when the said

Commissioners of the Customs shall so require the Sale of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the

fame shall be put up for Sale by the said United Company at their then next ensuing Sale, and such Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize, shall be then sold by the said United Company for the highest Price that shall be

thenpublickly offered for the fame.

X. Provided always, That in case any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so lodged or secured in any

Warehouse or WarehOufes as aforesaid, shall be liable to Duties according to the Value thereof, and there

shall be a Deficiency of the Whole or any Part of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, on comparing

them with the Quantity, Number, or Contents taken by the proper Officers of the Customs, according to

the Directions of this Act, at the first Examination of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, such Values, in

order to ascertainthe Duties thereon, shall be taken according to the highest Gross Price at which Goods cf

the like Sorts, Denominations, or Descriptions, shall have been sold at the last Sale of the fa;d United Com-

pany, in which Goods of such Sorts, Denominations, or Descriptions were fold. afccnaining

the Duties to be taken at the highest Price at the last Sale.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Goods, Warcs, or Merchandize imported into this

Kingdoci by the said United Corppany, (except Tea, Cotton Wool, Nutmegs, Mace, Cloves, and Cin-

namon, and Bullion, Diamonds, and other precious Stones,) shall, on the said thirty-first Day of Avgvji

One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, remain in any Warehouse belonging to the said United Com-

pany unfold, all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall be subject and liable to the new and additional

Duties of Customs by this Act imposed, for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof,

according to the Gross Price at which such Goods shall be sold at the publick Sales of the said United

Company, and which Duties shall be payable by the said United Company in the Manner directed by this

Act; and such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall not be delivered from the Warehouse in which they

have been lodged or secured, for the Purpose of Exportation, but on the Securities, and under the Rules,

Regulations, and Restrictions required by this Act; nor shall any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, be

delivered from any such Warehouse for any other Purpose, but on Payment of the full Duties due and pay-

able thereon, in like Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as if such Goods,

Wares, and Merchandize, had been imported into this Kingdom by the said United Company after the

said thirty-first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; any Bond or Security, Law,

Custom, or^Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

In case of a

Deficiency of

warehoused

Goods, com-

pared with the

Account of the

Otficers oftlic

Customs, the

Values for

afceriaininp

it the last S

Goods, (except

Tea, Cotton

Wool, Spice,

Euii.on, and

Jewels) re-

maining unfold

in Ware! oufes

onAuguft3t,

1799, shall be

liable to the

additional

Duties, and

/hall not be

delivered for

Export, tion but

according to the

Regulations of

tins Ad, nor

for ary other

Purpose, but under the same Rules as if imported fines that Day.

XII. Provided always, That if the said United Company shall, before the said thirty-first Day of August The Duties paid

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, have paid to the proper Officer of his Majesty’s Customs

the Whole or any Part of the Duties which may have become due and payable on any such Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize, so remaining unfold in any of the Warehouses belonging to the f;tid United Com-

pany, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England, or any four

or more of them, to direct such Duties so paid by the said United Company, to be repaid in such Manner as

they the said Commissioners shall think fit to direct.

before AugUt

31, 179Q, on

warehous'd

Goods unfold,'

may be it;, aid

by the Crm-.

milTiontrs cf

Customs.

XIII. And be it further enacted. That in case any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which fhsll have

been warehoused or otherwise secured according to the Directions of this Act, and on which the full Duties

shall not have been paid, shall, after having been delivered for Exportation from the Warehouse for the

Purpose of being shipped on board any particular Ship or Vefiel, not be regularly shipped onboard such

Ship or Vefiel, or having been put into any Bark, Hoy, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or Wherry, in order to

be shipped on board such Ship or Vefiel, shall not be regularly shipped on board the fame, or shall be

relanded ftom any such Bark, Hoy, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or Wherry, or having been shipped on

board the Bhip or Vefiel in which the fame are intended to be exported, shall be unshipped or re-landed

therefrom, except by Necessity or Distress, to be proved to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of the

Customs in England, such'Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized

by any Officer or Officers of the Customs ; and the Ship or Vefiel from or out of which any such Goods

shall be fraudulently unshipped, and also the Ship, Vefiel, Lighter, or Boat into which any such Goods shall

be received or taken, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of his Ma-

jesty’s Customs.

XIV. 4 And whereas the Laws now in Force, made to prevent the fraudulent unftiipping or relanding of

4 Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shipped for Exportation to p'orcign Parts, have not been found luffi-

4 cient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended, and it is expedient, in order to prevent such illicit

4 Practice in future, that where any Goods, Wares,- or Merchandize, which have been shipped for Exporta-

R 2 4 tion

If Goods ck li-

ve i ed for Ex-

portation, on

which the lull

Duties luve not

been paid, shall

not be regularly

111 ip pc d, or foall

be rdundtd,

they shall be

fat tened with

the Veil'd.

Wherever

Goods are liable'

fa Forieiuire

lor being in-

shipped,the

Veil;is liciii

