A. D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georg 11 III.

C. 79.

*53

‘Offender’s Goods and Chattels, together with all Coftsand Charges attending such Distrcfs and Sale ; and

in case no sufficient Distress can be had or made, such Justice or Justices shall commit the Offender |o the

Common Gaol orHouse of Correction for such County, Stewartry, Riding, Division,City, Borough, 1 own,

or Place,4there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding six Calendar Months,

nor less than three Calendar Months.

• XXXVI. And be it further enaSed, That all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this AS

shall, when recovered, either by ASion in any Court, or in a summary Way before any Justice, be applied

and disposed of in Manner herein-after mentioned; that is to say, one Moiety thereof to the Plaintiff in any

such ASion, or the Informer before any Justice, and the other Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs

and Successors*

XXXVII. And be it further enaSed, That every ASion and Suit which shall be brought or commenced

against any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Constable, Peace Officer, or other Person or Persons, for any

Thing done or aSed in pursuance of this AS, shall be commenced within three Calendar Months next after

the Fact committed, and not afterwards; and the Venue in every such ASion or Suit shall be laid in

the proper County where the FaS was committed, and not else where; and the Defendant or Defendants in

*very such ASion or Suit shall and may plead the General Ifiue, and give this AS and the Special Matter

in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if such ASion or Suit shall be brought or commenced

after the Time limited for bringing the fame, or the Venue shall be laid in any other Place than as aforesaid,

then the Jury shall find a VerdiS for the Defendant or Defendants; and in such Cafe, or if the Jury shall

find a VerdiS for the Defendant or Defendants upon the Merits, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become

nonsuit, or dUcontinue his, her, or their ASion after Appearance, or if upon Demurrer Judgement

shall be given against die Plaintiff' or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs;

which he or they shall and may recover in such and the -same Manner as any Defendant can by Law in

other Cafes.

XXXVIII. And be it further enaSed, That ConviSions by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, for

Offences against this AS, and Adjudications of Forfeitures of Licences to be made in pursuance* of this

AS, and Notices and Certificates delivered and granted in pursuance of this AS, shall or may be in the

several Forms set forth for such Purposes respeSively in the Schedule to this AS annexed.

XXXIX. And be it further enaSed, That this AS shall and may be repealed in the Whole, or in any "J* * rc~

Part thereof, or in any Manner altered or amended, during the present Session of Parliament.

Application of

Penalties.

Limitation of

Actions.

General I flue.

Double Costs*

Convictiont,

&c. to be in the

Forms In the

annexed Sche.

; (N6.L11.11L)

The SCHEDULE to which the annexed A& refers,

I. FORM of ConviRion of an unlawful Combination and Confederacy•

M

to wit,

7 T£E it remembered, That on this

AB. of

Day of in the

is dulyconviSed before me, [or us].

Year of the Reign of

of his Majesty’s

Justices of the Peace for in pursuance of an Act of the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of

ling George the Third, [set forth the Title of the Act], for that the said A, B. after, the passing of the said

AS,to wit, on the , Day of at did, contrary to the said AS, become a

Member of [or, as the Cafe may be, aS as a Member of, or maintain Corresponaence or Intercourse wither

by Contribution of Money or otherwise, abet or support] a Society [describing the Society], which Society

is an unlawful Combination and Confederacy within the Intent arid Meaning of the said AS: Wherefore I

(or we] the said do adjudge, that he the said A. B. do pay [or, be imprisoned] as a

fcnalty for his.Offence, in pursuance of the said AS.

Given under my Hand and Seal [or our Hands and Seals]* this Day of in the Year of

our Lord and in the Year of the Reign of his Majesty King

»■« ■

II. FORM of Adjudicature of Forfeiture of Licence to Jell Ale, Cfc.

^ . ? BE it jremembered. That on this Day of in the Year'of the Reign of

t® w»t. J a-* present Majesty, A. B. of being a Person licensed to fell [as the Cafe may be], is duly

conviSed before us, two of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of in pursuance

«fan AS of the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of [fetforth the Title of the Act], for that he the said

A. B, on at did permit *a Meeting of a Society [describing the Society], which is an

unlawful Combination and Confederacy within the Intent and Meaning of the said AS, to be held at

being the House [as the Cafe may be], of the said A• Z?. wherein he the said A. B. is licensed to fell.[01* the

Cafe maybe] : Wherefore, we the said ^ do adjudge and declarethat the Lienee [or. Licences,

as the Cafe may be] is for, are] for such Offence forfeited.

Given under our Hands and Seals,_this Day of

and in the

Year of the Reign of his Msyefty King

in the Year of of r Lord

j9 Geo. III.

X

III. FORM

