A.D. 1800; Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 89. 439

were at the Time of the Seizure thereof, such Defendant or Defendants shall be acquitted and found not

guilty thereupon.

not prove that

lie had a Certi-

ficate, &c. the

Defendant shall be acquitted.

XXVIII. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Commissioner of the Navy, The Commis.

Ordnance, or Victualling, acting in the Execution of this Act, shall have and be entitled to the Benefit and havMhe Benefit

Protection given to the Justices of the Peace in and by an Act of Parliament made in the seventh Year of the given to Just ice*

Reign of the late Kin? "James the First, intituled, An Act for Ease in pleading troublejome and contentious of the Peace by

Suits prosecuted^against justices of the Peace, Mayors, Con ft ablest and certain other his Mojejlys Officers, for 7 Jac* « c. 5.

the lawful Execution of their Office; and also in and by one other Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-

first Year of the Reign of the said late King fames, intituled, An Act to enlarge and make perpetual the Act, 21 J*c. i.c» 1a.

made for Eafi in pleading against troublesome and contentious Steils prosecuted against Justices of the Peace, and

Mayorx. Con ft able s, and certain other his Majesty's Officer s, for the lawful Execution of their Office, made in

the seventh Tear qfhis Majestfs most happy &etgn; and also in and by one other Act of Parliament, made in

the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for ren- 04 Geo. 2.0.44*

dering Justices of the Peace more Jefe in the Execution of their Office, and for indemnifying Constables and

others acting in.Qbedience to their Warrants, in as full and ample Manner and Form as if such Commissioner -

had been a Justice of the Peace within the true Intent and Meaning of the said Acts of Parliament, or any

of them; and that all and every Constable, Headborough. or other Peace Officer, or Person acting under and the Peace

the Warrant or Authority of such Commissioner in pursuance of this Act, shall, besides the Protection Officers

given to Persons making Seizures as above mentioned, have and be entitled to the full Benefit and Pro- {half have The

tedion of the said several last mentioned Acts of Parliament, in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes Protection of

as if be or they had acted under the Warrant or Authority of a Justice of the Peace within the Meaning of the said Act*.

the fame Acts.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this present Act shall extend to that to extend \

Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland; and it is hereby declared and enacted by the Autho- 10 ScotI*nd*

rity aforesaid, that all Persons who shall commit: wfthin that Part of Great Britain called Scotland any of

the Offences against this Act herein-before expressed, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, shall be liable

to the fame Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities which by this present Act are declared to be ap-

plicable to similar Offences committed within that Part of Great Britain callEngland.

XXX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons accused of having Offenders ?n

committed any of the Offences against this Act, herein-before described, within that Part of Great Britain t^cd according

called Scotland, shall be tried according to the Forms used and observed by the Law of Scotland in Trials for to the Fomui*

Theft or Reset of Theft. \ Trial* for

. Theft or Refer of Theft.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons accused of Of-

fences and Misdemeanors against this Act within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for which

when committed in England, a summary Mode of Trial and Conviction is herein-before established, may

be tried in the fame summary Manner withip that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, before the Judge Or-

dinary of the Bounds, or before two or more Justices of the Peace in or out of Sessions, and being law-

fully convicted thereof, by their own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witnesses,

shall be punished in the Manner herein-before directed in Cafes of such summary Trial and Conviction in

England.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such summary Prosecutions within

that Part of Great Britain called $C0//<w/,{hall proceed, either at the instance of the Procurator Fifcal of the

Court before which the Party is to be tried, or at the instance of his Majesty’s Naval Storekeeper at L(eith

for the Time being, with Concourse of such Procurator Fifcal.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures

to be imposed on any Person by virtue of this Act, within that Part of Great Britain caiicd Scotland, dial! be

applied in the Manner herein-before directed with regard to similar Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures to be

imposed by virtue of this Act in that Part of Great Britain called England.

XXXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes in which by this prefcht Ad or

otherwise it is necessary or lawful to inftiiute any Suit, Plaint, Bill, or Action, before any of his Majesty’s

Courts of Record at Westminster, for any Thing done contrary to or in pursuance of this Act within that

Part of Great Britain called England, it shall be lawfjl in all similar Cafes occurring within that Part of

Ci/eat Britain called Scotland, for the Party to bring his Action before the Court of Exchequer there, ac-

cording to the Forms and Usages observed in that Court: Provided always. That such Action or Suit be

brought within the Time above specified for bringing such Actions in England. '

may be instituted In the Court of

Person* accused

of Offences in

Scotland, for

which in Eng-

land a summary

Mode of Trial

is established,

may be so tried

there.

At whose In-

flame summary

Prosecutions in

Scotland shall

proceed.

Penalties In

Scotland to be

applied as in

.England.

In Cafe* where

in England

Suits may be

instituted in

any Court oT

Record at

Weflmirfter, In

similar Cafes in

Scotland they

Exchequer there.

XXXV. And be it/further enacted by the Authority'aforesaid. That in all Questions whatsoever occur- InQueflions In

ring within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland upon all Matters and Things done contrary to or in Scotland upon

pursuance of this Act, and which are not herein-before expressly provided for, Regard shall be had to the ^Tided

Laws and Ufuges gbfervdd in Scotland in like Cafes 3 any Thing herein expressed to the contrary notwith- . f0crr, rhe^ws*

standing. there to be ©b«

served.

f XXXVI. And

y

