?i6 CJ.412-1-.114. Anno tricerimQ nono Georgii III.' A.D. 1799.

• [Continued till

Teb. 20, iSco.

39 Gn- 3-

His Majesty

may permit, for

a limited Time,

such Goods as

shall be speCified

in any Order of

Council, to be

imported in

Ships belonging

CAP. CXII.

An Act to enable His Majesty, by Order in Council, to permit, until six Weeks after the

' Commencement of the next Session of Parliament *, such Goods as shall be specified in

such Order to be imported into this Kingdom, in Neutral Ships.—[12th July 1799.]

c ^)WHEREAS it is expedient for facilitating the Importation of certain Articles into this Kingdom

4 VV that his Majesty should be enabled to permit, by Order in Council, such Goods as shall be Ipeci*

4 fied to be imported in neutral Ships ;* be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty,

his Heirs and Succefl’ors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, from Time to Time, when and

as often as the fame shall be judged expedient, to permit, until six Weeks after the Commencement of the

next Section of Parliament, any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, as shall be specified in any Order

of Council, to be imported into this Kingdom in Ships belonging to the Subjects of any Kingdom or State in

Amity with his Majesty ; any Law now in Force to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. 1

to the Subjects of any Country in Amity with his Majesty.

CAP. CXIII.

Sec ante, c. 67.

His Majesty,

during any

Vacation, while

the Office of

Chief Justice,

&c. is.vacant,

Duiy cau/e a

Writ to be

issued out of

the Court of

Chancery to any

Barrister at Law

be shall think

tit, to appear in

that Court, and

take upon

himfcll the

Dignity of a

Serjc:;nt at

Law j and such

Per fen /hall, on

taking the

usual Oaths, be

wit!.out further

Ceremony

deemed a Scr-

An Act to enable such Persons as His Majesty may be pleased to appoint to the Office of

Chief Justice, or of one of the Justices of either Bench, or of Chief Baron, or one of

the Barons of the Exchequer, to take upon themselves the Degree of a Serjeant at Law

in Vacation.— [12th July, 1799.]

WHEREAS it is expedient whenever the Office of Chief Justice, or of one of the Justices of either

Bench, or of Chief Baron, or one of the Barons of his Majesty’s Exchequer, happens to be va-

* cant, that a proper Person should be speedily appointed to such Office; and that such Person should be

* of the Degree of a Serjeant at Law, which Degree cannot be taken in Vacation : May it pieafe your Ma-

c jesty that it may be enabled ;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Content t-f the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-

sembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, at any Time

before the Commencement of the next Michaelmas Term, and during any succeeding Vacation, whilst the

Office of Chief Justice, or of one of the Justices of either Bench, or of Chief Baron, or cf one of the

Barons of his Majesty’s Exchequer, shall be vacant, from Time to l ime, tocause a Writ to be issued out

of his Majesty s High Court of Chancery, direcded to any such Person, being a Barrister at Law, as his

Majesty shall think fit, returnable immediately in the said Court, commanding such Person to appear in the

said Court,.and to take upon himself the State and Dignity of a Serjeant at Law ; and such Person shall and

may thereupon forthwith appear before the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners

for the Custody of the Great Seal for the Time being, at such Time and Place as the said Chancellor,

Keeper, or Commissioners, shall appoint ; and such Person so appearing, and taking the Oaths usually ad-

ministered to a Seijcant at*Law, shall, without any further Act or Ceremony, be, and be deemed and taken

to be, a Serjeant at Law, sworn to all Intents and Purposes: And in case his Majesty shall be pleased, by

Writ or by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to create or constitute an/ such Person,

so to be sworn as aforcfaiii. Chief Justice of his Majesty’s Court cf King’s Benehy or to grant to any such

Person the Office of Chief Justice cf his Majesty’s Court of Common rleas, or of one of the Justices cf

either Bench, or of Chief Baron, or of one of the Barons of his Majesty’s Exchequer, every such Person

shall be deemed and taken to be lawfully appointed to every such Office, and shall and may lawfully hold

and enjoy the fame, and do all Matters and Things whatsoever in such and the same Manner, to all In-

tents and Purposes, as if such Person had been a Serjeant at Law, sworn in the usual and ordinary

Course.

jeant at Law. His Majesty may grant to such Per ion the Office of Chief Justice of either Bench, & c.

CAP. CXIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated

Fund ; fur applying certain Sums of Money therein mentioned, for the Service of the

Year one thuufand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and for further appropriating the

Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.—[12th July 1799.]

c Most gracious Sovereign,

4 1X7E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjeifts, the_ Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

4 VV affambled, towards railing the ntcefiary Supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Ma-

4 j* fly in this Session of Parliament, h.we resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum herein-

4 aiur mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enaiSted •/ &c.

44 3,229,000/.

