iio

C. 43, 44; Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III* A.D. 1799.

of such Land made, or of the Proportion of Value which his or her Eft ate bore to other Estates or Income liable to be

Tax which afiefled in the lame Parish or Place, so as to prove, to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners, that such

reduced'viihm Reduction was wrongfully made; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof not-

three Yei'rs ' withstanding.

preceding, unless made ag.iinft the Party contra£ting, &c.

Guardians* &c.

may transfer

Stock ftaading

in the Names of

Infants, Sec. or

jointly with

themselves, for

Redemption of

Land Tax*

Powers for ac-

cepting Stock,

and for trans-

1'crring ir for re-

deeming Land

Tax, not liable

to Sump Duty*

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Guardian*, Tutors, and Curators of In-

fants, and for all Trustees for married Women, who have contracted, or who shall contract, for the Re-

demption of the Land Tax charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

wherein such Infants or married Women shall be interested, to transfer to the Commissioners for the Re-

duction of the National Debt so much of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per

Centum Reduced Annuities which shall be (landing in the Name or Names of such Infants or married

Women, either solely, or jointly with such Guardians, Tutors, Curators, or Trustees, or any of them, as

shall be sufficient for the Redemption of the Land Tax contracted for, and the Governor and Company of

the Bank of England are hereby authorized and required to permit and suffer such Transfers to be made ;

and the Cafhieror Cashiers of the Bank of England shall give a Certificate or Receipt for the Stock to be so

transferred, which shall be an Acquittance and Discharge to such Guardians, Tutors, Curators, or

Trustees, transferring such Stock as aforesaid; an9 the said Governor and Company, and their respe#ive

Officers, are hereby indemnified against all Persons whatever for any Transfer made in pursuance of

this A#. 4

X. And be it further enacted, That any Letter, or Power of Attorney, authorizing any Person or Per-

fons to accept any Stock in the Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, and also to transfer the fame to

the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt on Account of or for the Purpose of redeeming

any Land Tax, shall be exempted from Stamp Duty, and shall be valid and effectual in the Law for the Pur-

pose of such Acceptances and Transfers.

CAP. XLIV.

Ao Ail for further continuing, until the first Day of March one thousand eight hundred,

an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, AnAEtto empower His Majesty

to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall JufpeEt are conspiring against his Per-

son and Government.—[20th May 1799.]

36Gtt.3 c.a6. 4 VJHEREAS an Ail was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An An to empower His

Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesiyshallfufpeft are conspiring against his Person

and Government, which Ail was to continue in force until the first Day of February one thousand (even

39 Geo. 3. 4 hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer; but the fame, by an Ail passed in the present Session of Parlia-

15. recited. « ment, that is to say, on the ninth Day of January one thousand (even hundred and ninety-nine, was con-

4 tinued until the twenty-first Day of May one thousand (even hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer:

4 And whereas it is necessary for the publick Safety that the Provisions of the said A# passed in the last Session

4 of Parliament should be further continuedbe it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Perrons who are Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person who shall be in Prison within

or shall be im- the Kingdom of Great Britain at or upon the Day on which this Admail receive his Majesty’s Royal AC-

gifonedfor sent, or at any Time after that Day, by Warrant of his said Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council,

mayCbc°de- W flx the fa,(* Privy Council, or by Warrant signed by any of his Majesty’s principal secretaries

tained till March of State, for High Treason, Suspicion of Treason, or treasonable Practices, maybe detained in safe Cuf-

1,1800, See. tody, without Bail or Mainprize, until the first Day of March one thousand eight hundred; and that no

. Judge or Justice of the Peace shall bail or try any such Person so committed, without Order from his said

Majesty’s Privy Council, signed by fix of the said Privy Council, until the said first Day of March one

thousand eight hundred; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

A&in Scotland II, And be it further enacted, That the Ad made in Scotland in the Year of our Lord one thousand

of 701, forpre- seven hundred and one, intituled, An Act for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, and against undue Delays

ouTir^prison^” tn trials, in so far as the fame may be construed to relate to Cafes of Treason and Suspicion of Treason, be

ment, so far at suspended until the said first Day of March one thousand eight hundred; and that until the fafo Day no

may relate to Judge, Justice of the Peace, or other Officer of the Law in Scotland, shall liberate, try, or admit to Bail,

Treason, See. any Person or Persons that is, are, or shall be, in Prison within Scotland, for such causes as aforesaid, with-

March 1 1800 out ^r<*er from Majesty’s Privy Council, signed by fix of the said Privy Council.

From March i P*ovMed always. That, from and after the said first Day of March one thousand eight hundred, the

1800, Persons said Persons so committed shall have the Benefit and Advantage of all Laws and Statutes any Way relating

so committed to or providing for the Liberty of the Subjects of this Realm.

shall have tly.*

Benefit of ail Law* providing for the Liberty of the Subject, Sec.

Privileges of

Parliament not

invalidated by

this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this A# shall be construed to extend to invali-

date the ancient Rights and Privileges in Parliament, or to the Imprtfonmentor Detaining of any Member

of either House of Parliament, during the Sitting of such Parliament, until the Matter of which he (lands

fuJpeded

