338 C. 49. Anno 39? & 40° Georgia III. A.-D. 1800.

Every Court

1 «ving Controul

ovtr any In-

come charge -

Su le to Duties,

may appoint

proper Ptifons

with Salar.es,

with the Ap-

probation of the

Treasury (to be

paid out of the

Duties) to make

«ut and deliver

to the Commis-

lioners fer exe-

cuting the In-

come Acts, or

the. Commercial

Commissioners,

Statements of

such Income.

Persons so ap-

pointed 111 all

make out State-

ments as soon

as can be con-

veniently done,

and deliver

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Court of Equity, or other Court

having the Direction and Controul over any Income chargeable to the said*Duties on Income, whether

such Income shall be under the Controul and Direction of any such Court by reason of any Suit depending

therein in respect of such Income, or of any Property from which any such Income shall arise, or whether

the fame shall belong to any Infant, Lunatick, or other Person or Persons, to appoint some proper Person

or Persons, with such Assistants, as may by any such Court be deemed necessary, and with such respective Sa<-

laries or Rewards as to such respective Courts shall, with the Consent and Approbation of the Comtnif-

sioners of the Treasury, seem reasonable and fit; and which Salaries and Rewards such Commi(Boilers of

the Treasury, or any three or more of them for the Time being, are hereby, authorized from Time to

Time to direct the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, or any Receiver General, as maybe

moil convenient, to advance and pay out of the Duties granted on Income, received or receivable by them

respectively, and for Payment of which the Order of such Commissioners of the Treasury as aforesaid shall be a

sufficient Voucher- and Discharge, to make out and deliver to the respective Commissioners for the Purpose*

of the said Acts and this Act, or to the Commercial Commissioners, as the Cafe may require, acting f6r

the respective Distrids within which such Courts shall respectively fit. Statements of all such Incomes as

aforesaid; and the Persons so respectively appointed as aforesaid shall, as soon after they shall be so ap-

pointed as the fame can conveniently be done, make out such Statements, and from Time to Time, in

making out the fame, take the Direction of the Court, under the Direction and Controul whereof any such

Income shall be, and deliver the fame to such respective Commissioners as aforesaid; and the respective

Commissioners to whom any such Statement shall be delivered, shall thereupon proceed to assess all such

Income as aforesaid, and shall, as soon after such Assessment shall have been made as aforesaid as the fame

can be done, cause the fame to be transmitted to the respective Courts having the Direction and Controul

of such Income as aforesaid, in order that such Courts respectively may give such Directions therein as

may be necessary for the Payment of such Assessments.

.them to the C$mmissioner?, who shall make the Assessintnts, and transmit them to the respectivr Courts, that Directions may bt given for Payment*

Such Parts of

the said AOs as

require terrain

Forms of No-

tices for and

Returns of In-

come to be de-

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That so much and such Parts of the said Acts as require certain

Forms of Notices for and Returns of Income to be delivered by Assessors, shall be and the fame are hereby

repealed; and that, from and after the passing of this Act, such Forms for Notices and Returns shall be

delivered from Time to Time as shall be requiflte, and so as to be conformable to the Pravisions of the said

Acts and this Act, and the true Intent and Meaning thereof.

livered by Assessors, repealed 5 and such Forms shall be dcjhrered from Time to Time as shall "be requisite.

This Act to ex-

tend to Corpo-

rations, See,

Persons assessed

in one Division,

and again in an-

other, may ap-

yly to the fe-

vual Commis-

lioners for Re-

lief; and the

Commissioners

for the District

where the Party

was first afftflVd

(hallgratis, cer-

tify the Amount

ct his Assess-

ment there;

upon Produc-

tion of winch to

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Matters and Things in this A £F contained*, relating-to

any Person or Persons liable to be assessed to the said Duties upon Income, shall be applied to, and the

fame are hereby declared to extend to all Bodies* Corporations, Companies, Fraternities, and Societies

whatever, as far as any such Matters and Things can be or are applicable to any Bodies, Corporation?,

Companies* Fraternities, or Societies, in like Manner in every Respect as if such Matters had beenexprefs-

ly extended to such Bodies,. Corporations, Companies, Fraternities, or Societies.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person or Persons shall have been or shall be

assessed, in one Division or Place, to the Duties on his, her, or their Income, and shall have been, or shall

be again assessed in another Division or Place for the fame Income, or any Part thereof, it fhtdl be lawful

for such Person or Persons to apply to the Commissioners acting for the feveial Parishes or Places in which

such Person or Persons shall have been so act'efled as aforesaid, for the Purpose of being relieved from such

Double Assess'ment; and the Commissioners, acting for the Division or Place Vvithin which such Person or

Persons shall have been first afi'elled to the said Duties, shall upon, such Application give, or cause to be

given, a Certificate under the Hands of any two of such Commissioners of the Amount of the Assessment

there made, with the Particulars of the Income there assessed -y which Certificate (h^ll be given gratis \ upon

the Production of which Certificate to the Commissioners of any other Division Qr Place within which

such Person or Persons shall have beeir assessed in respect of the fame Income, or any Part thereof, such

Commissioners shall, upon being satisfied that such Person or Persons has or have been so doubly assessed

as aforesaid, cause the Assess'ment made in such Division or Place to be vacated, so as that such Person or

Persons may not remain charged by more than one Afl'cflinent for the feme Income.

the other Commissioners they shall cause their Assessment to be vacated.

The Owners of

Iloflging Houses

chargeable for

the Parts they

occupy, and for

the Profits anf-

ing from the

l^rts let out.

Person* holding

perpetual Cura-

cies not to be

charged in re-

spect of Stipends

paid (or dcing

lU Duty.

XXXVIII. And whereas Doubts have arisen in what Manner the Income arising from Houses kept determined by

1 the Owners for the Purpose of being let out wholly or in Part in Lodgings, ought to be charged under the

said recited Acts ;* be it declared and further enacted, That the Owner of any such House shall he charg-

able for such House, or such Part thereof only which shall be actually occupied by him or her, for his or

her own Ufc; and that for such House, or such Part thereof which shall be let out in Lodgings, or kept

for that Purpose, the Owner thereof shall be chargeable in respect of the Income arising from the Profits

made thereby.

XXXIX. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether Persons having or holding any perpetual Curacy

4 should be charged to the said Duties upon Income, in respect of any Stipend paid to a Curate;' be it

therefore enacted, That no Person having or holding any perpetual Curacy shall be charged in respect of

any Stipend which he shall pay to any Curate or Curates for doing the Duty, or any Part of the Duty

of such perpetual Curacy.

XL. And

