190

^ Vote!for the 40

Cturrits in Eng

bind 71,198;

J r the 12 in

Wales 5368.

Htul 76,^66,

(tnjieud of

94,718, tie

Number under

tbcj ormcrAftt :)

Of u'L-on one

F /«"«l are al-

to wed to be dif-

j.bargedur.dtr this

Ac1, and er. lifted

dv tie Army:

His $uota is

increased under

c. l. of Srjf. 2.

of this Tear to

three Fifths of the

Whole, i. e.

about 46,000;

reducing the

Milida to some*

thing under

31,000, or almofi

exaSiiy the Num-

ber originally

raised under 16

Geo. 3. c. 107.

but more equally

frofortioned on

tb: feverul Coun-

ties by Means

of the various

A&sJ

C, 106. Anno triedimo nono'Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

For the County of Bedford, five hundred and ninety-four:

For the County of Berks, one thousand and fifty-one:

For the County of Bucks, one thousand one hundred and twenty-two-:

For the County of Cambridge, nine hundred and one:

For the County of Coffer, with the City and County of the City c f Cl-filer* one thouLnd.six hundred and

fifty eight*:

For the County of Cornwall, one thousand two hundred and eleven:

For the County of Cumberland, one thousand one hundred and tiny-two:

For the County of Derby, one thousand id veil hundred and fifty-eight:

For the County of Devon, with the City and County of the City of Exeter, two thousand eight hundred

and thirty-five:

For the County of Dorset, with the Town and County of the Town of Boole, seven hundred and

seventy:

For the County of Durham* nine hundred and twenty-one;

For the County of Essex, two thousand three hundred and thirty-one:

For the County of G'loucester, with the City and County of the City of Gloucester, and the City and

County of the City of Brfilol, two thousand one hundred and seventy-eight:

For the County of Hereford, nine hundred and seventy-five:

For the County of Hertford, eight hundred and ninety-nine:

For the County of Huntingdon* two hundred and ninety-six:

For the County of Kent, with the City and County of the City of Canterbury, two thousand four hundred

and twenty eight:

For the County of Lancaster, four thousand five hundred and seventy-five:

For the County of Leicester\ one thousand two hundred and three:

For the County of Lincoln, with the City and County of the City of Lincoln, two thousand five hundred

and sixty-four^

For the County of Middlesex, exdufive of the Tower Division, commonly called The Tower HamUts,

five thousand six hundred and ninety-six 2

For the County of Monmouth, five hundred and twenty-two:

For the County of Norfolk, with the City and County of the City of Norwich, two thousand two hundred

and sixty-six:

For the County of Northampton9 one thousand three hundred and fifty-seven:

For the County of Northumberland, with the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, and

the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, one thousand two hundred and sixteen:

P'or the County of Nottingham, with the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, one thousand

and fifty-six:

For the County of Oxford, one thousand one hundred and thirty:

P'or the County of Rutland, one hundred and fifty-four:

For the County of Salop, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-six:

For the County of Somerset,' two thousand nine hundred and seventeen: ,

For the County of Southampton, with the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, one thousand

five hundred and ninety-fotir

For the County of Stafford> with the City and County of the City of Litchfield»two thousand one hundred

and twenty-four:

For the County of Suffolk, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-five:

For the County of Surrey, two thousand five hundred and three:

For the County of Sussex, one thousand five hundred and four:

For the County of Warwick, with the City and County of the City of Coventry, one thousand two hun-

di ed and eighty:

For the County of Weflmorland, four hundred and fifty-three:

For the County of Worcefiler, with the City and County of the City of Worcefiler, one thousand one hun-

dred and fifty-five:

For the County of Wilts, one thousand seven hundred and twenty:

For the Welt Riding of the County of York, with the City and County of the City of York, four thpu-

sand five hundred and fifty-five:

For the North Riding of the said County, one thousand seven hundred and seven:

For the Eafi Riding of the said County, with the Town and County of the Town of Kingston-upon-

Hull, one thousand and fifty-six:

P'or the County of Jnglrfea, three hundred and sixty-eight:

P'or the County of Brecon, three hundred and eighty-four:

For the County of Cardigan, four hundred and fifty-six:

P'or the County of Carmarthen, with the County Borough of Carmarthen, seven hundred and sixty:

For the County of Carnarvon, two hundred and thirty-nine:.

For the County of Denbigh, six hundred and forty-five:

For the County of Flint, three hundred and seventy seven:

For the County of Glamorgan, seven hundred and fifty four:

P'or the County of Merioneth, two hundred and twenty-six 2

9 For

by

