554-

in Articles of

Food in a cer-

tain Proportion.

Money given

for distributing

Bread, maybe

ditli touted by

Order of two

Justices in in-

ferior Bread to

an equal

Amount.

Two Justices,

Sec. mayinfptft

the Articles

provided, and

Cake, or require

an Account of

the Kinds,

Qualities, x

Quantities, and

Prices, and the

Stock then in

Hand.

Penalty for ©b-

ftrufting In-

fpc&ion, or not

rendering a true

C. 12. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A. D. 1800.

. -

the Articles of Food, to be furnished in pursuance of this A&, as the Cafe may require, in lieu of a Sum

of Money equal to the Price of such Articles, as the famt shall be settled by the respective Justices, and

the Proportion thereof shall be fixed at the Discretion of the respective Justices, provided such Proportion

shall in no Cafe exceed weekly the' Value of one Third of the Parochial Relief given to any Person, or his

or her Family, subsisting wholly on Parochial Relief, or one Third of the joint Amount of the weekly Earn-

ings of any Person, and his or her Family, and the Parochial Relief ordered or allowed to him or her, or for

or in respect of his or her Family.

V. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes in which any Sum or Sums of Money have been given

or bequeathed for the Purpose of providing Bread to be given or distributed among the Poor of any Parish

or Place, it shall and may be lawful for any two or more Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County,

Riding^or Division in which such Parish or Place shall be situated, to direct fuefy Distribution to be made

in Bread made of the while Produce of Wheat, or in Bread made of Wheat Flour mixed with the Flour or

Meal of any other wholesome Grain, and not in Fine Wheaten Bread : Provided always. That the Value

of the Bread so distributed shall be equal to the Value of the Fine Wheaten Bread which has usually been

so distributed or given.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace of the

Division or Place, at their Discretion, to inspedt and examine, or to appoint a fit and proper Person

to inspect and examine, the several Articles of Food provided in pursuance of this Act, and to take an

Account, or require the Overseer or Overseers for the Time being to render an Account to them, of the

Kinds, Qualities, Quantities, and Prices of the several Articles of Food so provided, and the Stock (if any)

then in Hand, and from TiifietoTime to make such Orders in Writing, and such Alterations in any

former Order, as to them shall seem meet; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully obstrudl or hinder

any Just ice or Justices of the Peace, or any Person authorized as aforesaid, in making such Inspection as

aforesaid, or demanding or requiring to make such Inspection as aforesaid, or if any Overseer or Overseers

shall not tendef any Account, or a true and faithful Account, of the several Articles of Food provided, or

of the Stock in Hand, every such Overseer or Person shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds nor

less than five Pounds.

Account, from %oU to 5I.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever the Justices of the Division or Placet

assembled at Special or Petty Sections, shall have directed and established general Rules and Regulations, for

the Guidance of the respective Overseers within their Limits, in the Distribution of the Articles of Food

to be provided in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for any one Justice of the Division or Place, by

his Order in Writing, to direct, and for the Overseer or Overseers of the Parish, Township, or Place, with-

out such Order, to grant Relief to the Poor by the Sale or Distribution of Food, conformably to such Rules

and Regulations, and to the tiue Intent and Meaning of this Act.

After the Rules

are settled one

Justice may or-

der the Over-

fters to grant

Relief by thfe

Sale or Distri-

bution of Food,

or the Over-

seers may do so without such Order.

First Meethtg

of Justices shall

be within a li-

mited Time,

and if not so

held the Quar-

ter Sections may

execute this

A&, or allow

’ further Time to

the Justices.

If Justices in

Special Sections

deem it incon-

venient to exe-

cute this A&,

a Statement of

the Cause shall

be transmitteti

to the Clerk of

the Peace, to be

laid before the

Quarter Sections

for Determina-

tion, who may

from Time to

Time make Or-

ders accord-

ingly.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, the first Meeting of Justices to be held in their respective Divi*

fions *md Places, in pursuance of this Act, shall not be later than twenty-one Days after the patting of this

Act ; and in case no such Meeting shall be held within the Time herein-before limited, in or for.any Di-

vision or Place, it shall be lawful for the Justices assembled at the then next General or Quirter Sessions of

the Peace, or at any adjourned Sections, as herein-after provided, and they are hereby required to execute

this Act, and to do all Matters and Things which the Justices at Special or Petty Sessions are hereby au-

thorized to do and execute, unless in their Discretion the .said Justices at General or Quarter Sections shall

allow, and they are hereby authorized, either at such Sessions or at any Adjournment thereof, and fofrcwi

Time to Time, in,their Discretion, to allow further Time to the Justices to execute the fame at Special or

Petty Sessions, within their respective Divisions.

IX. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Justices assembled at the Special or Petty Sessions f>r

any Division or Place shall, for any Cause, have deemed it inconvenient or impracticable to carry this Act

into Execution, in any Parish, Township, or Place, they shall, without Delay, draw up in Writing under

their Hands, a Statement of the Cause or causes of such Non-execution thereof, and transmit the fame to

the Clerk of the Peace, or Town Clerk, of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, be-

fore the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or of any such Adjourned Sessions; which

Statement shall be laid before such Justices on the first Day of holding the said Sessions, or of

any Adjournment thereof; and the said Justices shall take into Consideration the Cause or causes b

alledged, and shall adjudge upon and determine the fame according to the be ft of their Judg-

ment, and shall make such Order therein as to them shall seem meet, which Order or Orders shall be

revocable from Time to Time, as Circumstances may require, by the Justices at any future Ge-

neral or Quarter Sections, or any such adjourned Sessions, or may be altered or varied by them as shall

be expedient; but which Orders, being recorded aqiongst the Proceedings of the said Sessions as herein-

after directed, shall reipedlively be final and conclusive in all other Refpedh, and shall not be removed or

removeable, by any Process whatever, into any other Court, any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary

notwithstanding; and that so long as this Act shall, in the judgment of such Justices, require to be funner

executed in any such Parish, Township, or Place, they shall adjourn such General or Quarter Sessions, or

shall appoint from Time to Time other General Sessions to be held at such Place or Places, at such Time

or Times as shall appear to them necessary for the due Execution of this AS.

X. And

Digi ’ d by

G ogle

