A.D. 1799.' Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 79. 151

XXIII. 4 And whereas many Societies, established oflateYears for treasonnble and seditious Purposes,

4 and especially the said Societies of United Engliflimtn, United Scctfmen, United Irijkmen^and United Britonsr

4 and the said Society called The London Corresponding Society, and other Corre(jx>nding Societies, have at

4 various Times caused to be published, in great Quantities, divers printed Papers of an irreligious, treason-

4 able, and seditious Nature, tending to revile our holy Religion, and to bring the Proteflion and Worship

4 thereof into Contempt among the Ignorant, and also to excite Hatred and Contempt of his Majesty's

4 Royal Person, Government, and Laws, and of the happy Constitution of these Realms, as by Law efta-

4 biiftied, and utterly to eradicate all Principles of Religion and Morality ; and such Societies have dispersed

4 such printed Papers among the lower Ciafles of the Community, either gratis, or at very low Prices, and

4 with an Activity and Profusion beyond all former Example : And whereas all Persons printing or pub-

4 lifliing aliy Papers or Writings are by Law answerable for the Contents thereof, but such Responfibility

4 hath oflate been in a great Degree eluded by the secret Printing and Publication of such seditious, immo-

4 ral, and irreligious Papers or Writings as aforesaid, and it is therefore highly important to the Publick

4 Peace that it should in future be known by whom any such Papers shall be printed ;* be it enacted, That,

from and after the Expiration of forty Days from the Day of passing this A<St, every Person having any Print*

ing Press, or Types for Printing, shall cause a Notice thereof, signed in the Presence of, and attested by one

Witness, to be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace a£ting for the Coupty, Stewartry, Riding, Divifton, City,

Borough, Town, or Place, where the fame shall be intended to be used, or his Deputy, according to the

Form prescribed in the Schedule hereunto annexed ; and such Clerk of the Peace, or Deputy respectively,

shall, and he is hereby authorized and required to grant a Certificate in the Form prescribed in the Schedule

hereunto annexed, for which such Clerk of the Peace, or Deputy, shall receive the Fee of one Shilling,

and no more, and such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, shall hie such Notice, and transmit an attested

Copy thereof to one of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State; and every Person who, not having deli-

vered such Notice, and obtained such Certificate as aforesaid, shall, from and after the Expiration of forty

Days next after the passing of this A&, keep or use any Printing Press or 7'ypes for Printing, or having

delivered such Notice, and obtained such Certificate as aforesaid, mall use any Printing Press or Types for

Printing in any other Place than the Place expressed in such Notice, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty

Pounds.

XXIV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to his Majesty’s Printers for England

and Scotland, or to the Publick Prefles belonging to the Univerfitiesof Oxford and Cambridge respectively.

. . Univ

Printers shall

give a Notice

in the Form in

the annexed

Schedule (No.

IV.) to the

Clerk of the

Peace, who

grant a Certifi-

cate, (in Form of

No. V.) and file

the Notice, and

transmit an at-

tested Copy to

the Secretary of

State.

Penalty of aol.

for keeping

Preflt s or T ypes

without Notice,

or using them la

any Place not

exprefl>d therein.

Not to extend

to his Majtffy’s

Printers, or the

ties in England.

XXV. And be it further enacted. That, from and after the Expiration of forty Days after the passing

of this A£1, every Person carrying on the Business of a Letter Founder, or Maker or Seller of Types for

Printing, or cf Printing Prefles, shall cause Notice of his or her Intention to carry on such Business to be

delivered to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Borough, Town, or

Place, where such Person shall propose to £arry on such Business, or his Deputy, in the Form prescribed

in the Schedule to this Act annexed ; and such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, shall, and he is

hereby authorized and required thereupon to grant a Certificate in the Form' also prescribed in the said

Schedule, for which such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deouty, shall receive a Fee of one Shilling, and no

more, and shall file such Notice, and transmit an attested Copy thereof to one of his Majesty’s Principal

Secretaries of State; and every Person who shall, after the Expiration of the said forty Days, carry oil

such Business, or make or fell any Type for Printing, or Printing Press, without having given such Notice,

and obtained such Certificate, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted. That every Person who shall fell Types for Printing, or Printing

Prefles, as aforesaid, shall keep a fair Account in Writing, of all PersonS to whom any such Types or Prefles

i shall be fold, and shall produce such Accounts to any Justice of the Peace who shall require the fame ; and if

j such Person shall negle£l to keep such Account, or shall refuse to produce the fam£ to any such Justice, on

| Demand in Writing to inspect the fame, such Person shall forfeit and lose, for such Offence, the Sum of

1 twenty Pounds.

[ XXVII. And be it further enacted. That, from and after the Expiration of forty Days after the passing

of this A ft, every Person who shall print any Paper or Book whatsoever, which shall be meant or in-

tended to be publiftied or dispersed, whether the fame shall be fold or given away, shall prim upon the Front

ofavery such Paper, if the fame shall be printed on one Side only, and upon the first and last Leaves of

1 every Paper or Book which shall consist of more than one Leaf, in legible Characters, his, or her Name,

and the Name of the City, Town, Parish, or Place, and also the Name (if any) of the Square, Street,

Lane, Court, or Place, in which his or her Dwelling House or usual Place of Abode shall be; and every

Person who shall omit so to print his Name and Place of Abode on every such Paper or Book printed by

| him, and also every Person who shall publish or disperse, or assist in publishing or dispersing, either gratis or

for Money, any printed Paper or Book, which shall have been printed after the Expiration of forty Days

from the passing of this A&, and on which the Name and Place of Abode of the Person printing the famelhall

not be printed as aforesaid, shall, for every Copy of such Paper so published or dispersed by him, forfeit and

pay the Sum of twenty Pounds.

If . XXVII. And l

An Account

ihaii be kept of

Types and

Priming Prcfics

fold, and to be

produced when

required on Pe-

nalty of 20I.

The Name and

Abode of the

Printer shall be

primed on every

Paper or Book.

Printers omit*

ting so to do,

and Persons

difpeifing

Papers without

such Name and

Place of Abode,

shall forfeit 20k

l

