(Public Local and Personal\)39 St 40 G E O. III. xxvii

bcxxvii. An Act for dividing* allotting, and inclosing, the

Open Common Fields Meadows and Pastures,'Commons

and Waste Lands* in the Parishes of Byfeet and Weybridge,

and Manor of Byfeet, with its Members; in the County of

Surrey. Page 51 o

lxxxvi i. An Act for extending the Royalty of the City of

Glofgow sver certain adjacent Lands*, for paving, lighting,

and cleansing the Streets, for regulating, the Police, and

appointing Officers and Watchmen; for dividing the

City into Wards, and appointing Commissioners ; and for

railing Funds, and giving certain Powers to the Magistrates

and Council, and Town and Dean of Guild Courts for

the above and other Purposes. 511

lxxxix. An Act to empower the Governor and Company of

the Bank, of England to purchase certain Houie9 and

Grounds contiguous to the Bank of England, and to en-

able them to improve certain Avenues adjacent thereto.

512

*c. An Act'to explain,.amend, and render more effectual,

two Acts made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of

King George the Second, and in the twenty-ninth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, for draining and preserv-

ing certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Ife of Ely,

and County of Cambridge, betweerr the Cam, otherwise

Grant, Ouse, and Mildenhall Rivers, and bounded on the

South-east by the hard Lands of JJleham, Fordham, So ham,

and lVtcken\ and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs,

and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the

Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level to fell cer-

tain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called //*-

vested Lands \ and for laying certain Rates on Veffejs

navigated upon the said Rivers, towards Supporting the

Banks thereof, ^ » ' Ibid.

xci. An Act for better draining and preservine the Lands

and Grounds in the Fourth District of the North Level,

Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level;

and for amending and rendering more effectual an Act,

passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his

fate Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to

the said Fourth District. Ibid.

xcii. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing* certain

Waste Lands in the Manor of Worthen, and the Manors

or Townships of Aston Pigot and Aston Rogers, in the Parish

of Worthen, in the County of Salop, and for draining, and

otherwise improving, certain inclosed Lands adjoining or

near a certain Rivulet or Brook called The Rea, com-

mencing at or near a certain Piece of Water called Marton

Pool, on the Confines of the Parish of Chirbury, and ex-

tending through the {aid Parish of Worthen, to a Bridge

across the said River, called Horse Bridge, on the Confines

of the Parish of Westbury, in the said County, and sundry

Streams or Brooks emptying themselves thereinto. Ibid.

sciii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the tnen next Session of Parliament, the

Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act,

raft'd in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, for more effectually amending, widening, and

keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market

House, in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of

Worcester, and several other Roaos therein mentioned.

513

xciv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much

oflan Act, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of his present

Majesty’s Reign, for repairing several Roads leading into

the City of Giefow, as relates to the Road from Park-

house,toox near the Three Mile House, in the County of

Lanark. Ibid.

xcv. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, inv-

provipg, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading

from the Hundred House, in the County of Worcester, and

also several other Roads therein mentioned. Page 51;

Xcvi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an

Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his pre-

sent Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair, the

Road from a certain Bridge over a brook or Stream called

Sndbrook, near the City of Glmccjhr, to the Nine Mile*

Stone on the Bristol Road, at or near a Pla;e called Y/v

Clay Pits, in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

xcvii. An Act for enlarging the 'Term and Powers of an

Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his^>re-

lent Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the

City of Glouccjhr to the Town of Stroud, in the County of

Gloueester• Ibid.

xcviii. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates deviled

by the Will of Sir Patrick BLike-Baronet, deceased, situate

and being in the Counties of Middlesex and Suffolk, in

Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Incumbrances afteft-

ing the fame Estates, under the Direction of the Court of

Chancery, and for laying out the Surplus of the Purchase

Money in other Estates upon the Trulls and for the.Pur-

poses therein expressed. Ibid.

xeix. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the

Will of Sir Richard Hotham Knight, deceased, in Trullces,

to be sold, for Payment of Incumbrances, and for laying

out the Surplus Monies in other Estates, to be settled in

lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. . Ibid.

c. A\i Act for Sale of certain Estates in the Parishes of Clay*

pole, Great Ponton, and Kirton, in the County of Lincoln,

devised by the Will of the Reverend William Raflal!,

Doctor in Divinity, and for laying out the Money arising

by Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled

to the same Uses, and for other Purposes in the said Act

mentioned. Tb'uL

d. An Act for enabling the Tenants for Life, under the Will

of the late William Wright Esquire, to convey in Fee,

or grant Leases for long Terms of Years, for the Purpote

of Building of Part of the Estates devised by the said Will,

In the Counties Palatine of Chester and Lancnfer. Ibid.

cii- An Act to enable Sir George Pigot Baronet, Mnrgarft

Fisher, and Frances Pigot, to dispose of a certain dia-

mond therein mentioned by a Lottery. 514

ciii. An Act for enabling the Moll Noble Charles Duke of

Richmond, and the Duke of Richmond fox the Time being,

to charge with Jointures the Annuity of nineteen thousand

Pounds, (payable out of the Consolidated Fund, in lieu of

the Coal Duty granted by King Charles the Second to

Charles first Duke of Richmond, and the Heirs of his Body,’)

and the Stocks on Transfer of which the said Annuity i$

made redeemable, md for enabling the Sale of Part of the

said Stocks, and inverting the Money arising from any Inch

Sale in the Purchase of Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments,

and for other Purposes. *' 15

civ. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectu il an

Act, passed in the third Y~ear of the Reign of King James

the First, intituled, An Acte for the recovering cf Small

Debts, and/or the relieving of poor L^cbtors in London ;

and an Act, passed in the fourteenth Year of the R. tgn Af

his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and

amend the above-mentioned Act ; and likewise for extend-

ing the Powers of the Court of Requests in the City of

London, in and by the said two several Acts continued and

dlabliftied. Ibid.

d i cv. Ah

C.oooo{e

