314 C. 39,40. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A. D. 1800.

cers or Soldiers

on a March in

lieu of furnish-

ing Diet and

Small Beer, li-

able to be fined.

fioned Officer or Soldier on the March, in lieu of furnishingin Kind the Diet and Small Beer to which such

Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier is entitled under the said Act, every such Victualler or other Person

may be proceeded against and fined, in like Manner as if he or she had refused to furnish or allow accord-

ing to the Directions of the said recited Act, the several Things respectively directed to be furnished to Non-

commissioned Officers or Soldiers so quartered or billeted on him or her as aforesaid.

44 When halted on a March, Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers entitled to Diet and Small Beer as

44 after arriving at their Destination*. § 7. And if such Halting be only for a Day after Arrival, and that be

44 a Market Day, their Diet and Small Beer not to be discontinued. § 8. Regulations resetting Recruit-

u ing Parties, and Recruits on their March. § 9. [Exactly as under § 6,7, and 8. of 38 Geo. 3.

3*•]”

X. Provided always, and-be it further enacted, That the Rates of Subsistence directed to be paid to Inn-

keepers and others, on quartering Soldiers by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, (nail be pay-

able until the Commencement of this Adlf -

Rates of Sub-

fi stence payable

by c. 36. of lall

Session, to be

payable until Commencement cf this Act.

Continuance of

Act ; from the

passing thereof

till March 25,

1801.

36C00.3.C. xo.

So much of the

recited Act as

dire ft s that, af-

ter Jan. 1,1798,

the *u.ns to re

afllITed on any

Place should not

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place from the Day of the passing

thereof, and be in force until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one ; and that

this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Par-

liament.

CAP. XL.

An Act to enlarge the Powers of the Directors and Guardians of the Poor within the

several Hundreds, Towns, and Distridls, in that Part of Great Britain called England\

incorporated by divers Acts of Parliament, for the Purpose of the becter Maintenance

and Employment of the Poor, as to the Assessments to be made upon the several Pa-

rifhes, Hamlets, and Places therein mentioned, until the first Day of January one thou-

thousand eight hundred and two. [i6ch May 1800.]

* Y T WHEREAS by an Act made in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

4 V V An Act for the Better Relief of the Poor within the several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts in ihat

* Part of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers Acts of Parliament for the Purpose of the

* better Maintenance and Employment of the Poor ^ and for enlarging the Power of the Guardians of the

4 Poor, within the fqidfeveral Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, as to toe Assessments to be made upon the feve-

4 ral ParisheSy Hamlets, and Places within their respective Hundreds, Towns y and Districts, for the Support

4 and Maintenance of the Poor, Powers were given to the Directors and acting Guardians of the Poor, in-

* corporated by Acts of Parliament, in certain Cafes, to make such Alieffmentsas might be necessary forth?

4 Support and Maintenance of the Poor, notwithstanding they might exceed the AHeflments limited by the

4 respective Acts; and it was by the said recited Act provided, that, from and after the first Day of Ja-

4 nuary one thousand seven hundred and'ninety-eight, the Sums to be assessed by virtue thereof on any Pa-

4 rish, Hamlet, or Place, should never exceed, in any one Year, the Amount of double the Sum at that

4 Time raised by virtue of any incorporating Act then existing: And whereas, on account of the Scarcity

4 of Corn, in consequence of the late unfavourable Harvdt,.and the advanced Price of almost every necef-

4 fary Article of Subsistence or Utility, the Amount of the Rates and Afleiiments, so limited by the said re-

4 cited Act to be collected, are become inefficient for the necessary Relief and Maintenance of such Poor,

4 who have of late very much increased in Number 1 and it is expedient that so much of the said recited

4 Act asdiredls such Limitation should be repealed,* be it therefore enacted by the Kingrs most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the paffingoftnis

Act, so much of the said recited Act as directs that, from and after the first Day of .January one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-eight, the Sums to be assessed on any Parish, Hamlet, or Place, should never ex-

ceed, in any one Year, the Amount of double the Sum at that Time raised by virtue of any incorporating

Adl then existing, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

exceed the Amount of double the Sum at that Time raised, shall be repealed.

In (lead of t^e

Assessments di-

rected to be

made under re-

cited Act, ac-

cording to an

average Price of

Wheat, the Di

reftor> and

Guardians of

the Poor may

nuke those Af-

II. 4 And whereas by the said recited Act, the Directors and acting Guardians of the Poor, incorporated

4 by Acts of Parliament as therein mentioned, were empowered, at any of their Annual, Quarterly, or other

4 General Meeting?, to make the said Assessments under the Limitation in the said Act mentioned, whenever

4 the average Price of Wheat, at the Corn Market in Mark Lane, London, for the Quarter immediately pre-

4 ceding such Annual, Quarterly, or other General Meeting, should have exceeded the Average Price of

4 Wheat at the said Market, during those Years from which the average Amount of the Poors’ Rates was

4 taken upon the passing of the several incorporating Acts respectively : And whereas it is proper that so much

4 of the said recited Act as regulates the Average Price of Wheat in the Manner before mentioned should be

4 repe lied, and other Provisions made for that Purpose,’ be it therefore further enacted. That from and after

the passing of this Act, the said Directors and acting Guardians of the Poor incorporated as aforesaid, shall

8 be

