A.D. 1799^ Anno triceixmo nono Georgii Ilf*

C.6 j.

The following

additional Du*

ties of Curtome

to be paid on

Sugar.

Duties*

# most humbly bpfeech your Majesty that it maybe enacted and be it enacted by the Kind’s most Excellent*

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That there shall be raised, levied, collected,

and paid., unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succdlors, over and above the Duties now

payable by Law, the following additional Duties of Customs, to be paid in Ready Money, without any

Di(count or Abatement whatever; that is to (ay, » *

For every Hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, of Brown and MufcovadoSyigzr

of the British Plantations, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or which mall have been

fq imported, after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the Sum of

Eight-pence; anch(binProportion for any greater or less Quantity :

For every Hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, of Brown and Muftovado Sugar,

which Qudl be sold at the Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eastlndiesr

after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the Sum of Eight-pence

and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

For every Hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, of Whiteor Clayed Sugar of

the British) Plantations, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or which shall have been so*

imported, after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the Sum of

four Shillings; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity :

For every Hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, oftfiugar not of the British}

Plantations, which shall have been or shall be imported into Great Britain, and warehoused according to

Law, upon the Delivery thereof, after the twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

nine, out of or from the Warehouse or Warehouses in which the fame shall have been deposited for Export-

ation from Great Britain> the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence; and so in Proportion for any greater or

kfeQuanmy:

For every Hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, of Sugar, which shall have

been or shall be imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading &J-».

to the East Indies, and warehoused according to Law, and sold at the Sales of the said Company, after $ 3-i

the twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, upon the Delivery thereof out

of 6r from the Warehouse or Warehouses in which the fame shall have been deposited for Exportation

from Great Britain, the Sum of six Shillings and Sixpence j and foin Proportion for any greater or less

Quantity:

ror every Hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, of Coffee, which shall have

been'or shall be imported into Great Britain, and warehoused according to Law, upon the Delivery-

thereof, after the twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, (out of or from the

Warehouse or Warehouses in which the fame shall have been deposited,) for Exportation from Great Britain,

the Sum of four Shillings ; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties hereby granted on Sugar imported by the United Duties on So*

Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall be levied, collected, and paid, riotwith- by^heEaafo-

standing any, Provision oj^any Matter or Thing contained in an Act, puffed in this present Session of Par- dia Company tV

f&r 39 3*

~ e. is*

foment, for permitting Goods imported by the said Company to be warehoused.

bepaid notwithstanding 39 Gto. 3. c. 59^

From certain

Periods Part oi

the Drawbacks

on Exportation

of Sugar shall

cease.— £&* 39 ;

Geo. Sejg. z.

‘■ 1* §W>4" ]

HI. c And whereas it is expedient, under the present Circumstances, that the Drawbacks and Bounties

* now payable by Law on the Exportation of Sugar should be reducedbe it therefore further enacted. That,

from and after the twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, of the Drawbacks

now allowed by Law to the Exporter or Exporters, on the Exportation from Great Britain of any Sugar in

the fame State in which it was imported frormForeign Parts, two Shillings and Sixpence for each and every

Hundred Weight of such Sugar, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable: That, from and

after the twenty-fourth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, of the Drawbacks or

Bounties now allowed by Law to the Exporter or Exporters, on the Exportation from Greqt Britain of any

Refined Sugar called Bastards, or any Ground or Powdered Sugar, or Refined Loaf Sugar, broken in Pieces*

or Sugar called Candy, twaShiHings and Sixpence for eaeh and every Hundred Weight of such Sugar, shall

cease,determine, and be no longer paid or payable: And that, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of '

July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the Drawbacks or Bounties nowallowed by Law to the

Exporter or Exporters, on the Exportation from Great Britain of any other Refined Sugar, four Shillings

for each and every Hundred Weight of such Sugar, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or pay-

able: Provided always*. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to red jcc the Drawback on

Drawback now allowed by Law on Sug^r exported to Ireland> in the fame State in which k was imported sugar exported

into Great Britain from Foreign Parts.

to lrcland in the State imported into Great brita.n*

%IV. And be it further enacted* That*such of the Duties by this Act imposed, as shall arise in that Part of ?mAc! w bc un*.

Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Eng- niein of the*^"

land for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,fha\\ be

Commissioners

under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the Time being.. of Customs.

V.. And be it further enacted* That the Duties hereby imposed shall and may be managed, ascertained, Duties to be

raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, and’recovered, in such and the like Manner, and in and by managed, as the

any and either of the Ways, Means, or Methods, by which any of the Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares,

or Merchandize, imposed and payable by an Act, passed in the twenty-feyenth Year of the Reign of his by any ktt

present Majesty, or by. any other Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on or immeaiately before the passing prior to the

s 2- l>f

'

