$3

A.D. 1799. Anno tricellmsflono Georgii ill. , C. 22'.

Income has been usually made up; and in all succeeding Years, the Annual Receipt to be reckoned in the

fame Mode which the Person charged shall haye chosen to take in the first Year.

General Deductions to be allowed.

EIGHTEENTH CASE,

2d. MONEY arising Jrom Foreign Securities:

The Annual Income of such Securities, if the fame were existing in the preceding Year, to be estimated

according to the Produce of such Year, and if the fame were not then existing, to be computed upon the

expected Produce of the current Year.

General Deductions to be allowed.

IV. INCOME not falling under any of the foregoing Rules.

Siich Income to be estimated to the belt of the Know ledge and Belief of the Person receiving the fame, or

entitled thereto; and such Estimate to be delivered to the Comfnissioners, together with a Statement of the

Nature of such Income, and the Grounds on which the Amount thereof shall have been so estimated.

General Deductions to be allowed.

GENERAL DEDUCTIONS FROM INCOME.

1. The Amount of Annual Interest payable for Debts owing by the.Party, or charged upon the Property

of the Party, from which any Income shall arise.

z. The Amount of Allowances to any*Child or Children, or other Relations, such Child or Children,

or other Relation or Relations, not making a Part of the Family of the Party, and of whole Names and

Places of Residence the Alieflors and Surveyors shall have bad Notice by a Declaration according to the

Form No. 4..* ' ^ # Sd«t. A. 1;

3. Assessed Taxes under the two A<3s of the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for re-

pealing the Duties on Hoiifcs, Windows, and Lights, on Inhabited Houses, and on Clocks and Watches 5

and for granting to his Majesty other Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and on Inhabited Houses, in ‘

lieu thereof; and for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, and

for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof. . .1; 1

4. The Amount of any Annuity payable by the Party, either as a Debt or Charge upon his or her Income, t

(excepting any Payment to the Wife of any Parry living with such Party, for which (he, or any Trustee or 1 1 1

Trustees on her Behalf, shall not be duly charged under this Act).

5. Persons whb have made 01; shall make Insurance on their respective Lives, or on the Lives of their respt£l-.

ive Wives, shall be at Liberty, in Addition to any other Deductions, to deduct the Amount of the Premium

of such Insurance for the current Year.

6. Persons entitled to any Income during and depending upon the Life or Lives of any other Person or

Persons who have made, or shall make, Inturance on the Life or Lives cf such other Person or Persons, shall

be at Liberty, iri Addition to any other Deductions, (except the Deduction herein-after mentioned,) to

dcdtlCt the Amount of the( Premium of such last mentioned Insurance for the current Year; provided that if,

after the Death of such othfer Pdrfon or Persons on whose Life Or Lives such Insurance shall have been made,

the Income, or any Part thereof from which such Premiums have been deducted, shall be continued, or the

Fftate from whence the fame arose renewed, or shall have been usually continued, or the Estate from whence

the fame arose shall have been usually renewed by the Payment of a Fine or Fines, then and in such Cafe no

DeduCtioti shall be allowed oh Account of such Fine or Fines which shall have been paid, or would become

payable, on any stich Renewal/

PARTICULAR DEDUCTIONS FROM INCOME.

1. The Amount of the Tenths and First Fruits, Duties and Fees on Presentations paid by any Ecclc-

fiastical Person within the Year precedingthat in which the Computation shall be made.

2. Procurations and Synodals paid by Ecclesiastical Persons, on an Average of seven Years preceding that

in which the Computation shall be made.

3. Repairs of Chancels of Churches by any Re<stor, Vicar, or other Person bound to repair the fame, on

an Average of twenty-one Years preceding, as aforesaid, or as neaily thereto as can be produced.

M z

, SCHEDULE 1

i

