C.

A.D. 1799.

Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III.

279

of into the Charge and Custody of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, and upon the Delivery thereof Cu/toms, faiil

into the Custody of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, the Importer or importers, Proprietor or dc

Proprietors, or Consignee or Conlignets thereof (had, at nis, her,’or their own proper Costs and Charges,

remove all such Starch to and depnlit the lame in Inch convenient House, Warehouse, or Place, as the ofti.crspf Ex-

proper Officer or Officers of Excise Ibali diredf; and thereupon such Importer or Importers, Propfietor or effi, ar.d there-

Proprietors, or Consignee 01 Configures, shall, on Ueing required by the proper Officer or Officers of Ex- upon t!,e i,n-

cife so to dor immediately urap all such Starch in Papers of the Colours, or one of them, herein-after men-

tioned.

Pounds

and no other, each such Paper containing not left than four Pounds Weight, nor more than seven duelled* and

Weight (.fSia^ch; and also tie up eve; v such Wrapper where toe Ends of the Paper containing wii.nr quirtd

such Starch thal] be folded, and a!so strongly affix or paste, with warm Paste made from Glue, on the Out- wrap.t up in

fide of every fuen Wrapper, after the fame (had be so tkd, a Label of very thm Paper, three Inches long, P»pe*s>i*d>?iit

and three Inches broad at the lead, and of a different Colour from the Paper in wmcb the Surch shall [hoowinn^'of

wrapped, that is to say, if fuen Starch (hill be wrapped in blue or Drown Paper, the said Label shall be with tjlc ^aperwith-

whiter and if such Starch shall be wrapped in white Paper, such Label shall be biue; and shall al;o affix and out taring tho

paste every such Label on the Foldings of buffi' Knd&ot the Paper encloiing such a (Quantity of Starch, and on

in such a Marnier as to prevent the opening of the saki Pa|>er containing such Staren without tearing, such Penalty oi 100L

Label; and the proper (Officer or Officers of Excise shall attend to fee such Starch papered and tied, in Mao-r [‘fft/b Struts.

ner aforesaid, and such. Label affixed and passed on every such Paper containing such Starch; and such CJf? crojfing ca b

ficeror Officers shall caule every such Label affixed and patted on every such Paper containing Starch to be otrCtb°l^a!b%ft

stamped or sealed, with such Stamp or Seal as shall be provided by the Commissioners of Excise in England 9gu *' e

and Scotland respetSlively for thatPurpose; and* if any such Importer or importers. Proprietor or Proprie- e,

tors, or Comligr.ee or Consigneesof Starch, imported or brought into this Kingdom, {hall negleSi or refuse.

fi>to remove any such Starch, or to deposit the 1 vffie as aforesaid, or to wrap any such Starch in Paper as

aforesaid,or to tie up any such Paper as aforesaid, or to affix or paste any such.Label as aforesaid,” all and.

every such Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee. or Consignees, so offending

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred. Pounds*

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, in England Commissioner*-

andSf^«<j/respectively^ shall provide proper Stamps or Seals for tneftamping orfeaiing the Labels affixed

or paftfedon Paper containing all Starch which shall be imported or brought into this Kingdom, and pre- d/ilnbute0

pared in pursuance of this Act, and shall cause such Stamps or Seals to be distribuced to the proper Officers Stamps for La-«

of Excise, for the Purpose before mentioned; which Officers are hereby enjoined and required, in using bels.

the fame, to do no Hurt or Damage, or the least Hurt or Damage that may be to the Starch, or to the officers to do

Paper wherein the fame shall be so wrapped; 'which Stamps or Seals shall and may be varied, altered, or, as Jit le Hurt as.

renewed, from Time to Time, as the Paid Commissioners of Excise respectively, or the major Part of, may be in using

them respectively, shall thitifc fit. them.

44 Persons counterfeiting Stamps shall suffer Death; and Persons felling Starch with them, or fixing Labels*

44 to any Starch other than that stamped by the Officer, to forfeit 200l. § 10. [as under 36 Geo. 3. c. 6. ,

u f l3‘] Imported Starch found not legally wrapped, to be forfeited with the Packages, and the Persons

44 in whose Custody found, to forfeit 200l. § it. A61 not to extend to Starch made into Hair Powder, or

44 manufactureing into Hair Powder; or Blue, or Starch, not exceeding 23 lb. taken out for current Sale,

<4 § t2. [as under 36 Geo '3 c. 6 £ 14./’

XIII. And whereas it may happen, that the Paper wherein any Starch imported shall be contained Starch legally

4 after the fame has been stamped as aforesaid may by Accident be broken or damaged be it therefore en- stamped may

acted, That when the Paper wherein any such Starch shall be contained shall by any Accident be broken or be re-papered

damaged, and the Starch [Maker or Dealer in Starch, to whom the fame belongs, shall be desirous of wJienPapersPC

having the fame re-papered and re stamped, such Maker or Dealer shall give to the proper Officer or arc accidentally

Officers of Excise, within whose Survey he qr (he shall be, twenty-four Hours Notice, in Writing, that damaged,

such Maker or Dealer desires to have such Starch re-papered and re-stamped, that thereupon, and upon the

Prodadtion cf such broken Paper, with the Label, and Stamp or Seal thereof* to such Officer or Officers,

and leaving the fame with hirn or them, it shall be lawful lor such Officer or Officers, beingfatisfied that,

such Starch had before been duly stamped or sealed as aforesaid, and that the Paper or Papers containing the

fame had been broken or damaged by Accident, as foonas is convenient after the Expiration of such twenty-

four Hours, to re-stamp or re-leal such Starch, the fame being re-papered and tied, and such Label as afore-

said being affixed thereon in Manner herein-before directed. ' i

c Persons obstrudling Officers to forfeit 200l. § 14. Recovery and Application of Fines sued for by the.

44 Customs. §.15. Recovery and Application of Fines sued for by the Excise. § 16. Limitation of

44 Actions. General Issue may be pleaded in England. Treble Costs. Act may be pleaded in Scotland,

44 and Expences recovered. § 17. [as under 36 Geo. 3* c. 6*. § 18—21.] Act may be altered or repealed.

44 this Session. § 18* [See poJl> c. 61..J” '

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this A-dt shall commence and take Effect as to all such Matters and Commencement

Things therein contained relating to Starch, in respect whereof no special Commencement is hereby di- and Continu

redled or provided, from and after the twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

nine, and shall be and remain in force until and upon the twentieth Day ot September one thousand eight. pe to

hundred. -

. CAP.

