X

Acts, passed in the second and twenty-second Years of

the Reign of His preterit Majesty, for repairing and widen-

ing the Road from the Turnpike Road at Weybill, in the

County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Lyde-

way, in the County of Wilts* 220

xxi. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and altering apd enlarging the Powers, of three

several Acts, passed in the fourteenth and twenty-fourth

Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the

Second, and in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, so far as the fame relate to the Road from

Selby to Leeds, in the Weft: Riding of the County of York.

Ibid.

xxii. An Act for repairing several Roads in the Counties of

Dumfries and Roxburgh, to continue in Force for twenty-

one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next

Section of Parliament. Ibid.

xxiii. An A d to continue for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term and Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirtieth

Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and the eighteenth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a

Bridge over the River Lea, at or near a Place called

Jeremy's Ferry, and for making, repairing, and widening,

Roads from thence into the Great Roads at Snarefbrooke

. in the County of Essex, and at Clapton in the County of

Middlejex. . Ibid.

Sxiv. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two

Acts, passed in the third and twenty-fourth Years of the

Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for

repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road

from Kirkby Kendall, in the County of IVtjlmoreland, to

Kirkby Ireleth, in the County of Lancaster. Ibid.

xxv. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving

the Roads from Manchester, in the County Palatine of

Lancaster, throxiglnOldham to Aujlerlands, intheParish of

Saddleivorth, in the County of York, and from Oldham to

Jjhton-under-L\ne, and from Oldham to the Village of

Royton, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

xxvi. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving

the Road from Fcston Bridge, in the County of Lincoln,

to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham. Ibid.

xxvii. An Act for amending and rendering more eftcdual an

Ad, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and main-

taining a Navigable Canalfrom Loch Gilp to Lech Crinan

in the Shire of Argyll. Ibid.

•xxviii. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Severn,

from or near Crejjage, in the County of Salop, to the

opposite Snor$ ; and for making proper Roads or Avenues

to and from the same. Ibid.

xxix. An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of tnc then next Section of Parliament,

the Term, and alter and enlarge the Rowers, of two Acts,

made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late

Majesty, and in the twenty-fifeh Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the

Roads from Coleham Bridge, in Shrewfiury, to the Market

Place in Church Stretton, and to the Top of Lythwood

Hill, and from Pulley Common to the Maypole in Con-

dover; and from Coleham Bridge to Longdon, and from

the Fifth Mileftone near Longdon, to the Turnpike Gate

at Castle Pulverbatch, in the County of Salop. Ibid.

xxx. An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament,

the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of two Acts, parted m

the twenty-eighth Year of/the Reign of His late Majesty

King George the Second, and in the fourteenth Year of

the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads

from the North End of Brown's-Lane, in Great Stoughton

in the County of Huntingdon, to the Way Post near Wel-

lingborough Bridge in the County of Northampton, and

from the Pound in Kim bo It on to the Way Post near

Brington Bridge, in the said County of Huntingdon. 221

xxxi. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several

Acts, for repairing the Road from the North End of Mai-

ling Street, near the Town of Lewes, and certain other

Roads in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

xxxii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an 4

Ad, passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from

Newark-upon-Trent, in the County of Nottingham, to join

the Turnpike Road from Nottingham to Grantham, in

the Coynty of Lincoln, near the Guide Post on the Fcfs

Road near Bingham, in the said County of Nottingham.

Ibid. r

xxxiii. An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from f

thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament,

the Term, and to alter, enlarge, and repeal some of the

Provisionsof two Acts, passed in the twenty-seventh Year

of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the fifth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the

said Acts relate to the repairing of the Roads from an In-

trenchment on Afeerwell Hill, through Bridport to Perm

Inn, from Bridport to Beamirjler, from the North End

of the South Street of Bridport to Bridport Harbour, from

the North Turnpike Gate at Beaminster to Beamirjler

TVood, other wise Wood Common, and to Lett ham's Water,

ail in the County of Dorset. Ibid.

xxxiv. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament,

the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two

Acts, passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late

Majesty King George the Second, and the eighteenth Year

of the Reign of His present Majesty, sofar as the said Acts

relate to the repairing and widening the Road from the

North End of Dapden Wharf, in the Parish of Stoke, next

Guldejord, through Guldeford, to Andrew's Cross, and to

A If old Bars, in the County of Surrey, and from thence .to

New Bridge, in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

xxxv. An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then.next Section of Parliament,

the 'Term, and to alter and enlarge the Rowers, of an Act,

passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present

Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from

Gander-Lane in the County of Derby, to Sheffield in the

County of York, and from Mo fin ough-Green to Clozvrt%

both in the said County of Derby. Ibid.

xxxvi. An Act for better supplying the Town and Port of

Liverpool with Water,from certain Springs in the 1'own-

ship of Bootle, in the County Palatine of Lancaster• Ibid.

Xxxvii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and

from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia-

ment, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of

two several Acts, the one passed in the twenty-fifth Year

of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second,

and the other in the fifth Year of the Reign of His pre-

sent Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the

Road leading from the North East Corner of Nftffijeld

Cpmmorty

The TITLES of the S TAT U T E S,

