[3oC€0.a.c.69J

19 Geo. 3,

c. 109.]

Sec ante,

c. xxxi«

h [ 1 Geo. 2.

ft.a.c. 10}

16 Geo 2. c. 45

2oGeo.3.c.6^'J

[29Gco.2.c.94|

18 Geo. 3*

c. in.]

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. lxv—lxxiii. 5°S

Cap. lxv.

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Roads therein mentioned,

leading from the Town of Leominster, in the Cognty of Hereford. [20th June 1800.]

[Former Acts, 2 Geo. If. Cap. 13; 22 Geo* IJ. Cap. 13; 17 Geo. 1TI. Cap. 85; .0,7 Geo* III. Cap. 176*

regaled. This Act to continue for twenty-one Years, Ij c. from the first Meeting of the Trustees.J

Ctp Ixvi.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years and from thence to the End of the then next Sessioo of Parlia-

ment, the Term ai d altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirtieth Year of the

Reign of his late Mejefty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his pre-

terit Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein-mentioned, so far

as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Ruthin, in the County of Denbigh, to the

Town of Moldy in the County of Flint. [20th June 1800.]

Cap. Ixvii.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts h, passed for amending the High-

way between Hockiiffe and Woburn, in the County of Bedford, and for repairing the Road leading through

Woburn to Tickford Bridge, in Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks* [20th June 1800.]

Cap. Ixviii.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

. liament, the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, for amending, repairing, and widening the Roads* leading from the Ryeway, in the Parish

of Tarpole- in the County of Hereford, to Pre/ieigne, in the County of Radnor, and several pther Roads

therein mentioned, in the said County of Radnor, and in the Counties of Hereford and Salop* '

[20th June 1800.]

Cap. Ixix.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of his present Ma-

jelly's Reign, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the Town of Warminster in the Coun-

ty of Wilts, to a Place where the Roads to Bath and Bristol divide, and from the Town of Frame to the

Town of Beckington, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned.

[20th June j8oo.]

(17 Geo. III. Cap. 99. continued, and this Act to endure for twenty-one Years, &c. from the Expiration of'

former Term ] '

Cap. lxx.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of f290o

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present i6 Geo.3.c.74'I

Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Lincoln Heath to the City

of Peterborough, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Northampton and Lincoln.

[20th 1800.]

Cap. Ixxi.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his

' present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bevodley, in the

. County of Worcester, to the several Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of WorcejUr and Salop re-

spedlively. [20th June 1800.]

Cap. lxxii.

An Act to continue for twenty-one Years and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia-

ment, the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirtieth Year of the

Reign of hrs late Majesty King George the Second, and in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Spalding High Bridge through Littleworth,

and by Frog nail, and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Maxey Out gang, in

County of Northampton, adjoining the High Road there. [29th June i3oo.]

Cap. Ixxiii.

An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading out of the Common

Highway from Wigan to Golborn and Warrington, near the Northerly End of the Southerly Platt Bridge

in lnce in Macherfield, by Ramferlong, into the Turnpike Road from Wigan to sijhton, in Pjhton in Mac*

hrfield, in the County Paiatine of Lancaster. [20th June 1800.]

£For twenty-one Years, &c. from the first Meeting of the Trustees.J '

39 & 40 Geo. III. [Loc. & Per*] 3 T Capm

[26 Geo.l‘C.39i

14 Geo- 3. -

c. xi a.J

f 3oGeo-2.C

5 Geo. 3.

c, ic6J

