A.D. i8oov Anno  quadragesimo prin.10 Georgii III. C. 16. 573

find the Amends tendered to have been sufficient, they shall find a Verdi# for the Defendant or De-

fendants ; and in every such Cafe, Or if the Plaintiff shall become Nonsuit, or discontinue his A#ion, or if

Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants upon Demurrer, or if any Acjion or Suit shall be

brought after the Time limited by this A# for bringing the fame, or shall be brought in any other County

or Place than as aforesaid, then and in any such Cafe the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants,

and the Defendant or Defendants shall be entitled to his or their Costs ; but if the Jury shall find that no

such Tender was made, or that the Amends tendered were not sufficient, or shall find against the De-

fendant or Defendants, on any Plea or Pleas by him or them pleaded, they shall then give a Ver-

di# for the Plaintiff, and such Damages as they shall think proper, and the Plaintiff shall thereupon re-

cover his Costs against every such Defendant and Defendants.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person

or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in any such

A#ion or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any

Trial to be had thereupon, and that the feme was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act;,

and if it shall appear so to have been done, or if a Verdi# shall be recorded for the Defendant or Defend-

ants, or if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall

have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon a Verdi# or Demurrer against the Plaintiff* or Plaintiffs,

the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like

Remedy for the feme as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cafes by Law, for Reco-

very of his, her, or their Costs.

XXI. Provided always. That no Person shall be convicted in manner aforesaid, for any of the before-

snendoned Offences, unless the Prosecution hv order to such Conviction be commenced.within fourteen

Days next after the Offence committed.

a Verdict shall

be found for

the Defendant,

or if tht Plain«

tiff become

njn*suit, &c.

If the Jury find

for the Phintitf, ,

they shall give

a Verdict for

Damages.

Defendants

may plead the

General Issue*.

Treble Costs.

Profccotions

for Offences

shall be com-

menced within

fourteen Days.

XXII. And be it further enacted. That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this A#'imposed and infli#ed. Application of

shall go and be distributed in manner following, (that is to say,) when any Offender or Offenders shall be Penalties.

convi#ed, either by his, her, or their own Confeffxon, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or

"Witnesses, such Penalty or Forfeiture shall go and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall inform against

and prosecute to Convi#ion any such Offender or Offenders, and all Penalties and Forfeitures which (nalL

arise or be incurred by reason of any Search, Trial, or Seizure^ made in pursuance of any of the Powers and

Prcvisions of this* A#, by any Magistraie or Magistrates* Juftfoe or Justices, shall go and be applied to or

for the Use of the Poor of the Parish wherein such Offence shall be committed, or the Party cont

vi#ed, in such Manner as any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Just ice or Justices, within his or their Juris-

di#ion, shall from Time to Time think fit.

XXIII. And be it further enacted. That this A# shall continue in force until the sixth Day of Continuance of

ier one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the End of six Weeks from the Commence- Act,

neat of the then next Session of Parliament.

THE

G ogle

