A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. C. 21. 579

ployed and (pent in curing and preserving such Fish respectively, and lkewife the true Quantity of Salt

*hich shall be then remaining, in or on board his Vessel, unused; and thereupon the proper Officer of Ex-

cife shall go on board and inspect and examine all such Fish and Salt, and shall grant Permission, in Writing

.under his Hand, for unloading and landing all such Fish, which, if required by such Officer, shall be unladen

(and if in Bulk, measured or weighed) by such Master, in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise ;

and if any such Master shall neglect or refuse to make such Entry as aforesaid, or make any (alfe Entry, or

shall refuse to unlade the salted Fish of which his Cargo shall consist, and to measure or weigh such Part

thereof as shall be imported in Bulk, in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, he shall forfeit, for evci y

such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Certificate which shall have been received by any such Maf-

ter for or in respect of any such Salt as aforesaid, shall be produced to the proper Officer of Excise by whom

the Cargo of the Veil'd on board which the Salt, for or in respect of which such Certificate as aforesaid shall

have been granted, shall be inspected, examined, and taken Account of; and if such Officer shall be satisfied

that the Salt specified in such Entry to have been used, shall have been fairly and bona fde spent and con-

fumed in preserving or curing the salted Fish of which the Cargo shall consist, according to the Directions

of this Act, then and in such Cafe such Officer shall indorse on such Certificate the true Quantity of Fish

Cured or preserved, and landed out of such Vessel, and the exact Quantity of Salt remaining on board ;

which Certificate, being produced to and left with the proper Officer of Excise of the Port or Place at which

or from whence the Salt to which fuph Certificate may have Reference shall have been shipped or tsken on

board such Vessel, such 1 aft-mentioned Officer (hall give Credit for or write off* from the Account of the

Person or Persons who shall (land charged in the Books or Accounts of the Excise with such Salt, so much

Salt as shall appear by the Indorsement of the proper Officer of Excise on such Certificate to have been

actually used, spent, and consumed, in curing and preserving Fish, according to the true Intent and Meaning

of this A&, and shall permit and allow all the Salt remaining unused in or on board such Vessel, to be re-

turned into the Warehouse from whence the fame was taken, and shall write off or give Credit for the

Quantity of Salt actually so returned, or shall permit the fame to be taken out, by and at the Option of the

Master or Owner of the Vessel, for curing or preserving Fish on his next subsequent Trip or Voyage, either

with or without any additional Quantity of Sale, (not exceeding in the Whole the Proportion herein-before

mentioned,) as he or they shall deem necessary; and every such Officer of Excise shall, upon such subse-

quent Trip or Voyage, and upon such Notice as is herein-before required, give to the Master of such Vef-

fel, such and the like Certificate as is by this Act before directed.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That immediately upon the Delivery to the proper

Officer of Excise of any such Entry as is herein-before directed, the Master of the Vessel making or giving

the fame shall make Oath before the proper Officer of Excise (which Oath such Officer is hereby autho-

rized and empowered to administer) to the Truth of such Entry, and every Part thereof, and that he has

not taken or received on board his Vessel, or included in his Entry, any Fish whatever, save and except such

Fish only as hath been fairly and bona fde salted, cured, apd preserved, on board the Vessel of which he is

the Master, nor any Fish which he has any Reason to know or believe have been imported on boariT any

other Vessel whatever; that he has not directly or indirectly fold, embezzled, or fraudulently disposed of, or

concealed, or conveyed away, or suffered any other Person or Persons to fell, embezzle, diipofe of, or con-

ceal, or convey away, any Part of the Salt taken, shipped, or laden on board his Vcllel, for faking, curing,

or preserving Fish.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer of Excise, at all Times, to go

and remain on board'any such Vessel as aforesaid, and to inspedT, examine, and take Account of all Salt,

and salted Fish, and other Articles or Commodities whatsoever, in or on board such Vessel.

X. And be it further enacted, That if the Quantity of salted or cured Fish actually unladed or delivered

from on board any such Vessel as aforesaid in the Prelence of the proper Officer of Excise, shall fail short of

the Quantity specified in such Entry as aforesaid, in the Proportion of one Part in five of the whole Quan-

tity specified in such Entry, that then and in such Cafe such Entry shall be deemed and taken to be a false

and untrue Entry, and the Master making the same shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Credit or Allowance for Salt used in the faking, curing, or pre-

serving Fish, under the Directions or Authority of this Act, shall, at any Time or in any Cafe, be made or

given beyond the Quantity of Salt actually and bona fde employed and spent in the faking, curing, and

preserving the Fifir, for which such Credit or Allowance shall be claimed; nor shall any such Credit or

Allowance exceed the following Proportions, that is to (ay, for every Cran confiding of thirty-four Gal-

lons, Enfish Wine Measure, of Herrings, actually salted, cured, preserved, and produced to the proper

Officer of Excise in a good, wholesome, and mcrcnantable State, sixty-five Pounds Weight of Salt; for

every Barrel of fifty Gallons, of like Measure, of Pilchards or Mackare), so salted, cured, preserved, and

produced as aforesaid, ninety-five Pounds Weight of Salt; for every one hun.ired Weight of ad other Fish,

ib fdted, cured, prefcrveJ, and produced as aforesaid, twenty-two Pounds Weight of Salt; any Thing in

this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the.contrary in anywise notwithstanding. f '

XII. And be it further enacted, That no further or other Credit or Allowar.ee for Salt shall be made,

given, or granted, for or in respect of any Fish for which the Credit or Allowance gf Salt, by this Act given

Ci granted, shall be claimed, set off, or allowed.

4 E a XIII. And

with the F.xcise

Officer, wl:o

shall goon hoard

and t xamine,

and i,i ant Ptr-

nnfii n lor on-

loading the Fish,

and it he rcou.ie

it, in Ins Prc-

fem e.

Penalty of 1031.

on Matters for Neglect.

Certificates re-

ceived inrefp ft

of Salt, fh.iU be

produced to i <-

Excise OlTi er

by whom tU*

Cargo Ihnil he

inspeCtcrf, who

Hull, it (it.if.i’rf,

indoifc thcie *n

the Quinn ty of

Fish tuic J and

landed, and the

Quantity cf Sait

rem lining j ai 1

t lie Officer of the

Port from-which

the SaJf was

taken, full give

Credit for melt

Salt as shall ap-

pear to have

been used, and

shall permit the

Remamdertobe

warehoused,&c«

Mailers shall

rrnkc Uath of

the Tiuth of

Entries, and that

they have not

included thereto

any Fish but

what have been

salt ly cured oa

boat d, ecc.

Excise Cffiecrt

may goon board,

and take Ac-

count of Salt

and salted Fish.

If the Fill) un*

laden shall be

short i-5th Part

of the Quantity

entered, the

Matter shall for-

feit icob

Credit for Salt

used in ci ring

Fish shall net

evened the

Quantities lit re-

in jpccihrJ,

ard no further

Allowance :h..U

be granted.

