A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. Ixix.

his Estate and Efle&s, {hall, in the first Place, put of such Estate and Effects, after Payment of all Debts

due to the Crown, pay unto the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being, or to the Treasurer for

the Time being of the said Company, as the Cafe may require, all such Sums received for and belonging

to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and the West India Dock Com-

S, or either of them, by virtue of this Act, as were in the Hands of such Harbour Master, Dock Mailer,

fflor, or other Officer, at the Time of his Death; and the Assignee or Assignees of his or their Estate

and Effects, in case of Bankruptcy, shall, after paying to the petitioning Creditor or Creditors, his, her, or

their Costs of suing out and prosecuting the Commission against such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, in the next

place pay unto the said Chamberlain* or unto the said Treasurer, as the Cafe may require, all such Sums

of Money so in the Hands of fitch Harbour Master, Dock Master, Collector, or other Officer, at the Time

of the suing out of any such Commission of Bankruptcy against him, or so much thereof as the said Estate

or Effects will extend to pay; and the Receipt of the said Chamberlain, or Treasurer shall be'a good

Discharge for the said Money; and such Executors or Administrators, Assignee or Assignees, or other

Person or Persons as aforesaid, may, to any Action or Suit commenced or brought against him or them,

plead or give in Evidence the Payment of the fame, and shall be allowed such Payment out of the Estate and

Effects of such Harbour Master, Dock Master, Collector, or other Officer, prior to any other Debt or De-

mand whatsoever; and in case of Non-payment of the feme by the Space of thirty Days after the fame shall be

demanded, it shall be lawful for the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City, in Common Coun-

cil assembled, or for the said Treasurer, as the Cafe may require, to commence and prosecute one or more

Action or Actions for the fame, in the Name of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City,

(if for their Benefit,) or in the said Treasurer's own Name, (if commenced by him,) in any of his Majesty’s

Courts of Record, against such Executors or Administrators, Assignee or Assignees, or other Person or

Persons as aforesaid.

CLXXIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to ex-

tend, to deprive the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or their Successors, or the said Company, of

any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, against the Surety or Sureties of any Harbour Master, Dock Master,

Collector, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, to be appointed in Execution of this Act, for the Non-

performance of any Covenant or Agreement entered into by such Harbour Master, Dock Master, Collector,

or other Person or Persons, to be appointed as aforesaid, or his or their Surety or Sureties, touching any Thing

to be done under or in pursuance of this Act.

€f For saving the Rights of the Trinity House. § 174.’*

CLXXV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That nothing- in this Act contained shall

extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice or derogate from the Estates, Rights, Interests, Privileges,

Franchises, or Authority of the^ King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, (except as to the said Mooring

Chains,) or of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or their Succefl’ors, or the

Lord Mayor of the said City for the.Time being, or to prohibit, defeat, alter, or diminifii, any Power,

Authority, or Jurisdiction, which, at the Time of making this Act, his Majesty, (excepting as aforesaid,) or

the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the

Time being, as Conservators of the River of Thames, and Waters of Medway, did or might lawfully claim,

use, or exercise; and further, that it shall be lawful for the Lord Mayor of the said City, for the Time

being* in like Manner as he hath used to do in other Cafes, to esquire of, hear* and determine, by Present-

ment or Indictment, taken before him as Conservator of the said River and Waters* all Offences contrary

to this Act, or such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as shall be made as aforesaid, and upon

Conviiftion of the Offender or Offenders, to impose a Penalty or Penalties on him, her* or them, not ex-

ceeding the Penalty or Penalties hereby influfted, or which shall be inflicted, in and by the said Bye Laws,

Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for such Offence or Offences; but no Person shall be punished twice for

one and the fame Offence.

44 This Act not to extend to prevent the Admiralty from laying down Mooring Chains below Greenland

Dock for the Use of the King’s Ships. § 176. Power to Justices to mitigate Penalties or Forfeitures one

44 Half. §177. Parties aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions, giving fourteen Days Notice. $ 178.

44 Penalties and Forfeitures may be recovered by Distress and Sale. % 179. Distress not to be. deemed un-

44 lawful for Want of Form. § 180. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of Form. § 181

CLXXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred, inflicted, and

paid or levied, for any Offence or Offences which shall be committed against this Act, in Prejudice of any

X>t the Works or Improvements hereby authorized to be made or done by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and

Commons, in Common Council assembled, or contrary to or in Breach of any of the Regulations and

Directions hereby enacted concerning the fame Works and Improvements respectively, or contrary to or in

Breach of any of the Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, to be hereafter made by the said Mayor,

Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall, when not hereby otherwise diiefted to be

paid and applied, be paid and disposed of, one Half to the Informer, and the other Half into the Receipt of

the Chamber of the City of London, to be applied towards the Maintenance, Preservation, and Manage-

ment of the Mooring Chains in the River Thames, and if there shall be any Surplus thereof remaining over

and above what shall be necessary for such Maintenance, Preservation, and Management of the said Mooring

Chains, the fame shall go and be applied in the same Manner as the Monies toarife from the T'ranfit Rates

hereby made payable to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, are hereby di-

rected to be applied, and in Aid thereof: And that all Penalties and Forfe tures to be incurred, inflicted, and

paid

255

Nothing in tfiir

A# contained

is to prejudice

any Remedy

against the

Sureties of

Officers.

Rights of his

Majesty and the

Corporation of

London not to

be prejudiced.

Lord Mayor

empowered as

Conservator of

the River

Thames, to

puniffi Offences

against this

Att, &c.

Application of

Penalties and

.Forfeitures.

