3»

give them No-

tice to return

Lifts similar to

those to be re-

turned by

HousehoIJeri \

ami on Default

shall return

their Names to

the Commis-

sioners, and the

Names of such

Persons asousht

to be returned I

by them, in the

Knowledge of

the Assessprs.

AO not to ex-

tend to Persons

exempted by

their Poverty

from Poor

Rates, Sec.

Income of Mar-

ried Women

shall be Slated

by their Huf-

bands; but the

Wife may be

C. 13. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III/ -A.D. 1799.

fourteen Days after the Day of serving such Notice, the like Lift in Writing bf the Persons not residing in

Great Britain, and of Infants, Idiots, Lunaticks, and Married Women, who shall have or be entitled to any

Income chargeable by virtue of this Act, which shall be in the Receipt of such Lodger or Inmate, or other

Person respectively, or shall actually receive any Income derived from Property which such Lodger or Inmate

shall hold as such Trustee, Guardian, Tutor, Curator, or Committee, and of the Names of such other

Persons (if any) as shall be joined with him or herasTrustee, Agent, or Receiver, Guardian, Tutor, Curator,

or Committee, or in any other Character, as is hereby required to be made out and delivered by House-

holders; and every such Lodger, Inmate, or other Person aforesaid, shall make out such Lift, and deliver

the fame signed as aforesaid, and shall also make out and deliver such and the like Statements of the Sum he

or (he means to contribute on his or her own Account, and also proposes should be contributed for or on

Beha f of any other Person or Persons as aforesaid, as are hereby required to be made out and delivered by

Householders; which Lifts or Statements, or such of them as the Cafe shall require, according to the Pro-

visionsof this Act as last-mentioned, every such Person shall deliver to such AiTellbror Assessors, within the

Space of fourteen Days after Service of such Notice; and if any such Person shall neglect or refuse to

make out such Lifts or Statements, or either of them, as the Cafe shall require, and deliver the fame to the

Assessor or Assessors within the Time before mentioned, then such Assessor or Assessors shall return to the

Com mi dinners the Names of all such Persons making such Default as last aforesaid, and shall also make

out a List containing the Names of all Persons of and for whom such Person making such Default ought to

make out and deliver such Lifts and Statements as aforesaid (if any such there be within the Knowledge of

such Afltflbr or Assessors).

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall he construed to re-

quire any Notice to be delivered to> or any List or Statement to be returned by, any Person residing in any

Tenement whereof all the Inhabitants are, by Reason of their Poverty only, exempted from the actual Pay-

ment of the usual Rates and Taxes toward the Church and Poor.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Income of any Married Woman, living with her Hufoand,

shall be dated and accounted for by her Husband at the Time of delivering his own Statement

under this -Act; provided that the Commissioners shall be at Liberty to summon the Wife, and examine

.her touching her separate Property, under such Rules and Regulations as any Party may by this Act be

examined.

examined as to her separate Property.

If the Cejtu'i qut

Trust is of full

XLII, Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any other Person, for whom such Person as

aforesaid shall act as Trustee, Agent, or Receiver, shall be of full Age, and shall reside in Great Britain at the

Time required for the Return of such Lift as aforesaid, it shall be sufficient for such Trustee, Agent, or

Receiver, to return in such Lift the proper Name and Place of Residence of such other Person, without

making any Statement of the Sum to be contributed or paid for such other Person, which Lifts of other Per-

fons so resident as aforesaid shall be forthwith delivered t? the Surveyor or Inspector where such Lift shall be

delivered, for the Information of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes.

Age and resides

in Great Bri-

tain, it shall be

sufficient for

the Trustee to

return his

Name and Re-

fidence, to be delivered to the Surveyor, Scc.

No Tiuffeewho

has authorized

his Cestui qut

Trust to receive

the income of

Trust Property,

nor any Bank-

er, See. of Per-

son, entitled to

Income, shall

be deemed to be

XLIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Trustee who shall have authorized the Re-

ceipt of the Income of any Trust Property, by or on the Behalf of the Person entitled thereto, and who shall

permit such Income to be received by the Person or Persons so authorized to receive the same, shall be

deemed to be in the actual Receipt of such Income, but the Person or Persons who shall really and bona fide

receive the same for his, her, or their Use or Benefit under such Authority, shall be deemed to be in the

actual Receipt thereof within the Intent and Meaning of this a dt; and that no Person who, as Banker,

Agent, or Receiver, shall receive any Income for the Use of any Person beneficially entitled thereto, and

resident in Great Britain, shall be deemed to be in the actual Receipt of such Income within the Intent and

Meaning of this Act.*

in the actual Receipt of such Income. [&/ aifi c. 22. § 29.]

Assessors shall

also yearly affix

on the Church

Doors, general

Notices to all

Rcfidcnts, to

deliver their

Lifts and State-

ments, which

shall he deemed

good Notice to

all such Re fi-

ef tnts, though

the Nonce- re-

quired in ^ 38.

is not delivered

to them.

Persons de-

l*:'ng fuchNo-

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Assessors appointed for the present Year ending as aforesaid,

shall, within fourteen Days after the Date of such first-mentioned Precept as aforesaid, and the Assessors to

be appointed for any fubfrquent Year after the fifth Day of April one thousand (even hundred and ninety-

nine, shall, within fourteen Days afar the Date of such last-mentioned Precept as aforesaid, in every Year

during the Term herein mentioned, cause general Notices to be affixed on the Doors of the Church or Chapel,

and Market House or Cross (if any) of the City, Town, Parish, or Place, for which such Assessors shall

act, and if such Town or Place shall not have a Church or Chapel, or Market House or Cross, then

on the Church or Chapel Dcor of the next adjoining Parish, requiring a»l Persons residing in the said City,

Town, Parish, or Place, who are by this Act required so to do, to make out and deliver to the respective

Assessors such Lifts and Statements as are hereby required; and such general Notice shall, from the Time when

the fame shall be affixed as aforesaid, be deemed sufficient Notice to all Persons resident in such City, Town,

Parish, or Place, and the affixing the fame in Manner before directed shall be deemed good Service of such

Notice, nctwithstanding such Notices as are herein-before directed shall not actually have £een left at the

House of any HouseholJer, or at the Place of Residence of any Lodger or Inmate, or other Person resident

within such Parish or Place; and the said respective Assessors shall cause the said Notices from Time to

Time to be replaced (if necessary) for the Space of ten Days before the Time required for the De-

livery of such Lifts and Statements as aforesaid; and every Person wilfully tearing, defacing, or obliterating

any

