A.D. 1800. Anno 39® & 40® Georgii III, C. 29—30.

relating to the delivering in such Account as is in the said recited Act mentioned, and to the ascertaining

and publiftiing the Average Prices of Sugar, and all Things relating thereto, shall be and are hereby de-

clared to be in Full force during the Continuance of this A <3, with regard to Rice, in as full and ample a

Manner as if the fame were severally and respectively re-enacted and repeated in this A&.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Bounties shall be under the Management qF the Commis-

sioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England and Scotland respectively, and shall be paid out of any Mo-

nies in their Hands arising by any of the Duties or Revenues under their Management respectively, to the

respective Importers or Consignees of such Wheat, Wheaten Flour, and Rice respectively : Provided al-

ways, That a due Entry shall be made with the proper Officers of the Customs, at the Port into which

such Articles shall be imported : Provided also, that the Collector, or other proper Officer of the Customs

of the Port where such Wheat or Wheaten Flour shall be imported, do receive full and satisfactory Proof,

that the said Wheat and Wheaten Flour, for which the Bounty herein allowed is claimed, is wholly and en-

tirely without Mixture of any other Corn or Grain, and that in Default thereof the said Bounties shall not

nor shall any of them be allowed or paid.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That none of the Bounties granted by this Act shall be paid, al-

lowed, or received, unless the several Articles in this A£fc enumerated and described shall be imported or

brought respe&rvely into some one or other of his Majesty’s Ports, (that is to say) the Ports of London,

Aberyjhvyth, Barnstaple, Beaumaris, Berwick, Biddeford, Boston, Bridgewater, Bridport, Briftol\ Cardiff]

Cardigan, Carlisle, Carnarvon, Chester, Chichester, Colckester, Cowes, Dartmouth, Dover, Exeter, Falmouth,

Fenvey, Harwich, HullIp/wich, Lane after, Liverpool^ Lyme, Lynn, Malden, Milford, Newcastle, Nnuhaven,

Penzance, Plymouth, Poole, Portsmouth, Preston, Rcchester, Sandwich, Scarborough. Shoreham, Southamp-

ton, Stockton, Sunderland, Swan/ea, Wells, Weymouth, Whitehaven, Whitby, Wijbeach. Tar mouth ;* Aberdeen,

Ayr, Alloa, Borrowftonefs, Campbeltoun, Dumfries, Dunbar, Port Dundas, Dundee, Grangemouth, Glasgoro,

including Port Glasgow, Greenock, including Kirkaldy, Kirkcudbright, Leith, Lerwick, Aiontrofe, Perth, and

LPigton*

VI. And be it further enacted, That before any of the said Articles, imported or brought into this King-

dom for Bounty under the Regulations of this A61, shall b.e delivered out of the Charge of the proper Offi-

cer or Officers of the Customs of the Port where the fame shall be respectively so imported or brought, such

Articles respectively shall be carefully and attentively inspected and examined by such Officer or Officers of

the Customs as the Commissioners of the Customs in Englandund Scotland respectively shall think lit to di-

rect for that Duty, and two indifferent and difinterested Persons experienced in the Nature of the Article

to be so inspected and examined ; which two indifterent and difinterested Persons shall be chosen by the

principal Officers of the Customs at such Port, or any two of them, whereof the Collector for the Time

being shall be one 5 which said Officer or Officers of the Customs so directed by the said Commissioners of

the Customs respectively, and the said two indifferent and difinterested Persons, so chosen as aforesaid to

inspect and examine the said Articles respectively, shall, upon having viewed the fame, certify and declare,

upon their corporal Oaths, first administered by the said principal Officers, or any two of them, whereof the

Collector shall be one (who are hereby authorized and required to administer the fame) whether the faiJ

Articles respectively are or are not merchantable and fit for making Bread ; and if the fame shall appear by

such Certificate to be merchantable and fit for making Bread, the Bounties respectively granted by this Act

shall be paid and allowed thereon ; but if the fame shall appear by such Certificate not to be merchantable or

fit for making Bread, no Boqnty granted by this Act shall be paid or allowed thereon.

44 Recompence to be made the Inspectprs. 1 d. per Quarter for Wheat, or 28olb. Avoirdupois Werght of

44 Rice ; and 1 d, per Barrel for Flour. § 7. Commissioners of Customs may pay Bounties on Articles

“ imported before Ob7. 15, 1800, on Proof of the Vessels having failed at such Times that they might

44 in the ordinary Course of their Voyage have arrived before Obi. ift. § 8. Vessels arriving at a Port

4< where the Bounty is not allowed, may fail to one where it is. § 9. [as under 36 Geo. 3. c. zt. § 5,6,7.]

44 Continuance of Act to 15th Obi. 1800. § 10. Ad may be altered or repealed this Session. § 11.”

303

published in the

Gazttcc.

Bounties to he

under the Ma-

nagement of the

Commissioner*

of Customs.

Entry to be

made at the Port

of Importation,

and Proof given

that the Arti-

cles are free

from Mixture.

No Bounties to

be allowed un-

it fs the Articles

are imported at

certain Ports.

Articles im-

ported, shall be

inspected by the

Officers of the

Customs, and

two skilful Per-

fons, who are

to certify whe-

ther they are fit

for making

Bread.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for extending, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred,

until the twenty*fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, the Period of

Preference, granted and continued by several Acts to Bodies Corporate and Persons for

the Redemption of Land Tax •, apd for enlarging several of the Powers contained in the

said Acts. [4th April 1800.]

c 1T7 HERE AS it is expedient that the Period within which all Bodies Corporate and Politick, Compa-

4 VV nies and Persons mentioned in several Acts passed in the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth Years of

4 his present Majesty’s Reign, were allowed the Benefit of Preference in contradling for the Redemption of

4 any Land Tax therein mentioned, and which was, by an Act of the present Session of Parliament *, ex- * [f. J0.]

4 tended until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred, should be revived, continued, and

. 4 further extended ; and that further Provision should be made for facilitating the Redemption of the Land

4 Xax, by Archbishops, Bishops, and other ecclesiastical Persons, and by all Corporations May it there-

fore please your Majesty that it may beenadled ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament

Googh

