A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii IIL

C. 14.

59

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be entitled to claim such Exemption at aforesaid by No Persontobe

reason of his Enrolment and Service in any Corps of Volunteers, unless the Commanding Officer thereof entitled to Bx-

shall, at the Times of transmitting the Muster Rolls of such Corps in Manner aforesaid, certify at the Foot

thereof that such Corps has been in(pe3ed ^it least once in the Space of the three Months immediately pre- i,g Officer br-

eeding the Date thereof, by some General or Field Officer of his Majesty's Regular Forces; or, if such tify that the

Inspeaion shall not have taken place, that such Corps is ready and willing to befo inspe3ed, at lead twice in Corps hat been

the six Months immediately following, at its usual Place or Places and Times of Meeting; Copies of which infPe^cd

Certificates shall be certified by such Lieutenant to the Clerk of the General Meeting, and by him to the \

Subdivision Meetings, together with the Muster Rolls. . Field offiSr,

or that it is ready to be injpe&cd. Copies of Certificates to be certified to the Clerk of General Meetings.

VI. And, with a View to the better Execution of this A 3/ be it further enacted, That his Majesty’s County Licute-

Lieutenants of the several Counties and Places in Great Britain, shall, once in every Year, transmit to one na"ts to.trans'’

of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State an Abstra3 of the several Muster Rolls so transmitted to them sccrcu^of

respectively within the Year; which Abstract shall express the Names of the several Corps, the Number of state, an Ab-

Persons enrolled and serving.therein respectively, their Conditions'of Service, and whether the fame have stra&of the

been inspected, or are willing to be inspe3ed, as aforesaid. D/'"‘

VII. And be it further enacted, That Muster Rolls, Returns, and Certificates, respectively made up,

returned, and certified, according to the several Forms thereof, A, B, C, and D, annexed to this A3, shall

be deemed to be sufficient and valid for the Purposes of the fame; but that if^ from any Variation of Cir-

cumstances, or other Reason, these Forms should not be strictly adhered to, Instruments of a similar Im-

port may nevertheless be deemed sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid.

Muster Rolls.

Muster Rolls,

&c. in the Forms

annexed, or In-

strumentsof a

similar Import,

to be deemed valid.

At the first Ge.

VIII. And whereas it may bencceflary, in consequence of the Provisionsofthis A3, to make out new

r.;AcnfM*n q..m;i;»;« .» be jt father enacted, That the Lieute-

Lifts of Men liable to serve in the said Supplementary Militia; iuuwu wmoiwu, , u«i 1.1* i^ituvw of the Licutc.

nant, together with two Deputy Lieutenants, or (on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of the nanry after

Lieutenant) any three Deputy Lieutenants of every County, Riding, or Place, shall, in the Manner di- pairingthisAft,

re&ed by the said first-recited A3, at the first General Meeting to be holden after the passing of this A3,

cause full and corre3 Lifts to be made out of all Persons liable to serve in the said Supplementary Militia,

for such County, Riding, or Place, and in every future Year shall in like Manner make out new Lifts, or

cause the former Lifts to be amended by adding new Names thereto, and striking out the Names of Persons

not liable to be ballotted for the said Supplementary Militia, as the said Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants

respectively shall think proper; and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall, and they are hereby authorized and Militia, to be

required, at their respe3ive Subdivision Meetings, out of the Lifts which shall so from Time to Time be madcfoutJ

made out, to cause the Number of Men to be ballottfed for which shall be wanting to complete the said Sup- subdivision

P^mentary Militia. Meeting. to cause the Number wanting to be ballotted for.

IX. And be it enacted. That this A3 shall have Continuance during the present War, and no longer* Continuance of

and in every

future Year,

new Lifts of the

Men liable to

serve in the

Supplementary

FORMS referred to in the above ACT.

A.

FORM of Muster Roll and Certificates, to be transmitted by the Commanding Officers of Volunteer

Corps to the Lieutenant of the County or Place, on or before the tenth of February one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-nine, and qn or before the twenty-fourth Day of Decembert in that and every

succeeding Year.

To A. B. his Majesty’s Lieutenant for the of

MUSTER ROLL of the Persons enrolled and serving in the of Volunteeers*

commanded by

N" INamc.1 W^n. | enrolled. No. Name. VV lien enrOiled. No. When N "“ j enrolled. Ifo. i Name. When relied. No. Name. Wheti enrolled. No. Name. f When 1 enrolled.

.! a 3 4 5 6 7 S 9 to it IX *3 »4 M C. Z>. E. F. G.H. 1 1 Afay 1794. / *

Signed December 24th, 17

Commanding Officer.

Ia CER-

