5 32

Allotments for,

the Use of the,

Poor.

* \Jobn Mat-

thews, appoint-

ed by § i.J

Allotments to

the Lords and

freeholder!..

$rvm$ the

RL'ht; of his

Majtrty, EaiJ

GrolVenor, and

Sji* Thomas

Moftyn, their

Heirs and Af-

fi};r *5, to the

Minerals, in

the L inds to be

iucickd.

C.cxx. .Anno 390 & 40* Georgii III. A. D. 1800.

XXVIII. And be it further ena6fod, That the said CommifEoner* ihallfist out ahtl aMot such Part or

Parts of the said Commons, Wade Lands, and Marlhes, or either of them, and such and so many of the

Cottages or Dwellings, and Encroachments erected and made thereon untbta twenty Years before the Date

herein-after mentioned, as the said Proprietors shall require, by any Order or Orders under their Haods,

not exceeding twenty Statute Acres in the Whole, for the Purpose of lemifing, leafing, or letting out the

fame, for the Benefit and Comfort of the industrious, deserving, labouring Poor of the said Parish, for one

or,more Year or Years, and upon such Terms and Conditions as the Proprietors (hallfrom Time to Time

dire#.

-€( Allotting Race Ground to JVhitford Parish. § 29. {as under § 28. of c. cxvi.)”

XXX. And be it further enacted, That after the said Roads, Ways, and other Allotments arefet out,the

said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby directed to allot and set out unto the said Sir Thomas Moflynzs Lord

of the Manor of Mojlyn aforesaid, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, such Part or Parts of the said Commons,

Wade Lands, and Marlhes lying within the said Manor of Mo/Iyrt, as shall be equal in Value to onefif-

teenth Part thereof ((Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered), in Lieu, Satkfe&ian, and .Extinction of

his Right and Interest in the boil of the said Commons, Wade Lands, and Marshes, as Lord of the said

Manor; and in case the said T ownships of Mertyn Ucbglan, and MertynTfglan, shall he proved to he with-

in and Part of the said Manor of Holywell\ Fulhroot, and Greenfield, the said Commissioner shall and heis

hereby directed to allot and set out to the said Thomas Lord Grey de TViltony as Lord of the Manor of Ht-

IsuklL, Fulbrookf and Greenfield aforesaid, his Heirs and Assigns for eveF, such Part or Parts of the said

Commons, Waste Lands, and Marshcs, lying within the said Townships of Mertyn Ucbglan znd -Alerlyn

Jfglany as shall be equal in Value to one fifteenth Part thereof, (Quantity, Quality, and Situation

considered,) in Lieu, Satisfaction, and Extinction of his Rights an3 Interests in the Soil of the

said last-mentioned Commons, Waste Lands, and Marshes, -as Lord of the said Manor of Holywell, Fuh

brook, and Greenfield\ and shall also set out and allot unto the King’s Majesty, as Lord Paramount, His

Heirs and Successors, such Part or Parts of the said Commons, Waste Lands, and Marshes, in theRemain-

der of the said Parish of JVhitford, as shall be equal, in Value to one twentieth Past thereof, (Quantity,

'Quality, and Situation considered,) in Lieu, Satisfaction, and Extinction of his Majesty’s Right and Interest

in the Soil of the said Commons, Waste Lands, and Marshes, as Lord Paramount thereof ; but if the said

Townships of Mertyn TJchglan and Mertyn Ifglan, shall not be pi«>ved tdbe within and Part of the said Ma-

nor of Holywell, Fulhrook, and Greenfield, the said Commissioner shall in that Cafe*fct out and allot to the

King’s most Excellent Majesty such Part or Parts'of the said Commons, Waste Lands, and Marshes, as

(hrtll be equal in Value to one twentieth Part of the Whole Residue thereof, exclusive of the said.iYhoor

of Mojlyn; and then and thereafter the said Commissioner shall allot and set-out the Residue and'Rr-

mainder of the said Commons, Waste Lands, and Marshes, unto and among the several Perform, fiodies

Politick and Corporate, who are entitled to Right of Common upon the said Commons, Waste Ladds,

and Marshes, according to their respective and distin# Right of Common, and rateably and in due Pro-

portion, (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered,) to the Value of their respective Mefloages, Tene-

ments, or Lands, in respect whereof they are severally entitled to such Right oi Common as aforesaid, fudi

Value to be ascertained and fixed by the said Commissioner ; and the said Commissioner shall not, upon

any Account, or under any Pretence give any undue Preference to any of the Parties irrterefted in the fafd

Division, in their, or any of their Allotments or Shares of the Remainder of the said Commons, Waste

Lands, and Marshes, exclusive of the Allotment to be made to the King’s Majesty ; but the said Cammif-

(loner, in making the Division and Allotment thereof, shall have due Regard to the Quality, Situation, arid

Convenience, as well as Quantity of the Land to be allotted, and shall, if or as fai as the fame cancon-

neniently be done, mtfke the Allotments near to the Messuages, Tenements, or Lands they (hath belong to

respectively, and shall also set out and allot the Share or Shares of every Person respectively in onetntirc

Parcel, (where the fame can conveniently be done,) and as near to every Person’s Lands and Tenememsre-

spetSively as the fame conveniently may be.

44 Commissioner shall make an Extra# of so much of his Award as deferibes his Majesty’s Allotment,

44 and transmit the fame to the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue. § 37. {as under r. bcmi.j”

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this A# contained shall prejudices

defeat the Right or Interest of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or of the said Richard Earl Grojvensr,

or of the said Sir Thomas Mufiyn, their Heirs or Assigns, or of the said Thomas Lord Grey -de JViitony orany

Person or Persons claiming or to claim by, from, or under, or in Trust for him, them, or any of ifeem, or

any of the Ancestors of the said Richard Earl Grosvenor, Thomas Lord Grey de Wiliony or Sir Themes

Mojlyn^ in and to all Mines, Ores, Minerals, and Coals, of what Nature or Kind soever, rn or under the

said Commons, Waste LanJs, and Marshes, but his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the said Ri-

chard Kail Grosvenor, Thomas Lord Grey de IVilton, and Sir Thomas Mcfiyn% their Heirs and Assigns, aid

such other Person and Persons as aforesaid, and their Leflce or Agents, Servants, Colliers, Miners, and other

Workmen, shall and may, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, enter into, have, hold, enjoy,

Tcarch, and work all Mines and Mine Works, Pits, Holes, Beds, Veins, and other Bearings of Mines,Dm,

Minerals, and Coal whatfeever, as fully and effectually, to all Interns and Purposes as they could have had,

held, and enjoyed the fame before the pa fling of this A#, and for that Purpose shall and may ufc

all Pits, Shafts,. Levels, Soughs, and T unnels, already open and funk in any of the ,said Com-

mons, Waste Lands, and Marshes, and all Machines, Engines, and Buildings thereon - erected *or (land-

ing, together with full and free Liberty> Power, and Authority, to and for his said Majesty, his Heirs and

11 Succcliors,

