A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 22. 7.3

‘of in the of for the Year as follows, videlicet \herc infer t the De~

4 feription of the Estate and Amount of Land Tax as in the Assessment \ and where different Parcels ajfijftd in

4 different Sums are to be included in the fame Contrail, enumerate each Parcel, and the Amount of Land Tax

4 charged on each :*]

And the Consideration for the Redemption of such Land Tax, if the fame is to be transferred in Stock,

{hall be expressed as in the said first recited Act is directed; and if in Money', according to the current Price

of Stock, as in the said secondly recited Act is directed*

CAP. XXII.

An Act for extending the Time for returning Statements under an Act, passed in the

present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties imposed by an Act,

made in the last Scjfton of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prose-

cution of the Wdr; and to make more effeSuel Provision for the like Purpose, by granting

certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties $ and to amend the said Act.

[aift March 1799.]

IT WHEREAS it may be expedient to extend the Time for the Delivery of Lifts and Statements of In-

come to the respective Assessors, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the present Session of Parlia-

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-

rity of the fame. That the Period of fourteen Days for making the Return of any Lifts or Statements of

Income, or other Matters in the said Act mentioned, after Delivery of Notices for that Purpose, shall in

all Cafes where such Notices shall have been delivered previous to the passing of this Act, be and is hereby

extended until and upon the fifth Day of April one thousand (even hundred and ninety-nine $ and that every

Person who ought to make a Return of such Lifts and Statements, and who shall have omitted or shall omit

to return the fame within the Period reauired determined by the said recited Act, who, before or on the Expiration of

the said fifth Day of April as aforesaid, mall make a Return of such Lifts and Statements as by the said re*

cited Act is required, shall be and is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all Pe-

nalties and Forfeitures incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of such Omission 5 and every such Return

made within the Time limited by this Act shall be of the like Force and Effect as if the fame had been made

within the Time limited by the said recited Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any PeHon or Persons required to return any

Lifts and Statements of Income under the said recited Act to deliver under Cover, sealed up, such Part of

such Returns as relates to the Statement of the Amount of the Sum or Sums intended to be paid by such

Person or Persons in respect of the Ipcome of such Person or Persons, or of any Infant, Idiot, Lunatick,

Married Woman, or other Person, on whole Behalf such Person or Persons shall be required to return any

such Statement; which Return, under Coyer sealed up, and superferibed with a Declaration that the fame

contains the Statement of the Person or Persons whose Name or Names is or are signed thereto, shall be

delivered within the Period herein-before, or in the said Act limited, to the Assessor or Assessors to whom

such Statement ought to be delivered, according to the Directions of the said Act, and shall be as effectual

as if the same had been returned to the Assessor or Assessors in the Manner directed by the said Act; and if

any Assessor shall open, or cause, or procure, or permit, or fuller to be opened, any Cover, containing

any such Statement so delivered, sealed, and superferibed as aforesaid, or shall neglect to take such due Care

of any Statement delivered to him as aforesaid, as that any such Statement, or Cover thereto, sealed up as

aforesaid, shall be opened by any Person or Persons after the fame shall have been delivered to such Afleilbr,

and before the fame shall be delivered by such Afleilbr to the Clerk to the Commissioners for the Purposes of

the said Act, as in the said recited Act is directed, or that the fame shall not be kept so sealed as aforesaid, and

delivered, without having been in any Way opened, to the Clerk to such Commissioners as aforesaid, every

such Assessor shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of twenty

Pounds* , to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered under the said recited Act: Provided always.

That all Lifts and Returns to be made by any such Person or Persons under the said recited Act, of the

Name or Names of any Lodgers or Inmates, or any Person or Persons whatever, of whose Incomes or

Place of Residence any List or Return ought to be made, and all Notices of the Intention of such Person

to be charged to the Duties granted by the said Act at any other Place of Residence, or of being charged

thereto by any Commercial Commissioners, shall be delivered open to such Assessor or Assessors in the Man-

ner directed by the said Act. Commercial Commissiorers, to be delivered open

III. And whereas Difficulties may arise in the Execution of the said Act of the present Session of Par-

4 1 lament, respecting the Qualification of Commissioners to be chosen under the Authority of the said Act in

4 certain Places :* Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said Act as requires the Qualification, con-

lifting wholly of Personal Estate, of any Person to be aCommissioner for the Purposes of the said Act for any

City, Borough, Town, or Place in Great Britain, such City, plough, Tpwn, or Place, not being a

19 Geo. III. L County

Time for miH-

ing R e rums of

Statements, id

confluence of

Notices deli-

vered (under

§ 38, 30, of the

recited Act), be-

fore the pailing

of this A#,

extended to,

April 5.

Returns of the

Amount of In-

come, and of

intended Pay-

menu thereon,

may be deli-

vered under

Cover, sealed

up, to the Af-

ft fibre: Penalty

on AlTe/Tors

opening, or fuf-

fering the fame

to be opened,

before they are

delivered to the

Commissioners,

not exceeding

aol.

Return of

Names of

Lodgers and

others charge-

able, or of Nor

tices of being

charged else-

where, or by

to the Aflcfibrs.

Certain Qualifi-

cations in § aj

of the former

Act repealed.

Goc e

