A.D. 1799. Anno 39® & 40® Georgii III. C. ii, 12. 281

Discharge of all Annuities, Interest, and Dividends which shall have, or shall, become payable in consequence

of the said Loan of eight Millions, and of the said Loan of eleven Millions, herein-before mentioned j or

of any other Loan or Loans which shall hereafter be charged on the said Rates and Duties, by any Ad or

Acts, or for the Purchase of Publick Annuities, to the Amount of the Publick Annuities created on the said

«wo several Loans of eight Millions and eleven Millions respectively, or which may hereafter be created on

«ny other Loan or Loans as aforesaid ; and the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury now or for the

Time being, or any threoor more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are or is hereby au-

thorized and required to issue and apply the fame, either for the Services of each Year successively to the

Amount yearly as aforesaid, or to the carrying to the Account of, or to the replacing to the Consolidated

Fund, all such Monies as aforesaid, as they or he shall think most expedient and adviseable ; 3nd after ap-

plying such Part of the said Monies as shall befufEcient for the Purposes aforesaid, or reserving the fame at

the Receipt of Exchequer, to apply the Surplus of the said Monies arising from the said Rates, Af- t.

feffinents, and Duties, in Manner directed by the said first recited Act of the hft Session of Parliament. *3* § Ii0*l

CAP. XII.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of the Customs to allow, until the first Day of jipril

one thousand eight hundred, British Plantation Sugars to be warehoused ; to revive so

much of an Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

as relates to the ascertaining the average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of

Drawback on the Exportation thereof; and for allowing, until the fifth Day of May

one thousand eight hundred, certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported.

[12th October 1799.]

WHEREAS from the increased Importation of Sugar into this Kingdom in the present Year, and

from other Circumstances which have recently occurred, the Owners and Consignees thereof are

utterly unable to find an immediate Market for large Quantities now on Hand, and a further Importation to a

considerable Extent is expected; and it is therefore expedient that further Time should be given for the Pay-

ment of Duties on such Sugar imported, or to be imported into Great Britain after the passing of this Act,

for which the Duties have not already been paidMay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be en-

acted ; and be it enacted by the Ring’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

the fame, That, from and after the passing of this Act,arld until the first Day of April one thousand eight hundred,

if shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs for the Time being, in England and Scotland respect-

ively, to take Bond to his Majesty from the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or

Consignees, of any British Plantation Sugar* for the Payment of the Duties chargeable upon any such Sugar

imported into any Port in Great Britain, at any Time after the passing of this Act, or upon any such Sugar

in respect whereof such Duties shall not have been paid before the passing of this Act; and all Sugars so

bonded as aforesaid shall be lodged and secured at the foie Expence ox the Importer or Importers, Proprietor

or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees thereof, under the joint Locks of his Majesty and such Importer

or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees thereof, in such Warehoule or YVare-

houses as shall be fit for that Purpose, and shall be approved of by the said Commissioners of the Customs

in England or Scotland, as the Cafe may be ; and such Sugars shall not be delivered, cleared, or taken from

any such Warehouse, unless or until the full Duties due and payable thereon shall be first paid to the proper

Officer of the Customs; and if the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Con-

signeesof such Sugar shall omit, neglect, or refuse to pay and satisfy all the Duties due and payable in re-

sped of such Sugar within six Months from the Date of any Bond given under this Act for the Payment of

the Duties upon such Sugar as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs in England

and Scotland respectively, at the Expiration of such Period as aforesaid, to cause such Sugar to be publickiy

sold to the best Bidder, at such Places as the said Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland i;e-

spectively shall think proper, and out of the Proceeds of such Sale to satisfy such Duties, together with all

such Expences as shall havearifen relating to any such Sugar; and the Overplus (if any be) shall he paid to

the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of such Sugar, or such other

Person or Persons as shall be authorized to receive the same.

II. 4 And whereas by an Act passed in the ldft Session of Parliament for granting to his Majesty certain 39Gt0 3-c*^3-

4 additional Duties on Sugar imported and exported, and on Coffee exported, amf for reducing the Draw-

4 backs allowed on the Exportation of Sugar, certain Provisions of an Act pasted in the thirty-iecond Year

4 of the Reign of his present Majesty, for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the

4 Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and for other Purposes, as far as the fame related to the ascertaining

4 the average Price of Sugar, in Manner in the said Act mentioned, or of regulating the AJowanceuf

4 Drawback,or the Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, was repealed : And whereas it

4 is expedient that the full Drawback and Bounty directed to be withheld by an Act of the thirty sixth Year

4 of the Reign of his present Majesty, and by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, should be allowed in

4 certain Cafes: And whereas it thereby becomes necessary that the several Provisions of the said Act of the

4 thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as far as the fame relate to the ascertaining the

4 average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback, of the Payment of Bounty on the c

* Exportation of Sugar, should be revived;’ be it therefore enacted, Th*t, from and a'Ler the passing of »‘tiras rrui

59 &4oG£Q. III. SJv thlfe to ascertaining

UntH April r,

1F00, the Com-

ovfTioaiers of

Customs may

take Bond for

the Duties on

British Planta-

tion Suear im-

ported into

Great Britain;

which Sugars

Hull be ware-

housed, and if

the Duticsare

not paid within

six Months, it

ruay.be fold.

Cca. 3. c.43.

h 7J

3'-Geo. 3. c. 2?.

