A.D. i8oc-= Anno 39® 8c 40* Georgii III. C.lxxxiii—lxxxvi.

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act. for veiling Part of the Personal Elhte of Robert Child Esquire, deceased, in the Purchase of an Ef-

tate, situate near Ojlerley Park, in the County oi Middlesex, to be settled upon the Trusts* and for the

Purposes therein mentioned. [20th June 1800.]

Cap. Ixxxiv.

An Act for vesting the Settled Estates of Sir Clement Cottrell Dormer, which were devised by the Will of

William Phillips Lee Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in

the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, and for other Purposes.

[20th June 1800.]

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Watte Lands, within the Parish of

Llanfwrog, in the County of Denbigh. [20th June 1800. J

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadowsi

Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Walton upon-Thames, and the

Manor of Walton Leigh, in the County of Surrey* • [20th June 1800.]

* tl 7 HERE AS there are certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Pari (h of

4 VV Walton-upon-Thames, in the County of Surrey ; and also divers Commons and Waste Lands within

4 or belonging to the several Manors of Walton-upon-Thames, Walton Leigh, Redlory of Walton-utoon-

4 Thames, Mbulfey Math am, and Sandon, in the said Parish of Walton-upon-Thames, and in the.Parish of

4 Chertsey, in the said County of Surrey; but the Parts or Proportions of the said Commons and Waste

* Lands, belonging to the said several Manors are unknown, or lie intermixed and open to each other : And

*4 whereas the King’s most Excellent Majesty, in Right of his Crown, is Lord of the said Manor of Walton

* Leigh, in the said several Parishes of Walton-upon-Thames and Chertsey, subje£t to a certain Grantor

* Lease thereof, now vested in his Royal Highness Frederick Duke of liork, and in Richard Palmer DoAor

4 in Divinity ; and the said Duke of York and Richard Palmer are Lords of the said Manor of Walton-

4 upon-Thames, in the said several Parishes of Walton-upon-Thames and Chertsey ; Satah D’Oyly Widow is

4 Lady of the said Manor of the Reilory of Walton-upon-Thames, in the said Parish of Walton-upon-Thames \

4 Sir John Frederick Baronet is Lord of the said Manor of Sandon; Sir Beaumont Hotham Knight and

4 Thomas Sutton Esquire are Lords of the said Manor of Moulfey Matham, Parts of which two last-men-

4 tioned Manors extend into the said Parish of Walton-upon-Thames \ and the Right Honourable 'George

4 Carpenter Earl of Tyrconnel, in the Kingdom of Ireland, is Lord of the Manor of Herjham, otherwise

4 Waterville EJ))er with Herjham, a Part of which Manor is by him claimed to extend into the said Parish

4 of Walton-upon-Thames: And whereas the said Sarah D'Oyly is Owner of the Redlory Impropriate of

4 Walton-upon-Thames aforesaid, and as such is seised of and entitled unto all the Tythes, both Great and

4 Small, growing, arising, or renewing^ within the Parish of Walton-upon-Thames aforesaid, and to

4 Open and Glebe Land there, and Right of Common in respect thereof, and his said Majesty is Patron

4 of the Vicarage of Walton-upon-Thames aforesaid, and the Reverend Thomas D'Oyly Clerk is Vicar there-

4 of, and as such is entitled to a Vicarage House and Right of Common in Walton-upon-Thames aforesaid,

4 and to the yearly Sum of twelve Pounds from the Redlory Impropriate of Walton-upon-Thames aforesaid,

4 now belonging to the said Sarah D'Oyly, and which is now paid by the said Sarah D'Oyly out of the Rec-

4 tory Impropriate aforesaid ; and the Great Tythes growing, arising, or renewing within so much of the

4 said Manor of Walton Lei^h as is situate in the Parish of Chertsey aforesaid, belong to Sir Joseph Maw-

4 Baronet, an^ Jacob Henry Franks Esquire, or one of them : And whereas his said Majesty (f'ubje<3

4 to certain grants or Leales heretofore made and now subsisting) and his said Royal Highness Frederick

4 Duke of York, the said John Frederick, Sir Beaumont Hotham, and Thomas Sutton, the said Richard

4 Palmer and Sarah D'Oyly, the Right Honourable Charles Earl o{ Tankerville, the Honourable Francis

4 Pelham, Sir Henry Fletcher Baronet, Edward Peppin, John Kemeys Tynte, Robert Hibbert, Richard

4 North, Edmund Boehm, and Milnes Lowndes Esquires, and several otherjPersons, are Owners and Pro-

4 prietors of the said Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and of divers Messuages, Cottages,

4 Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said several Manors, in the said Parishes of Walton-

4 upon-Thames and Chertsey, and in respect thereof, or otherwif.*, are entitled to Right of Common upon the

4 said Commons and Waste Lands : And whereas the Lands and Grounds of the respective Proprietors in

4 the said Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and

4 the fame, and also the said Commons and Waste Lands, in their present State are incapable of much

4 Improvement; and it would be of great Advantage to the several Persons interested, if the said Open

4 Common Fields were divided and inclosed, and the said Meadows and Pastures divided, and specifick

4 Parts allotted to the several Proprietors thereof, in Proportion to their respective Property therein ; and if

4 the said Commons and Waste Lands were divided and inclosed, and specifick Pa^ts allotted to the several

4 Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights ; and if Allotments were made in lieu of the

4 Tythes of the said Open Common h ields. Meadows, and Pastures, and Commons and Waste Lands, in

4 Manner hereinafter mentioned: But such Division, Inclosure, and Allotment cannot be established

3 T 2 4 without

