$22

Masters of in-

ward or out-

ward bound

Ships rd'uling

Pilots, shall pay

the Pilotage.

OyW“rd-fcoon4-.

Ships to be pi-

loted to a Dif-

tance to be

settled by Com-

missioners.

Places to which

inwaid hound

Ships are to be

piloted.

Matters forcibly

taking away

Piloti to pay

them Mate's

Wa^es, and

Hobler* Forc-

nuft Men’s

Wages.

C.cvli.- Anno 39* & 40® Georoti IIT. A. D, 1800.

4 to the said PortersTor thePoiterage of any Goods or Merchandize to or from any Ships or Vessels as afore-

4 faid/ be it further enacted, That no greater Rates shall be demanded or taken by any such River Pilots,

River Hoblers, or Porters, than what shall be from Time to Time ascertained, fixed, and settled by the

said Commissioners at any of their Meetings ; and it shall be lawful for the said Cornmrflioners, and thfcy are

hereby, authorized and empowered, at any of their Meetings, to ascertain, fix* and settle the proper Rates

for the fame ; notwithstanding which all Persons shall be at Liberty to employ their Servants, Workmen,

Horses, and Carriages in the Carriage of their Goods and Merchandize to and from any Ship or- Vessel in

the said Harbour, at their own proper Risk and Costs*

44 Commissioners may V2ry and proportion the Rates of Pilotage. § 14. Rewards for Pilots, &c. assisting

44 Ships in Distress, to be C ttled by Commissioners* Additional Pilotage for piloting extra Distance.

4,4 $ 15. (See § 20. cf c* x. of this Session.)”

XVI. And be it further enacted. That in case the Matter or Commander of any Ship or Vessel which

shall be outward-bound, and about to proceed out of the said Port or Harbour and River of Neath, or which

/ball be inward-bound, shall refuse to take on board and employ one of the said.River Pilots who shall of-

fer his Service, (except such Ships or Vessels as are employed in the Limestone Trade or other Coasting

Trade, not exceeding the Burthen or Tonnage of thirty Tons by Admeasurement as aforesaid, with respe&to

Limeitone and Manure, and not exceeding.theBurthtn or Tonnage of twenty Tons, with respect to any other

Trade,) such Matter or Commander shall pay or cause to be paid to the River Pilot who first or who only

(lull otter his Service as aforesaid, and shall be so refused, the full Pilotage which such Matter or Commander

would have been subject or liable to pay by virtue of this Act, if the said Pilot had been received and em-

ployed in conducing or piloting such Ship or Vessel into or out of the said Port or Harbour and River of

Neath, together with the Expences to be incurred in the Recovery of the fame.

€i Pilots leading the Way in any Vessel to be entitled to Half Pilotage. § 17. Ships forced back after part-

4i ing with Pilots, and piloted out again, to pay not exceeding one Half of the Rates. § 18. (See i 2y. of

44 c. x.)”

XIX. And be it further entfted, That every such River Pilot as aforesaid, who shall take upon himself

the Charge of any Ship or Vessel about to fail out of the said Port or Harbour and River of Neath, shall

and is hereby required to take Charge of such Ship or Vessel at her Moorings in the Dock, or by the Quay,

Wharf, or ocher Place within the said Port or Harbour and River, and to condudi or pilot such Ship or

Vessel about to fail out of the said Port'or Harbour and River, so far out to Sea as shall be directed by the

fard Gomrnifiioners in their Orders; and if any such River Pilot or Hohler, after he is engaged to serve;

shall presume to quit any Ship or Vessel without the Consent of the Matter or Commander of every such

Ship or Vessel, until (he shall have cleared the said Bar of Neath, such Pilot and Hobler shall forfeit the Pi-

lotage and Hobling which, on their duly performing their Duty, they would have been entitled unto; and

on being lawfully convicted of so quitting any Ship or Vessel, every such Offender shall, for every fetch Of-

fence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds and not left than five Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted. That every such River Pilot and Hobler as aforesaid, who shall pilot, or

conduct and aflifl: any such Ship or Vessel into the said Port or Harbour and River of Neathy shall and is

hereby required to take the fame as high in the River of the said Port or Harbour as Neath Bridge, if the said

Matter or Commander shall require, or to such other Place of Delivery below the said Bridge, within the said

Port or Harbour, as the Mattcrof such Ship or Vcflftl shall require ; but if the Tide will not allow thereof, then

to moor her in a proper Situation in the said Port or Harbour, without being.paid any other Rate than such as

shall be fixed and settled upon by the said Commissioners to be paid for piloting and assisting such Ship or

Vessel into the said Port or Harbour and River; and in case the Attendance of any such Pilot or Hobler

shall be required to take Care of such Ship or Vessel from such first Mooring, and to conduct her to her

Place of Delivery, the Pilot and Hobler that shall have brought and assisted the said Ship or Vessel to such

Mooring, or some other of the said River Pilots and Hoblers, to be by the said Pilot or the said Matter pro-

cured, shall attend and shall be paid for unmooring, transportrng, and removing such Ship or Vessel ather de-

livering Birth within the said Port or Harbour anJ River, according to the Discretion of the said Commis-

lioners, by a Rate to be fixed by thorn for that Purpose.

<4 Persons liable to Pilotage, (jj under § 27 of Cap. x.) § 21. On Non-payment of Rate, Commissioners

<4 may distrain. § 22.”

XXIII. c And whereas it may happen that some of the said River Pilots and Hoblers may be unavoidably,

4 through Stress of Weather or forcibly, carr ied to Sea beyond the Limits for Pilotage to be prescribed by the

4 said Com mi (Goners/ be it therefore enacted, ITiat the Matter or Commander of any Ship or Vessel on

board of which any such Pilot or Hobler shall be forcibly or through Stress of Weather unavoidably carried

to Sea beyond such Limits, shall pay to such River Pilot, for the Time he shall be detained on-board after

passing the said Limits, the fame Wages as shall be payable by the said Matter or Commander to the Mate

of such Ship or Vessel, and to every such Hobler the fame Wages as shall be payable to the Foremaft Men

of such Ship or Vessel, over and above the Rate of Pilotage and Hobling which they shall be entitled unto as

Pilot of such Ship or Vessel, or assisting the fame; and in case of anyrfuch Pilot or Hobler being forcibly car-

ried to Sea beyond the Limits, otherwise than through Stress of Weather, or for some other sufficient Rca-

son to be judged of by the said Commissioners, such Matter or Commander shall also forfeit and pay any

Sum, not exceeding ten Pounds. .

, 5^ XXVII. And

Goooole

