198 C. 106, 107. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.'

Allowance cut

of the Poor

Rates.

Ju dices dial I

examine the

Accounts of

Money paid by

Overseers for

such additional

Allowances, and

make Order for

Receiver Gene-

ral to repay the

feme.

Continuance of

*a.

Parliament as aforesaid, by the like Order of some such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, out of the Rates

made for the Relief of the Poor, to be entitled unto, and the Overseer or Overseers of the Parish or Place

where such Wife or Family shall dwell shall pay to such Wife or Family the following additional Allow-

ance * that is to say, the Sum of eight Pence for each and every Child born in Wedlock, and under the

Age of ten Years ; and the Sum of eight Pence for the Wife of any such Militia Sei jeant, Corporal, or

Private Man as aforesaid, whether he shall or shall not have any Child or Children; and such additional Al-

lowance shall be payable and paid out of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of such Parish, Tything, or

Place, and shall be reimbursed to such Overseer or Overseers in Manner herein-after mentioned.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted. That when any Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of any Parish,

Ty thing, or Place, (bail* before the passing of this Act, have advanced any Sum or Sums of Money under such

Order of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury as aforesaid, and such Sum or Sums of Money

shall not have been reimbursed to such Overseer or Overseers in Manner in the said Order directed; or

when any Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Tything, or Place shall, after the passing of

this Act, pay any Sum or Sums of Money under ana by virtue of this Act, for or towards any such addi-

tional Allowance as aforesaid, that then and in all such Cafes it shall be lawful for any two Justices of the

Peace of the County, Riding, or Place, where such Payment shall have been made, and they are hereby

required, within fourteen Days after the passing of this Act, as to all such Payments as shall have been made

before the passing thereof, and once in every Quarter of a Year, as to all such Payments as shall be made

after the passing of this Act, to enquire into and examine the Account of Monies so paid as aforesaid, at

the Request and on the Oath or solemn Affirmation of such Overseer or Overseers, and thereupon shall

allow all such Payments as shall appear to such Justice to have actually been made for and on Account of

such additional extra Allowances, and shall thereupon forthwith make an Order for the Receiver General

of the County, Riding, or Place, in which the Family, to which such additional Allowance shall have

been paid, shall re fide, to pay the Sum allowed by them in such Account out of any Monies in the Hands

of such Receiver General arising from any Duties receivable by him as such Receiver General; and such

Receiver General, or his Deputy, shall, and they are hereby respectively required to pay the Sum so allowed

in such Account as aforesaid, or to remit the fame within fourteen Days after the Receipt of such Order to

the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Tything, or Place, from which such Order shall have been trans-

mitted to him ; and such Order, certifying the Amount allowed in such Account, shall be a sufficient

Discharge to such Receiver General for Payment of such Sum of- Money 5 and all such Sums of Money

so paid by such Receiver General as aforesaid shall be reimbursed to such Receiver General out of the Sums

voted for the Extraordinaries of the Army.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That so much of this Act as relates to the Number of Men to serve

in the Militia for that Part of Great Britain called England, shall remain and be in Force during the Con-

tinuance of the War, and for six Months after the Conclusion of a General Peace, and no longer*

CAP. CVII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange and

Promissory Notes for Small Sums of Money—[12th July 1799.]

1 Most Gracious Sovereign,

* \ Ifyour Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

* V y assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s Publick Expences, and

4 making a permanent Addition to the Publick Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and

4 grant unto your Majesty the Duties herein-after mentioned ; and do moil humbly beseech your Majesty

* that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

From Dec. j, by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of Detetnber one thousand seven hundred

1799, certain and ninetjr-nine, there shall be charged, assessed, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, through-

stamp Duties out the Kingdom of Great Britain, the several Duties herein-after mentioned : (that is to say,)

to be pud on * ' '

Bill > oi Exchange and Promissory Notes for small Sums, viz.

On all I ills of

Exchange,

Notti, &c. for

11, or il. is.—

ad. $ for 5s.—

On Promissory

Notes payable at

die Place where

issued and re-

issuable, a like

Duty of id. and

Id.

For and upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any

Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, whether payable on Demand or other-

wife, shall be engrossed, written, or printed, where the Sum expressed therein or made payable thereby

shall be for one Pound, and one Pound and one Shilling each, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of

two Pence *, and where the Sum expressed therein or made payable thereby shall be five Shillings, as herein-

after mentioned, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of one Halfpenny:

For and upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which

any PromifLry Note or other Note for the Payment of Money to the Bearer on Demand, which by the

Tenor thereof is payable only at the Place where the fame was first iflited, and which may be re-ilfuable

from Time to l ime after Payment at that Place, shall be engrossed, written* or printed, where the Sum

expressed therein or made payable thereby shall be for one Pound,or one Pound and one Shilling, there

shall charged a Stamp Duty of two Pence; and where the Sum expressed therein or made payable

thereby shall be five Shillings, as herein-after mentioned, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of one

Halfpenny:

Digitii , by

