A.D. 1800^

Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III.

C. viii-——x. 477

Cap. viii.

An Act for increasing the Tolls authorized to betaken on the Road leading from Sevenoaks Common to

the Market House in Tunbridge Town, by an Act passed in the thirty third Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty V for repairing the Road leading from Sevenoaks Common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge

fVells% and Kipping9s Cross, in the County of Kent, and from Tunbridge /Veils to Woodsgate afmefaid.

. [75th March 1800.]

Cap. ix.

An Act to continue, for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia-

ment, the Term, and alter the Powers, of two Acts, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty, and the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty *, for amending the Roads leading from

the Village of Milford, in the County of Surrey, through Petworth, to the 1 of of Dunckton Hill, and

from Petworth to Stopbam Bridge, in the County of Sussex. [25th March 1800.]

Cap. x.

An Act for the Appointment and Regulation of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and

Vessels into and out of the Port of Kingston'Upon-Hull; and for ascertaining the Salvage

for Anchors, Cables, and other Ships1 Materials, found in the River Humber; and for

the better ascertaining the Tonnage of Ballast Lighters employed at the said Port.

[4th April 1800.]

t TX7 HEREAS the Corporation of Wardens, Elder Brethren, and Assistants of the Guild or Brother-

x VV hood of The Trinity House of Kingston- upon- Hull, have for a long Period of Years, by Usage, as

4 well as by virtue of Letters Patent or Charters granted to them by the Crown, exercised the Power of

€ appointing Pilots to conduCI Ships and Vessels from the River Humber to cross the Seas, or to pass from

c the said River Humber beyond Flamborough Head Northward and Wintertonnefs Southward; but they are

not inverted with sufficient Powers to prevent other Persons from acting as Pilots within the said Limits:

€ And whereas it would greatly tend to the Safety of Ships and Vessels failing <^r trading from and to the

c Port of Kingston-ugon-Hull, if effectual Powers were given for appointing and regulating of Pilots for

€ conducting of such Ships and Vessels between the said Port and the Sea, and for a small Distance out at Sea;

c and for preventing Persons not so appointed, from acting as Pilots of any such Ships and Vessels, or of any

Ships or Vessels destined from the said Port to cross the Seas, or to pass beyond Flamborough Head North-

^ ward, or IVintertonnefs Southward; and aI(o for settling and ascertaining the Salvage for Anchors, Cables,

and other Ships* Materials, found in the said River Humber; and for the better ascertaining the Tonnage of

c Ballast Lighters employed at the said PortMay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted;

and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

lame. That it shall be lawful for the Wardens, Elder Brethren, and Assistants of the said Trinity House, and

they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, by Writing under their Common Seal, to

license and appoint such Persons as they shall, upon Examination touching their Skill and Abilities, approve

of and think properly qualified for that Purpose, to be Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into and

out of the Port of Kingston^upon-Hull aforesaid, and upon any Part of the River Humber below the said Port,

^and so far out at Sea as to bring the Northnefs of Dimlington on the Coast of Holderness to bear or be seen a

sufficient Distance clear or open of the Land to the Southward thereof, foas to pass clear of the New Sand

and the Persons so licensed shall for the Purposes of this Act be called River Pilots: and if any Perfyn, with-

out having such Licence to aCfc as a River Pilot as aforesaid, {hall, after the Expiration of one Calendar

Month from the passing of this Act, take upon himself to conduct or pilot any Ship or Vessel into or out of the

said Port, or at any Place between the said Port and the Place at Sea where the said Northnefs of Dimlington

bears as aforesaid; or if any Person, other that) such as shall have been examined and declared by the said

Wardens, Elder Brethren, and Assistants, under their Common Seal, to be properly qualified and capable

of conducting Ships-and Vessels as a Pilot at Sea, shall, after the Expiration of the said one Calendar Month

from the passing of this Act, take upon himself to act as Pilot of any Ship or Velici destined on a Voyage

from the said Port of Kingjlan-upon-Hull, in conducting such Ship or Vessel from the Place near the Entrance

of the said River Humber, where the said Northnefs of Dimlington bears as aforesaid, to cross the Seas, or to

pass from Flamborough Head Northward, or IF inter tonnefs Southward; every such Person shall respectively

forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to oblige the Mafhr or other Person

having the Command of any Ship on Vessel outward-bound, after (he has been piloted out of the said River

Hutnber to Sea, to employ or make use of any Pilot to conduCt such Ship or Vessel to cross or pass further out

at Sea; or to oblige the Matter or other Person having the Command of any Ship or VdTd in the Coal

Trade, or other Coasting Trade, whether laden or in Ballast, or of any British Ship or Vessel of less than (ix

Feet Draught of Water, or of any Ship or Vessel coming into any of the Roadsteads within the said River

Humber for the Purpose of Shelter, or of obtaining Stores or srovisions only, to employ or make use of any

Pilot; nQr to preventor hinder any Owner, Part Owner, Matter, or Mate of, or any Person belonging to»

any Ship or Vessel inward- bound, from conducting or piloting the Ship or Vessel to which he shall belong*

9 into

f£* 183]

*[;oGeo. u

c. 50.

5 Geo. 3.6, 57.]

Trinity House

of Kingtton.

upon-Hull em«

powered to li«

cenfc Pilots.

Penalty on act.

ing as Pilots

without Licence

not exceeding

aol.

Certain Vessels

may be piloted

by the Matters*

&x.

