35^ C. 66. Anno 39* 6c 40* Georgii III. A.D. iSoo.

profccuteto Conviction, every such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid ; and toother Half thereof shall go

and be applied for the better carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act, either in rewarding, with any

Proportion thereof, any lnspector or Inspectors of Raw Hides and Skins, acting in the District within

which any such Penalties shall have been incurred, or in the paying any Juchr Charges or Expencesas have

arisen in establishing any such Place or Places for the Inspection of Raw Hides and Skins as aforesaid, or for

any Purpose relating to the Care, Improvement, or continuing of any such Place or Places, in such Pro-

portion, and in such Ways, and towards such of the said last-mentioned Purposes, as the Person or Persons

appointing any such Place or Places, to whom such last mentioned Moiety, when recovered, shall be paid

for the Purposes herein mentioned, shall, with the Approbation and Consent of any fix or more, or in case

of any Difference of Opinion, of the Majority of the Persons dealing in the Manufactory of Leather, (not

being Journeymen or Apprentices, or Persons working with or for any Master Currier or Manufacturer of

Leather for Hire,) who shall deliver their Opinions in Writing to such Person or Persons in Manner

[* S" § 3*1 herein-before directed * with respect to the Recommendation of any Inspector or Infpcdors, direct; and if

any Person or Persons, to whom any such Moiety of any such Penalties or Forfeitures shall be paid for the

Purposes, aforesaid, shall misapply such Monies, or neglect or refuse to apply the fame to the Purposes of this

Ad, in Manner herein-before directed, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit double the Sum so retained

or misapplied as aforesaid, to be sued for, recovered, and applied as any Penalty, by this Act imposed, may

be sued for, recovered, and applied.

XV. And be it further enacted. That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to

the Cities of London or Westminster, or the Borough of Southwark, or any of the Liberties thereof, or to any

Place or Places within fifteen Miles of the Royal Exchange of the said City of London.

ABt not to ex-

tend to London,

Westminster,

Southwark, or

any Place within 15 Miles of the Royal Exchange,

'Penalties reco-

verable before

one Magistrate

by Distress and

Sale; and for

Default of

Distress the Of-

fender to suffer

not exceeding

one Month’s

Imprisonment.

Persons ag-

grieved by any

Judgment,

where the Pe-

nalty exceeds

10s. may ap-

peal to the

Sessions.

No Certiorari

allowed.

Information for

Offences to be

laid within three

1'ays after com-

mitted.

Convictions

may be made in

the following

Form,

Conviction to

be filed.

Pablick A

XVI. And be it further enacted. That every Penalty and Forfeiture imposed by this A St shall and may

be recoverable before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Division, or

any Magistrate or Magistrates of a&y City, Town Corporate, Borough, Liberty, or Jurisdiction or Place

where the Offence shall be committed, upon Conviction or Confession of the Party, or on the Oath of one or

more credible Witnefsor Witnesses, and such Penalty and Forfeiture shall be levied by Warrant under the

Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, Magistrate or Magistrates, by Distress and

Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending, and in case such Distress cannot be

found, and such Penalty and Forfeiture and the said Costs and Charges shall not be forthwith paid, it shall

and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices, Magistrate or Magistrates, and he and they is and are hereby

authorized and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit

such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County or Place where the

Offence shall be committed, for any Time not exceeding one Month, until the said Penalty and Forfeiture,

and Costs and Charges, shall respectively be sooner paid and satisfied.

XVII. Provided always. That in case any Person or Persons shall find himfclfor themselves aggrieved by

the Judgment of any such Justice or Justices, Magistrate or Magistrates, in any Cafe where the Penalty ad-

judged shall exceed the bum of ten Shillings, then he or they shall or may, upon giving Security to the

Amount of the Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with such Costs as shall be awarded in case

such Judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices at the netft General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace

for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place as aforesaid, who are hereby empowered

finally to hear and determine the fame, arid in case-the Judgment of such Justice or Justices shall be affirm-

ed, it shall be lawful for such Justices at their General or Quarter Sessions as aforesaid, to award the Person

or Persons to pay such Costs occufioned by such Appeal as to them shall seem meet \ and no such Judgment

or Conviction shall be removable by Certiorari into any Court whatsoever.

1 XVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Information for any Offence committed against this A St

shall be laid before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, Magistrate or Magistrates, within three

Day^ after the said Offence has been committed, and that other wile such Information shall be of no

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every such Conviction before one or more Justice or Justices, may

be made in the Form following ; to wit,

c gE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year yf, B. was, upon the

Complaint of C. ZX, convicted before of the Justices of the Peace for the said County of

« for c^e Riding or Divifionof the said County of or, for the said City, Libeity, DistriCfc, or

Town of (as the Cafe foall happen tobe,)J in pursuance of an Act, pasted in the fortieth Year of the

Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, for (<?r, as the Cafe may be). Given under Hand

4 and Seal, the Day and Year above written.’

Which ConviCfion shall be certified to the next General Quarter Sessions, there to be filed amongst the

Records of the County, Riding, or Division.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick" A Cl; and shall

be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, and all other Persons whomsoever, without specially

pleading the same.

CAP.

y

