Debts due by

Persons under

Age for Necef-

farics may be re-

covered*

ftervantf,

thopgti tinder

Age, may re-

cover Wages,

Attomfes, fee,

subject to the

Precedes of the

Court.

This A A not to

extend to cer-

tain Debts.

Verdins in any

other Court for

Debts recover-

able in the

Court of Re-

cjuefts not enti-

tled to Costs;

but if Verdict

He given for the

Defendant, and

the Judge shall

certify that the

Debt ought to

have been sued f<

Nothing herein

to prevent Per-

fons fresh reco-

vering Rents

by Distrtfs, Arc.

Statute cf Li-

mitations rmy

be pleaded,

Time of Impri-

fonment of

Debtors limited.

[Sre § 16, 17.J

The Time of

I mpri fonment

shall extend fc-

f lately and

iuccc flivdy

G. civ. Anno 39* & .40* Georgii HD A.D. 1800.

of Requests, whereby he, (he, or they shall commit any wilful or corrupt Perjury, or be guilty of wilfW and

false affirming, and thereof be duly convicted according to Law, then every such Person or Persons shall in*

cur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties as any other Person or Persons convicted of wilful Perjury, ac-

cording to the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

IX. 4 And whereas Difficulties frequently arise in the Recovery of Debts in the said Court of Requests,

4 in such Cafes as are next herein-after mentioned, by reason of Infancy :* be it therefore enacted. That in

every Cafe where a Debt not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds shall bie contfafted for Necessaries by any

Person under the Age of twenty-one Years, and refuting or inhabiting, or employed as Clerk, Book Keeper,

Journeyman, Shopman, or Labourer, or otherwise seeking a Livelihood within the City of London or the

Liberties thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons to whom such Debt shall be due to sue for and

recover such Debt in the said Court of Requests, in the same Manner as if the Person by whom the dune

shall be contracted were of full Age; and that in every Cafe where any Wages, not exceeding the Sum of

five Pounds, shall be due to any menial or other Servant under the Age of twenty-one Years, it shall be

lawful for such Servant to sue for and recover such Debt in the said Court of Requests in the same Manner

as if he or she were of full Age; and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby futty

authorized and required, in such Cafes, to take Cognizance of and proceed concerning such Debts in the

same Manner, and shall have such and the fame Powers, in regard thereto, as if the Plaintiffs and Defend-

ants were all of full Age.

X. And be itTurther enacted, That no Privilege shall be allowed to exempt any Person from the Juris-

diction of the said Court of Requests# on account of his being an Attorney er Solicitor, or any other Offi-

cer of any of the Courts of La\v or Equity at Wtflminfiery or of any other Court whatsoever; but that all

Attornies, Solicitors, and Officers shall be subject to the iieveral Processes, Orders, Judgments, and Execu-

tions of the said Court of Requests, in the same Manner as any other Persons are subject to the fame by the

said recited Acts and this Act or any of them.

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not

extend to any Debt where any Title of Freeholdor Lease for Years of any Lands or Tenements shall come

in question, or to any Debt by Specialty, which shall not be for Payment of a Sum certain, nor to any

other Debt that shall arise by reason of any Cause concerning Teshment or Matrimony, or any Thing

concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Court, albeit the fame respectively shall not exceed

five Pounds ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. An^ be it further enacted. That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced in any other Court than

the said Court of Requests, for any Debt not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds, and recoverable by virtue

of the said recited Acts, and of this A&, or any of them, in the said Court of Requests, then and in every

such Cafe the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit shall not, by reason of a Verdict for him, her, or*

them, or otherwise, have or be entitled to any Costs whatsoever ; and if the Verdict shall be given for the

Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, and the Judge or Judges before whom the fame shall be

tried or heard, shall think fit to certify that such Debt ought to have lieen recovered in the said Court of Re-

qoefts, then and so often such Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs, and shall have such Re-

medy for recovering the fame as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs in any

Cafes by Law.

r in the Court of Rtqucfts, lie fljalt have Double Costs.

XIII. Prov ided always. That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevest

or reitrain any Person or Persons from making Distress, or bringing any Action or Actions whatsoever for

Rent, and thereby recovering such Rent with Costs, although the fame Rent should not exceed the Sum of

five Pounds.

XiV. 1 And, for removing all Doubts, whether the Statute of Limitations may be pleaded in the (kid

4 Court of Requests,’ it is hereby further enacted and declared, That Defendants in that Court shall be al-

lowed to plead or claim the Benefit of any Statute of Limitations now in being, or hereafter to be made*,

and every such Defendant so pleading or claiming, shall have and receive such and the like Advantage and

Relief thereby as such Defendant would have been entitled to in case this Act had not been made, and be

or (he had been sued for the fame Debt, or other Cause of Action, in any of his Majesty’s Courts at IVefl*

minster, or any other Court, and had there pleaded such Statute in Bar to the Action or Suit.

XV. And be it further enacted. That no Person or Persons whosoever, being a Debtor or Debtors, De-

fendant or Defendants, and who shall be committed to any Gaol or Prison by Order of the said Court of

^Requests, shall be kept or continued in Custody on any Pretence whatsoever (except in the Cafes herein-

after otherwise provided for) for any longer Space or Spaces of Time, from the Time of his, her# or their

Commitment to Prison, than is or are next herein-after limited in that Behalf; (that is to say,) where the

Debt (exclusive of Costs) does not exceed twenty Shillings, then he, (he, or they shall Pot be kept or conti-

nued in Custody for more than twenty Days ; and where the Debt (exclusive of Costs) does not exceed the

Sum of forty Shillings, then not more than forty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Costs) does not

exceed the Sum of three Pounds, then not more than sixty Days ; and where the Debt (exclusive of Costs)

does not exceed five Pounds, then not more than one hundred Days from the Time of such his, her, or their

Commitment ; and all Gaolers [and Keepers of Prisons are hereby directed and required to discharge such

Persons accordingly.

XVI. 4 And whereas, fmee the Limitation of the Time of Imprisonment for Small Debts, some idle and

4 ill-disposed Persons have been in the Habit of contracting numerous Small Debts# and upon being proceeded

4 against in the said Cojjt of Requests in respect thereof have suffered Judgment to pass against them therein,

4 and by fecreiing thcmkives baye avoided being taken into Custody until many Executions have issued in the

4 &id

Goc e

1

