5io C lxxxvi, lxxxvii. Anno 390 8c 4b® Georgii III. A. E). iSoo.

Lords of tho Highness Frederick Duke of Tor}?, the said Richard Palmer, Sarah D90y,. Sir John Frederick, Sir Beau-

Manor*. mQnt j-[Qtharn^ anu7homas Sutton, or of any or either of them, or of any other Person or Persons who shall

respectively for the Time being be Lord or Lords of any Manor or Manors, Lordship or Lordships, or re-

puted Manors or Lordships within the Jurjfdictions or Limits whereof the said Open Arable Fields and

Meadows, Commons and Waste Lands hereby directed to be inclosed, or any Part thereof respectively, are

comprised, of, in, or to the Seigniory or Royalties incident and belonging to such Manors or Lordships,or

. any of them; but that his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and such other Lord or Lords for the

Time being, shall and may at all Times hereafter hold and enjoy the fame, and all Rights and Services,

Courts, Pe'rquifites, and Profits of Courts, Franchises, Privileges, Waifs, Estrays, and all other Royalties,

Rights, and Appurtenances to such Manors or Lordships reipedlively incident or belonging, (other than

those which are intended to be barred and destroyed by this A&,) in as full, ample, extensive, and benefi-

cial a Manner, as they respecfively could or might have held and enjoyed the fame in case this Act had not

been made.

44 General Saving. $ 83* ^ublick A& §

Cap. lxxxvii.

An for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, and

Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parishes of Byfieet and fVeybridge^ and

Manor of Byfleit with its Members, in the County of Surrey. [20th June 1S00.] '

WHEREAS there 3re certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Parishes

of Byfieet and tFeybridgey and Manor of Bvfleet, with its Members in the County of Surrey, and

also divers Commons ana Waste Lands in the said Parishes and Manor; but the Parts and Proportions

thereof belonging to the respective Parishes are unknown, or lie intermixed and open to each other, but

4 are all within the said Manor: And whereas the King’s most Excellent Majesty, in Right of his Crown,

4 is Lord of the said Manor of Byfieet with its Members, subject to a Grant or Lease thereof, now veftedin

« his Royal Highness Frederick Duke of Fork: And whereas his said Majesty is Patron of the Redtoriesof

4 Byfleit and IVeybridge aforesaid, and the Reverend George Sewell Clerk, is Kedtor of the Parish and Parish

4 Church of Byfieet aforesaid, and as such is entitled to all the Tythes, both Great and Small, arising within

the said Panfn, or to certain Compositions in lieu thereof, and likewise to a Rectory House and Glebe

4 Lands in Bvfleet aforesaid* and Right of Common in respect thereof; and the Reverend Francis Heultah

4 Doctor in Divinity, isRe&orof the Parish and Parish Church of Weybridge aforesaid, and as such isen-

4 titled to all the Tythes, both Great and Small, arising within the said Parish, or to certain Compositions

in lieu thereof, and likewise to a Redtory House and Glebe Lands at Weyhridge aforesaid, and Right erf

4 Common in respect thereof: And whereas his said Majesty (subject to certain Grants or Leases here-

tofore made and now subsisting) and his said Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York, the Right Ho-

4 nourable Charles Earl of Portmore, Robert Sparks and George Paine Esquires, and several other Persons,

4 are Owners and Proprietors of the said Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and of diver*

4 Mefliiages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Parishes of Byfleet and Wey-

4 bridge, and in respect thereof or otherwise, are entitled to Right of Common upon the said Commons and

4 Waste Lands: And whereas the Lands and Grounds of the respective Proprietors in the said Open Com-

4 mon Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels; and the fame, and

4 also the said Commons and Waste Lands, in their present State are incapable of much Improvement j

and it would be of great Advantage to the several Persons interested, if the said Open Common Fields

4 were divided and inclosed, and the (laid Meadows and Pastures divided, and specifick Parts allotted to the

4 several Proprietors thereof, in Proportion to their respective Property therein 5 and if the said Commons

and Waste Lands were divided and inclosed, and specifick Parts allotted to the several Persons interested

4 therein, according to their respective Rights; and if Allotments were made in lieu of the Tythes of the

v 4 said Commons and Waste Lands in Manner herein-after mentioned: But such Division, Inclosure, and

4 Allotmentcannot be established without the Aid and Authority of Parliament 1* May it therefore please

your Majesty that it may beenadted; and be it enacted, 6Y.

44 Cornmiftioners appointed, as in Cap. lxxxvi. § 1—32.”

Allotments to XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required,

Lord of Manor in the next Place, tofet out, allot, and award, unto and for the King’s most Excellent Majesty, asLordof

?ts Member*1*1 l^e ^anor with ’ts Members aforesaid, and to and for his said Royal Highness Frederick Duke of

for Ri^iit of York, as Leftee of the said Manor, under and by virtue of the said subsisting Lease from the Crown, one

SoH. 6 Sixteenth Part of all the Commons and Waste Lands lying within the Manor of Byfieet, with its Members

aforesaid, in lieu of and as a Recompence for his and their Right as Lord and Leftee of the Manor aforesaid,

to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Lands, exclusive of the Lands to be allotted jo his said Majesty

and his Leftee, in lieu of his and their Rights and Interests in the said Commons and Waste Lands, in re-

rfpedt of the several Messuages, Cottages, Demesne Lands, and other Lands belonging to the Crown within

the said Manor.

Allotment to XXXIV. And whereas the King’s most Excellent Majesty is seised of or entitled to two Rabbit

his Majesty in Warrens on the Heath, within the said Manor,* be it therefore further enabled, That the said Commis-

cefpedt of lUb- ftoners shall, and they arc hereby authorized and required to ascertain, according to the best ef their Judg-

ment

C.oooole

