A> ID* I&QO.

Aiinb 3 & 40* Geo*gi1 III*-

C. ?3'. 3&7

XXI. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That after any Kcensed Stifl has been gauged and raea-"

sured, and irs Capacity of Content ascertained by the proper Officer of Excise, no Alteration or Addition

Audi be made thereon or thereto, either in the Body or in the Head, or any Part thereof, for and during one

Calendar Month at the least, nor even then or afterwards, but at the Beginning of each Month, nor with-

out previous Notice in Writing, figried by the Distiller, being given toTuch Officer at least three Days be-

fore such Alteration o! Addition is attempted to be made, on rain of forfeiting the Sum of five hundred

Pounds.

XXIL And be it further enaflted, That the Officers of Excise, and each and every of them, shall be and

they are hereby authorized and empowered, and have Right, by;Night 6r by Day, to enter into, and continue

inevery Still House or other Place made use of determined by any Distifler, or Maker, or Rectifier, or Compounder of

Spirits for Home Consumption in any Part of Scotland^ for making, keeping, brewing, or distilling Worts,

Wafti, Low Wines, or Spirits, or for rectifying or compounding Spirits, and also to examine every Still,

and the Materials therein, if not at Work; and if at Work, to stay and continue in such Still Houseor

Place, until such Still shall be wrought off, and then to examine the fame, and what Materials were wrought

therein, and also to re-gauge or re-measure any Still or SttH$,or the Head or Heads, or any Part thereof, so

as to discover whether any Alteration or Addition has been made thereon or thereto, without such Notice as

aforesaid; and in case any such Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder, shall refuse to permit such Officer of

Excise to enter into or to continue in his or her Still, House or other Place aforesaid, or to make such Exami-

nation as aforesaid, or to re-gauge or re-measure any Still or Stills for the Purpose aforesaid, or shall ob-

stru6t or hinder such Officer in the due Execution of any Part of his Duty, in every such Cafe such Dif-

tfller, Rectifier, or Compounder shall for every fufch Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred

Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further ennfted. That from and after the said tenth Day of November one thousand eight

hundred, every Distiller of Spirits in the Lowlands of Scotland for Home Consumption shall, five Days at the

least before he or she shall begin to brew any Corn or Grain, or to prepare or mix any other Materials for

the making of Worts or Wash to be distilled into Low Wines or Spirits, make a true and particular Entry

in Writing, at the next Office of Excise within the Limits whereof his or her Still House is or shall be situ-

ated, of all Places, Coppers, Tuns, Backs, Coolers, Stills, Calks, Vessels, and other Utensils, which he or she

shall make use of for the brewing, mixing,.fermenting, working* distilling, holding, laying, or keeping any

Malt, Corn, Graih, Cyder, Perry, Sugar, Melasses, Or other Materials or Ingredients for brewing or mak-

irtg Worts,'Wafti, Low Wines, or Spirits; and in such Entry shall specify the particular Use and Purpose

to and for which each such Place, Vessel, or Utensil is intended to be applied and appropriated; and if any

such Distiller shall neglect to make such Entry, specifying as aforesaid, he or she shall for every such Offence

forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no such Distiller who shall have made such Entry as aforesaid,

shall be permitted to withdraw his or her Entry whilst any Worts, Wash, Low Wines, or other Materials

preparing or fit for Distillation, are remaining in any of the Places, or in any of the Utensils so by him or her

respectively entered as aforesaid; but in every such Cafe the Officers of Excise under whose Survey such

Distiller (nail then be, shall continue to survey the Places and Utensils mentioned in each such Entry until

all the Worts, Walh, Low Wines, and other Materials shall be worked off, and the Duties charged on the

said Worts or Wafti, and on the Spirits the Produce thereof, or until the fame shall be removed from and out

of the said entered Places, and then, and not till then, .(lull any such Entry made as aforesaid, be with-

drawn.

his Survey till the Material* arc worked

XXV. And fie it further enacted, Th£t, every such Distiller shall be, and he or she is hereby required to

fttewtQ the Officer of Excise who surveys fits or her Distillery, every Still, Copper, Tun, Waih Back,

Cooler, Calk, or other, Veffd or Utensil (Q-e (iter? ’ as aforesaid; and he the said Officer is hereby required to

mark the; lame wfih a particular, distin^i, apd d^r^ble Mark $ and every Still, Copper, Tun, ' Wall* Back,

Cooler^, Calk* or other Vessel or Utenifl which shall at any Time or Times be used by any such Distiller

Without being so fitjwn or marked, lh'41 be deemed a Veilel or Utensil of which no Entry has been made ;

and if any Person or Persons> whatsoever shall at any 'I nine or Times after such St*ily Copj>er, Tun, Wafti

Bpck, Cooler, Calk, or other Vessel. or. Utensil* shall have been so marked by such Officer as aforesaid, rub

out or deface any, such Mark Infixed upon (auy fuchjStiil, Copper, Tun, Wafti Back, Cooler, Calk, or

other Vessel or Utensil, by fitch Officer asafqrdaid, he, she, or they so offending shall for every such Oi-

fence forfeit and lpfe the ;$,utq:Qf fifty. PoMnds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every such Distiller of Spirits in the Lowlands of Scotland* from

and after the find tepth Dayt of{November one thousand eight hundred, shall, twelve Hours before he or she

Hull begin to mix, ma(h, or brew any Malt or Grain, Melailes or Sugar, or other Materials, to be ter-

minted or made into Worts or Wafti, or to prepare Worts or Wash ior Distillation, give to the proper

Officer of Excise under whole Surveyhe or Ihe^hall then be, a. Notice in Writing, specifying therein the

particular Time and Hopr when,he or she iAt^pds to tabegin to prepare,.mix, or math, and the true Quan-

tify or Weight[of iVLalt, amfqf iinmalitieTGraiAi^and of Melasses, Sugar,: Or Foieign Materials, intended

to be prepared, mixed, ormashed, as the Cafe may Require; on Pain of forfeiting ior every Negiedt ’of

g^ingfuclvNotice, and specifying as fefcrefaid* *he Sum of fifty-Pounds.

‘XXVII. And be it fu#he* enabled, That every Wash Back which, from and after the said tenth Day

tlNavtmbtKPf# ffi9M^.cigh^undred^shall be ufedor kept by any Distiller of Spirits in the Lowlands of

Scotland for Home Consumption, shall have a Hole or Dipping Place in the Top, and alto a Brals Cock in

th$ieof, and every such Wafti Back shall be so placed and construcded as that the Officer of Excise

3 D z may

Np Alteration

shall be made

in any liccn fed

Still without

previous No-

tice, on Penalty

of 500L

Officers of Ex-

Ctfe may enter

into Still

Houses, ScC» by

Night or Day so

examine.

Penalty of 200!.

for Refusal to

permit them to

enter. Sec.

From Novera-r

ber 10, 1800,

Distillers in else

Lowlands /hall

shall make pre-

vious Entry of

all Places and

Utensils used for

distilling, on

Penalty ofiooK

No Distiller

shall withdraw

his Entry whilst

any Materials

for Distiliation

are remaining in

any entered

Place or Uten-

fils, but the Ex-

cife. Otficer

shall continue

off or removed.

I hi I. lie is shall

flu w to the Ex-

ciie Oihv.ei all

Still'., Sec.

which he shall

riark.

Stills, Sec. not

marked fhilt be

deemed un-

entered.

Penalty of 50I.

lor deUcii.g

Marks.

Fioin Nov. 10,

1S00, l)ifliiiers>

in 1 uc Lowlands

shall give iz

Hour*’ previous

Notice of their

intention to

nit* Mitenals,

Sec. on Penalty

ot 50J.

From Nov. 10,

1S00, every

Wash hack for

difliiling in U.c

Lo a landi for

