544 C. 5, 6. Anno quadrageslnto primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

4 recited Acts, and all the Powers, Authorities, and Provisions therein contained, should be further con-

4 tinned May it therefore pit aft your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

and continued Commons, in this pretent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the Lid several

ter Se*f rcc*1-^ Acts, and all the Powers, Authorities, and Provisions therein contained, shall be, and the (am! are

fion held after" hereby continued, until the Expiration of forty Days after the Commencement of the first Section of Par*

Sept. i. i&ow liament that shall be begun and holden after the fit ft Day of September one thousand eight hundred and

one.

CAP. VI.

An Act for shortening, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred

and one, the Time of keeping in Steep for malting, Barky damaged by Rain in the

late Marvell. [8th December 1800.]

WHEREAS by the Laws now in force it is provided, that every Maltster or Maker of Malt, during

the Continuance of the Duties on Malt, should wet or keep his Barley, or other Corn or Grain

intended to be made into Malt, in the Cittern, Uting-fat, or other Veiled, fb as that the fame should be

covered with Water, and continue so covered in such Cittern, Uti.ig-f.u, or other Veil'd, for the full

Space of forty Hours from the 'Time of its being hrft wet and covered wirh Water as aforesaid, before

he should obtain or take, or draw the Water from the same; and certain other Provisions have been made

by Law for enforcing the fame: And whereas a considerable Quantity of Barley was damaged during

the late Harvest, which cannot be made into good Malt if the lime he continued covered with Water

for the full Space of forty Hours; and it is therefore expedient to allow such Barley to continue covered

with Water for a less Space of 'Tune, under and subject to certain Rules, Regulations, and Reftnitions \

Be it therefore enacted by the Ring’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affimbled, and by the Authority

of the fame. That, for and during the Continuance of this Act, no Maltster or Maker of Malt for Home

Consumption, wetting such damaged Barley to be made into Malt, according to the Terms and Provi-

fions herein-after mentioned, shall be deprived of the Allowance of four Bushels in every twenty, in charg-

ing the said Duties by Gauge, either in the Cittern or Couch, for or in respect of any such Barley, nor

shall be lubjcft or liable to any Penalty for neglecting or refusing to continue any such Barley covered with

Water for the full Space of forty Hours from the Time of its being first wet and covered#

No Maltster

shall be tlcpriV-

ed ol the Allow-

ance of four

Bushclb in

twenty, ter

r!an lazed bar-.

Icy, nor for

neglect in e to

continue it co-

vered with Water for forty Hours.

Such Bailey

shall be kept

covered for

twenty Hours

at leaf!; and

Notice shall be

given to the

kxcise Officer

of the Quantity,

and for what 1 ime intended to be covered.

II. Provided always, That no such Barley shall be kept covered with Water for any less Space of Time

than twenty Hours, except as hereinafter provided; and that the IVlaltfter or Maker of Malt for Home

Consumption, intending to make any such Barley into Malt, shall, in the Notice in Writing required by

any Act now in force to be given to the Officer of Excise, specify that the Barley mentioned in such Notice

is Bariev which was damaged in the late Harvett; and the Quantity or Number of Bushels of such Barley

intended to be wetted attach Steeping, and for what Number of Hours the fame is intended to be keptco-

\ eicd with Water.

If Makers do

rot begin to

Wit such Pir-

lcy accordingly,

a tre.h Notice

fh«.D be given.

Such Kirby

th ill be I ivun

tQ be vvetied

only b. two r»

(even n. titc

M orr.ine -n J

three in the Af-

ternoon, ,-.nd

r.one fkali be

wetted mo:o

than once in

three Da> s: on

Penalty c f icol.

»nd the like Pe-

nalty for adding

to the Quantity

of Barity after*

the Offc- r has

taken an Account of it.

Earley floating

on the Surface,

yriion uken

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any Maltster or Maker of Malt, having given any Notice

in Writing of his Intention to wet any such damaged Barley as aforesaid to be ipade into Malt, shall not

begin to wet the Barley foecified in such Notice, and immediately proceed to cover the Whole thereof *vim

\\ ater at the Hour or 'Lime mentioned in such Notice or within one Hour next after the Expiration of the

said Hour and Time, then every such Notice shall be, and \he fame is hereby declared to be null and

void; and every such Maltster or Maker of Malt (lull be obliged to give a fresh and like Notice before be

or lhc shall begin to wet any such his or her damaged Barley; and no such Maltster or Maker of Malt

shall begin to wet any such damaged Barley to he made into Mult, but between the Hours of (even in the

Morning and three in the Afternoon; and no such Maltster or Maker of A Tit shall wet or deep any such

damaged Barley more than once in three Days; and in case any such Maltster or Maker of Malt, having

given any such Notice which shall become void, shall neglect or refuse to give a fresh and like Notice, or

having given such Notice or Notices, and begun to wet any such damaged Barley in pursuance thereof, shall

.neglect or reiufe immediately to proceed to cover the Whole thereof with Water, and to continue the

fame lb covemJ, fur tt e full Spice of Time mentioned in the Notice for wetting such Barley, or shall be-

gin to wet any such damaged Barley at any other Time than between the Hours of seven in the Morn-

ing and three in the Afternoon; or if any such Maltster or Maker of Malt, after the Officer ilia!) have

taken an Account of the damaged Barley in the Cittern, Uting-fat, or other wetting Place, shall add any

Corn or Grain to the damaged Barley so wetted, or steeping, or shall wet or tteep any such damaged

Barley rnoic than once in three Days, then, and in every such Cafe, the Maltster or Maker of Malt lb of-

fending shall, for each and every such Glib nee, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

IV. And whereas it may roffibly happen that some of such damaged Barley may be in such a State as

to float on the Surface of the Water, in the Cittern, Uting-fat, or-other Vessel wherein such Bariev

‘feu

0

c.ooooie

