A.D. i8o'o. . Anno 390 &* 40® Georgii III. C. 67.

ARTICLES. Customs. Excise.

TOBACCO, continued. £• r. d• £• i- d.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish manufactured Shag Tobacco — 1 5f

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of [rip) manufactured Roll Tobacco - — — 1 7

. For every Pouod Weight Avoirdupois of Irish manufactured Carrot Tobacco For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of every other Sort of Irish marmfaCtur- - * sl

, ed Tobacco, not herein-before enumerated or described — — 1 7

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish manufactured Rappee Snuff - — — 1 4i

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish manufactured Scotch Snuff - For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish manufactured Brown Scotch — — I to£

.Snuff - - - - - For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish manufactured Tobacco Stalk - * sl

Flour - - - - For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of every other Sort or Kind of Irish manufactured Snuff, or Snuff Work, not herein-before enumerated or — 1 9

described Tobacco unmanufactured, the Pound - V£R JUICE.— For every HogsbeacT confining' of sixty-three Gallons English Wine Measure,of Irish Verjuice -• - - VINEGAR.—For every Barrel confilting of thirty-four Gallons, English Beer «R NO 1 1 1 I IO£

- 7 8

Measure, of IrishVinegar - - — — 11 81

WIRE.—For every Ounce Troy Weight of Irish Gilt Wire -- 9l

For every Ounce Troy of Irish Silver Wire For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Gold'Thread, Gold Lace, .or Gold Fringe, made of Plate Wire spun upon Silk For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Silver Thread, SHver Lace, or —*

- 7

Silver Fringe, made of Plate Wire spun upon Silk - - — — S 9-

B.

On Importation into Ireland from Great Britdih.

ARTICLES.

• BEER.—For and upon every Barrel containing thirty-two Gallons, imported from Great

Britain - - - * -

GLASS BOTTLES.—For and upon each reputed Quart

£• $•' d%

- 4 6

LEATHER, Unmanufactured.—For and upon each Pound in every Hide or Skin, or Piece

of any such Hide or Skin of what Kind or Denomination soever, other than such as are

herein-after mentioned and described -

For and upon each Hide of Horses, Mares, or Geldings - -

For and upon all Skins called Veal Skins, and all Skins of Hogs, for every Dozen Skins there*

of, and after the fame Rate for any greater or less Quantity

For ^nd upon all Skins for Shoes and other like Purposes, and all Seal Skins, for every Dozen

thereof, and after the fame Rate for any greater or less Quantity

For and upon all Skins for Bookbinders’ Ule, for every Dozen thereof, and after the fame Rate

for any greater or less Quantity -

For and upon all Goat Skins tanned with Shumack, or otherwise to refernble Spanish Leather,

and all Sheep Skins tanned for Roans, being after the Nature of Spanish Leather, for every

Pound Weight Avoirdupois -

For and upon all Sheep and Lamb Skids tanned for Gloves and Bafils, for every Pound

Weight Avoirdupois, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity

LEATHER, Dressed ip Oil.—For and upon every Hide and Skin, and Piece of such Hide

and Skin, other than such as arc here in* after mentioned or described* for every Pound

Weight Avoirdupois • • - -•

For

367

1

