A.D. 1800, Anno 39* & 40° Georgii III. C. 51, 52.

bacco, have regularly discharged their Cargoes respectively, such Ships or Vessels shall be removed from the

Place or Places appointed for the mooring of Ships or Vessels. laden with Tobacco ; and in case the Matter

or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel shall omit, negletft, or

refuse to remove such Ship or Vessel from such Mooring Place or Places, such Matter or other Person shall

for each and every Offence fdrfeitthe Sum of twenty Pounds.

343

XVII. * And whereas by an Act, passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

4 intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and several other Acts,

4 certain Ships, Vessels, and Boats therein particularly described, are in certain Cafes subject to Forfeit-

4 ure, unless the Owner thereof shall have a Licence for navigating the Tame, as therein directed, from the

4 Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time being, or

~4 any Person authorized by them to grant the fame 1 And whereas the Owner of every Ship, Vessel, or

4 Boat, so licensed, is required to give certain Security, as in the said Acts directed, before such Ship,

4 Vessel, or Boat should proceed to Sea, or fail out of any Port, Harbour, or Creek, in this Kingdom :

4 And whereas it is expedient that the Terms and Conditions of such Security should be extended to all

4 Cafes wherein such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, may be forfeited or liable to Forfeiture for or on account of any

4 Offence contrary to or in Breach of any Acts or Act of Parliament now in force ; and that, over and

4 above the Security in the said Acts directed, further Security should be given* by Bond in Manner di-

4 redled by the said Acts by the said Owner before any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall proceed to Sea, or

4 fail out of any Port, Harbour, or Creek, in this Kingdom* that such Ships, Vessels, and Boats, shall not

4 be used or employed in hovering within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or within four

4 Leagues of the Coast thereof, or in any other Manner, or in any Trade or Employment whatever, con-

4 trary to Law :r Be it therefore enacted. That, from and after the patting of this Act, the Owner of every

Ship, Vessel, or Boat, which shall be licensed in pursuance of the said recited Act, or any subsequent Act or

Acts of Parliament, shall, before any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall proceed to Sea, or fail out of any

Port, Harbour, or Creek, in this Kingdom, give Security by Bond, in the Manner directed by the said

recited Acts respectively, that such Ships, Vessels, and Boats, shall not be found at Anchor, or hovering

within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or within four Leagues of the Coast thereof, nor

discovered to have been within the said Limits or Distance contrary to the said recited Act, passed in the

twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty ; and also that such Ship, Vessel, or Boat shall not

be found within the Distances and Situations particularly described and set forth in an Act, passed in the

thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty *, for repealing so much of an Act, made in the

Seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majt fty, asdiredls, that no Cambrick or Lawn shall be imported

from Ireland, and for making more effcdlualan Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and for other Purposes,

contrary to the Directions and Provisions of the said recited Act; and also, that such Ship, Vessel, or Boat,

shall not be employed, or be found or discovered to have been out of the Limits within which such Ship,

Vessel, or Boat, shall or may be licensed to navigate or trade, contrary to the Directions and Provisions of

an Act, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty f, for making further Provisions

in regard to such Vessels as are particularly described in an Act, made in the twenty-iourth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, for the more .effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and forex-

tending the said Act to other Vessels and Boats not particularly described therein, and for other Purposes ;

and also that such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall not be engaged for or used in any Trade or Employment

whatever, other than that defer:bed and set forth in the Licence of such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, contrary to an

Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Y ear of the Reign of his present Majesty J, to prevent Vessels licensed by the

Admiralty from being engaged in any Trade or Employment not permitted by their Licences; and also

that such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall not be used or employed in any other Way or Manner whatever, con-

trary to the Laws in force relating to the Revenue of Customs on and immediately before die patting of this

Act.

CAP. LII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery. [20th June 1800.]

with Tobacco

shall have dif- ,

charged their

Cargoes, they

shall be remov-

ed from the

Mooring Places on Penalty of 20U

04. Geo. 3.

Self. 2. c. 47.

44 Sum toberaised 826,250/. Number of Tickets 60,000, at 13 /. 157. 5 d. each

Amount of the Prizes, to be paid out of any Supplies granted this Session. § 4.

§. 1. 500,000 /. the

7,393 Prize Tickets,

viz. one of 30,000/ one of 20,000/. two of 10,000/. four of 5000/. five of 2000/. ten of 1000/. iix-

teen of 500/. fifty-four of 100/ one hundred of 50/. seventeen thousand two hundred of 18 A with

10,000/. to the first drawn Ticket on the 25th Day of drawing; 20,000 /. to the first-drawn on the

29th Day; and 30,000/. to the first-drawn on the 33d Day; and 2000/. to the first-drawn on the

4prh Day ; making in the Whole 500,000/. §9. Lottery to begin drawing on March 2, 1801. § 10.

Tickets to begin delivering July 14, 1800. § 16. The 500,000 /. for the Payment of the Fortunate

Tickets, to be charged on any Supplies granted this Session; and shall be paid to the Proprietors without

any Dcdudlion, on Aug. 1, 1801, &c.

The Owner of

every VeffW li-

cenced under

the recited A6C;

ChalJ, be lore it

fails, give Bond

-that the fame

shall not be

found within

certain Limits

herein specified;

[• C. JO.]

[fc. 32.1

and also that

the VeCTcl ChalJ

not be engaged

in arty other

Trade or Em-

ployment than

what is set

forth in the

Licence, Sec•

[t c. 33. $ II,

* 3-J

CAP.

Goc e

