y

(Public.,) 39 GEO. HL

z*‘ An Act for extending the Time for returning State-

ments under an Act, passed in the present Se/Bon of Par-

liament, intituled. An At1 to repeal the Duties imposed by

art Ati, made in the loft Session of Parliament, for granting

an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the IVar \

and to make more effectual Provisionfor the like Purpose, by

granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the /aid

Duties; and to amend the said Act. Page 73

13. An Act to repeal certain Parts of three Acts, made in

the thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth Years of the Reign

of His present Majesty, for raising a Provisional Force of

Cavalry ; and for making further Provisionrefpeding such

Part of the Provisional Cavalry of this Kingdom as is now

actually called out and embodied. 89

24. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day o{May

next, an Act made in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, Chapter Nine, videlicet, on the

fourth Day of January one thousand (even hundred and

ninety-nine, for continuing several Acts, made in the

thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh, and in the thirty-eiglnh

Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for suspending

the Operation of certain Acts, made in the fifteenth and

seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty,

for rest raining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and

Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part

of Great Britain called England. 94

25. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of May

next, an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, Chapter Ten, videlicet, on the

fourth Day of January one thousand (even hundred and

ninety-nine, for continuing several Acts for allowing the

Banks, and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of

Great Britain called Scotland\ to issue Notes for Sums

under a certain Amount. Ibid.

?6. An Act tocontinue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March

one thousand eight hundred, an Act, passed in the Session

of Parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh

Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-six, vide-

licet, on'the sixth Day of June one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-seven, for difailowing the Bounty on the Ex-

portation to Ireland of Sail Cloth or Canvas of the Manu-

facture of Great Britain. Ibid.

27. An Act to revive and continue, until the twenty-fifth

Day of March one thousand eight hundred, an Act,

pafl*ed in the Session of Parliament of the thirty-sixth and

thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter

Seventy-two, videlicet, on the fixch of June one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-seven, for prohibiting the Im-

portation of Cambricks and French Lawns into this King-

dom, not being of the Manufacture of Ireland, except for

the Purpose of being warehoused for Exportation. Ibid.

,28. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fourth Day of

June one thousand eight hundred, an Act, made in the

twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King

George the Second, Chapter Fifteen, videlicet, on the

thirteenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred

and fifty-five, for granting a Bounty on certain Species of

British and lrish Linens exported; and taking off the

Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yams

made of Flax. Ibid.

29 An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity

of twelve thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness Prince

Eduard, and a like Annuity of twelve thou land Pounds

on His Royal Highness Prince Erncjl Augustus, during

His Majesty’s Pleasure. Ibid.

30. An Act to enable His Majesty to settle on Her Royal

Highness the Princels Amelia, Part of the Annuity of

thirty thousand Pounds per Annum, which His‘Majesty

was enabled to settle on their Royal Highnertes His Ma-

iefty’s other Daughters, out of the Hereditary Revenues,

by virtue of an Act passed in the eighteenth Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty. Page 95

3?. An Act to continue, until the tenth Day of July one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and amend an

Ad, passed in the last Session or Parliament, Chapter

Ninety-two, videlicet, on the twenty-ninth Day of June

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, for grant-

ing to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in

the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, fora li-

mited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries

in the respective Distrids in Scotland; and for granting to

His Majesty certain additional Duties on Spirits distilled

for Consumption, and a Duty on unm'alted Grain used in

Distillation in Scotland. Ibid.

32. An Act to permit Ships to fail from certain Ports of the

Island of Newfoundland^ and from the Coast of Labrador

without Convoy. Ibid.

33: An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loa

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one tho11*

sand seven hundred and ninety-nine. 96

34. An Act for repealing two Acts, passed in the thirty-

sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, which

limit the Time for killing Partridges in England and

Scotland; and for amending so much of an Act, parted in

the second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as

relates to such Limitation within that rartof Great Britain

called England, by making other Provisions for that Ppr-

pose. Ibid.

35. An Act for exempting, during the present War, Per-

Tons serving in Volunteer Corps and Associations, from

being ballotted for the Militia, under certain Conditions,

97

36. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid

to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. 100

37. An Act for remedying certain Defects in the Law re-

speding Offences committed upon the High Seas. Ibid.

38. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fourth Day of

June one thousand eight hundred and four, and amend an

Ad, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of Rape

Seed, and other Seeds used for extrading Oil, whenever

the Prices of middling Britisho Rape Seed (h;.U be above

certain Limit; and to continue several Laws relating to

the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins cured with

Foreign Salt, free of Duty, until the twenty'fourrh Day

of June one tho.ufand eight hundred and four; to the more

effectual Encouragement of the Manufadurcs of Flax and

Cotton in Great Britain, until the twenty-fourth Day of

June one thousand eight hundred and three; and so much

of an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, for better feouri'ng the Duties 011

Glass, as was to continue in force for a limited Lime,

until the fifth Day of June one thousand eight hundred.

It id.

39. An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty-fourth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An

Act for granting to His AJaje/ly certain Stamp Duties on

Indentures of CL) kships to Solicitors and Alt or nics, in any

of the Courts in England, therein mentioned. 101

40. An Act to amend lb much of three Acts, made in the

last and present Sessions of Parliament, for making perpe-

tual, subject to Redemption and Purchase, the several

Sums of Money charged as a Land Tax, as relates to that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland, Ibid.

41. An

