i6$

Offenders may

be compelled to

give Evideruo,

and fh;.ll be io-

I'emmfud l'iom

Erofccution for

any Matter re-

lative thereto.

Justices may

fummen Of-

fenders, and on

their not ap-

pearing, or in

the fit ft ln-

stance, may

issue Warrant

for their Ap-

prehenfjon, and

cn then ap-

pearing, may

determine the

Matter.

Justices may

fumtnon Wir-

rtffi. v, nrd oil

their not ap-

pearing cr re-

tuiing to give

Evidence, may

commit them*

Convitfionsand

Commitments

shall be <lraw«

up in the Foim

in the Schedule

annex d.

Convittions shall

be transmitted

to the next Ge-

neral or General

Qiarttr h; liions

to be tiled, and

if Appeal be

m« de, t’ e Juf-

ticcs ill.ill then

procetd to

hearing it.

No Certiorari to

he gr.aited.

Appul w..v' he

inuce n* in the

Judgi me r t<1 a

Juihc- to the

Cienciai or

C. 81. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

IX. And be it further enacted. That all and every Persons and Person who shall or may offend against

this Act, shall and may, equally with all other Persons, be called upon and compelled to give his or her

Testimony and Evidence as a YV.tnefs or Witnesses on Behalf of his Majesty, or of the Prolecutor or In-

former, upon any Information to be made or exhibited under this Act; and that in all such Cales, every Per.

(on having given his or her Testimony or Evidence as aforesaid, shall be and hereby is indemnified of, from,

and against any Information to be laid, or Prosecution to be commenced, against him or her for having

offended in the Matter wherein or relative to which he, (he, or they, shall have given Testimony or Evi-

dence as aforesaid.

X. 4 And, for the more effectually enforcing and carrying into Execution the ProviPons of this Ad/ be

it further enacted, That on Complaint and Information on Oath before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, of

any Offence having been committed against this Act, within his or their reipedive Jurisdictions, such Justice

or Justices are hereby authorized and required to summon the Person or Persons charged with being an

Offender or Offenders against this Act, to appear before such Justice or Justices, at a certain Time and

Place to be specified ; and if any Person or Persons so summoned shall not appear according to such Sum-

mons, then such Justices, or any one of them, (Proof on Oath having been first made before them or him,

of the due Service of such Summons upon such Person or Persons, by delivering the fame to him or them

personally, or leaving the fame at his or their usual Place or Places of Abode,) shall make and issue their

or his Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Person or Persons so summoned, and not appearing as

aforesaid, and bringing him or them before such Justice or Justices ; or it shall be lawful for such Justice or

Justices, if he or they (hull think fit, without issuing any previous Summons, and instead of bluing the fame,

upon such Complaint and Information on Oath as aforesaid, to make and issue his or their Warrant or War-

rants for apprenending the Person or Persons by such Information charged to have offended against this Act,

and bringing him or them before such Justice or Justices ; and unon the Person or Persons complained against

appearing upon such Summons, or being brought by virtue of such Warrant* or Warrants before such

Justice or Justices, then such Justices, or one of them, shall, and they or he arc and is hereby authorized

and required forthwith to make Enquiry touching the Matters complained of, and to examine into the fame

by the Oath or Oaths of any credible Person or Persons, as shall be requilitc, and to hear and determine the

Matter of every such Complaint, and upon Confession by the Party, or Proof by one or more credible Wit-

nefs or Witnesses upon Oath, to convict or acquit the Party or Parties against whom Complaint shall have

been made as aforesaid.

XL And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom

any such Complaint and Information shall be made as aforesaid, and he and they are hereby authorized and

required, at the Request in Writing of any of the Parties, to issue his or their Summons to any Witness

or Witnesses, to appear and give Evidence before such Justice or Justices, at the Time and Place appointed

for hearing and determining such Complaint, and which Time and Place shall be specified in such Sum-

mons; and if any Person or Persons so summoned to appear as a Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid, shall not

appear before such Justice or Justices at the Time and Place specified in such Summons, or otter some rea-

sonable Excuse for the Default, or appearing according to such Summons, shall not submit to be examined as

a Witness or Witnesses, and give his or their Evidence before such Justice or Justices, touching the Matter of

such Complaint, then and in every such Cafe it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he and they

is and arc hereby authorized. (Proof on Oath, in the Cafe of any Person not appearing according to such Sum-

mons, having been first made before such Justice or Justices of the due Service of such Summons on every

such Person, by delivering the fame to him or her, or leaving the fame at his or her usual Place of Abode,)

by Warrant under the Hands or Hand of such Justices, or one cf them, to commit such Person pr Persons

so making Default in appearing, or appearing and refilling to give Evidence, to some Prison within the

Jurisdiction of such Justice or Julliccs, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until such Person or Per-

fons fljail submit himself, herself, or themlclvcs to be examined, and give his, her, or their Evidence before

such Justice or Justices as aforesaid.

XJi. And be it further enacted, That the Justice cr Justices before whom any Person or Persons shall be

convicted of any Offence against this Act, or by whom any Person shall be committed to Prison for not

appearing as a Witness, or not submitting to be examined, shall caule all such Convictions, and the War-

rants or Orders for such Commitment, to be drawn up in the Form or to the Lffecl let forth in the Schedule

to this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices before whom any such Conviction shall be

had, shall cause the fame (drawn up in the Form or to the Effect herein-before directed) to be fairly written

on Parchment, and transmitted tothc next General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be

holden for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, wherein inch Conviction was had,

to be filed ard kept amongst the Records of t ie said General Sessions or General Quarter Stiffons; and in

case any Perfmor Persons shall appeal, in Manner herein-after mentioned, from the Judgement of the said

Julhcc or Justices to the said General Sessions or General Quarter Scifions, the Justices in such Gcnei.il

bullions or GcnerahQuarter Sessions are hertby required, upon receiving such Conviction, to proceed to the

Hearing and Determination of the Matter of the said Appeal, according to the Directions of this Act ; and

no Certiorari shall be granted to remove any Conviction or other Proceedings had thereon in pursuance of

this Act.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if any Person convicted of any Offence or Offences

punishable by this Act, shall think himself or herself aggrieved by the Judgement of such Just.ce or Justices

before whom he or she shall have been convicted, such Person (nail have Liberty to appeal liom tvery such

Conviction to the next Court of General Sessions or General Quarttr Sessions ol the Peace, which (h*dl be

had

