A.D. i8o©.; Anno 39® & 40® Georgii I1J. cii—civ. 515

1 t '

pursuance of this Act, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, their and his Executors and Administrators,

10 Trust nevertheless from and immediately after the Drawing of the fortunate Number, for the Holder of

the fortunate Ticket; and the fame Diamond shall be and is hereby declared to be freed and discharped of,

from, and aeainst all Rent and Arrears of Rent, Assignments, Sales. Judgments, Executions, Titles,

Charges, Debts, and Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall become the Property of and be delivered to the

Bearer of such fortunate Ticket, by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of an

Order for that Purpose, to be signea by the said Trustees for the l ime being, which Order they are hereby

authorized and required to give at any Time after the drawing and determining the Prize, upon Demand

made to them for that Purpose, and on Production of the Ticket containing such fortunate Number as afore-

said.

For appointing new Trustees. § 6”

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or Bank nottofee

the said Trustees, shall not in any Manner be answerable or responsible for the Officers or Servants of the rcfponfible.

said Governor and Company, in the Care or keeping Possession of the said Diamond, or otherwise relating

thereto; any Thing herein-contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

44 Expences of the A ft to be paid from the Sale of the Tickets. § 8. Publick AS. $9.”

Cap. ciii.

An Act for enabling the Most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, and the Duke of Richmond for the Time

being, to charge with Jointures the Annuity of nineteen thousand Pounds, (payable out of the Consoli-

dated Fund, in lieu of the Coal Duty granted by K\t\gCharles the Second to Charles first Duke of Rich-

mond, and the Heirs of his Body,) and the Stocks on T ransfer of which the said Annuity is made redeem-

able, and for enabling the Sale of Part of the said Stocks, and investing the Money arising from any such

Sale in the Purchase of Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, and for other Purposes. [2d July 1800.]

Cap. civ.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effcftual an Act, passed in the third Year

of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the recovering offmall Debts ',

and for the relieving of poor Debtors in London; and an Act, passed in the fourteenth

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend

the above-mentioned Act; and likewise for extending the Powers of the Court of Re-

quests in the City of London, in and by the said two several Acts continued and established.

[9th July 1800.]

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was passed in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

James the First, intituled, An Act for the recovering of Small Debts, and for the relieving of Poor

Debtors in London: And whereas an Act of Parliament was passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign"of

his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the third

Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, “ An Act for the recovering of Small Debts, and for the

relieving of Poor Debtors in London ;M which said Acts have been found useful and beneficial, but the fame

are in feme Respects defective and insufficient fully to answer the good Purposes thereby intended: And

whereas if the Number of the Commissioners of the Court of Requests in the City of London were limited

and ascertained as herein-after mentioned; and if the Powers of the said Court under the two recited Acts

of Parliament were extended to the Recovery of Debts not exceeding Five Pounds, it would be attended

with beneficial Eftefts to the Publick s And whereas it would greatly alleviate the Distrefies of the honed

and unfortunate Debtor, if the said Court was enabled to order Payment of Debts, for which Judgment

shall be given, by Instalments at stated Periods, which may be possible for the Debtor to pay, though it may

be absolutely impossible for him or her to satisfy the whole Debt in one Sum: And whereas Doubts have

arisen whether Persons residing within the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, and indebted to Persons

not residing within the same City or Liberties, are subject to the Jurisdiction of the said Court; and whether

Rent due from Lodgers and others. Wages due to Workmen or Servants, or the Quarterage due and pay-

able by the several Members of the Publick Companies of the said City, were recoverable in the said, Court$

and also whether Attorniesand Solicitors, and other Officers of any of the Courts of Law or Eciuity, are

(ubjeft to,the Processes of the said Court: And whereas it would be attended with very beneficial Eftefts to

the Publick, if all Debts, whether upon simple Contraft or otherwise, not exceeding the Sum of Five

Pounds, (except such Debts where to it is herein-after* expressly declared that this Act shall not extend,)

were recoverable in the said Court :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be

t enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-

itual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

That so much and such Parts of the said twQ recited Acts of the third Year of King James the First, and

the fourteenth Year of King George the Second, as confine or restrain the Cognizance or Jurisdiction of the

Court of Requests of the City of London to Debts not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, shall (from and

after the thirtieth Day of September one thousand eight hundred) be, and the fame are herecy repealed.

[See 39 Geo. 3*

c.84.

39 & 40 Geo* 3»

*43-1

3 Jac. L c. 15P

14 Geo. 2. C. 20*

tt n.I

So much of rc~

cited Acts as

restrains the

Jurisdiction of

the Court of

Kcquests of the City to Debts not exceeding 40s. shall, from September 30, 1800, be repealed*

3U2

II.4 And

