54* C. 3,4. Anno  quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

may be taken

cut for Home

Confnmption,

cii Payment of

a Duty of 87I,

103. jur Ton.

» '

Penalty of

2col. for ob«

ftrudfine Offi-

cers of Excise.

Powers of iz

Cjr. a.c. 24,

&c. to extend

to this Act*

Recovrery and

Application of

penalties.

Limitation of

Actions two

Months.

General Itfue.

Treble Costs.

Continuance of

Act, Jan. 1.

1802.

By 27 Geo 3. '

c. t}. ard sub-

fetjuent Act.,

Duties on Hops

were impoltd,

anti by 3 , Sc 40

(i'.O. 3. C. 82.

such Parti as

rebaie to the

D jl/i-s on Hops

irnpai *eu were

lutp nerd till

A 4 7,’ ! ft 20>

1-00.

his present Majesty's Reign, amongst other Things, for better regulating and encouraging the Ex-

portation of British made Spirits, in any such Warehouse as is mentioned in the said Act, shall be de-

iirous of using any such Spirits for Home Consumption, and shall signify such his, her, or their Desire,

to the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively for the Time being, the said re-

spective Commissioners respectively shall direct the Quantity of Spirits so desired, to be taken out of such

Warehouse, and delivered to such Distiller or Distillers, he, (he, or they having first duly paid to the pro*

per Officer or Officers of Excise, a Duty of Excise at and after the Rate of eighty-seven Pounds and ten

Shillings for each Ton of such Spirits, calculating and computing the fame at the Strength of one to ten

over Hydrometer Proof, any Act of Parliament to the contrary thereof notwithstanding ; and the Money

arising from the said Duty shall be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, and carried to and

made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons {hall obstruct or hinder any Officer or Of-

ficers of Excise in the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities to him or them given or granted by

this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Spirits, the Person or Persons so offending shall for-

feit for every such Offence, severally, the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted that all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures,

Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in and by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King

Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, a/id Tenures in

Capite, and by 'Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof

or by any other Law now in force, relating to his Majesty’s Revenue of Excise, are provided and established

for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining, the Duties

thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such Cafes for which other Provisions are made and pre-

fci ibed by this Act,) shall be praftiled, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levy-

ing, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the Excise Duty by this Act imposed, and for prevent-

ing, detesting, and punishing Fraud* relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes,

as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things,

were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

XI. And be it further enacted. That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall

be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty, or For-

feiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, of mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of

Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at If ejltmnfler $ and that one

Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the

other Moiety to him or them who Giall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XII. And be it further enacted. That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or

Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within the

Space of two Calendar Months next after the Offence shall be committed; and the Defendant or Defend-

ants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in

Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority

of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defend-

ants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defend-

ants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and

have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cafes by

Law.

XIII. And be it further enacted. That this Act shall commence and take Effect as to all such Matters

and Things therein contained, in respect whereof no special Commencement is hereby directed or pro-

vided, fiom the passing thereof until the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and

two, and may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this Session tf

Parliament.

CAP. IV.

An Act for suspending, until the twentieth Day of August one thousand eight hundred

and one, the Duties on Hops imported, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof.

[8 th December 1800.]

4 T T WHEREAS by an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for

4 YV repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof,

4 and for other Purposes, a Duty of Customs of five Pounds eighteen Shillings and ten-pence was granted

4 upon every hundred Weight of Hops imported into Great Britain; and by several subsequent Acts cer-

4 tain other Duties have been imposed in addition thereto : and whereas by an Act passed in the last Sef-

4 fton of Parliament, such Parts of the said Acts as relate to the Duties on Hops imported were suspended

4 until the twentieth Day of August one thousand eight hundred : And whereas it is expedient that the said

4 Duties on Hops impor.ed should be again suspended for a further Time, and that other Duties should be

4 granted in lieu thereof during such Suspension May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be

enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content

ot trie Lotds Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, such Parts of the said Acts as grant

any

