A.D. 1800.

Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 36—39. 313

stand difrnifTed as against them in such Suits; and that in all such Suits an Order may be made, -upon Mo- Answer, not

tion or Petition as of course, for the taxing of their Costs already incurred, and for immediate Payment

thereof by the Plaintiffs in any such Suits, or any of them, fuhjed't however to any further Order as be- Stock requited

tween the other Parties to such Suits, respc*3ing the final Payment of such Colts, as by the Court-in which to be transter.

any Suit may be depending Hull be deemed jult. rcd,p»o:ccd.

, ings (lull l.e

flopped and the Dili difm.fled, &c.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the several Regulations and Provisions herein-before enacted, The Pro virions

shall extend^mutatis mutandis, to every Cafe where.the United Company of Merchants of England trading shall

to the East Indies, or the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South dfaCom-

Seas or other Parts of America^ have any Stock (landing in the Books of such respc3ive Corporations, panyandthe

which may now be or hereafter may become the Subject of any Suit in Equity, or incidental thereto; saving bouthSta Com-

to the said Corporations respectively the like Right of being made a Party, or applying by Motion or Pe- K-ny, where

tition, in such Suits as is before reserved or given to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England. tJie>r,'avc S:,od:

, ^ u r J c‘ (landing in tin u*

Bocks, which may become the Subject of a Suit in Equity.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain

called England, for one Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred.

[16th May 1800.]

CAP. XXXVIII.

An for repealing so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

' An Act for permitting certain Goods imported from the East Indies./*? be warehoused9 and

for repealing the Duties now payable thereon% and granting other Duties in lieu thereof \ as

relates to Saltpetre. [16th May 1800.]

€ WHEREAS by'an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An All for permitting 39 Geo.*3.c. 59.

c VV certain Goods imported from the East Indies to be warehouJedy and for repealing the Duties now

f payable thereony and granting other Duties indieu thereof Provision is made for Warehousing any Goods,

c Wares, or Merchandizes, except Tea, Cotton, Wool, Nutmegs, Mace, Cloves, and Cinnamon, and

4 Bullion, Diamonds, and other precious Stones, upon Importation and Landing thereof, by the United

4 Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, in Manner therein mentioned, and upon

4 Payment of the new and additional Duties of Customs in the said A3 mentioned: And whereas it is ex-

4 pedient that Saltpetre should be exempted from the Operation of the said recited A3, and from the Duty

4 thereby imposed thereon p be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

-with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pretent

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said recited A3, so far as it relates to Recited Act, so

Saltpetre, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed 5 and that the Duty thereby imposed on Saltpetre shall far

cease and determine; and that, from and after the passing of this A3, all Saltpetre, which shall remain, or

be unfold, in the Warehouses of the said United Company, and all Saltpetre hereafter imported by the said fucVSaltpetre

United Company, shall be subje3 and liable to the same Rules, Regulations, and Provisions, and charged as remains in the

and chargeable with the fame Duties as were in force immediately before the passing of the said recited A3; East India Com.

ihc said A3, or any Thing therein contained, to the contrary thereof, in any wise notwithstanding. Ynd a'l

hereafter imported shall be charged with the Duties payable previous to re ittd Act,

II. And be it further enacted. That immediately after the passing of this A3, the Duty or Duties which Duty on Sa!t-

before the passing of the said recited A3 would have been payable on any Saltpetre which shall remain, or P:t7

unfold, in the Warehouses of the said United Company, on the Importation, shall be paid or tecured by "or leaned

the said United Company, in like Manner as if the fame Saltpetre had been then imported by them. as if then im-

> ported.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on

quartering Soldiers. [ 16th May 1800.]

44 Mutiny A3 (c. 27. of this Session) recited. Non commissioned Officers and Soldiers, to allow 1 s. \d.per

44 Diem for Diet and Small Beer in Quarters in England; § 1. and for Articles which have been furnished

44 gratis in lieu thereof, one Halfpenny per Diem to be allowed. § 2. For Horses quartered, is. zd- for Diem

44 to be paid for Hay and Straw. § 3. So much of recited Act as relates to furnishing with Diet Non-

4‘ commissioned Officers and Soldiers on a March, or recruiting, repealed. § 4. Regulation with relpc3

44 to dieting Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers on their March. $5. [Exactly as under § 4, 5, <2/*

44 38 Geo. 3. c. 32.]”

VI. Provided always. That if any Vi3ualler, or other Person liable by the said recited Ap, to have reruns paying

-Soldiers billeted or quartered on him or her, shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Non-com.nil- Mo^-y to \M-

39 & 40 Geo. III. S f honed n-urm:a u;“

