A.D.r8oo. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 66. 357

other Inspector or Infpcctors* forthwith to seize any such Raw Hide or Skin as aforesaid, and unless such Notice be given

Penalty shall be paid in less than forty-eight Hours after such Seizure so made as aforesaid, or unless Notice of havinS

shall be given by the Pei fop or Persons to whom such Mde or Skin shall belong, or any Person on his, her, or ^Arbitrators,

their Behalf, of his, her, or their Intention of having such Hide or Skin ppiduced, and the Dispute thereon y ‘ r

decided by Arbitrators, to he appointed in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for such Inspector or In-

spectors to fell or cause to be sold the fame, and to retain the Pe nalty determined by this Act imposed as aforesaid, and

every reasonable Expence incurred therein, and the (dverpluv (if any such there be) shall be returned to the

Person or Persons to whom such Raw Hide or Skin flul; nave belonged as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand eight hundred, if prom Aug. 1,

any Butcher or s other Person re Tiding in any City, Town Corporate, Borough, or Market Town, or 1800, if any

within the District thereof, for which an Inspector or Inspectors shall have been appointed as aforesaid, Person within

shall wilfully neglect or omit to bring any Raw Hide or Skin belonging to him or her of any Ox, Bull, Cow, any

Heifer, Steer, or Stirk, Hoile, Mare, or Gelding, Calf, Hog, Pig, Sheep, or Lamb, by this Act required J^eAor^/s^etn

to be stamped or marked, to (tune Place appointed in pursuance of this Act, in tuch City, Town Corpo- appointed shall

rate, Borough, or Market Town, for the examining and inspecting Raw Hides and Skins, within the negiedt to bring

Houfs prescribed for that Purpose; or if any Butcher or ocher Person shall remove of take away from such an>' :taNV Hide

Place, any such Raw H.dc or Skin that shall have been flayed within any City, Town Corporate, Bo- J? t,lc ProPcr

rough, or Market Town, or within any District belonging thereto, for the Purposes of this Act, within or ml^cd or

for which any (udvlnspector or Inrpectors shall have been appointed under this Act as aforesaid, that shall fha.l remove

not have been examined and marked by some Inspector of Raw Hides and Skins appointed under this Act, therefrom any

or by some Person author.z« d by him, and approved by any Magistrate of the District for which such In- that shall not

spector shall be appointed; every such Butcher or other Person shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding

five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, for every such Raw Hide or Skin so neglected or omitted to be shall be’liableto

brought to such Place appointed for the Inspection thereof as aforesaid, and within the Hours prescribed for a Pcmlry, not

that Purpose, or so removed or taken away before such Hide or Skin shall have been stamped or marked as exceeding 5I.

aforesaid.. nor bfi than

40s. for each Skin#

^ XI. Provided always, That if any such Butcher, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall give No-

tice in Wiiting to the Inspector or Inspectors of such City, Town Corporate, Borough, or Market Town,

of his or her intention of carrying his or her Raw Hides or Skins to any other Place where any Inspector or

Inspectors shall be appointed under this Act, for any Period not Ms than one Calendar Month, following

the Date of such Notice; then, and in such Cafe, it shall be lawful for such Butcher, or other Person or

Persons a? aforesaid, to carry tuch Raw Hides or Skins to any such other Place as aforesaid, during the Pe-

riod mentioned in such Notice, for the Purpose of having the fame Hides or Skins examined and marked in

pursuance of this Act, and from Time to Time to renew such Notice for any further Period, not less than

one Calendar Month as aforesaid.

If any Person

shall give No-

tice to the In-

speftor of his

Intention to

carry his Raw

Hides to any

other Place for

Jnfpettion for

not less than a

Month, he may

do so.

XII. And be it further enacted, That irveafe any Difference of Opinion or Dispute shall arise between

any Butcher or other Person or Persons, and any Inspector or Inspectprs, whether any Hide or Skin has been

injured in the flaying thereof, or rendered less ult ful and valuable for the Purpose of Leather, within the In-

tent and Meaning of this Act, then and in such Cafe it shall be lawful for any Magistrate or Justice of the

Peace, before whom such Difference or Dispute shall be brought by any such Inspector or inspettors, or

Butcher or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, and he is htreby authorized, empowered, and required

within forty-eight Hours to fuinmon any five impartial and respectable Persons, who shall be engaged or

concerned in the working or manufacturing of I cather, to whom, or to any three or more of such Persons

foiummoned as aforesaid, such Difference or Dispute shall be referred, and who are hereby authorized and

required to hear and finally determine the fame within the Sp^ce of twenty-four Hours; and before any such

Person so summoned shall ac! in hearing or determining any such Dispute, he shall take an Oath before such

Magistrate or Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, (which Oath the said Magistrate or Justice of the Peace is

hereby empowered to administer,) that he will do equal Justice between the Parties concerned in such Dif-

ference or Dispute, and such Magistrate or Justice of the Peace shall cause the Raw Hide or Skin, or Raw

Hides or Skins whereon such Difference or Dispute shall arise, to be produced to such Persons as afore-

said, and such Difference or Dispute to be heard before them; and the Decision of fucif Persons, or the ma-

jor Part of them thereon, shall be binding and conclusive on all the Parties intended in such Difference*

or Dffpute, and the Party or Parties against whom such Decision shall be given shall be Liable to and pay

the Coils of summoning, and Attendance of such Persons before-mentioned, and all incidental Ex-

pences incurred thereby, to be settled, ascertained, and allowed by the Magistrate or Justice of the Peace

who shall summon such Persons as aforesaid.

In case of Dif-

putc whether

Hid's have been

injured,the

Magistrate shall

summon five

Ptrfom engaged

in the working

of Leather,

three of whom

may determine

finally the fame.

Such Persons to

take an Oath to

do equal Juf-

tice.

The Party v

against whom

the Decision

shall be given

shall pay all Ex-

pences, to be ascertained by the Magistrate.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be duly summoned upon any such Dif-

ference or Dispute as aforesaid, shall neverthele<s refuse or negiedl to attend at the 'Time and Place mentioned

in such Summons, unless he shall give such Reason for his Non attendance as may be deemed satisfadlory by

the Magistrate or Justice of the Peace (urrmoning such Jury, he shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence

the Sum of forty Shillings.

XiV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted and imposed by this Act,

and not otherwise dffposed of*, shall go and be J'ftributed in Manner following; (that is to say,) one

Half of every such Penalty or Forfeiture shall go and be paid to the Person who shall inform against, and

prosecute

Persons sum-

moned and not

attending to

forfeit 40s.

Application of

Penalties.

[*&*§ 8.]

