5^4

Penalties /hall

be levied by

Distress and

Sale; or Of-

fenders may be

imprisoned, not

exceeding three

Months.

Pariftroners

may be Wit-

neii'es*

C. 15. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the several Forfeitures and Penakies mflifted -by this Act shall, if

not immediately paid, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by virtue of a

Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Tuftice of the Peace havingjuritliftion where such Offender shall

dwell, rendering to the said Offender the Overplus, if any, after the Charge of such Distress and Sale shall

be deduced; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, then it shall be lawful for such Tuftice to

commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for a Term not

exceeding three Calendar Months, unless the said Forfeiture and Charges shall be sooner paid; and the

said Forfeitures, when recovered in England, shall be paid, one Half to the Informer; and the other Haft

to the said respective Treasurers, to be applied in Aid of the Rates aforesaid; and any Person shall be

deemed a competent Witness for the Execution of any of the Purposes of this Act, notwithstanding his

paying or being liable to pay towards such Poor Rates or County Rates; and incase the said Forfeitures (halt

be recovered in Scotland, they shall be paid, one Half to the Informer, and the other Half ta the Sheriff os

Stewart of such County or Stewartry, wherein the said Default shall be committed*

SCHEDULE*

I.

QUESTIONS to which, by Directions of an Act passed in the forty-first Year of the Rergn of his M*

w jetty King George the Third, intituled, An A<3 for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain;

and of tbs Increase or Diminution thereof \ written Answers-are to be returned by tneReftor, Vicar, Curate,

or Officiating Minister, and Overseers of the Poor, or (in Default thereof) by some othes substantial

Householder, of every Parish, Township, and Place, (including those Places also which are Extra-

parochial,) in England; and by the Schoolmasters or other Persons to be appointed*under the said Act for

every Parish in Scotland; signed by them respectively, and attested upon Oath or Affirmation by the said

Overseers, or (in Default thereof) by such other substantial Householders as aforesaid, in England,\ and by

the Schoolmasters or other such Persons as aforesaid in Scotland; for which Purpose they are to attend the

Justices of the Peace, within their respective Jurisdictions, at such Times and Places as the said Justices

of the Peace shall appoint, on Pain of incurring the Penalties imposed by the said Act for every wilful De-

fault or Neglect.

ift. How many inhabited Houses are there in your Parish, Township, or Place; by how many Families

are they occupied; and, how many Houses therein are Uninhabited

ad. How many Persons (including Children of whatever Age) are there actually found within the Li-

mits of your Parlfh, Township, or Place, at the Time of talcing this Account, distinguiQring Males

an i Fences, and exclusive of Men actually serving in his Majesty’s Regular Forces or Militia,

and exclusive of Seamen either in his Majesty's Service or belonging to Registered Vessels

jd. What Number of Persons in your Parish, Township, or Place, are chiefly employed in Agriculture;

how many in T rade, Manufactures, or Handicraft; and, how many are not comprized iivany of the

preceding Classes?

What was the Number of Baptisms and Burials in your Parish, Township, or Place, in the several

Years 1700, 1710, 1720, 1730, 1740, 1750,1760, 1770, 1780, and each subsetjuent Year to the 31ft

Day of December 1800, distinguishing Males from Females

5th. What has been thr Number of Marriages in your Parish, Township, or Place, in each Year, from

the Year 1754 inclusive to the End of the Year 1800

6th. Are there any Matters which you think it necessary to remark in Explanation of your Answers toaog

of the preceding Questions?

FORM

