i8o

In Cafes ci“

Exigency, Ships

may he hired

for any particu-

lar Service*

A& shall not

extend to

Packets or

Vctfels em-

ployed in the

Marine £rta»

H ihnicnt in

India.

Eye Laws of

the Company,

rvpugnant

to this A6>, to

remain in Force.

a6 Geo. 3.

c. 107.

37GU). 3. c. 3.

The Con (tables,

Arc. in Midd le-

ft* and.Surrey,

required to re-

turn Lifts of

•I'-cilcns iudie SO

C. 89, 90. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Purpose of such Meeting shall be given in the London Gazette ; and if such Commander shall be then living,

or if he should have loft his Life, or have been absolutely disabled from further Service on the Occasion

which produced the Loss of the said Ship, and the Chief Officer of the said Ship should have exerted himself

T honourably for her Defence and Safety, either in Fight or Distress at Sea, and shall be acquitted in Manner

herein-before mentioned, from all Imputation of Neglect or Miscondu&in respect of such Loss, and such

Acquittal (hallalfobe confirmed in Manner herein-before mentioned, then it shall and may be lawful for the

Court of Directors to agree with the Owners of such Ship so loft: to build another Ship for the Service of

* the said Company, to be employed by them at the fame Freight and pemorage, and upon the fame Terms

for and on which such loll Ship was originally taken up, for the Number of Vovr.gcs which such loft Ship had

not completed of the Number of Voyages originallycontraftedfor, so as the Owners shall agree that, at the

Expiration of the remaining Voyage or Voyages, such new Ship shall continue in the Service of the said

United Company untd (he shall have performed fix Voyages, which subsequent Voyages shall federally be

performed at the lowest Rate of Freight and Dcmorage, either in Peace or War, which shall be payable

in respect of the Ship, of a fimiiar Defer iption as to the Equipment, contrafted for last before the said Ship

shall proceed upon each of the said subsequent Voyages: Provided always, 'That such Ship so rebuilt shall

be commanded in the first Instarcc by the Captain of the former Ship, if he be able to serve, and failing of

him, by the said Chief Officer of the former Ship, if he be able to serve.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Court of Directors

of the said United Company, or their Servants abroad, in Cafes of unforeseen Exigency, to hire Ships for

any particular Service; and in Cafes of Ships so hired, publick Notice shall be given by Advertisement of

the Ships or Tonnage wanted, and the Service required; fourteen Days at least previous to the Time ap-

pointed for taking up the fame ; and the Propofds to be made in pursuance of such Advertisenients shall be

put into a Box locked and sealed, which shall not be opened, except publickly in a Court of Directors, or by

the Governor and Council, where the Contract shall be made in any of the Company’s Settlements in India»

and then the 1 owe it Tender or Tenders shall be accepted, without favourer Partiality, if it shall be deemed

reasonable, and if upon a due Examination and Survey the Ship or Ships tendered shall appear to be in all

Respects fit for the Service required. /•

VII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, in any

ways to relate to Ships or Vessels hired or taken up or employed as Pacquets, or any of the Sh.ps or Vessels

belonging to or employed in the Marine War Establishment of the said United Company in the East India ;

hut it shall and may be lawful for the said United Company, and tlveir Court of Directors and Ser-

vants Abroad, to hire, take up, and employ Vessels for thoie Purposes only, in such Manner as they

shall fee fit.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That aTl and every, and so much and such Part of the Bye Laws,

Rules, and Regulations of the said United Company, and of their Court of Directors, now in force, and

hereafter to be made, any way relating to the shipping Concerns of the said Company, and to the Com-

manders and Officers in their Service, which are not, or shall not be inconsistent with or repugnant to the

Provisions hereby enacted, shall remain and be of the fame Validity, Force, and Effect, and shall be ob-

served in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the fame Bye Laws, Rules, and Regulations, or such

Parts thereof as aforesaid, would have been in Force, and ought to have been observed if this Act had not

been made ; or to restrain the said Company from repealing or making any Bye Laws, so as they shall not

be inconsistent with the Provisions herein contained ; this Act cr-any Thing herein contained to thacontrary

thereof in any wise noiwithfhnding.

CAP. XC.

An Act to amend two Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth and tTiirty-seventh Years of the

Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the fame relate to the Militia of the Counties of

Middlesex and Surrey ; and for applying certain Monies remaining in the Hands of the

Clerks to the Deputy Lieutenants of the County of Middlesex, and other Persons, to-

wards the completing of the said Militia.—[12th July 1799.]

* XWHEREAS it is expedient that the fever.il Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth and thirty-seventh

4 VV Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, respecting the Militia of this Kingdom should be

4 amended, so far as relate to the several Particulars herein-after-mentioned, so far as relate to the County

4 of Mul'UcJcx and the County of Surrey ; and that certain Sums of Money now remaining in the Hands

* of the Clerks to the Deputy Lieutenants of the County of Aluhlirfex, should be applied to the completing

4 the Militia of the said County : May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted •/ and be

it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

T hat the several Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, and other Officers, in the several Parishes within

the County of ATiddlt/\r, and within the County of Surrey, required to return Lifts of Persons liable

to serve in the Militia, shall, within fourteen Days after any such Returns shall be required, after the paf-

sing of this Act, give or leave Notice to or for every Occupier of every Dwelling House where any Person

shall reside, within the Limits of the Places for which they aft as such Constables or other Officers as afore-

*5 said*

