A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III.

C. 3*

IN. And be it further enacted, That, for and towards railing the several Sums of Money hereby charged

on Persons in respect of PubHck Offices or Employments of Profit, all and every Person and Persons, and all

and every Commissioner and Commissioners, having, using, or exercising, any Publick Office or Employ,

ment of Profit in England, Wales* or Berwick, as aforesaid. which is or shall be rated or assessed by virtue

of an Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for grant-

ing an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thou-

sand seven hundred"and ninety-eight* and all and every their Clerks, Agents, Secondaries, Subltitutes, and

other inferior Ministers whatsoever, (such Military Officers who are or shall be in Muster by the Muster-

Master General of his Majesty’s Army, or in ray in his Majesty’s Army or Navy, in respect of such

Offices only excepted,) shall yield and pay unto his Majesty any Sum not exceeding the Sum at which such

Office or Employment is or (nail be assessed in the Year commencing from the t\yenty-fifth Day of March

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, determined by virtue of the said Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax,

to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thovfanajeven hundred and ninety-eighty and that

a!! and every Person and Persons, Guilds, Fraternities, Bodies Politick and Corporate, having an Annuity,

Penfiop, Stipend, or other yearly Payment, either out of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer in

England, or out of any Branch of his Majesty’s Revenue in Great Britain, or payable, or secured to be

paid by any Person or Persons whatsoever in Great Britain, (not being or issuing out of any Lands, Tene*

ments, or Hereditaments, or charged upon the fame, or included in any Afl'ertment made upon Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, mentioned in the said AS, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in

Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty and not being Annui-

ties or yearly Payments, which, by any Act or Acts of Parliament made, or to be made, are or shall be

especially exempted from the Payment of Taxes or Aids,) shall yield and pay unto his Majesty the Sum of*

four Shillings for every twenty Shillings, by the Year, for every such Annuity, Pension, Stipend, or yearly

Payment respectively, and after that .Rate for one whole Year ; the said several Rates and Sums of Money

hereby granted to be arteffed, imposed, levied, and collected, in such Manner as herein-after is mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted. That, for the better assessing, ordering, levying, and collecting of the

several Sums of Money, so as aforesaid limited and appointed to be raised and paid in the aforesaid Part of

Great Britain, called England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweedy and for the more effectual putting this Act

in Execution in Reference to the feme, all and every the Person and Persons who, in and by an Act of

Parliament, made and passed in the thirty-seventh Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for ap-

pointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intit uledy An Act for

granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Taxy to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year

c one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven ;’ or in and by another Act, made and passed in the thirty-

eighth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of

the Commissioners appointed by an Ally made in the last Session of Parliamenty to but in Execution an Ad7, made

in the same Session, intit uledy * An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land TaXy to be raised in Great

€ Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven? and for appointing other

' Commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session

of Parliamenty for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land TaXy to be rased in Great Britain,ybr the Ser-

vice of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted

'as Commissioners for executing the said At7, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Taxf to be raised in

• Great Britain for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety seveny were named and ap-

Sminted Commissioners for nutting in Execution the feme Acts within the several Counties, Ridings, Cities,

oroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divisions, and Places, of England, WaleSy and Town of Berwick upon

Tweedy duly aualifying themselves according to the said Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land TaXy to be raised in

Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty in that Behalf, shall be

Commissioners for putting in Execution this present Act, and the Powers therein contained, within and for

all and every the Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places, situate within the feme

Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divisions, and Places, respectively.

V. And be it further enacted, 1 hat the several Commissioners aforesaid shall meet together at the most

usual and common Places of Meeting within their respective Hundreds, Lathes, Rapes, Wapentakes,

Wards, and other Divisions respectively, within England, IP ales, and Berwick upon Tweedy within which

they are appointed Commissioners, on or before the thirtieth Day of April one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-nine; and shall meet afterwards in like Manner, as often as it shall be necessary, for putting

fe much of this Act in Execution as is hereby committed to their Care and Charge; and the said Commit-

sioners, or so many of them as shall be present at such Meetingor Meetings, or the major Part of them, are

hereby authorized and required to inspect and examine the Assessments made by virtue of the said Act, for

the Year ending on the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and

ascertain the several and.respective Sums of Money charged by virtue of the said Act, in every rarish,Con-

stablewick. Division, Allotment, or Place, for apd in respect of any Estate in ready Money, Debts,

Goods Wares Merchandizes Chattels, or other Personal Estate; and also for and in respect of any Offices

or Employments of Profit, Annuities, Pensions or Stipends, as aforesaid, by any Assessment made for the

bid Year ending on the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and

fcpasate, divide, and set down in Writing, the Amount of the several and respective Sums charged upon

- B a Estates

3

Offices and Em-

ployments rated

by 3$ Geo 3.

c. 5. (Military

Offices of the

Army or Navy

excepted) Quit

pay the Rnte

afTdTed thtreon

under that Act ;

(§3)

and Pensions

and Annuities

(not issuing out

of Premises, or

included in any

A (Teamen:

upon them,

under 380*0.3.

c. 5. or not ex-

empted) shall

pay 4 s. in the

Pound-

Commissi oners

of the Land

Tax appointed

by 37 Geo. 3.

c. 35. and 38

Geo. 3. c. *6.

shall put this Act

in Execution,

Commissioners

shall meet on or

before April 30,

toinfped tM

Atteffinents lor

the Year end-

ing March 15,

1799, on Per-

fonal Estate,

Offices. &c. and

distinguish them

from tlioft on 4

Land;

