H2 ' C. 44, 45,46.. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

when 'entitled, or discharged, it shall be lawful for such Person to apply to the Court of King’s Bench tn England, or to

to be tried or any Judge of that Couft, or to the Court of Judiciary in Scotland, or to any Judge of that Court, to be

discharged, such discharged; and if it Pi all appear to such Court or such Judr;c that such Person, if in Custody in Ireland,

P*rion may . W0u|d be entitled to be tried or discharged, it shall be lawful for fu.ch Court or such Judge to order such Per-

Cauryto9f King’s f°n to be discharged, or to be sent to Ireland, to be dealt with according to Law,

tench in England, or Court of Julticiary in Scotland, or one of the Judges, who Pnail order him t^he discharged orient to Ireland#

Continuance of IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the said first Day of March

/IiiSi^,%March one thousand eight hundred and no longer.

a may be ai-. X. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to

tered or repealed be made in this present SedTion of Parliament#

thus ScfTiun.

' CAP. XLV.

An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-four, videlicet, on the twenty-sixth

Day of November one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, intituled, An All to

explain and amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other

Punishment of certain Offenders, as relates to the Punishment of burping in tilt Hand

of certain Persons convicted of Felony within the Benefit of Clergy.

. _ ' [20th May 1799.]

4 XX 7 HEREAS an Act was made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other

4 Punishment of certain Offenders: And whereas so much of the said Act as relates to the Punishment of

4 burning in the Hand when any Person is convicted for Felony within the Benefit of Clergy, which was

4 to continue in force until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and from

4 thence to the End of the then next Session of-Parliament; and which was, by three Acts made in the

4 twenty-fourth, twenty-eighth, and thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, further con-

4 tinued until the first Day otfune one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the End

; 4 of the then next Session of Parliament, has been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the

4 fame should be made perpetual;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-

so much ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act as relates to the Punish-

1 litreof as relates ment of burning in the Hand, when any Person is convicted of Felony within the Benefit of Clergy, shall

and the fame ishereby made perpetual,

in the Hand made perpetual, re. 46, 5a. c/* this ScJJiniJ

*9 Oed.3. c. 74.

(Continued by

24 Geo. 3. ft. 2.

c 56}

«3 Ceo.‘3#

c. 24; and

34.Geo. 3.

c. 6s.) recited 5

19 Geo 3.

£.74. (ccr.ti.

nued by 24

.(to. 3. ft. *.

« 56»

2 8 Geo. 3 c 24;

and 34 Geo. 3.

c. 60.) recited:

«nd so much

l hereof as relates

to the Lodgings

of Judges at

County A lazes,

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-four, videlicet, on the twenty-sixth Day of

November one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, intituled, An Act to explain

and amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and ether Punishment

of certain Offenders, as relates to the Lodgings of Judges at Copnty Assizes.

[20th May 1^99.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act to explain and amend' the Laivs relating to the Transportction, Imprisonment, and ether

Punishment of certain Offenders: And whereas so much of the said Act as relates to the Lodgings of

Judges at Coanty Afiizesl which was to continue in force until th^ first Day cl June one thousand (even

hundred ^nd eighty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which

was, by three Acts, made in the twenty-fourth, twenty-eighth, and thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of his

present Majesty, further continued until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, has been found useful and bene-

ficial, and it is expedient that the fame should be made perpetual be it therefore enacted by the King’s

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the

said Act, as relates to the Lodgings of Judges at County Assizes, shall be, and the same is hereby made per-

petual.

made perpttual. [&<«■. 45. 52. of this S-fcn]

CAP.

C.oooole

