A. D. 1800. Anno 39* & 40® Georgii III. C. 100, 101. 463

Successors, or from any Persons duly authorized by his Majesty, to grant such Commissions or Letters of jnto ImM*-

Service, which Commissions and Letters of Service, it shall be lawful for his said Majesty, or for any JC y* emccv

Person duly authorized in that Behalf as aforesaid to grant: Provided also, That no such Officer when he No such Officeiy

shall be reduced, shall be entitled to receive Half Pay: Provided nevertheless, That when any such Officer when 1reduced,

shall be tendered incapable of Military Service, by YVounds or Infirmities, contracted while he shall be dif- ply .*

charging his Military Duty during the Period of his continuing to serve as such Officer under the Provisions but -J rcncjcr«!

of this A<B ; then and in such Cafe, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to make such Provilton for such Officer incapable of

as he shall think proper and necessary, so that such Provision shall in no Cafe exceed the Half Pay of the Service while

Rank in the British Service, ftmilar to what such Officer shall have held at the Time of becoming so inca- discharging hi#

pable as aforesaid: Provided also, 1'hat no such Person as aforesaid shall be liable to any Pain, Penalty, or . piy*

Forfeiture whatever, for having accepted any such CommilFton, or inlisted as a Soldier in any such Regi- vide for lurn,

ment as aforesaid, by reason ol his having profelltd the Popish Religion, and not having declared the fame at &c.

the Time of his inlilting.

VII. Provided always, and be it further cnadlc 3, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, in every Cafe His Majesty

where he shall deem it necefl'ary or expedient, to bring any such Troops as aforesaid, to any Port or Place may bung such

in Great Britain for the Purpose of Rendezvous, or with a View to Operations abroad, and also to land

such Troops in any Part of Great Britain for Health or Exercise, so that there shall not be, within this forRende*l

Kingdom, more in the Whole than six thousand Men at any oneTime ; any Thing herein contained to the vous, &c.

contrary notwithstanding : Provided nevertheless. That such Troops (Ball not, excepting during their March

from one Part of Great Britain to another, be flattened at any greater Dttlance from the Sea Coast than

twenty Miles: Provided also, That such Troops shall in no Cafe be billetted or quartered, either during

their March or other wise, but shall be encamped or Rationed in Barracks, as may be mod expe-

dient.

VIII. And be it further enacted. That all such Officers and Soldiers aforesaid respectively shall, whilst in Officers and

his Maji fly’s Service as aforesaid, be subject and liable to such Articles of War as his Majesty shall think Soldiers shall be

fit to eltablish, for the better Government of such Forces, and[for bringing Offenders against the fame to Articks'of1^

Justice, and for constituiing Courts Martial, with Power to try, hear, and determine any Crimes or Of- Warcttablirtied

fences byr such Articles of YVar, and inflidl Penalties by Sentence or Judgment of the fame: Provided al- by his Ma-

ways, 'That no Officer shall, by such Articles of War, be subject to any Punishment extending to Life or jetty,

Limb, for any Crime which is not expressed to be so punishable by an Add of this Session of Parliament*

(intituled. An AM for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their

Quarters,) nor for such Crimes as are expressed to be so punishable in the said Act, in any Manner, or un-

der any Regulations which shall not accord with the Provisionsof the said Act: Provided also. That every.

Person who shall be enlisted as a Soldier under the Authority of this Act, shall be attested in such Manner

as his Majesty shall direct by such Articles of War, and not otherwise; and that such Officers and JSoldiers

respectively shall take such Oath for their Fidelity, during their Continuance in his Majesty’s Service, as

his Majesty shall in like Manner direct, and no other.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be in force, and have Continuance during the Term of Continuance of?

the said Agreements respectively signed by his Majesty’s Commands between his Serene Highness the

Prince Stadtholder and the Right Honourable Lord Grenville, and from the End thereof to the End of the '

then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. CL

An Act to give further Time for the Payment, on the Conditions therein mentioned, of Iuftalments on

certain Loans advanced to the House of Alexander Hcuflouti and Company, to Charles Ashwell tfquire,

and to William Johnstone Esquire, being Persons connected with and trading to the Iilands of Grenada and

Saint Vincent. [28th "July 1800.]

44 35 Geo. III. Cap. 127. 37 Geo. III. Cap. zy. and 39 Geo. III. Cap. n. and 39 & 40 Geo. III. Cap. 13.

44 recited. The Treasury may extend the Times for Repay ment by the Persons herein mentioned, of the

44 Loans made to them, upon such Securities as they shall deem sufficient, and shall cause the Sufficiency

44 of Securities to be ascertained in like Manner as the Commissioners under recited Acts aie empowered

44 to do. § 1. Sureties for Repayment of Loans at the Times limited by the recited Acts, willing to re-

44 main so, for Repayment of Loan at the Expiration of extended Time, shall signify their Consent in such

44 Form as the 1 reafury may direct, which shall be binding, Ac. § z. After such Consent of ori-

44 ginal Sureties, and such further Securities as shall be required are obtained, the Treasury may allow the

44 Parties an Extension of the Times of Repayment of such Loans, by three Instalments on Jan. 3, 1804,

4: 1803, and 1806. §3. Treasury may appoint Trustees of the Estates specified imSchcdules annexed.

44 T rullces shall have the Controul of the Mercantile Concerns of Alex. Houfoun and Co. Ac. § 4.

44 Estates of the Persons aforesaid veiled in the Trustees for the Purposes herein specified. Nothing herein

44 shall prejudice any Preference obtained in Scotland, on the Estates of iMeflrs. Mac Douall, Ac. § 5.* The

44 giving Security under this Act, not to be deemed an Act of Bankruptcy. § 6. Treasury'may cause

44 such Allowances or Annuities to be paid to any of the Persons herein mentioned, or Persons entitled to

44 the Estates specified in the Schedule, Ac, as they think reasonable. §7. Treasury shall have the fame

44 Powers, with respect to the Persons applying for Relief, and to recovering Repayment of Loans, under

44 this Act, as the Commissioners under recited Acts. § 8. Commissioners under recited Acts indemnified

w for any Thing done relative to the Estates in the Schedules, (Ac. § 9.”

8 CAP,

