i56 C. 80. ' Anno-tricesimb nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799;

Slaves th.»n in

ike Proportion

el ten to each

Person coinpof-

inij the Crew

fiuil be taken

oti board.

If more than

two Fifths of

the Siayes be

Children, five

of the Surplus

shall be deemed

Crews of some of the Vessels employed in transporting them :* Be it further enacted, under the Penalty

aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful to carry away from the Coaftof Africa, on board any such Ship or

Vessel, any greater Number of Slaves than in the Proportion of ten to each of the Mariners or other free

Persons composing the Crew, who shall, at the Time of clearing Outwards for the Voyage, belong to the

said Vefiel, and be actually serving on board thereof; and that all such Seamen (ha 1 so remain until the

Arrival of the said Veil'd at her mil: Port of Delivery in the IVejl Indies, (Death and unavoidable Accidents

only excepted).

IX. Provided always. That if there shall be in any such Ship or Vessel anymore than two fifth Parts of the

Slaves who shall be Children, and who shall not exceed four Feet four Inches in Height, then every five such

Children over and above the aforesaid Proportion of two Fifths, shall be deemed and taken to be-equal to four

of the said Slaves, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act*

equal to four Slaves. 1

No Cargo of

Slaves, of what

evtr Dimcn-

f ons the Vessel,

shallcxcecd4oo.

Act /hall not

extend to the

taking of Slaves

on board in

cases of Ship-

wreck, Mutiny,

cr any Dili 1 els

of the Vessel.

Matter* of Vef-

icls jhull not re-

move FaJfe

Decks for the

Reception of

Slaves, till such

Slavt-5 are land*

ed, on Penalty

Of 2GOi.

Matters of Vef

feb, before they

land any Slaves

in the Weft In*

dies, shall give

in a written

Declaration to

the Officer of

the Customs of

the greatest

Number of

Hives per-

mitted to be

earned in such

Vessels,

and if they land

Slaves contrary

hereto, shall

forfeit 50c!.

Officers of the

Culloms shall

take an Account

of the Slaves on

hoard such Vef-

’ fcls, &c. on Pe-

nalty cf 5C0I.

Where there is

no Oificti of

the Customs,

any Civil Offi-

cer may receive

the Declaration

oi the Master, j

*c.

Penalty on

makiDg or pro-

curing false pc-

tUrttien.

X. Provided always. That the Number cf Slaves taken or to be taken on board any Vefiel, of any Mea*

furement whatever, in consequence of the Regulations and Allowances of this Act* shall in no case exceed

four hundred.

XI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend, orbe construed to extend, to fheCafe

of a Ship taking on board any Number of Slaves that shall be found (hipwrecked, or from on board any

other Ship or Vessel where, by reason of Mutiny or Insurrection among the Slaves or the Crew, dr by Failure

of Hands, or by any actual Distress of the Vessel, the Matter or Commander shall be disabled from governing

the Ship or continuing the Voyage, the Proof of which shall lie upon the Matter or other Pcifon having.

Charge ol such Ship or Vessel so taking on board such Slaves.

XII. And be it further enacted, That after the Surveying Officer shall have examined and measured any

Ship or Vessel, as herein-beforedirefted, it shall not be lawful for the Matter or Owner thereof to remove, or

cause to be removed, any F loor or False Deck which shall have been fixed in the Hold for the Reception of

Slaves, as he rein-before directed, except for the Purposeof loading or unloading his said Vessel on the

outward-bound Voyage, or other unavoidable Necessity; or to do, or cause or suffer to bedone, any other

Matter or Thing whereby the Height of the Places or Apartments allotted for the Reception of Slaves

shall be dim ini fried, until all the Slaves which shall have been taken on board such Ship or Vessel shall have

been discharged or landed therefrom, under the Penalty of two hundred Pounds for every such Offence.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That on the Arrival of any such Ship or Vessel in any Island in the

IVcJl Indies belonging to or under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, from the Coast of

Africa, carrying or conveying any such Slaves as aforesaid, the Matter or other Person having or taking the

Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall, before any of the said Slaves shall be unshipped or landed

from such Ship or Vessel, repair to the neared Cuttom House, and there give in a written Declaration to the

Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, (who is hereby required to accept and preserve the fame,)

of the greated Number of Slaves permitted to be carried in such Ship ot Vessel, and shall at the fame Time

shew to such Officer the Certificate annexed to the Clearance thereof, and shall also give in a written

Declaration to the said Officer, (who is hereby required to accept and preserve the fame,) containing an

exact and true Account of the greated Number of such Slaves, (distinguishing the Number of Males and Fe-

males, and specifying the Number of such Slaves as shall exceed the aforesaid Height of four Feet four

Inches,) who are or shall have been at any one Time in or on board such Ship or Vessel, before, when, or

after such Ship or Vessel quitted'or departed from the Coast of Africa for that Voyage; and if such Matter

or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or V e(Te), shall unffiip or land, or

shall cause to be unshipped or landed, or shall wilfully permit or suffer to be unshipped or landed, any such

Slaves, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Master or other Person^as aforesaid

shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, for every such

Offence, and one Moiety of the said Forfeiture shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the

Other Moiety shall go to the Person or Persons who shall first sue for the same; and it shall and may be

lawful for such Collector or other Chief Officer of the Cudoms, and he is hereby required, to search or

to cause Search to be made in every Part of such Ship or Vessel, to fee and to take an Account of the Numbef

of such Slaves on board such Ship or Vessel, and to specify in such Account the Number of Males and Fe-

males, and also the Number of Slaves not exceeding four Feet four Inches in Height, and without Delay to

transmit such Account, attested under his Hand ana Seal, to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs irt

London, under the Penalty of five hundred Pounds.

XIV. Provided always, That in case the said Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs shall be

absent, or that there shall be no such Officer in any such Island where the said Ship shall arrive as aforesaid, cf

in case there shall be no other Officer of the Revenue, then any Civil Officer in the said Island shall be, and

he is hereby authorized and required, upon Application as aforesaid, to receive and preserve the said Declar-

ation of the Burthen of such Ship as aforesaid, and to perform all the other Duties aforesaid, which the said

Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs is hereby required to perform.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person making any Declaration by this Act authorized or

required to be made, shall therein be guilty of wilful Falsehood, or if any Person shall procure or. foborn any

Person to become guilty of such wilful Falsehood, every such Person shall be deemed guilty of a Mifdemeapor,

and

boogie

