£02

C. 107. Anno tricesimo nono Georg ti III. A. D. 1799.

Penalty of 500I.

on the Persons

keeping such

Accounts for

omitting to en-

ter any un-

stamped Note,

or making any

false Entry.

and delivering arty such Register or Certificate as aforesaid, the said Commissioners and their Officers are

hereby respectively authorized to refuse such Licence.

XvIL And be it further enacted, That, if any Person, whose Duty it shall be to keep such'Book or

Books of Account as aforesaid, shall knowingly omit to make a proper Entry in the Book or Books kept

for that Purpose of any undamped Note, Bill, or Ticket, aforesaid, issued, re-issued, or negociated determined by

the Bank or Banking Company licensed to issue the said undamped Notes, Bills, or Tickets, or (halt

knowingly make any false Entry in any such Book or Books, or shall be guilty of any Fraud or gross Ne-

gled in his Duty, every such Person shall, so offending, for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of

five hundred Pounds.

Banks licensed

to issue un-

damped 5s.

Notes to have

certain Words

on their Hou tea,

or in their Of-

fices, on Pe-

nalty of toL and

Forfeiture of

Licence.

The Bark or the

Royal Bank of

Scotland may

4flue unstamped

Notes for il.or

iL 1 s. on giving

Bond with cer-

tain Conditions.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Bank *and Banking Company, so to be licensed ay

aforesaid to issue Notes, Bills, and Tickets upon undamped Paper, shall cause the Words 44 Licensed to

44 issue Notes, Bills, and 'Pickets of five Shillings each without stamp” to be painted or written in large-

and legible Characters either over the Door or in some visible Place either on the Front of every House

or in some conspicuous Place within the same, where the Business of such Bank or Banking Com-

pany shall be transa&ed, or such Notes, Bills, and Tickets aforesaid shall be issued, re-issued, or paidr and

which Place shall have been approved of by the said Commissioners, or their Officer appointed by them

for that Purpose ; and if any Bank or Banking Company shall issue any such undamped Notes, Bills, or

Tickets as aforesaid, without having so painted or written and put up such Words in Manner herein-

before directed, every such Bank and Banking Company so offending shall for everjf such Offence forfeit and

pay the Sum of ten Pounds, and the Licence so granted to such Bank or Banking Company shall be void to

all Intents and Purposes.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of

Scotland shall be desirous of ifl’uing and re-issuing Notes in the Nature of Bank Notes, payable to the Bearer

on Demand, for Sums of one Pound or one Pound and one Shilling Sterling each or either of them, with-

out the fame being damped as by this Act is direcded, it shall be lawful for them (o to do, on giving Se-

curity by Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in which Bond two of the Directors of each

of the said Banks shall be the Obligors, together with such Cashier or Cadiiers, or Accountant or Ac-

countants employed by such Banks as the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties shall require, and such

Bonds shall be taken in such reasonable Sums as the Duties may amount unto during the Period of one

Year, in Manner before direfled, with Condition to enter or cause to be entered in Books to be prepared

for that Purpose, an Account of all undamped Notes, Bills, and Tickets for Sums of one Pound or one

Pound and one Shilling respectively, which shall be, at any Time or Times after the said first Day of

December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, issued by the said Banks respectively, and from

Time to Time and once at least in every six Months, and at all such other Times as the fame shall be

required by the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, shall exhibit to the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland

an Account of the Sums payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon such Notes so issued by

them as aforesaid, and verify the fame Account before the said Barons, upon the Oaths of two Diredfors

of such Banks respectively, and of the said Cashier or Cadiiers, Accountant or Accountants, or such of

them as the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties (lull require ; and shall also cause Payment to be made

to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall have authorized to receive the same, of all such

Sums of Money as aforesaid, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on due Per-

formance thereof such last-mentioned Bond shall be void ; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners

The Bank and

the Royal Bank

of Scotland may

re-issue their

Notes of il. and

al. is. In Cir-

culation prior to

Dec. 1, 1799,

upon keeping

an Account,

and paying the

Duty,under this

Act, for which a

Stipulation shall

be irtferted in Tonds.

to fix the Times and Places of making such Payment, and to specify the fame in the Condition to every such.

Bond, and to renew the fame from Time to Time in the Manner herein-before directed as to other Bonds-

herein mentioned.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted. That it shall be lawful to and for the fold Bank of Scotland and

Royal Bank of Scotland respectively, at their principal Offices in Edinburgh or at any of their Branches

now eff?blished, or which hereafter may be established, to re-issue such Notes of one Pound or of one

Pound and one Shilling as were in Circulation previous to the said first Day of December one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-nine, upon keeping an Account at Edinburgh of all such Notes so re-issued, and

accounting for and paying the Duty thereon, in the fame Way and Manner in all Respects as if such Notes

so re-iflutd had not formerly been in Circulation; and that for duly accounting for and paying such Duties

a Stipulation shall be inserted in the Condition of the Bond to be given by such Banks reflectively, and

that all Notes of five Shillings, of one Pound, or of one Pound and one Shilling, may be re-issued from

Time to Time, provided they have been once subjedted to and paid or accounted for the Duty hereby im-

posed*

At the Time of

applying for

Licences Bond

to be ,.ivcn in

such Sum as the

Commissioners

of Stamps may

think fit, for

fulfilling cert-in

Conditions.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That the Partner or Partners, or Agent or Agents afore-

said, or Cashier or Cashiers, or one of them, with two sufficient Sureties to be approved by the said Com-

missioners or their Officer to be appointed as aforesaid, shall at the Time of applying for such Licence

give or cause to be given Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in such Sum as the said Com-

missioners of Stamp Dudes or their Officer as aforesaid may think fit and. reasonable, so as the fame do not

exceed the probable Amount of the Duties hereby granted that will be payable from such Bank or Banking

Company licensed under this Act, within the Period of one Year from the Date of such Bond and during

the Continuance of such Licence, with a Condition that if such Bank or Banking Company (b. to be

bcensed as aforesaid shall from Time to Time cause to be entered in a Book or Books to be kept (or that

5 Purpose

