A. D. i8oo« Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 67. 363

That all Duty charged on the Import of Foreign or Colonial Goods into either Country shall, on their Duty 0 n *5?,

Export to the other, he either drawn back, or. the Amount, (if any be retained,) shall be placed to the

Credit of the Country to which they shall be so exported, so long as the Expenditure of the United nui Goods into

Kingdom shall be defrayed by proportional Contributions : Provided always, That nothing herein shall ex- either Country

•tend to take away any Duty, Bounty, or Prohibition, which exists with respect to Corn, Meal, Malt, shall be draw*

Flour, orBifcuit; but that all Duties, Bounties, or Prohibitions, on the said Articles, may be regu- hack, or if any

feted, varied, or repealed, from Time to Time, as the United Parliament shall deem expedient. becred!tedtothe

Country to which exported, so long as the Expenditure of the United Kingdom (hall’ be defrayed determined by proportion*! Contributions: Act Itiall not take

away toy Duty, Bounty, or Prohibition with respe& to Corn, &c. which may be regulated as the United Parliament shall deem expedient.

SCHEDULE, Number One.

0

Of the Articles to be charged with Coimtervailing Duties upon Importation from Ireland into Great

Britain, and from Great Britain into Ireland^ respectively, according to the Sixth Article of Union*

At

On Importation into Great Britain from Ireland.

articles.

BEER.—For every Barrel confiding of thirty-six Gallons, English Beer Mea-

sure, of Iri{h Beer, Ale, or Mum/which shall be imported into Great

Britain directly from Ireland, and so in proportion for any greater or less

Quantity, to be paid by the Importer thereof

Customs. Excite.

£* X. d. £. s. d*

BRICKS and TILES.1—For every thousand of Irish Bricks

For every thousand of Irish plain Tiles ...

For every thousand of Irish Pan or Ridge Tiles - - - • -

For every hundred of Irish Paving Tiles, not exceeding ten Inches square

For every hundred of Irish Paving Tiles exceeding ten Inches square

For every thousand of irish Tiles, other than such as are herein-before enu-

merated and described, by whatsoever Name or Names such Tiles are or

may be called or known - - * -

— 5 —

— 410

— 1* to

— 4 10

r 410

CANDLES.—For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Candles of Tal-

• low, and other Candles whatsoever (except Wax and Spermaceti)

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Candles; which may be made

of Wax or Spermaceti, or which are usually called or fold either for Wax

or Spermaceti, notwithstanding the Mixture of any other Ingredient there-

with - - - -

CHOCOLATE, (sfr.—For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Cocoa,

’ Cocoa Paste, or Chocolate - - -

CORDAGE; videlicet.—To be used as Standing Rigging, or other Cordage

made from Topt Hemp, the Ton, containing twenty hundred Weight 4 io 3

Of any other Sort, Cable Yarn, Packthread, and Twine, the Ton, containing

twenty hundred Weight % - - - -444

CYDER and PERRY.—For every Hogshead, confiding of sixty-three Gallons

English Wine Mtafure, of Irish Cyder and Perry, which shall be imported

as Merchandize or for Sale, and which shall be sent or consigned to any Fac-

for or Agent to fell or dispose of - - - ■ -

19 2

;GLASS.—For-every Square Foot Superficial Measure of IriJ; Plate Glass

For every hundred Weight of Irish Flint, Enamel, Stained, Paste, or Phial

-GJafe - - - - - I

3 A 2

- 2

236

For

