3$6

Duties on every

extra Gallon

distilled; viz.

3s. if from Bri-

tish Corn, tcc. ;

4s. 9d. from

Sugar; and 5s.

9d. from othfer

Foreign Mate-

rials

Officers of Ex-

cife shall

monthly take 411

Account of /

Stock of Dfcf*

filters f<Sr COn-

fumption in

Scotland, and

charge -for the

Exceft.

If the Quantity

of Spirits for

which the Duty

of 6d. per Gal-

lon shall be

charged, shill

fall short of

what it ought

to be, the Defi-

ciency shall bfe

charged vrith

the Duty.

Licences may

be given up to

be vacated on*

der certain

Conditions.

r . > -

C. 73. Anno 3^*’-Sc’14c0 IlL A. tl. xfeod.

a Still in the Highland District, such Duty shall he held to be the Licence Duty on the Spirits, maouWfoitd I

in such Still, lor and during one Year from and after the Day on which such Licence shall commence and I

take Efteci, at the Rate of fifty-two Gallons, and no more, English Wine Measure, of Spirits of the

Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof for each Gallon Content of such StilJ; and when any such

Licence Duties shall be respectively paid for any shorter Period of Time thau pne Yqar, (not, b$ing let

than one Calendar Month,) the like Proportions shall be observed respectively, as to the Quantity of Spirits

for which such Licence Duty shall be held to have been paid, according to the full Content or Capacity of

each and every such Still; and that for arid upon all Spirits which shall be manufactured from any such li-

censed Still respectively, during One Year as aforesaid, over and above the respective Quantities aforesaid,

for each Gallon Content of each such Still, and in and according to the fame Proportions for and during

any shorter Period, (not being less than one Month as aforesaid*) there shall be paid on Demand, by every

such Distiller, the Sum of three Shillings for every Gallon of such surplus Spirits of the Strength aforesaid,

which shall be distilled from Malt, Corn, or British Materials 1 of fourShdlmgs and nine Pence, for every

Gallon of such surplus Spirits of the Strength aforesaid, which mail bedHli)lejd from MelafteS or Sugar; and

of five Shillings and nine Pence, for every Gallon of such fui plus Spirits of; the Strength aforesaid* which

shall be distilled from other Foreign Materials, over arid above the respp&iye Licence Duties, and alloihet

Duties whatsoever. ' . , t

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Officers of Excise ffirfll once in every Calendar Month it

the least, and oftener when it shall appear necessary, or tyheri directed by any principal or geneFhl Officer of

Excise, or by the Surveyor or Superviso^ of the District, take an Account Qf the Stock of Spirits in the Pef-

session of all Diallers for Consumption in Scotland-, and if of taking such Accoynt the Quantity of Spirits

found in any such Stock, added to the Quantity fqf which Permits wall have been granted, Chat) be found to

exceed the Quantity of Spirits which ought only to have been made and distilled by ft*chi)iftiHer frost any

licensed Still according to its Size during the said Period, apd according to the Proportions herein-before rcS

speclively established and allowed, such Excess shall be immediately charged at and;aftet the aforesaid Raft

Pf three Shillings, four Shillings and nine Pence, or five Shillings and nine Pence respectively, as the Cafe

ttiay require, for every Gallon of such surplus Spirits of the Strength of oqe to ten Ofer Hydiorfteter Proof;

and such Duty shall be paid on Demand by the Distiller, piper apd ajWp *11 Other qp/Pain of for-

feiting For every Refusal or Neglefil tp make such* Paymep^. the IjJqtn, of for, each andevefy

Gallon of such surplus Spirits* / L* v a . m v in.<< 7 '

XIX. And be it further enacted, That.if the Quantity of Spirits computed at rthe Strength of pne tb teh

over Hydrometer ProoF, which shall be produced to the proper Office^ or Queers of Thtpiiq, by kriy Diffil-

ler of uiftillers of Spirits* and a£hia)ly charged with the Duty of Siitpenpe for every Gallpq thereof, shall it

the End of the Year for which any such Licence as aforp/aid shall baye been granted,jor sooner Termiac-

tion of stich Licence, be found to fall fhoft of the Quantity bf Spirits which ought to have been produced

and charged with the^aid Dpty according to the Proportions herejhv-befQrei mentioned, then and in every

such Cafe such Deficiency ^hal| be immedwtely cl^ged it |pd d^e; Ratgo£ Sixpence‘for every Gallon

of Spirits so deficient as aforesaid^ to be paid by thfcDvfftyw for pij ip >rclpjB^ of such deficient. Quantity ef

Spirits, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of ten jSfiiflings for tpiqn apd ^yeryGaftop, fp-deficient, io Default df

'making such Payment as aforesaid. ' ./ { r*!r.. /if if f1*i

XX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said tpmh tJay ojf Noytmkrone thousand eight

hundred, it shall and may be lawful foy aiw Person or Perfqqs Upenfed by the said GommlffiouerS of £x-

cife to ere£f, keep, and work any Still or Stills for the distiTipig, making, or manufacturing of Low Wines

or Spirits from Malt, Corn, Grain, qr British Materials, jryjhe vpwlapds of Scotkitd) or from Mrisffos

Sugar, or other foreign Materials, prj for the reifying, cooTrpquhdtipg, or fixing or 4ny Kind of Spirits ih

any Part oi* P)ace ip Scotland, or for arjy Peribn or Pqrfons Ucensed by the iajd QpnHtiiffionctx.of Excisei ta

ered, keep, and work Stills for distillingfrom Barley,; |Beer, orj^ig in rbeTHighlarids of Sc&Jarid, tadeliver

up his, her, or their Licence or Licences tri the said Cohimissioners, pr to the proper Supervijor,or Sur-

veyor of the District, or Officer of the Divtfion, to be vacated upoq the Condition here in-after expreftd»

and at the Time herein-after particularly mentioned; that is to say, every such Person or Persons ihtendfnfc

to deliver up his. her, or their Licence or Licences to be vacated, shall give to the said Comoiiffiooers, Su- j

pervisor. Surveyor, or Officer, fifteen Days’, previous Nptice in Writing signed by such Person or Personscf

such Intention before be, ^be, or they shall be entitled* to discontinue the wpfking of his, her, or their Still or

Stiljs lic^nfifdasaforesaid ;vand thereupon the said Cqmmissioner^, Su pervisor. Surveyor* or Officer shall,

and they are hereby respeilively authorized to vacate the said Li^epee or Licences, but not foorier than at

and from flics' Endof any one Calendar Month for which Time the Licence Duty ba$ been actually paid in

Advance by such Person or Persons; and in that Cafe the Proportion of the Licence Duty payable for or in

respefi of uich Still or Stills for the unexpired Time of his, her, qr their Licence or Licences^during whidi

the working of the said Still or Stills shall be difeoutinued, shall not be charged or chargeable upon, or pay-

able <^r paid fycE Person or Persons who f^ajl have given such Notice as aforesaid, and have ceafedtt

Syotk such Still or Stills fropi'and after the Time, speciheqi in rfaph Notice^ Jhh tttP Stock of Spints then

jremaiqipg on Hand of such Distiller or l)i(h|lers mall betaken by the proper Offices of Excise; and ifon

Jbalancipg the Acpouqt thereof as aforesaid, any £xcefs (baji be found appye the Proportions betein-before

mentioned^ or any Deficiency therefroto shall fiq difyovered, <he faiwc shall be immediately chargeable and

charged vfith at and after the Rate respectively heternrbefpre mcmiohed* Pn the Event of a surplus or De-

ficiency, as the Calc may require, and the fame shall p^ forthwith paid by.such Distiller or Disttlkrs under the

Penalty aforesaid* , .*/ . t; 7 . t "

^ 1 XXI. 7ro-

