73

C. 22.

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii ITT. A.D. 1799.

Trader?miy be XXV. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons engaged in Trade or Manufadturc may be

rnrrcial%?mmm determined by the Commercial Comnvissioner* acting for the Diflridt wherein such Trade or-Manufacture shall

r!.floorers' for carried on, although such Person or Persons flia.ll not be refluent within such Districi.

tuc DiRntt where tl.Jr Trr.tlc is carried on.

Win re fufiicl-

ent Ailirtants to

Commercial

Commilht. nirs

have not brrn

mnuJ, hid 1

Comir.illioners

ir.ay call in any

|*ioper RcrAms

. as A Hiltanu,

and esquire

t heir Opinion

on the Amount

of Income, a*

under ^ 9S of

e. 13.} ludi

occasional

AiTiiUnts, hav-

ing previously

taken the Oath

required by

^ 116 of that Act

Persons becom-

ing entitled

.alter April 5, in

^my Year, either

on their own

iiciuih, or as

Trustees, "cc. to

any Income

whatever, not

included in their

Statements,

Hull, within 20

Days niter the

acc ruing of such

Income, (unhfs

their Statement

is sufficient to

cover the fame,)

give Notices

thereof to the

AlTtlfor?, with

a Statement of

the Amount,

Ac. and the

fame shall be

charged lor the

Remainder of

the Year, and

shall be added

to any former

AlIWTir.ent, or

if no such has

been nude, put

into a new Af-

fi ITmenf, and

Itvied accordingly,

Wilt re such In-

come accrue■by

Death, the Re-

prtfentativ ts of

the Deceaswd

miyapjdy to the

Commilhumrs,

and on return-

ing the Name,

14C. cf *ht R;r-

son to whom the

income •jetrut*'-,

and paying 110 to

the l)tuth t l the

Party, In <ll re-

ceive a Cert,ft-

cau of Discharge,

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall happen that sufficient Persons shall not have

been named to take upon themselves the Office of Aflistants to any Commercial Commissioncis appointed

under the said first recited Act, then and in every such Cafe it (lull be lawful for the said Commercial Com-

missioners, and they are hereby empowered, if they shall think the fame necessary, to call to their Assistance

any Person or Persons willing to give Afiiitance, and who may, in the Opinion of such Commissioners, be

bell able and competent to judge of the Amount of the reputed Income of the Person or Persons, Bodies,

Corporations, Fraternities, or Societies, whole Statement shall be under Consideration before the said

Commissioners, (although such Persons final! not be qualified as in the said recited Aclis directed,) and shall

esquire of such Persons their Opinion of such Amounts of reputed Income, without disclosing to them, or

any or either of them, the Amount contained in any such Statement, as by the said Act is required: Pro-

vided always. That any Person so called before such Commissioners to give such Aflillance as aforesaid,

shall, before the said Commissioners, take the Oath in the said full recited Act directed tobe taken by Com-

mercial Commissioners : Provided also, That such Commissioners shall, after such Enquiry, where the lame

(lull be thought necessary as aforesait), or without such Enquiry where the fame shall be thought by the said

Commissioners to be unnccelfiry, proceed in the making their Aficil’ments in such and the like Manner in every

Respect as if such Person or Persons, so called upon for such Aflillance as aforesaid, had been appointed in

Manner directed by the said Act,

i and Commissioners shall proceed to maks their Assess.ncnts, &c. as if such occaflcnal Aflistants had been regularly appointed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever nny Person shall, after the said fifth Day of y^r/Vone

thou land seven hundred and ninety-nine, and before the filth Day of /Jprii one thousand eight hundred, or within

the like Peiod in the Courfeof any succeeding Year during the Continuance of the said first recited Act, be-

come entitled to any Income arising from any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, wheresoever the fame

shall be fitume in Great Britain, or clfevvhere, or from any Kind of Personal Property, or other Property

whatever, or from any Office, Stipend, or Pension, either on his or her own Behalf, or on the Behalf

of any other Person as Trustee, Agent, Receiver, Guardian, Tutor, Curator, or Committee, or in any

other Character, either separately, or jointly with any other Person, and such Income ihail not have been

included in the Amount of any former Statement of the Income of such Person made, that then and in every

such Cafe, such Person shall, within twenty-eight Days after such Income shall have accrued, (unless the

former Statement for such Year shall be sufficient to cover the fame,) give Notice thereof to the AfTcfloror

Assessors of the Parish or Place within which he or she shall reside, and within which he or she intends to be

charged in respect of such Income, and shall also at the Time of giving such Notice return a Statement of the

Amount of such Income to such Assess'or or Assessors, in like Manner in every Refpedtas is directed in the

said recited Act or this Act for the Return of Statements to Assessors under the said. Act or this Act; and an

Afldlment shall he made upon every such Person in respect of such Income, from the Period when such In-

come accrued until the End of the then current Year; and the Commissioners for the Purposes of the said

Act, acting in and for the District within which such Return shall have been made, shall, upon Notice

thereof, and Delivery c f such Statement to them by the AfteiTor or Assessors receiving the lame, proceed in

the making their Assessinentin respect of such Income, in such and the like Manner in every Respect as is

directed by the said first recited Act for making any AiHH'mcnc upon Income; and such Commissioners

ihail thereupon add the Amount of such AHeflment to any tormcr Aflellment that shall have been made for

that Year upon the Persons returning such Statement, or if no such former Aflellment shall have been made,

such Commissioners shall make a new All- llment in respect of such Income, and proceed in all Relpedts in

the coilcdting and levying of the fame in like Manner as is directed in the said firit recited Act; and if any

Person hereby required to give such Notice, or return any such Statement, shall neglect so to do within the

Time herein-before specified for that Purpose, such Person shall forfeit and pay for such Offence* a Sum not

exceeding the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered under the said lirft

recited Act.

Penalty on not giving such Notice, Lc. not exceeding 20I.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any such Income shall accrue to any

such lYrfon as aforesaid, in the Course of any Year, by Reason of the Death of any Person who shall

at the Time of making the Assessment for such Year have included such Income in his or her Statement, and

shall have been alleflld for the fame, it shall and may be lawful for the respective Commissioners under the

said firit recited Act, upon Application made for that Purpose by the Heirs, Executors, or Admmulraiors of

the Person so dying, or any of them, and on a Return of the Name and Rdidence of the Person or Persons

to whom such Income shall accrue by Reason of such Death, to discharge such Heirs, Executors, or Ad-

mimstrators, from any further Payment for or in respect of such Income, oilier than for such Part thereof as

shall have accrued b( fore such Deatii, a 1 id to grant a Certificate of such Discharge to such Heirs, Executo.s,

or Administrators; and that such Certificate, on Delivery thereof to the respective Commissioners, or to the

Collector or Collectors or Receiver General, or his Deputy, shall be a (uflicient Discharge to finch Iicirs

Executors, or Administrators, from any further Payment in respect 0! the Sum that shall be af'certained 111

such Certificate as aforesaid.

to

be delivered to the CoRceloi

1

XXIX. And

