2‘58

Tolls to be

taken by the

Company.

C.lxxiii. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A. D. 1799.

for making, carrying on, continuing, maintaining, or repairing the said intended Tunnel, or other Works,

or which may hinder, prevent, or obstruit the making, using, or completing, extending and maintaining

the fame respectively; and also to make, build, erect, and let up, in or upon the said Tunnel, or other

Works hereby authorized to be made, or any of them, or upon the Lands adjoining or near the fame respect-

ively, such and so many Tunnels, Aqueducts, Water Stanks, Dams, Drains, Quays, Houses, Ware-

houses, Toil Houses, Watch Houses, Landing Places, Weighing Beams, Cranes, Fire Engines, or other Ma-

chines, and other Works, Ways, Roads, and Conveniences, as and where the said Company of Proprietors

shall think requisite or convenient for the Purposes of, or Approaches to, the said Tunnel, and other

Works, or any Part thereof; and also from Time to Time to alter, repair, and amend, or discontinue the

fame; they the said Company of Proprietors, their several Deputies, Agents, Officers, and Workmen,

doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the several Powers to them hereby granted, and making

Satisfaction, in Manner herein mentioned, to the Owners and Proprietors of and other Persons interested

in any Lands, 7'cnements, or other Hereditaments, whjch shall be by them so taken, used, or prejudiced,

fer all Damages to be by them sustained in or by the Execution of all or any of the Powers of this Act;

and this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify the said Company of ProprietorSr and their Deputies, Agents,

Officers, and Workmen, and all other Persons whomsoever, for what they, or any of them shall do by virtue

of the Powers hereby granted, subject to such Provifocs and Restrictions as are herein mentioned.

44 Contracts to be advertised. § 24. Houses, Gardens, built or used on or before June 24, 1799, not to be

44 injured. Ad not to extend to enable the Company to enter on Mr. Calcraft's or Mr. Errington's Ground

44 without Consent of Owners. $ 25. Bodies Politick empowered to sell and convey Lanas. Contracts

44 and Sales to be made at the Expence of the Company.—Form of Conveyance to the Company. § 26.

44 Satisfaction to be made for Damage in making Roads, &c- by yearly Rents or otherwise. Such Rents

44 charged on the Rates. § 27. If Parties are dissatisfied, Iffr. the Value of Lands in Dispute shall be afeer-

44 tained by a Jury, to be impannelled before the Committee. § 28. P ine upon Sheriffs, iffc, making De*

4c fault. § 29. Expences of Witnesses and Jury to be settled by some difmtcrefted Justice of the Peace for

44 Kent or Essex, and paid by the Company where the Compensation given by a Jury exceeds that offered

44 by the Company, or where Parties cannot be found capacitated to convey : in other Cafes such Expences

44 to be paid by the Party to whom the Compensation is due. § 30. Persons requesting Juries shall enter

44 into Bonds to prosecute. § 31. Notice of Injury to be given to Proprietors, by Parties grieved, within

44 six Months after the Injury sustained. § 32. Satisfaction to be made for Tythes, according to the

44 average Value of five Years, from Michaelmas 1793, and to Spiritual Persons by an annual Rent. § 33.

44 Verdict as to Value of Lands and Damages tobealleffcd separately, by the Jury. $ 34. Verdicts to be

44 recorded with the Clerk of the Peace for the County where given, j 35. Power to the Company to

44 enter and take Possession of Lands, iffc. on Payment or Tender of rurchafe Money, or Security for

44 Rents. §36. Purchase Money belonging to Corporations, Trustees, iffc. where exceeding 20/. and

*4 being less than 100/. shall be laid out in Purchase of Land to be settled to the same Uses as the Lands

44 sold to the Company, and meanwhile invested in Trustees Names for the Benefit of the Parties inte-

4C rested. § 37. Purchase Monies, amounting to 1001, and upwards, to be paid into the Bank as under

44 12 Geo. 1. c. 32.; 24 Geo. 2. c. 24. till invested in Lands. § 38. Damages hot provided for to be settled

44 by a Jury or by the Committee. § 39.”

XI/. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Pro-

prietors, to crf\ft or cause to be erected a Turnpike or Toll House at each End of the said Tunnel, and from

Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, to ask, demand, take, and recover, to and for their own proper

Use and Behoof, the several Tolls herein-after mentioned, before any Passage shall be allowed into the fame;

(that is to fey,)

For every Wheel on every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Calash, Curricle, or Chair, the Sum

of two Shillings and Sixpence :

For every Wheel on every Waggon, Wain, or Cart, the Sum of one Shilling :

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of one Shilling:

For every Afs,the Sum of Threepence :

For every Drove of Cows, Oxen, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of fifteen Shillings per Score ; and so in Pro-

portion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of three Shillings and Fourpencep^r Score;

and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number :

For Gecfe or Turkies, the Sum of Twopence Halfpenny per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater

or less Number:

For every Foot Passenger, the Sum of Twopence.

44 Tolls not to be taken at both Gates. $ 41. To enforce Payment of Tolls. § 42.”

XLIII. 4 And whereas the Conveyance of his Majesty’s Troops and Military Stores, by Boats, Barges,

4 and other Vessels, from the opposite chores of the Counties of Kent and Essex^ across the River Thames, is

4 attended with a great Expence: And whereas it has appeared to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty*s

4 Treasury, that the making of the said Tunnel would be attended with a great national Advantage for the

4 Purpose of conveying Troops and Military Stores through the fame, by which the Expence of providing

4 Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, will be avoided, and the Troops and Stores be more expeditiously con-

4 veyed; iffc be it therefore enacted,*

44 No

