322

Justicet may

punish Officer*

for Failure e(

Duty.

Cl*rk to enter

Transcriprs of

Petitions end

Decree*.

Copy of Decree

to be Warrant

foi fixccution.

Form of

Poinding*

Justices may or-

der Debts to be

paid by Instal-

ments.

Decree not fob*

je& to Advoca-

t ion, Ac-

Caution to be

found where an

A&ioa of Re-

duction is in-

filled on.

C. 46. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800*

other Party, to have the Caofe again called at the next Court Day, the Two Shilling* and Sixpence being

paid over to the Defender, in order to defray his previous fcxpence.

IX. And be it enacted, That in case it shall be proved, to the Satisfaction of the Justices, that the Non-

attendance of Parties or Witnesses has been occasioned by any Failure of Duty on the Part of the Of-

ficer, and that he has returned a false Execution, it shall be in the Power of the said Justices to puniffihim,

by a Fine to the Poor or Imprisonment, the Fine not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, nor the Imprison-

ment not exceeding ten Days.

X. And be it enacted, That the Cleric or Depute Clerk shall keep a Book, wherein (halt be? entered a

Transcriptof the Petition or Complaint, with the Date of giving it in, the several Deliverances or Interlo-

cutory Orders of the Justices*, and the final Judg nent or Decree, with the Date thereof, which Uftshall

be signed by the Justices present, or by their Prefes if more than two are present, and a Copy of the said '

Decree shall by the Clerk be annexed to the principal Petition or Complaint, containing Warrant for ar-

resting or poinding the Effects of the Defender, or for committing his Person to Prison, which Copy or

Extract, being signed by the Cleric or his Deputy, and delivered to the Party in whose Favour the fame is

granted, shall be a Warrant for Execution, after the Expiration of fix free Days from the Date of

pronouncing the Decree, if the Party against whom it is given hat been present in Court when it was pro-

nounced, or if he has not been present Execution shall only proceed after a Charge of fix free Days given by

the Officer* by leaving a Copy of the Decree or Judgment a gam ft the Party either per fonaily or at his

Dwelling House, to which Charge the Officer shall make Oath if required.

XI* And be it enacted, That the Form of the Poinding shall be fiimmary, videlicet* by carrying the Ef-

fc6ts poinded to the nearest Market Town or Kirk Town, or Village within the Parish, and after getting

the fame duly apprized, felling them between the Hours of Eleven and Twelve, Forenoon, at the Crofc

or most publick Place, after one Hour’s Notice given by a Crier by publick Roup, to the highest Bidder,

returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner, after deducing what is allowed by this AiSt for Poinding

and Sale; and if the Effects are not fold, delivering them over at the appraised Value to the Creditor, to

the Amount of the Debt and the Allowance for Poinding: Provided always. That in case the Place of Sale

is not a Market Town, but only a Kirk Town or Village, the Place and Time of Sale shall be advertized

two Days at lead before the Day of Sale, at the Door of the Parish Church upon Sunday after the Fbrenoon

Sermon.

XII. And be it en&cted, That the said Justices may, if they think proper, dire£k the Sum or Sums

found duetobe repaid by Instalments, Weekly or Monthly, according to the Circumstances of the Parties

found liable, and under such Conditions or Qualifications as they shall think fit to annex.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Decree given determined by the said Justices shall not be subject to Ad-

vocation, nor to any Suspension, Appeal, or other Stay of Execution; and in case either Party shall af-

terwards insist in an Action of Reduction before the Court of Session, for setting aside the Proceedings on

the Ground of alleged Iniquity or Oppression, he shall, before he be heard in such Action, be obliged to

find fuffkient Caution, and to lodge the fame in the Hands of the Clerk of Court, for Payment of such

Expences as may be awarded against him; nor shall any such Action be at all competent after the Expira-

tion of one Year from the Date of the Decree of the said Justines.

The following

Fee* to be taken.

A Table of Fees

to be hung up

k. the Courts ;

which may be

modified by the

Fines rxeent

for Non 'a 'end-

anceol Wjtnef

fcf, to be paid

to the Poor.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the following and no higher Fees, shall be allowed and taken

(videlicet.)

To the Clerk of the Court:

For drawing up Petition and Complaint - - Sixpence-

For entering and transcribing the fame in his Book - - Sixpence.

To the Clerk, for a Copy of Service - - Two Pence.

To him for signing and entering the fame in his Book - - Four Pence.

To the Clerk, for entering the Appearance of a Defender - - Sixpence-

To him, for every Oath - - - - Four Pence.

To him, for the Decree containing the Warrant of Execution - - Sixpence.

To him, for Warrant to cite Defenders, Witnesses, or any other Warrant or Order Four Pence-

To the Crier, for calling the Action - - - One Penny-

To the Officer, for summonir.g the Defender or Witnesses, on giving any of the Notices

required by this A&, each Time - - Four Pence.

To him, for the Execution of Arrestment of the Defender’s Effe£t$ - - Sixpence.

To him and the Assistants, for poinding the Effcfts - - Two Shilling*.

To him and his Assistants, for felling the fame - - - Two Shillings-

To Him and Assistants, for Execution against the Defender’s Person - Three Shillings.

To the Officer, for every Mile he shall travel into the Country - - Four Pence-

And to each Assistant, where Assistance is necessary - - Three Pence.

A Copy of which Table of Fees, signed by the Clerk, shall be hung up in every Place for holding ef

Courts, and in his Office; and the said Fees shall be subject to the Modi location of the Justices in very

fmail Cafes, or where one Petition and Complaint is directed against different Defenders.

Justices.

XV. And be it enacted, That an Account shall be kept by the Clerk of Court of all Fines awarded

by the Tuftices, by virtue of this Act, (excepting Penalties for Witnesses on Non-appearance, which are to

he paid to the Parties at whose instance they were fumnaoned,) and shall be paid to the Poor, in such Way

and Manner a* the said Justices Clall direct.

XVLAnd

by

