A. D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii Ml. G. 16. 571

by

ai-d .or \\ ti l

thereof m.« i

commit li.c

OtfcnUuj.

jjearance of the Party or Parties accused, or in case he, (he, or they shall not appear, on Notice being given

to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place of Abode, or if he, ihc, oj mey cannot be

apprehended on a Warrant, granted against him, her, or them as herein-before is directed, then and in *ny

such Cafe, any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby authorize 1 and re-

quired to proceed to make Enquiry, touching the Matters complained of, and to examine anv~ Witr.sfs or

Witnesses, who shall be offered on either Siae, on Oath as aforesaid, and which every such Magistrate or

Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby authorized,empowered, and required to administer; and

after hearing of the Parties who shall appear, and the Witnesses who shall be offered on either Si e, such Ma-

gistrate or Magistrates, Justice or justices, shall convict or acquit the Party or Parties Ecci fed ; and if the

Penalty or Money forfeited on any such Conviction shall not be paid within the Space of twenty-four

Hours after any such Conviction, every such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, (h ill there-

upon issue a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, respectively, di-

rected to any Peace OfHcer or Officers within their respective Turifdiftions, empowering him or them to

make Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders ; and if any Offender shall convey

away his Goods out of the Jurisdiction of any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, befoie

whom he was convicted, or so much thereof that the Penalty cannot be levied, then fdme Magistraie or

Justice within whose Jurisdiction the Offender fhMl have removed his Goods, shall back the Warrant granted

y any such Magistrate or Justice, Magistrates or Justices, and thereupon the Penalty forfeited mall be

levied on the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Distress and Sale thereof; and if within five Days froYn

the Distress being taken the Money forfeited shall nof be paid, the Goods seized shall be apprailld and fold,

rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting the Penalty or Forfeiture, and theCofts and Charges of the

Prosecution, Distress and Sale, to the Owner; which Charges shall be ascertained by the “Mag! ft rate :or

Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall have b£en so convicted,

or by the Magistrate or Justice who backed the Warrant, if either of them shall continue aliv£, and if not,

by some other Magistrate or Justice of the County, Riding, Division, City, or Place, in which the Offen-

der shall have been convicted ; and for Want of such Distress, then every such Magistrate? or Justice Svithin.,

whose respective Jurisdiction any such Offender or Offenders shall re tide or be, shall, on the Application

of any Prosecutor or Prosecutors, and Proof made of the ConviCtion and Non-payment of the Penalty

and Charges by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, commit every such Offender or Offenders to the

Common Gaol or Ploufe of Correction of the City or County, Riding, Division, or Place, where' such

Offender or Offenders shall be found, there to remain for the Space of one Calendar Month from the Time

of such Commitment, unless, after such Commitment, Payment shall be made of the said Penalty or For-

feiture, Cods and Charges, before the Expiration of the said one Calendar Month; and all such Penalties

and Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer. '

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if it shall be made out by the Oath of any credible Person

. or Persons, to the Satisfaction of any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, that any one

within the Jurisdiction of any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is likely to give or of-

fer material Evidence on behalf of the Prosecutor of any Offender or Offenders against the true

Intent and Meaning of this Act, or on behalf of the Person or Persons accused, and will not voluntarily

appear before such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, to be examined, and give his, her, or ________,..p

their Evidence concerning the PremUes, every such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is and be examined

are hereby authorized and required to issue his or their Summons to convene every such Witness and Wit- jjpon

nefles before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, at such feasonable Time as in such

Summons shall be fixed; and if any Person so summoned (half neglect or refuse to appear at the Time by t’0U$>rce '

such Summons appointed, and no just Excuse shall be offered for such Neeleft or Refusal, then (after Proof Days,

by Oath of such Summons having been duly served upon the Party or Parties so summoned) every such

Magistrate and Magistrates, Justice and Justices, is and are hereby authorized and required to issue his. or

their Warrant, under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to bring every such Witness or Wit-

nefles before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices; and on the Appearance of any such

Witness before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, every such Magistrate or Magis-

trates, Tuftice or Justices, is and are hereby authorized and empowered to examine upon Oath every such ...

Witness; and if any such Witness on his or her Appearance, or on being brought before any such Magis-

trate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall refuse to be examined upon Oath concerning the Premiies*

without offering any just Excuse for such Refusal, any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices,............

within the Limits of his or their Jurisdiction, may, by Warrant under his vHand and Seal, or their Hfcnds

and Seals, commit any Person or Persons so refufirg to be examined, to the" publick Prison of the County,

Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, in which the Person or Persons so refusing to be examined shall,

be, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days nor less than three Days, as any such Ma-

gistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall direct. ^

XV. And be it further enacted. That the Magistrate or Magistrates, Tuftice or Justices, before whom ConviflJonitto

any Person shall be convicted in manner prescribed by this Act, shall cause such respective Conviftiow to be * dra*n

drawn up in the Form or to the Effect following^ (that is to say,)

* 7 PE it remembered. That on this Day of in the

4 to wit. > Year of the ReigA of # * A B. is convicted

* before . . Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said County of

* {er% 'for the; , Riding or Division of the faW County of/ for the? City,

. v, / . \y. , 4 ft*’. • ’ * . , * •‘Liberty, • - • 1.

I'jSt * 4

Penalties (hsU

bo paid to Che

Informer. :

Wit rife lies net

appearing upon

Summons may

be brought be-

fore a Magistrate

by Warrant,

andrefufing to

