38$ C. 73* Anno ‘39° & 40* GbOiTgii JII. \ A. IV1800,

may be conventeptly enabled to take his Pip or Gauge at such Hole or Dipping Place , it the Top thereof,

and to <haw off a'Sample of the Wash therein ; and if any such Driller thail keep orufe, any.Walh Back,*

without such Hole or Dipping Place at the Top, or such Cock in the Middle thereof, or shall have, keep,

or use, any Wash Back so placed or constructed as that the Officer of Excise cannot conveniently be en-

abled to take his Dip or Gauge, or to take such Sample as aforesaid, he or she (hull for every such Offence

forfeitand lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

Home Con-

fu.'.i|;tion shall

have a Holtr in

the 1 of and a

Brass Cock in

the Middle, and

he To placed

that the Officer

may conveniently take his Dip and draw oflf a Sample on Penalty of 50I.

No such Distil-

Icr shall keep

any privatePipe,

Sec by which

Liquors fit for

Difliilation may

be conveyed

from one Vefl*el

to another on

Penalty of aocl.

Officers of Ex-

cife in the Day

Time and Pre.

fence of a Peace

Officer may

break up

Ground to

search for any

private Pipe,

Sec,

XXVIII.. And be it further enacted. That no such Distiller shall have or keep any private Pipe, Stop

Cock, or other private Conveyance by which any Woits, Wash, or other Liquors fit for Oiitillation may

be conveyed from one Back or other Veil'd to another, or from any such Back or other Vessel to his or her

Still or Stills, or into any other Place ; nor shall have or keep any Hole other than as aforesaid, in any such

Back or Wash Back, by which any Worts, Wash, or any other Liquor lit lor Difliilation may be conveyed

into or out of such Back or \Va(h Back, or any of them*. on Paia to forfeit for every such Pipe, Stop

Cock, Conveyance, and Hole, the Sum of two hundred Pounds. , r

i.

• \

XXIX. c And for the better Discovery of all private Pipes, Stop Cocks, and other private Conveyances

c or Utensils *,’ be it further enacted, T hat it (lull and may be lawful to and for the Officers of Excise or any

of them, in the Day Time, and in the Presence of a Con (table or other lawful Officer of the Peace, (who

is hereby required to be aiding and assisting therein,) on Request first made, and Cause declared, to break

up the Ground in any distilling House, or the Ground near adjoining, or any Wall, Partition, or other

Place, to search for any such Pipe, Stop Cock, or any other private Conveyance or UtenfiE and upon

finding such Pipe or other Conveyance, to break up the Ground, H6ufe, .Wall, or other Partition or

Place through or into, which any such Pipe or other Conveyance shall lead; and to break up or cut any such

Pipe or other Conveyance, and to turn any Cock or Cocks, to try and examine whether such Pipe or other

Conveyance may or can convey any Worts, Wash,or other Liquors fit for Difliilation out of one Back or

Vessel into another, or from any such Back or Vessel into any Still or Stills, or into any other Place.

XXX. And be it further enacted. That no such Distillershall erect, set up, have, or keep any Trunk,or

any other clofc Vessel or Utensil, for receiving, keeping, or making Worts, VVa(h, or other Materials pre-

paring or fit for Difliilation, on Pain to forfeit for every such Trunk, or other ciofe Vessel or Utensil, so

erc&ed, set up, had, or kept, the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

No such Dif-

tiller shall keep

any Trunk, &c.

for receiving

Materials for

Difliilation, on Forfeiture of the fame and 200I.

No Wort for

distilling for

Home Con-

fumption in the

Lowlands shall

be put into the

Still or removed

from where fer-

nunted till the

Duty be charg-

ed, on Penalty

of tool.

Worts fraudu-

lently removed

or concealed,

shall be forfeit,

ed, and the

Party forfeit

jooL

Officers may

take Samples of

Wort on pay-

ing for the

fame j

and of Spirits in

Stock.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said tenth Day of November one thousand

eight hundred, no Worts, Wash, or Tilts, or other Liquor or Preparation for the Difliilation of Spirits fcr

Home Consumption in the Lowlands of Scotland, shall be put into the Still, or otherwise removed from the

Back or Veil'd wherein the fame was or were fermented, until the fame shall have been gauged, and the

Duty charged thereon by the proper Officer of Excise; and if any Distiller shall, contrary to the Direc-

tions of this Act, put into any Still, or otherwise remove or cause to be removed, any such Worts, Walh,

Tilts, or other Liquor or Preparation, from the Back or Vessel wherein the fame was or were fermenting or

fermented, before the fame shall have been gauged, and the Duty charged thereon, such Distiller shall for

every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said tenth Day ok November one thousand

eight hundred, no Worts, Wash, Tilts, or Low Wines, in the Possession of any Distiller of Spirits in airy.

Part or Place in Scotland, shall be removed or taken away from his or her entered and licensed DifliFlcry1, nor:

shall any Wefts, Wash, or Tilrs be deposited, hid, or concealed in any Place whatsoever, with I merit to ‘de-

fraud the Duty ; and when and so often as any Worts, Wash, Tilts, or Low Wines shall be removed of

taken away, or any Worts, Wash, or Tilts shall be deposited, hid, or concealed, contrary to the true la-

tent and Meaning of this AS, such Worts, Wash, Tilts, and Low Wines respectively shall be forfeited

and loft, and shall and may befeized by any Officer of Excise* and over and beside such Forfeiture, such

Distiller so removing or taking away any Worts, Wash, Tilts, or Low Wines, or so depositing, hidrfig, or

concealing any Worts, Walh, or Low Wine?,- or causing the fame so to be removed^ taken away,1 of de- ’

posited, hid, or concealed, and the Perfcrti or Persons employed so to remove or take dway,or so todephiit,*

hide, or conceal the fame, or who shall receive the same, shall severally forfeit and lose the Suitrof OfieMU-’1

dred Pounds. : ' *•* - - . . i* t ;

XXXIil. And be it further enacted, That the Officers of Excise shall, and they ard Hereby empowrerefd^

as often as to them or any of them shall seem expedient, to take a Sample or Samples, of all Worts, Waft),4

or other Liquors in the Possession of any Distiller or Distillers, either in the Coolers, Wash Backs, or other'

Vefleisor Utensils whatsoever, or before the fame shall be conveyed into the Wash Still or Stills, not

cceding at any one Time one Gallon of such Worts, 'Wash, or other Liquors from each such Cooler^

Wash Back, or other Vessel or Utensil, ob paying for the fame, if demanded, after the Rate uftwd Shiilings;

by the Gallon of such Worts, Wash, or other Liquors. • */ -! • }

XXXIV. And be it further enacted. That it shall andmhy be lawful fori any Officer or Officers of Excise*

to take a Sample or Samples of Low YVmes or Spirits in the Stock or PofiHfiortof any Dish!ter6r DistiHers,

not exceeding Haifa Pint out of each Caflcor Vessel, paying for such Sample, if demanded* at and afterthc1

Rate of lix Shillings by the Gallon. -1 * 4

-XXXVv'AatL

Go ^Ie

