(Private,) 39 & 40 GEO. III. xxxi

Townships of Session, Bache, and Norton, in the Parish of

CuJmington, in the County of &r/0/>, and certain Exchanges

of Lands and Estates within the said Parish.

69. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commonable and Wade

Lands, within the Parish of IVyfall, in the County of Not-

tingham. t

70. An Act for. dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain

Common Fields and Waste Lands, within or adjoining

the Parish of Saint Mary, in Stafford, in the County of

Stafford.

71. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

Fields, Meadow, Commons, and Wade Grounds, within

the Parish of Ordfall, in the County of Nottingham,

71. An Act for naturalizing Alexander John Gajpard Marcet*

73 An Act for the Sale of the George inn, in the Town of

Northampton, vested in Trustees for Charitable Purposes

under the Will of John Dridcn Esquire, deceased, and for

inverting the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the

Purchase of three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank

Annuities, until a proper Purchase can be found, and in

the mean l ime for applying the Dividends and annual

Produce thereof for the fame Charitable Purposes.

74 An Act to give to Trustees Powers of Sale, Exchange,

and Partition, over such of die Shares of F.dates com-

prized in the Marriage Settlement of IVdliam Barbor

Esquire, as are situate in the County of Somerset, and to

lay out the Money arising by such Sale in the rurchafeof

Estates, to be situate in the County of Devon, and to give

a Power cf changing and appointing new Trustees of the

Estates so to be sold.

75. An Act for dividing, plotting, and inclosing, the Com-

mons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish ok Roctjler,

and in the Township of Denjhn, within the Parishes of

Rocester aforesaid, and Alveton, in the County of Stafford.

76. An Act for exchanging, allotting, improving, and inclof-

ing, certain Open and Commonable Arable Lands, with-

in the Parish of Huntspill, in the County of Somerft, and

for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, a certain

Open and Commonable Pasture, called Stert Common, fi-

tuate in the Parish of fluntjpillaforesaid, and in the Parishes

of Canninoton, Stockland BrifloL and Stogurfey, in the said

County of Somerfd,

77. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea-

dows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds,

within the Parish of Connington, in the County of Cam.

bridge.

78. An Act for dividing, allotting! and inclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Common or Commonable Mea-

dows, Pastures. Lands, and Grounds, and Waste Lands*

in the Parish-of Whitchurch, in the County of Oxford

79. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common, Com-*

mon Fields, Common Marlhes, and Waste Land,

within the rarish of Edmonton, in the County of Mid*

dlesex, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

80. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows%

Common Pastures, and Commonable apd Waste Lands,

within the Manor or Tithing of Chirton, otherwise Cher*

rington, in the C unty of Wilts.

81. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several

Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Common-

able Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the several

Manors or Townships of Hunmanly and Fordo*7, in the

Parish of Hunmanby, in East Riding of the County of

York, and for making Compensation in Lieu of Tyihe ant-

ing in, over, or upon, i\ie fame, and in, over, and upon,

certain ancient inclosed Lands in the fame Townships.

82. An Act for naturalizing Frederick I Villi am IViJling-

havfen.

83. An Act for naturalizing Charles Gotth'o/d Nicolay.

84. An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and

inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Lands, Com-

mon Meadow, Common Pasture, Waste and Down;

Ground, within the Parish or Township* of Spar (holt, in

the County of Berks, and within the Hamlet of fVeJlcote,

in the same Parish and County.

85. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Heaths

and Commons, and for exonerating, from Common

Right, the Half Y ear Lands and Lammas Lands,* within

the Manors of Dedham Hall and Overhall and NetherhalL,

in the Parify of Dedham, in the County of Efjex.

86 An Act for naturalizing Francis Julius michelu

87. An Act for naturalizing John Tut liken.

88. An Act for naturalizing John Joachim Vitalde Bouhee di

Brouquens, an Infant.

89. An Act for naturalizing Johan Gotlieb Lebrecht Sultz-

bergen.

90. An Act for naturalizing Jean Elizabeth Grammant

kite. Widow.

v

