A.D. 1798.

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III: C. 4, 5', 6.

M

dence at any Trial to be had thereupon*; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants

in any such Actionor Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their

Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall

be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and Treble Costs,

have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant hath in any other Cafes to* recover ‘Cofts

by Law. ' ^

XLIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act may be altered," varied, or repealed, by any r!

Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament. , “S",

Session.

CAP. IV.

An Act further to continue, until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next

Session of Parliament, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and

thirty-(eventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter seventy, videlicet,.on the sixth Day of June

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fevert, for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts

tofeduce Persons serving in His Majesty’s Forces, by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to

His Majesty, or to incite them to Adutiny or Disobedie nee.—[17th December 1798J

44 37 Geo. III. Cap. 70. (continued by 38 Geo. III. Cap. 6.) further continued till six Weeks after the

14 Commencement of next Session.”

CAP. V.

An Act to continue, until the Expiration of one Month after the Commencement of the

next Session of Parliament, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, Chapter

sixty-six, videlicet, on the twenty-first Day of June out thousand seven hundred and

- ninety eight, intituled, An Act for empowering His Majesty for a Time and to an Extent

to be limited, to accept the Services of such Parts of His Militia Forces in this Kingdom

as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Ireland.—[20th December 1798.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An A5lfor empowering his

Majesty for a Time and to an Extent to be limited, to accept the Services of such Parts of

4 his Militia forces in this Kingdom as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Ireland, which was

to continue in Force until the Expiration of one Calendar Month after the Day of the Commencement of

the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas, for the Purpose of effectually repressing the traiterous

4 Designs which have been prosecuted in Ireland in Concert with a Foreign Enemy, and for protefting the

4 Lives, Liberties, and Property, of his Majesty’s faithful Subjects, it may be expedient that the Provisions

4 of the said Act should be further extended for a limited Time :* May it therefore please your Majesty that

it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be, and the fame is hereby continued, until the Expi-

ration of one Month after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

II. Provided always, and lie it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to enable

his Majesty to employ the Services of any Part of the Militia Forces now in Ireland\ or which may be

lent thither during the Continuance of this Act, for any longer Time than that for which the Persons so

serving have already voluntarily engaged, or shall voluntarily engage, to continue such Service.

3$ Geo. j.

c. 66.

Continuance of

recited Act. f

Services of the

Militii not to

continue longer

in Ireland, than

the Time for

CAP. VI.

which they voluntarily engage to serve.

An Act to enlarge the Time limited for the Redemption of the Land Tax; and to explain [Sapoji.c. sf.*

and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An IoS-a: c,7'-*

perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein , the /ever a I

Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Lax, for One , from the ‘-J* " ”/■-

twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

[cid December 1798.]

L ' J (. 108. $§ II

f to 17. as to siffi lie a lion of elate - Money, siV.J

WHEREAS it is expedient that further Provision should be made for effectually carrying into Exe-

cution an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His pretent Majesty, intituled,

4 An Ati for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Alanner therein stated, the Jevc) ar 3S Geo. III.

4 Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Tear, from the twenty-fifth Day of c. 60. recited.

4 March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight ft Be it therefore enacted by'the King’s most Excel-

lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

Chi* present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That ah Bodies Politick and Corpo-

rate, Companies, and Perlpns, in the.said Act mentioned, y^ho by the said Act are empowered to contract $ 1T> 12> T5^

for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenement?, and Here- oni andPrerions

C ditaments, jn poiruiien or

\

C.oooole

