C. 80. Anno tricesimo nono Georg 11 III, A. D. 1799.

the said Matter does hereby further agree to advance one Month’s Pay to the Officers and Ship’s Company,

before the said Ship departs from Great Britain, at the Time of settling the River or Harbour Pay, and that

the Monthly Wages shall commence from that Period : And it is further agreed by the said Matter, That he

will pay, or cause to be paid, one Month’s Pay after the landing of the Slaves in the West Indies or America,

ten Days before the failing of the said Ship on her Homeward-bound Passage: And also the said Matter en-

gages to make the general Signal for failing twenty-four Hours before the Departure of the said Ship, videlicet,

by loosing the Foretopfail and firing a Gun.

And we the Officers, Mariners, Seamen, Seafaring Men, Landfmen, and Boys, in ConfiJeration of the

Monthly or other Wages, foregoing Stipulations and Engagements, do severally promise and agree, and

bind ourselves by these Presents, to behave with due Subordination and Respect, and to obey the lawiul Com-

mands of our Commander or superior Officers on board the said Ship, or Boats thereunto belonging, as

becomes good and faithful Seamen and Mariners ; and at all Places where the Ship shall touch at, put into,

or anchor, during the said Voyage, to do our utmost Endeavours for the Preservation of the said Snip and

Cargo, and not to neglect or refuse doing our Duty by Night or by Day, nor go out of the said Ship on

board any other Vellel, or be on Shore under any Pretence whatsoever, without Leave first obtained of our

Commander or Commanding Officer on board : And further, That we will on no Account whatsoever

leave or desert the said Ship without the Matter’s Consent, (unless to serve on board any of his Majesty’s

Ships,) till the abovesaid Voyage be ended, and the said Ship discharged, under the Forfeiture of our Wages :

And we do further agree. That when absent upon Leave, we will immediately repair on board when re-

quired so to do by our Commander, or any of our superior Officers, on Failure thereof to forfeit? for such

Disobedience seven Days Pay, to be charged against our Wages, for every such Offence: And we do

further agree and acknowledge. That forty-eight Hours Absence without Leave shall be deemed a total De-

fertion from the said Ship, and our Wages forfeited as above agreed on, unless good and sufficient Cause can

be assigned for such Absence.

And it is further agreed by us the said Officers and Mariners belonging to the said Ship, That we will not

demand our Wages, or any Part thereof, except the Value of a fourth Part of our Wages, to be supplied in

Slops or other Necessaries, and one Month’s Pay, with our Short Allowance Money, then due in the

West Indies or America, until the Arrival of the said Ship at her delivering Port, except wefhouldbe impressed

or enter on board any of his Majesty’s Ships, or be discharged by mutual Consent, agreeably to the foregoing

Certificate, as specihed in the Ad.

And it is hereby further agreed by us the said Officers, Mariners, Seamen, Seafaring Men, Landfmen,

and Boys, That whatever Stores, Furniture, or Apparel, each or any of us receive into our Charge belong-

ing to the said Ship, shall be accounted for; and in case any Thing should be loft or damaged by our Negli-

gence or Carelessness, it shall be made good to the Matters or Owners, out of the Wages of such Officers or

Seamen by whose Negligence it has happened.

SCHEDULE

t^.

