4^0 C. 79, 80. Anno^39° & 40® Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

c. »8. com- Jurisdiction of Rich Court respectively 5 and such Courts are hereby authorized and empowered, as soon as

^Lord'^A^. ^u,es anc* ^r^ers have been made and established, to proceed to act upon the fame accordingly as

Such Rules shall may ar'fe to require the fame, and to make such Orders in such Cafes as may he necessary to carry

be transmitted the fa ne fully into Effect: Provided always. That all such Rules and Orders as are first above mentioned,

to the Coardof for preferibing the Mode in which such Relief shall be administered, shall be transmitted to the President of

the ^oar^ Commissiomrs for the Affairs of India, to be laid before his Majesty for his Royal Approba-

Rcvision 8 tion, Correction, or Revision, and such Rules and Orders shall be observed until the fame iball be repealed or

varied, and in the last Cafe with such Variation as shall be made therein.

All Rules made XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Rules and Orders heretofore made or hereafter to be m.2de,

previous to the previous ro the Notification of this present Act, in such Presid envies respsftivrly, by any of the Courts

th?s*1!n\he above-mentioned, or any Court previously established in either of the said Presidencies for the Relief and

Presiden- Difvharge of such Insolvent Debtors, and all Acts determined by rbem, or either of them, done or commanded in pur-

cies, for the Re- fuance thereof, /hall be, and they are hereby ratified and confirmed, and all present AcLuns and Suits,

lkf of infcWent Indictment?, Informations, and all Molestations, Prosecutions, and Proceedings whatsoevef, which may

Debtors, con- have been, or m.ny be had, commenced, or prosecuted, against any Person whomsoever, for acting or hav-

SuUstVm* all *n£ acted under and m Obedience to any such Rules or Orders, are and shall be discharged, annulled, and

mcncoTfor aft- utterly made void and of no Efteft,to all Intents and Purposes, by virtue of this Act.

ing under them ihajl be void.

His Majesty

may appo;nt

the Judt cs of

the supreme

Courts, See.

Commissioners

for car ry ini; into

Execution a

Commission for

the Trial and

Adjudication of

Prize causes,

Ac. in India.

XXV. ‘And whereas it may be expedient for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, toiffue a Commission

c from his High Court of Admiralty in England, for the Trial and Adjudication of Prize causes, and other

4 Maritime Quell ions arid ng in India £ be it therefore further enabled, '1'hat it shall and may be lawful for

h;s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to nominate and appoint all or any of the Judges of the Supreme

Court of Judicature at Fort William aforesaid, or of the Supreme Court of Judicature to beerefted as afore-

said at Madras, or the Court of the Recorder at Bombay, either alone or jointly with any other Persons

to be named in such Commission, to be Commissioners for the Purpose of carrying such Commis-

lion so to be issued as aforesaid into Execution; any Act or Acts to the contrary thereof in any wise not*

withstanding.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for erecting a Lazaret on Chetney Hilly in the County of Kent; and for reducing

into one Act the Laws relating to Quarantine; and for making further Provision therein.

[28th July 1800.]

39 Geo. 3.C.99. 4 WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the first Session of the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty’s

Reign, intituled, An ACt~to encourage the Trade into the Levant Seas, by providing a more convenient

4 Mode of performing Quarantine; and for reducing the Duty, granted by an Alt of the last Scjfton, on Goods

the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to any Place within the Streights of Gibraltar, it was enacted,

4 That it {hould and might be lawful to and folk his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by and with the Ad-

4 vice of his or their Privy Council, by any Order or Orders to be issued from Time to Time, to grant

4 Licence and Permission for the Importation into Great Britain, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alder-

4 ney% Sark, or Man^ of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, coming fr9m the Levant Seasy without

4 clean Bills of Health, without such Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes having been opened and aired in

4 any of the Lazarets of Malta y AnconayVenice, Mefftnoy Leg horny Genoa, or Marfti lies, as was before by

4 Law required; and that all such Goods and Merchandizes should and might be admitted to an Entry in any

4 of the Ports of Great Britain, or the said Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, subject

4 nevertheless to such Regulations, Rules, Orders, and Directions, with respect to opening and airing such

4 Goods and Merchandizes previous to the landing thereof, and to the Performance of Quarantine by the

4 Crew$or other Persons belonging to or being on board of the Ships or Vessels in which such Goods or

4 Merchandizes should be imported, as his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council) fhouM,

4 by any Order or Orders to be issued as aforesaid, make, prefenbe, or direct: And whereas by the Laws

4 of this Kingdom, all Ships or Vessels coming without such clean Bill of Health from any other Place li-

4 able to the Plague, or any other infectious Disorder of the Nature of the Plague, except from the Levant,

4 were not, previous to the passing of the said Act of the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

4 nor are now restrained from entering into any of the Ports of this Kingdom, in none of which, neverthe-

4 less, has sufficient Provision been made for the Performance of Quarantine by Ships so coming without such

4 dean Bills of Health: And whereas certain Ships did so arrivefrom the Port of Mogadore, in the Course

4 of last Autumn, which, for Want of such Provision, it was necessary to destroy, and the Publick thereby

*6 Geo. t. c. 6. 4 became subject to a great Charge: And whereas by an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign

4 of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their

4 Quarantine; and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain

4 or Ireland, or the Ijles ^Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man; it was enacted, That whenever his

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Adv:ce and Consent of Parliament, should direct

4 Houses or Lazarets to be provided for the receiving and entertaining of Persons obliged to perform Qua-

4 rantine, or for the depofuing, opening, and airing of Goods and Merchandizes liable.to perform Quran-

4 tine, as therein mentioned, it should and might be lawful for his Majesty toereft the fame in such Places,

4 and

