A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 80. ‘ 159

0

delivered to such Collector, or other principal Officer of the Customs, a Certificate or Warrant of his

having pafl'ed his Examination at Surgeons Hall, or at feme publick or County Hospital, or at the Royal EXJ^n*ti*n,s

College of Physicians, or Royal College of Surgeons at Edinburgh^ or shall have served as a Surgeon or Sur- &c#

geon’s Mate in his Majesty’s Fleet or Armies, of which Certificate or Warrant the said Collector, or other

principal Officer, shall give to the said Surgeon an attested Copy gratis.

XXVII. 4 And, for the better Regulation, Encouragement, and Preservation, of the Health of the Offi- Before any Vcf-

4 cers and Seamen employed in Shi^> or Vefl’els trading to the Coast of Africa for Slaves, and from thence outlvardsC the

4 to the IVcJi Indies and America ne it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of Augu/l next Matter, OrH-

after the passing of this Act, before any Ship or Vessel (hill proceed to Sea, the Master. Officers, and Ma- cers, and Ma-

riners, shall sign and execute Articles of Agreement and a Muster Roll, in the Presence of, and witnessld by rinm,shall exc-

the Clearing Officer, and one of the Tidefmen of the Port from whence the Ship departs, and a Duplicate *ule Arncle.s of

of the Ai tides of Agreement and Musk.r Roil, duly signtd and executed, shall be delivered to the aforesaid th^Fonnshac-

Clearing Officer, in order to its being lodged with the proper Officer in the Custom House, according to unto annex.d;

the Forms hereunto annexed; which Agreement shall be conclusive to all Parties for the Time contracted and no other

for, and no other Form whatsoever of Articles of Agreement, or Muster Roll, shall be used under the Pe- Form shall be

nalty of fifty Pounds, one Half to be paid to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, and the other Half to the In- on Penalty

former, or other Person who shall sue for the same in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record. 50 '

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That a Continuation of the Muster Rolls shall be regularly and duly MufUrRol!

kept during the Voyage, also a Lwg Pooic, wherein all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Charges against any Offi- shall bt regularly

cer or Seaman, shall be regularly entered, and iigned by the Master, Chief Mate, and Surgeon; which said kcpi> *c*

Log Book, and the said Muster Roil, shall, on the Arrival of the Shipbr Vessel at her discharging Port in

Great Britain, be delivered in to the Collector or other Chief Officer of che Customs, together with the written

Declaration of the Truth thereof, whierr Declaration the Collector or other Chief Officer, as aforesaid, is

hereby required to accept and preserve; and if any Master, Chief Mate, or Surgeon, shall be convicted of

signing false Muster RolJs, Articles of Agreement, or Log Book, he or they shall forfeit and pay the Sum of MiXr Roils,

one hundred Pounds, and shall also fiiffer six Months Imprisonment. &c. iool. and six Months Imprisonnion*.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Officer, Mariner, or Seaman, shall be turned over or dif- No Officer,

charged, upon anyPretence whatsoever, unless into his Majesty’s Ships of War, or to assist a Ship in actual mdl‘ ^ *urncd

Distress, which is to be certified by the principal Officers of both Snips concerned, and an Agreement made °trdd£ut

in Writing with the said Officers or Menfolent, or upon Preferment, or under ill State of Health, with the undt the cir.

Consent of the Party, for which a Certificate shall be given (rom the Captain of any of his Majesty’s Ships cumftancts

or Vessels, if any are present, or in their Absence two Justices of the Peace, or the Collector or Comptroller herein mcn*

of the Customs at the Place or Port where such Ship or Vessel shall be, or shall first arrive, which Certificate tioned-

shall be returned with the Muster Roll and Log Book, on the Arrival of the Ship at her delivering Port ia

Great Britain.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Master, Commander, or other Person, shall supply the Officers No Slop* or

or Mariners, Seamen or Seafaring Men, with more Slops, Tobacco, Spirits, or any other Article what- other Articles

soever, than to the Amount of one fourth Part of the monthly Wages of such Officer, Mariner, Seaman, whatever mail:

■or Seafaring Man. yond one Fourth of the

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer, Mariner, or Seaman, shall behave in a riotous. Regulation*

seditious, or mutinous Manner, it shall be lawful for the Commander or Commanding Officer to put such £!Ah re^a^d to

Officer, Mariner, or Seaman into Confinement, for a Time not exceeding twenty-four Hours before the behaving ina

fame is reported to the Captain or Commander of any of his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels, (being present or riotous, fcditi.

within a convenient Distance,) who (s hereby authorized to enquire into the Cause of such Complaint, and ous, or mut»-

to examine upon Oath, if found necessary, and to grant such Relief or Remedy therein as the Circum- nous Manner,

fiances of the Cafe may require; and in case none of his Majesty’$ Ships are present, the Cause of Com-

plaint shall be fully examined into by the Mailer and two Officers, in the Presence of the Ship’s Company,

smd if it shall be judged necessary for the Safety of the Ship and Cargo to continue the Offender or Offenders

in Confinement, such Determination shall be drawn up in Writing, with the Reasons of coming to such

Resolution dated at large, and signed by the Master and two Officers, which they are hereby enjoined,

under the Penalty of fifty Pounds, to report without Delay to the Captain or Commander of the first Ship or

Vessel belonging to his Majesty they may fall in with, and in Default thereof to report the fame to the Gover-

nor or Chief Officer of any British Fort on the Coast of Africa, or to the Governor of any of the IVcft India

Islands, on their Arrival at any Port or Road therein, that such Measures maybe taken tabring the Offender

or Offenders to Tuftice. as the Nature of the Cafe will admit

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Marten rtuir

Command of every such Ship or Vessel, shall cause a printed Abstr?£tof this Act, and also a Copy of the aprinted’

Schedule (A*) and of the Muster Roll respectively annexed to this Act, to be delivered to each of the Officer ^ °to

of the said Ship or Vessel, and also a Copy of each, videlicet, of the said Abstrad, Schedule, and Muster Roll, to dtliveud to

be hung up and affixed to the mod publick Place of such Ship or Vessel, and shall cause the fame to be con- each of the

ftantly kept and renewed, so that at all Times they may be accessible to the Officers and Seamen on board of officers, and to

such Ship or Vessel^ upon Pain that every such Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Com- b* hl,n?xU^n

tnand of every such Ship or Vessel, who shall neglect to affix and renew the fame,shall, for every such Offence, {icek]accP;Un

forfeiuhe Sum of twenty Pounds. veird, on pe-

XXXILl. And n*lt>rof*eL


