502 C. li—liii. Anno 39® & 40* Georgii III. A.D. i8c/o.

Win re Banns

shall be publish-

ed during tlx

Time the

Church /hail be

under Repara-

tion.

Cap. li.

An Act for repairing the Parish Church of Chelmsford\ in the County of EJfesc.

[20th June 1800.]

XIX. AND be it further enacted, That all Publications of Banns of Marriage may be made arid published

Jf\ by the Rector of the said Parish, or hisr Curate or Assistant for the Time being, in the Nlft Prius

Court, in the Shire Hall in Chelmsford aforesaid, (wherein Divine Service hath been performed since the said

Church hath been rendered incapable of being used for that Purpose,) until fuchTime as the said Parish Church

shall be repaired and rendered capable of having Divine Service performed therein ; and that all .such Publi-

cations of the Banns of Marriage, which have been made and published in the said Court, during the Time

of performing Divine Service therein, or which shall be made and published therein, during the Time of

performing Divine Worship therein, shall be as good and available in Law as if the fame had been published

in the said Parish Church of Chelmsford aforesaid.

• [lor 2 5Years ]

k f 15 Geo, 3.

c. 63 J

c [25 Geo. 3,

c. 93 J

Cap. lii.

An Act for explaining, amending, and continuing* an Act made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty b, intituled, An Aid for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the Shire cf Argyll.

[20th June 1800.J

Cap. liii.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of

his present Majesty *, intituled, An Act for the Removal and Rebuilding of the Council

Chamber, Guildhall, and Gaol of the City of New Sarum, and for ascertaining the foils

of the Markety and regulating the Chairmen within the said City, as requires the Mayor

and Commonalty of the City of New Sarum to build a new Gaol within the said City,

or the Suburbs or Precincts thereof; and for authorizing the Commitment of Felons

and other Persons within the Limits of the said City and the Close thereof, to the Gaol

of the County of Wilts; and for explaining and amending the said Act.

[20th June 1800.]

M So much of former Act as requires a new Gaol to be built, repealed. § 1. Piece of Ground given by

44 the Earl of Radnor, vested in Trust, for the Use of the Common Gaol for the County of Wilts. § 2 .”

Felons and other

Per ions may be

committed from

the City ami

Close of Salif-

bury to tire

County Gaol.

Debtors within

the said Limits

may be commit-

ted to the said

County Gaol.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act, all such Felons

and other Persons within the said City, and the Close thereof, who already are, or by Law shall be liable or

ought to becommitted to any Gaol or Place of Security, by any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said

City, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said Close respectively, shall and may, when and as

often as Occasion shall require, be committed by such Justice or Justices respectively to, and shall be received

and confined in, the said County Gaol now erected (or which may at any Time hereafter be ereftod) it

Fisherton Anger, in such and the like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as Felons or other Prisoners com-

mitted by Justices of the Peace for the said County are confined, and as such Felons or other Prisoners com-

mitted by Justices of the Peace for the said City or Close respectively could or might have been confined, in

any Gaol or Bridewell erected within the said City, or the Suburbs or Precincts thereof, under and in pur-

suance of the said recited Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, all Debtors

and other Persons who shall be legally arrested or taken in Execution within the said City or Close, by virtue

of any Process ifi’uing out of the Courts of Record of Pleas of the said Lord Bishop of Sarum within the

said City, and who are or shall be liable or ought to be committed to any Gaol or Place of Security,shall

and may, when and as often as Occasion shall require, be committed and delivered by the proper Officer of

the said Lord Bishop to the Custody of the Keeper of the said County Gaol at Fisherton Anget, and shall be

there detained by him in such and the like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as such Debtors and other

Persons could or might have been committed, delivered to, and detained by the Keeper or Officer of any

Gaol heretofore erected within the said City : and that the said Lord Bishop of Sarum and his Successors,

and his atfd their Officers for the Time being, shall be entitled to such apd the like Rights and Privileges as

he or they would have been entitled to in case such Debtors and other Persons had been confined in any Gaol

within the said City and Manor of the said Bishop, under and in pursuance of the said recited Act.

44 Constables to execute Warrants, &c. § 5*”

VI. And be it further enacted. That the Keeper or Keepers, or other Person or Persons having the Cart

or Manag^ent of the said Common Gaol for the said County of Wilts, or the Custody of the Prisoners

therein, shall and is and are hereby empowered and required to receive and confine the Felons, Debtors, or

other Persons who shall be committed or brought in Manner aforesaid, and shall be liable to answer for the

Escape or Escapes of such Persons in like Manner as the said Keeper, or other Person or Persons having the

others, from the Ciistody or Management of the said Gaol of the said County of Wilts, is or are empowered to receive

«ffSalisbury ;C anc* co!^ne> or liable to answer for the Escape of other Felons, Debtors, or other Persons, in or from the

and made liable fame Gaol.

ic 1 their Escape.* * Keeper

Keeper of the

County Gaol

empowered to

receive and de-

tain Felons,

Debtors, and

