9

A.D.

1799*

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III.

C. 79.

149

Penalty for ptr-

m'tting unJasv-

ful Meetings.

Justiceson Or.tfa

of an unlawful

Meeting be in;

held, may dc*-

clare the Li-

cence of the

House forfeited.

paid, shall be

deemed a difor-

derly House

under 36 Geo*

3. c. %. unless

pieviouH) 1U

ccr.fcd*

cogriizance, from any Prosecution which might have been had against such Person if this Act had not been

made. . '

# XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly permit any Meeting of any So-

ciety hereby declared to be an unlawful Combination or Confederacy, or of any Divifton, Branch, or Com-

mittee of such Society, <0 be held in his or her House or Apartment, such Person shall, for the first Offence,

forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, and shall, for any such Offence committed after the Date of his or her

Conviction for such first Offence, be deemed guilty of an unlawful Combination and Confederacy in Breath

of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any two or more Justices of the Peace

idling for any County, Stewartry, Riding, Diviffon, City, Town, or Place, upon Evidence on Oath that

any Meeting of any Society, hereby declared to be an unlawful Combination and Confederacy, or any

Meeting for any seditious Purpose, hath been held, after the passing of this Act,'at any tkmfe. Room, or

Place, licensed for the Sale of Ale, Beer, Wine, or Spirituous Liquors, to adjudge and declare the Licence

or Licences for selling Ale, Beer, Wine, or Spirituous Liquors, granted to the Person or Per Tons keeping

such House, Room, or Place, to have been forfeited; and the Person or Persons so keeping such House,

Room, or Place, shall, from and after the Day of the Date of such Adjudication and Declaration, be subject

and liable to all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures for any A61 done after that Day, which such Person

or Persons would be subject and liable to, if such Licence or Licences had expired, or otherwise determined

on that Day.

XV. And whereas divers Places have of late been used for delivering Lcdtures or Discourses, and hold- Every Place for

4 ing Debates, which are not within the Provisions of the Act, passed in the thirty-sixth Year of his MajestyY read.

4 Reign, for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies, but which Lectures, Dif-v ^gR^k*/*

4 courses, or Debates, have in many Instances been of a seditious and immoral Nature; and other Places Newspapers,

4 have of late been used for seditious and immoral Purposes, under the Pretence of being Places of Meeting &c. where

‘for the Purpose of reading Books, Pamphlets, Newspapers, or other Publications/ be it further enacted. Money shall b«

That every House, Room, Field, or other Place, at or in which any Lecture or Discourse shall be pubhckly

delivered, or^ny publick Debate shall be had on any Subject whatever, for the Purpose of raising or collect-

ing Money, or any other valuable Thing from the Persons admitted, or to which any Person shall be admit-

ted by Payment of Money, or by any Ticket or Token of any Kind delivered in consideration of Money or

any other valuable Thing, or in consequence of paying or giving, or having paid or given, or having agreed

to payor give, in any Manner, any Money or other valuable Thing, or where any Money or ocher va-

luable Thing {hall be received from any Person admitted either under Pretence of paying for any Re-

freshment or other Thing, or under any other Pretence, or for any other Cause, or by Means of any

Device or Contrivance whatever; and every House, Room, or Place, which shall be opened or used as a

Place of Meeting,‘fbr the Purpose of reading Books, Pamphlets, Newspapers, or other Publications, and

to which any Person shall be admitted by Payment of Money, or by any Ticket or Token cf any Kind

delivered in consideration of Money or other valuable Thing,* or in consequence of paying or giving, or

having paid or given, or having agreed to pay or give, any Money, or other valuable Thing, or where

any Money or other valuable Thing shall be received from any Person admitted either under Pretence of*

paying for any Refreshment or other Thing, or under any other Pretence, or for any other Cause, or by

means of any Device or Contrivance whatever; shall be deemed a disorderly House or Place within the

Intent and Meaning of the said Act, passed in the thirty sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for the more

cfft'&ually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies, unless the fame shall have been prevmufly licensed

in Manner herein after mentioned; and the Person by whom such House, Room, Field, or Place,shall be

opened or used, for any of the Purposes aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, for every

Day or Time that such House, Room, Field, or Place, shall be opened or used as aforesaid to such Person

as will sue for the same, and be otherwise punished as the Law diredfcs in Cafes of disorderly Houses; and

every Person managing or conducing the Proceedings, cradling as Moderator, President, or Chairman, __________

at such House, Room, Field, or Place, so opened or uled as aforesaid, or therein debating, or delivering any' nifaing Books,.

Discourfeor Lecture, or furnishing or delivering any Bock, Pamphlet, Newspaper, or other Publication as

aforesaid p anffalfo every Person who shall pay, give, collect, or receive, or agree to pay, give, collect, or

receive any Money, or any Thing, for or in respect of the Admission of any Person into any such House,

Reom, Field, or Place, or shall deliver out, distribute, or receive any such Ticket or Tickets, or Token or

Tokensts aforesaid, knowing such House, Room, Field, or Place to be opened or used for any such Purpose

as aforesaid, Stall* for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall at any Time hereafter appear, act, or be-

have him or herself as Mailer or Miffrcfs, or as the Person having the Command, Government, or Ma-

nagement of any such House, Room, Field, or Place as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be a Person

by whom die lame is opened or used as aforesaid, and shall be liable to be sued or prosecuteJ, and punished

as such, notwithstanding he or she be not in Fadl the real Owner or Occupier thereof.

XVIL And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Tuff ice or Justices efthe Peace of any

County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town, or Place, who shall, by Information upon Oath have Reason to

fuspect that any House, Room* Field, or Place, or any Parts or Part thereof, are or is opened or used for

the Purpose of delivering Ledurcs or Discourses, or for -publick l>ebate* or for the Purpose of reading

Books, Pamphlets, Newspapers, or other Publications, contrary to the Proviffons of this Act, to go to such

House, Room, Field, or Place, and demand to be admitted therein; and in case such Tuftice or justices

fiullbe refilled Admittance to such House, Room, Yield* or Place, or any Part thereof, the fame shall be

■ deemed

Penalty on Ptr-

fons opening

such Houses,

conducing the

Proceedings,

debating, fur-

k Cling Money

ler Admil&on*.

&c. zoL

Person appear-

ing as Matter

liable to Prose-

cution, although

not the real

O ecu pit! of the House.

Justices by In-

formation on

Oath, suspe£U

ing any Place

is opened lor

letiunng, &c.

it ay demand

Admittance,

and if rclulld*,

the Place (lull,

