A.D. 1800: Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 437

be thought fit; and every such Commissioner or Justice shall cause the Amount of every such last men- mitted to the

tioned Moiety of Fine which he shall so receive, and also the Moiety of every Sum arising from the Sale of

any Barge, Boat, or other Craft fold under the Authority of this A& and paid into his Hands as aforesaid, Fine may be

to be paid into the Hands of the said Treasurer of the Navy or Ordnance, within thirty Days after the kept to hard

Expiration of the Year in which such Fines shall be received by him, or in Default thereof such Com mil- Labour in the

fioner or Justice respectively shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered with double Costs of Suit, Houi'e of Cor-

by any Person or Persons who shall sue for the lame by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any [hree°Months.

of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, wherein no Efloigrt, H)^ tj,° Moi*c.

Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; one Moiety of which last tie* payable to

mentioned Fine shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to him or the Navy Board,

them who shall sue for the same as aforesaid. . &c-fiiaJ1 bt' Paid

in by the Justices.

XIX. Provided always nevertheless. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioner or

Justice before whom any Person shall be convicted in a summary Way as aforesaid (if he shall fee Cause), to

mitigate and lefienany such before-mentioned Fine of ten Pounds, to be inflated in that Behalf as he shall

think fit, (the reasonable Costs of the Officers and Informers, as well in making the Discovery as in prose-

cuting the fame, being always allowed over and above such Mitigation,) and so as such Mitigation do not

reduce the Fine to less than one Moiety of the said Sum of ten Pounds, over and above the said Costs

and Charges; any Thing contained in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case such Commissioner or Justice of the Peace shall, upon

the hearing and determining of such Complaint as aforesaid, adjudge the Offender or Offenders, in lieu of a

Fine, to be imprisoned and kept to hard Labour as aforesaid, that then the Informer, or Person or Persons

who shall have discovered such Offender or Offenders shall have and receive, as a Reward for such his, her,

or their Discovery, the Sum of five Pounds for every such Offence so discovered; and the Principal Offi-

cers and Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy, Ordnance, or Victualling, as the Cafe may require, shall

cause the said Reward of five Pounds to be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy or Ordnance respectively

for the Time being, out of any publick Money in his Hands, upon such Informer or other Perfoti produ-

cing to them a Certificate.under the Hand and Seal of the Commissioner or Justice of the Peace who shall

have convicted such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid, certifying such Conviction and the Puntshment

which he hath inflicted upon the Offender or Offenders; and the Name or Names of the Person or

Persons who in his Judgment is entitled, and in what Proportion or Proportions to such Reward; which

Certificate the said Commissioner or Justice of the Peace respebbvely is hereby required to give without Fee

or Reward; and the Money paid by any such Treasurer on Account of such last mentioned Rewards shall

be allowed in his Accounts, and he shall be discharged thereof accordingly; any Law, Custom, or

Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: Provided also, That no such summary Proceed-

ing as before mentioned shall be had before any Justice of the Peace under the Authority of this A&, with-

out the Confenc in Writing of the Principal Officers or Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy, Ordnance,

or Victualling for the Time being, or one of them, for that Purpose first had and obtained; and that every

Adjudication or Sentence to be had or given without such Consent as aforesaid, shall be null and void to all

Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall find him-

self, herself, or themselves aggrieved by the Judgement of any such Commissioner or Tuftice, touching or

concerning any such Stores as last aforesaid, under the Value of twenty Shillings, then he, she, or they shall

or may, upon entering into a Recognizance to his Majesty, with one or more Surety or Sureties, to the

Sati$fa£tion of such Commissioner or Justice, to the Amount of treble the Value of such P ine, appeal to the

Justices of the Peace at their next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Diviuon, City,

Town Corporate, Liberty, or Place wherein the Offence was committed, who are hereby empowered to

summonand examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame; and hi case the

Judgement shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices of the Peace to award the Person

or Persons so appealing to pay such Costs occasioned by such Appeal as to them the said Justices shall seem

meet, and to enforce Payment thereof, according to the Courie and Practice of such Court.

XXII. And in order to avoid frivolous and vexatious Appeals,’be it further enacted, That the Commis-

fioner or Justice of the Peace before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said

Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following, or in any. other Form of Words to the

like Effect mutatis mutandis; which Conviction shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes,

without dating the Cafe, or the Fadls or Evidence, in any more particular Manner; (that is to

fcyj

4 *dE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord A\ B.

4 of in the of was convicted before me C. D. one of the Commissioners of his Ma-

jesty’s for, one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the of as the Cafe

4 may be) for that the said A. B. on the Day of now last past, at the of

in the said of did [herejlate the Offence against the Act] contrary to the Statute in such

4 Cafe made and provided.

Giveo uader my Hand and Seal the Day of in the Year of out Lord

Fine of iol may

be mitigated to

one Halt,betides

Expences.

If in lieu of a

Fine the Often-"

der be imprison*

ed, the Informer

(halt receive 5I.

Reward from

the Navy Board,

&c. upon Pro-’

duction of a

Certificate from

the 'ommission-

ers or Justices

who convicted

him*

No summary

Pro;ecding to

be had before

any Justice

without the

Consent of the

Comm i (Ron cn

of the Navy,&c.

Persons think-

ing themselves

aggrieved by

any Judgement

touching Stores

under the Value

of so$. may ap-

peal to the Quar-

ter Sessions.

Con vi <3 ions

shall be made

out in the foU

lowing Form, or

to the like Ei-

fcd.

Form of Con-

viction*

Which

