A. 13.1800. Anno 39* & 40° Georgii III. C. 80. 405

ner aforesaid, such Commander, Matter, or other Person having Chargfe of such Ship or Vessel, for every

such Offence shall forfeit and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted. That in case it shall appear upon such Examination or otherwise, that If it shall appear

such Ship or Vessel is under such Circumstances as shall render it liable to perform Quarantine, and that the that any.such

Port where it so arrives is not the Port where it ought so to perform Quarantine, in such Cafe it shall Veffd is liable

and may be lawful to and for the Officers of any of his Majesty’s Ships of War, or any of his ranPJne^cOfI

Majesty’s Forts or Garrisons, 2nd all other his Majesty’s Officers whom it may concern, upon Notice ficers of any

thereof given to them, or any of them respectively, and to and for any other Person or Persons whom they bhipof War,

shall call to their Aid and Assistance, and such Officers and other Persons are hereby required, to oblige such &c. shall com-

Ship or Vessel to go and repair to such Place as hath been or shall be appointed for Performance of Quaran-

tine, and to use 2II necessary Means for that Purpose, either by firing of Guns upon such Ship or Vessel, or pjaCC,

by any other Kind of necessary Force whatsoever ; and in case any such Ship or Vessel shall come from Matters of Vef-

any Place vificed with the Plague, or other infedlious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid, or shall have any fe) scorning from

Person on board actually infected, and the Commander, Matter, or other Person having Charge of such Places vifned

Ship or Vessel {hall conceal the fame, such Commander, Matte?, or other Person having Charge of such Ship withthePlague*

or Vessel, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cafes of Felony, without Bene- Per^oii

fit of Clergy. / onboard, and

concealing the fame, /hall fulfer Death.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every Matter, Commander, or other Person having Charge of any Matters of Vef-

Ship or Vessel which shall be ordered to perform Quarantine as aforesaid, shall forthwith, after his Arrival

at the Place appointed for the Performance of his Quarantine, deliver on Demand to the Chief Offi-

cer appointed to fee Quarantine Duty performed there, or Person acting for him, and which Officer or <u.ver\o the

Person is hereby required tef make such Demand, such Bill of Health anJ Manifest as he shall have received Cliitf officer ap-

from any British Consul during his Voyage, together with his Log Book and Journal, under Pain of forfeit- panted to fee

ing the burn of five hundred Pounds if he shall wilfully refuse and neglect so to do.

Health, &c. on Penalty of 500!.

XVIII. And be it further enacted. That every Matter, Commander, or other Person having the Charge

or Command of any Ship or Vessel liable to perform Quarantine, shall deliver to the Consul or other Per-

son adfing as such, and where there is none such residing there, then to two known British Merchants at the

Port at which he shall take on board any Article?, a List, Schedule, or Manifest, retaining one or more

true Copies thereof in his own Possession. of all such Articles of*every Description, whether brought as

Baggage, Presents, or otherwise, and of all Packets, Parcels, or Letters, which Lift, Schedule, or Mani-

fest shall by him be verified on Oath, and subscribed before the British Consul, or other Person or Merchants

as aforesaid, who shall attest the fame by subscribing his or their Name or Names thereto ; and such British

Consul, or other Person or Merchants as aforesaid, shall transmit the said Lift, Schedule, or Manifest so

signed by him or them, as the Cafe may be, to the Commissioners of the Customs in the Port of London,

for their Information ; and the said Matter, Commander, or other Person as aforesaid, on his Arrival in

this Kingdom, shall declare upon Oath before the Collector or Principal Officer of the Customs at the

Port where he shall arrive, or at the Port nearest thereto, that he has not received any Goods, Packages, or

Articles whatever on board, either as Baggage, Presents, or otherwise, nor any Letter or Packets, or Parcels

of Letters, but such as are specified in such Lifts Schedules, or Manifests ; and in case the Master,

Commander, or other Person as aforesaid, shall not, on Demand by such Collector or Principal

Officer of the Customs, produce all or any of the Articles so specified in such Lifts, Schedules, or Mani-

fefts as aforesaid, or make it appear that the fame have been unavoidably loft, destroyed, or consumed, such

Master, Commander, or other Person shall forfeit and pay, for every such Default, a Sum not exceeding

the Sum of five hundred Pounds, nor less than the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and if any Person shall

land or unship, or {hall move, in order to the landing or unshipping thereof, any Goods, Wares, or Mer-

chandize, or any small Articles brought as Baggage, Presents, or otherwise, or any Letters or Packets, or

Parcels of Letters whateve r from on board such Snip or Vessel, or shall receive the same after they have been

so landed or unshipped, he shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding the Sum of five hundred Pounds, nor

less than the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

Matters of Vef-

fels liable to

Quarantine,

/hail deliver to

the Consul, &C.

at the Port

where they /hall

take on .board

any Articles, a ‘

Manifest, who

/hall transmit it

to the Commis-

sioners of the

Customs, and

the Master, oil*

his Arrival,

/hall make Oath'

before the Offi-

cers of the Cuf-

toms at the

Port, that he

has not received'

on board

any Articles or

Letters but what

arc contained

in the Manifest.

Penalty on Maf-

ters not produ-

cing all such

Articles, from

500I. to xocl. The fame Penalty on Persons landing, or receiving any Articles or Letters from on board such Ve/Tcls.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Commander, Master, or other Person having Charge of

any Ship or Vessel liable to perform Quarantine, and having Notice that fu h Ship or Vessel is so liable,

shall himself quit. Or shall knowingly permit or suffer any Seaman or Pailenger coming in such Ship or Vcf-

lel to quit such Ship or Vessel, by going on Shore, or by going on board any other Snip, Boat, or’ Vessel,

before such Quarantine shall be tully performed, unless in such Cafes, and by such proper Licence as shall

be directed and granted by and by virtue of such Order or Orders rtiade or to be made concerning Quaran-

tine and the Prevention of Infection as aforesaid j or in cale any Commander, Matter, or other Person hav-

ing Chage of such Ship or Vessel, shall not, within a convenient Time after due Notice given for that Pur-

poie, caule such Ship or Vessel, and the Lading thereof, to be conveyed into the Place or Places appoint-

ed for such Ship, Vessel, and Lading, to perform their Quarantine respectively ; then and in every such Cafe

every such Master, Commandei, or other Person as aforesaid, for every such Offence shall forfeit and pay the

Sumof five hundred Pounds; and if any Person (hallffo quit such Ship or Vessel by going on Shore, or by going

on board any other Ship or Vessel contrary to the trueMeaning of this Act, it Hull and may be lawful for

all

Matters, Scc.

quitting, or fuf-

feting Persons

to quit Ve/Tds,

or not in due

Time carrying

them into the

Places appoint-

ed for Quaran-

tine, /hall for-

feit 500I.

Persons quit-

t.ng fucu Vef.

icU may be

c >Qie

