A.D. 1800. Anno quadrageslmo primo Georgii III. C. 6—8. 545

shall be wetted for the Purpose of making the same into Malt, notwithstanding which, the fame may, by ootofthc vcf-

€ couching and working, be made into Malt and it is therefore expedient to make such Provision as is

4 herein-after' dire<Sted in respect thereof:* Be it therefore enacted. That when and so often as any such t]ut the°£xcifc

damaged Barley shall float on the Surface of the Water in the Cistern, Uting-fat, or other Vessel wherein Officers may

such Barley shall be wetted for the Purpose of making the same into Malt, the Maltster or Maker of Malt conveniently

to whom the feme shall belong, shall immediately, on (kimming or taking such floating Barley from and out gauge it, ard

of such Cistern, Uting-fat, or other Vessel, deposit, put, lay, and spread the feme in some convenient Part jj^c™f0lr,c tc*

of his Malthouse, as near as may be to such Cistern, Uting-fat or other Vessel, and in such a Manner and Hour* af.

Form that the Officer of Excise maybe enabled conveniently to take a Gauge and ascertain the true ter being

Quantity thereof; and no such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall carry or remove the fame from the Place gauged, 00 Pc-

wfiere the fame shall have been so deposited, put, laid, or spread, until the Expiration of three Hours next ut icoi.

after the proper Officer of Excise shall have takep a Gauge and ascertained the Quantity thereof; and if

any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall neglect or refuse to deposit, put, lay, and spread such floating Barley

as aforesaid, or shall carry or remove any such Barley from the Place where the fame shall have been de-

posited, put, laid, or spread, after the Removal thereof from or out of such Cistern, Uting-fat, or other

Vessel, either before the Officer of Excisetshall have taken a Gauge and ascertained the Quantity thereof,

or after such Gauge, and before the Expiration of three Hours from the Time of such Gauge having been

taken, then and in every such Cafe the Maltster of Maker of Malt so offending shall, for each and every

such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds*

V. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and and for any Officer of Excise, and Officers rmy

such Officer is hereby authorized and empowered to take at any Time or Times a Sample or Samples, not tJkc 5>amP4cs'

exceeding half a Pint, out of any one Parcel or Quantity of any such damaged Barley, in the Custody or

Possession of any Maltster or Maker of Malt, and wetted or intended to be wetted as aforesaid; and in case pemlty of 50E

any such Maltster cr Maker of Malt shall refuse to permit such Officer or Officers to take such Sample or foriuiufoi.

Samples, such Maltster or Maker of Malt so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the

Sum of fifty Pounds.»

VI, Provided always nevertheless. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or more than

construed to extend to authorize any Officer or Officers of Excise to take more than two Samples from or V*®

out of any one Steeping of Barley * any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary in any wise not- froam oncVeep-

withstanding. ing.

. VII. And be it further enacted. That every Maltster and Maker of Malt, having given any Notice in An Account of

Writing of his, her, or their Intention to wet any damaged Barley to be made into Malt, shall from Time damaged Barley

to Time keep an Account of all the damaged Barley which he, (he, or they shall from Time to Timefo we“e.d to£*

wet or steep, and shall from Time to Time enter into a Book, or on a Paper, to be kept for that Purpose,

an Account of the several Quantities or Numbers of BuQicU of such Barley wetted or steeped by him, her, anrt (,eiivered

or them* to be made into Malt under or by virtue of this Act, the Time when each such Quantity was every fix w«ks

wetted, and the Time or Number of Hours the feme was kept in deep, and shall, at the End of every f.x to the officer.

Weeks, or oftener if required, by the proper Collector or Supervisor of Excise, deliver such Book or Paper v^n^cd

to the proper Collector or Supervisor of Excise, and at the feme Time verify on Oath the Truth of the Penalty of

Entries made therein; and also, that the Whole of the several Quantities of Barley specified in such Ac- ]0oi.

count was damaged during the late Harvest (which Oath such respective Collectors and Supervisors are

hereby authorized to administer); and if any such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall neglect or refuse to

keep any such Account as aforesaid, or to make any such Entry or Entries as aforesaid, or to deliver such

Book or Paper to the proper Collector or Supervisor of Excise in Manner herein-before directed, or to verify

on Oath, the several Matters and Things herein-before required, and in Manner herein-before directed,

or shall make any false Entry in any such Book or Paper, then, and in every such Cafe, the Maltster or

Maker of Malt so offending shall, for eaeh and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds ; MaltAer* tak-

and if any such ’Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be convicted of wilfully taking a false Oath, in any Cafe in ing uJu.- Oiths*

which an Oath is required by virtue of this Act, he, (he, or they shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to guilty of Per*

which Persons are liable for wilful and conupt Perjury.

44 Penalty of iool. for ol»ftru<9ing Officers in the Execution of this Act. § 8. Penalties to be recovered

44 and applied as under the Excise Laws, Half to the King, and Half to the informer, j 9. Continuance

«• of Aa till Marctiz5, 1801.”

CAP. VII.

An Act for continuing* and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, * [ToJune 24,

for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred and one. - [Sth December. 1800.J iSoi.J

CAP. VIII.

An Aafor continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in

England, JVaIesy and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco,

ana Snuff, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred and one. [3th December 1800.]

For one Year from March 25, 1801. [See 39 Geo. 3. r. 3.]

41 Geo. III. 4A # CAP.

