to8 C. 10S, 109. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Put not from

any which do

rot equally

arHdt the

Whole of the

Lands.

Application of

Surplus (if

any).

Corporations,

ice. empowered

by recited Acts

to contract for

Redemption of

Land Tax in

Preference to

others haying

no Interest, to

have the like

Preference until

Dec. 25, 1799.

[ Extended to

March 25,18co,

39 Geo. 3.

f. 10.]

Conveyances made under such Order or Diretfion as aforesaid, hold and enjoy the said Manors, Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased by him, her, or them, freed and absolutely discharged

therefrom.

XVII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act or in any such Order or Direction as aforesaid con-

tained (lull extend or be construed to extend to discharge the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or

Hereditaments, which shall be (0 fold for the Purposes aforesaid, from any Trulls, Mortgages, Liens, or In-

cumbrances which shall not equally affect or be a Charge upon the Whole of'the Manors, Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, the Land Tax of which shall be redeemed by the Monies arising

from the Sab.of a Part thereof; but all such last mentioned Trusts, Mortgages, Liens, and other Incum-

brances shall remain and continue chargeable upon the Manors and other Hereditaments, which shall be fold,

in the same Manner as if this Act had not been passed, and the Monies to arise from such Sales shall, under

the Direction of the fuid Courts respectively, be applied in the same Manner in or towards the Redemption

of Land Tax, as by the said Acts herein-before mentioned and this Act is d redled ; and if there shall be any

Surplus the fame shall, under the like Direction, be applied in or towaids theDilcharge of such first-mentioned

Mortgages, I/cns, or Incumbrances, or otherwise be laid out and inverted in the Purchase of other Manors,

Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be limited for and upon the like Uses, Trusts,

Intents, and Purposes, and subject to the fame Incumbrances as the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

or Hereditaments which shall be so fold, flood limited.

XVIII. And be it further enacted. That all Bodies Corporate and Politick, Companies, and Persons in

the said recited Acts mentioned, who by the said Acts or any of them are empowered to contract for the

Redemption of the Land Tax charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments

of which they shall be in Pofllflion, or to the Rents or Profits of which they shall be beneficially entitled, or

in which they shall have any Estate or Interest in Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy,or being Substitute

Heirs of Entail shall be entitled in their Order to succeed thereto, in Preference to any other Bodies, Corpo-

rations, or Companies, or other Persons whatsoever not having an Estate or Interest therein, and the respective

Committees, Curators, Tutors, Guardians, or Trustees of such Persons on their Behalf, shall have and be

entitled to such and the like Benefit of Preference in the Redemption of such Land Tax over such Bodies,

Corporations, Companies, or Persons, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-nine, until and upon the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-nine.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies as aforesaid,

shall have entered or shall hereafter enter into any T reaty for the Sale of any of their Manors, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements,or Hereditaments, for the Purposes of this A it and of the said Aits before mentioned, or shall have

made or shall hereafter make any Application to the said Commissioners appointed by his Majesty under the

Great Seal, for their Sandtion and Approbation of any Sale for the Purposes aforesaid, and shall obtain a Cer-

tificate under the Hands of any two of the fame Commissioners, that in their Opinion such Bodies Politick or

Corporate, or Companies, are proceeding or intend to proceed bonu fide and with reasonable Diligence to carry

into Execution any such Sale for the Purposes aforesaid, (which Certificate shall specify for what Period of

Time the fame shall run and operate,) it shall be lawful for such Bodies Politick and Corporate, or Companies,

•during the Continuance of such Period, (notwithstanding any Thing in any of the said Acts contained to the

contrary,) to contract and agree for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on their Manors, Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at any Time after the said twenty-fifth Day of June, in Preference to

any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, having or holding such Manors, Mef-

fuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments under any Demile made by Copy of Court Roll or otherwise,

by tuch first-mentioned Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, for Lives, or any Term or Terms for

Ye?.rs determinable on Lives, or for Years absolute, notwithstanding the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick

or Corporate, or Companies, having or holding such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-

ments under any such Demile shall have given Notice of their Intention to redeem such Land Tax : Provided

always, That such Bodies Politick and Corporate, or Companies, hereby enabled to contrail:, with such

Preference as aforesaid, shall produce such Certificate as aforesaid to the Commissioners appointed under the

King’s Sign Manual for the County where the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments*

the Land Tax whereof shall be proposed to be redeemed, shall be situate.

Thi& Act and XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions of this Act shall, in the Execution of

recited Aits to the above-mentioned Acts, be used and applied and construed in like Manner as if the fame Provisions were

tocc 1 herds'*one filially enacted in the said Acts ; and all and every the Provisions of the said Acts, in the Execution of this

' * Ail, except where the fame are hereby exprehly varied, shall be used and applied, extended and construed,

in like Manner as if the fame Provisions (except as aforesaid) were specially enabled in this Act.

CAP. CIX.

An Act for better Recruiting the Forces of the East India Company.—[iath July 1799.]

4 T Y 7II ERE AS the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies are by Law

4 V V entiled to maintain and keep up, and at their own Costs and Charges do maintain and keep up, a

* Military Force in their Settlements Abroad, for the Defence and Protection of the Territorial Acquisitions

4 and Revenues of which they are in Possession, and for the Defence and Protection of their Trade j and by

4 an

