xviii The TITLES of

Majesty to accept the Services of such Parts of the Militia

of this Kingdom as may offer to serve in Ireland; to the

Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in neutral

Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Pun-

pose; to the authorizing his Majesty to make Regulations

reflecting the Trade to tire Cape of Good Hope; to the

establishing Courts of Judicature in the I fund of New-'

foundidnd; to the enabling his Majesty to permit Goods to

be imported into this Kingdom in neutral Ships; and to

continue, until the thirtieth Day of September one thou-

sand eight hundred, nn Act of the last Sdlion of Parliament, for enabling his Majesty to prohibit the Exporta-

tion, and permit the Importation of Co.n, and for allow-

ing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, with-

out Payment of Duty. Piige 280

10. An Act to extend the Period, limited by an Act of the

last Session of Parliament, for the Benefit of Preference to

certain Bodies, Companies, and Persons, in contrafting

for the Redemption of Land I'ax, until the twenty-fifth

Day of March one thousand eight hundred. Ibid.

if. An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the i^ft

Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon

Income, as relates to the Appropriation of the said Duties,

and of the Duties upon Goods imported and exported,

granted by an A£\ of the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty. Ibid.

12. An Act to enable the Com midi oners of the Customs

to allow, until the first Day of April one thousand eight

hundred, British Plantation Sugars to be warehoused; to

Tevive so much of an Act, made in the thirty-second Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the afeer-

taining the average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Al-

lowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof , and

for allowing, until the fifth Day of May one thousand -

eight hundred, certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported. 281

13. An Act for allowing further Time for the Payment of

Instalments on certain Sums of Money advanced by Way

of i/oan to several Persons connected with and trading to

the Islands of Grenada and St. Vincent. 282

14. An Act for empowering his Majesty to shorten the Time

' for the Meeting of Parliament m Cafes of Adjournment.

285

15. An Act for continuing, until the Expiration of fix

Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of

Parliament, an Ac!, made in the thirty-eighth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Allfor

empowering his Majesty for a Time and to an Extent to be

limited, to accept the Services of such Parts of his ATditia

Forces in this Kingdom as may voluntarily offer themselves to

be employed in Ireland. 286

16. An Act for continuing, until the Expiration of fix

Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of

Parliament, an Act, made in the thirty-seventh Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the

letter Prevention and Puniflmia.t of Attcnrpts to seduce Per-

Jens frying in his Majesty $ Forces, by Sea or Lend* from

their Duty and Allegiance to his Alajejly, or to incite them to

Adutiny or Diffalienee. Ibid.

17. An Act to continue, until the first Day of March one

thousand eight hundred and three, an Act, made in the

thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for

efUblishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of New-

foundland \ and to continue, until the Expiration of forty

' Days after the Commencement of the next Scfliomof Par-

liament, several Laws relating to the Admission of certain

Articles of Merchandize in neutral Ships, and the issuing

of Orders in Council for, that Purpose; to the authorizing

his Majesty to make Regulations respefling the Trade to

4

the STATUTES.

the Cape of Good Hope; and to the enabling his Majesty ton

permit Goods to be imported into this Kingdom in neutrai

Ships. Peg* 286

18. An Act to prohibit, until the Expiration of six Weeks

after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament,

any Person or Persons from felling any Bread which (bail

not have been baked a certain Time. 28-?

19. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to

qualify ihemselves for Offices and Employments; and to

indemnity Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omit-

ted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the

Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time li-

mited for those Purposes, until the twenty-fifth Day of De-

cember one thousand eight hundred; to indemnify Mem-

bers and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough

Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be (lamp-

ed according to Law, or having been stamped, have been-

lost or mislaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty-

fifth Day of December one thousand eight hundred, to pro-

vide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons -

as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execu-

tion of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to

make and file the fame on or before the first Day of Mi-

chaelmas Term one thousand eight hundred; and for in-

demnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Oificers of the Militia,

who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qua-

lifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time di-

rested by Law, and for extending the Time limited for

that Purpose, until the first Day of September one thousand*

eight hundred. Ibid.

2o- An Act for further continuing, until the first Day of

February one thousand eight hundred and one, an Act,

made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for

further continuing, until the fir/l Day of March one thousand

eight hundred, an Atl, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, 4 An All to empower his Majesty to secure

and detain such Persons as his Majesty floall Jtfjpefi are con-

4 Jpiring agairjl his Person and Government .* 288:

21. An Act to continue, until the first Day of February one‘ -

thousand eight hundred and one, an Act, made, in this

present Session of Parliament, to prohibit the making of

low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, or other Sort of Grain,

or from Meal, Flour, or Bran, in that Part of Great Bri+

tain called Scotland. Ibid.

22. An Act for raising the Sum of twenty millions five hun-

dred thousand Pounds by Way of Annuities. Ibid.

23. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties of

^ Excise on British and Foreign Spirits, and Tea. 289

24. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine

Forces while on Shore. 293

25. An Act to prohibit, until the first Day of Ofiober 011c

thousand eight hundred, the Use of Wheat in making

Starch. Ibid.

26. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of two hun-

dred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Go-

vernor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by

them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the

Reduction of the National Debt. Ibid.

27. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Defcrtion; and for the

better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. Ibid.

28. An Act for establishing an Agreement with the- Gover-

nor and Company of the Bank of England\ for advancing

the Sum ofthree millions towards the Supply for the Ser-

vice of the Y ear one thousand eight hundred. 294.

29. An Act for granting Bounties on the Importation of

Wheat, Wheaten Flour, and Rice, until the firil: Day of

Otlcler one tlvoulhnd eight hundred. 302

30. An

t^oooole

