A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III.

C. 44.

3*9

he {hall have lodged such Certificate as aforesaid, the Order upon the Collector of the Parish or Place

where such Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or Serjeant lad resided, {hall be void; and in order to obtain a Con-

tinuance of his Allowance, such Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or Serjeant, shall give or fend Notice of his

Change of Residence to the said Receiver General, together with a like Certificate as is herein-before re-

quired From the Minister and Churchwardens of the rarish or Place where he shall intend to reside; and

such Receiver General shall thereupon, and so from Time to Time, cause like Order to be given to the

Collector of such other Parish or Place, for the Continuance of such Allowance to such Adjutant, Serjeant

Major, or Serjeant, so long as he shall be entitled to the fame.

V. And be it further epaded, That as often as any such Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or Serjeant, {hall

change his Place of Residence into any other County or Riding than the One in which his Certificate {hall

have been lodged as aforesaid, the Receiver General with whom the fame was lodged shall, upon a Demand

made for that Purpose, deliver up the Certificate of Service of such Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or

Serjeant, after indorsing thereon the Time up to which the Allowances thereon {hall have been paid; and

the Adjutant, Serjnnt Major, or Serjeant, to whom such Certificate {hall relate, {hall be entitled to receive

his Allowance by this Act granted from the Receiver General of such other County or Riding; and for

the Purpose of obtaining and granting the fame, every such Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or Serjeant, and

every such Receiver General and Collector, and other Person, shall proceed respectively, in like Manner,

in every Respect, as is herein-before diieded on the first Delivery of such Certificate.

VI. And be it {farther enacted, That every such reduced Adjutant, Serjeant Major, and Serjeant afore-

fiid, {hill at the Time of his transmitting the Certificate aforesaid, to the Receiver General of any County,

Riding, or Place, and also when and so often as he {hall change his Place of Residence, make a Return to

the Commanding Officer of the Militia of the County, Riding, or Place, to which he {hall belong, of the

Place at which he shall then reside.

Place

charging «heir

Place* of Rtfi-

deuce within

the fame Coun-

ty, in order to

obtain a Conti-

nuance of the

Allowances.

Rules to be ob-

fei ved for the

like Purpoft,

when Adju-

tants, Sec. re-

move into any

other County.

Adjutants, Sec.

Di ill make a Re-

turn to the

Commanding

Officer of the

Miiitin of the

of his Residence.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every reduced Adjutant, entitled to any Allowance under this

Ad may receive and take such Allowance, together with the Pay of any such other Commission, or any such

other Allowance or Emolument as is allowed to be held or received by any Adjutant of any Militia raised,

and serving under an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for

amending and reducing into one Act of Parliament^ the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great

Britain called England, together with any Pay or Allowance to which he may be entitled as such Ad-

jutant.

Adjutants may

take the Allow-

ance, toget er

with any Emo-

lument they

may receive un-

der 26 Geo. 3*

c. 107, and any

Allowance they

may be entitled to as Adjutants.

VIII. Provided always, That no reduced Adjutant aforesaid {hall be entitled to receive such Allowance Adjutantt hold-

under this A3, who {hall hold any Office of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, other than such as iJ?iany-ot!lcr

nr__af-A J J Office shall

aforesaid. not be entitled

to the Allowance,

IX. Provided always, and be it further enadeJ, That every such Adjutant, Serjeant Major, and Ser-

jeant, shall remain liable to serve in the Militia of the County, Riding, or Place to which he shall have be-

longed, and shall join any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia serving for such County, Riding, of

Place, whenevercalled upon so to do by the Commanding Officer of such Militia, either for the Purpose of Ap-

plying any Vacancy that may have arisen in the Rank he shall have held in the said Militia, or whenever

the Militia in which he shall have served {hall be again augmented in pursuance of the said recited A3 of this

Session of Parliament; and that from the Time of any such Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or Serjeant, being

again called into actual Service, and becoming entitled to the Pay of the Rjnk in which he had formerly

served, or in Cafe any such Adjutant shall be appointed Captain of a Company, or to any higher Rank

than that of Captain, or in case any such Adjutant, Serjeant Major or Serjeant, to whom such Allowance

shall have been granted, shall neglect to make such Return of his Place of Residence to the Commanding Of-

ficer of the Militia of the County, Riding, or Place for which he shall belong, as is required by this Act, or

shall negledor refuse to join such Militia, according to any Notice that shall have been given to him for

that Purpose, unless prevented by Sickness or other sufficient C^use, to be allowed by the Commanding Of-

ficer of such Militia, then, and in any such case, the Allowance granted by this Act shall wholly ceale.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Allowances hereby granted shall continue un-

til the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, and no longer.

XI- And be it further enacted, That if any such Collector as aforesaid shall at any Time refuse or ne-

gled to pay any such Allowance that {hall be demanded in pursuance of any Order of any Receiver General

granted by virtue of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or Serjeant, entitled there-

to, to make a Complaint of such Neglect or Refusal to any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for

the County, Riding, or Place, in which such Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or Serjeant shall reside, and such

Justice of the Peace shall thereupon cause such Collector to come before him with the Order for Payment

of such Allowance, and shall make such Order for the punctual Payment of such Allowance then or to be-

come due, as upon speh Enquiry he shall deem necessary 5 and if it shall appear to any such Jutfice of the

Peace, upon any such Complaint as aforesaid, that any such Collector hath unnecessarily and without any

good Cause wilfully refused or delayed the Payment of any such Allowance, it shall be lawful for such Juf-

ticeof the Peace to fine injlanter such Collector in any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, with-

out any other or further information than JSummons or Process as aforesaid, and unless such Fine {hall be

forthwith

Adjutants, See.

shall remain lia-

ble to serve in

the Militia, and

to join when

called upon by

the Command-

ing Officer.

The Allowance

to ccafe in cer-

tain Cafe«.

Continuance of

Allowances.

Jf a Collector

neglect to pay

the Allowance,

one Justice shall

on Complaint

order punctual

Payment, and

may fine the

CoJetfor, not

exceeding ioi.*

to be paid to

the Party

grieved.

’by

