498

The Lord

Mayor, Alder-

men, and Com-

mons of the

City of London,

after the Align-

ment or Sur-

render, shall

have and exer-

«ife the several

Powers by the

AOt of 39 Geo.

3. c. lxix. given

them for re-

pairing, 6cc. of

the Mooring

Chains) and

nothing in this

Aa shall

ahridge the

Power of the y

Lord Mayor to

appoint Har-

bour Matters.

The said Com-

pany’s Works

shall be exe-

cuted as foen

as pottibic, and

a Statement of

the Progref*

thereof annual-

ly be hid before

Dirctfors to lay

an Account be-

fore Parliament

yearly.

Rights of his

M jr'ty and the

Corporation of

London not t.>

be pteju diced.

C.xlvii. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

44 c. lxix: [andfee § 119, 120, of that yf/f?.] which direct Lord Gwydir, on receiving a Compensation to

44 surrender the Mooring Chains to his Majesty; and which direct Compensation to be made to the said

44 Lord Gwydir, and to his Majesty, repealed. Lord Gwydir and all other Persons entitled to the Moor-

44 ing Chains between London Bridge and Bughfs Hole, directed to assign and surrender the fame to his

44 Majesty, and that Compensation should be made for such Assignment. § 117- After Assignment or

44 Surrender by Lord Gwydir, all Rent, Dues, and other Payments in respect of the Mooring Chains, shall

44 cease, subject to the Regulations contained in 39 Geo.TlI. c. lxix. Payment out of the Consolidated

44 Fund to be made to Lord Givydir, &c. within seven Months, or before the End of one Month after the

44 Epxiration of the prolonged Time, in case of Arbitration under § 123. & feq. Compensation to his

44 Majesty out of the Consolidated Fund for the Relinquishment of Rent, to be paid into the Bank on Ac-

44 count of the Treasury as under the Land Tax Redemption Act. § 120. For Payment of Costs to Par-

44 ties, and to the Arbitrators or Umpire. §121. Repayment to be made to the Consolidated Fund, as under

44 § 144. of 39 Geo. III. lxix. f 122. Certain Arbitrators, named and appointed by the Treasury, Lord

44 Gwydir, and the two Dock Companies, empowered toascertain the Value of the Chains. § 123. A certain

44 Umpire named. § 124. The Arbitrators and Umpire to take an Oath. $ 12J. Oath. Notice of their

44 Meetings. § 126. Arbitrators and Umpire empowered to summon Witnesses and administer an Oath.

44 § 127. Arbitrators and Umpire authorized to examine interested Parties on Oath, and to require the

44 Production of Books, &c. § 128. And to impose a Fine for Non-attendance. § 129. Arbitrators and

44 Umpire in case of disputed Claims, empowered to Value the Rights; and the Money awarded for such

44 disputed Rights, shall be paid to the Deputy Remembrancer of the Exchequer. § 130. New Appoint-

44 ments may be made by the Parties in the Room of Arbitrators or Umpire dying or becoming incapable

4.4 to Act. § 131 - Two Months allowed to make the Award after any new Appointment, although the

44 six Months first mentioned shall have expired. § 132. The legal Rights of Parties to any Compen(htion

44 Money paid, saved if Claim made within twelve Calendar Months after the Payment. § I33,

CXXXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That, from and after such Assignment and Sur-

render of the said Mooring Chains shall be made as aforesaid, the* Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons

of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, or any other Person or Persons to be by them ap-

pointed in that Behalf, shall have and exercise the several Powers and Authorities in and by the (?id recited

Act of the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty given to them for and concerning the Reparation, Re-

moval, Alteration, Increase, Regulation, and Management of the Mooring Chains in the said River

Thames, between London Bridge and Bughfs Hole aforesaid, in such and the same Manner in all Respects as

if the fame Mooring Chains had been assigned and surrendered in purftjance of that Act; and that nothing

in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to lessen, defeat, or abridge the Powers by the

said recited Act given to the Lord Mayor of the City of London for the Time being, to nominate and ap-

point, and remove, suspend, and dismiss, the Harbour Masters of* in, and for the said Port of London, and

the Canal and other Works which shall be made in pursuance of the fame Act, or to take away, annul, de-

feat, lessen, or abridge any of the Powers and Authorities by the said recited Act given to or intended to

be exercised by the said Harbour Masters or any of them, subject to such Inspection and Approbation of the

Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, as in the said recited Act is ex-

pressed, save and except so far only as the fame last-mentioned Powers and Authorities or any of them may

interfere and be inconsistent with the Powers by this Act given to the said Dock Masters in and over such

Parts of the River Thames* shall be within the Distance of two hundred Yardsfromany Entrance out of the

said River into the Works of the said London Dock Company.

44 The Deputy Remembrancer of the Exchequer shall invest Money paid to him in Navy, Victualline, or

44 Exchequer Bills, subject to Orders of the Court of Exchequer.'§ 135. Clerk of the London Dock

4.4 Company to keep Accounts of Receipts and Disbursements. § 136.”

CXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Docks and other Works by this Act authorized

and directed to be made and done by the said Directors, or by or on Behalf of the said Dock Company, shall

also be begun as soon as possible after the passing of this Act, and completed with all convenient Dispatch;

and that afttr such Docks and other Works shall be begun, and until the fame be completed, the said Direc-

tors shall lay before each House of Parliament, yearly, within fourteen Days next after the Commencement

of every Session of Parliament, a true Statement of the Progrefe of the fame Works.

Parliament.

CXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall yearly, after the fame Docks and

other Works shall be begun, lay or cause to be laid before each House of Parliament, a true Account of the

Receipt and Application of all Monies which shall be received by the said Company by virtue of this Act,

and in every such Account shall be let forth what Alteration (if any) shall have been made in any of the Rates

or Duties hereby made payable to the said Dock Company*

44 Nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice any Remedy by the Company against the Sureties of their

44 Officers, See. j 139. Forfaving the Rights of the Trinity House. § 140.”

CXLI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That nothing in this Act contained shall

extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice or derogate from the Estates, Rights, Interests, Privileges,

Franehifes, or Authority of the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or of the-Mayor and Com-

monalty

O.OOQ

