A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. civ^~cvi.

' said Court against diem, and then, by suffering a short Imprisonment, have exonerated themselves from all

such Debts, and thereby defrauded their several Creditors;* be it therefore further enacted, That, from and

After the passing of this Act, all and every Person and Persons who {hall be taken in Execution under or by

virtue of any Procefe issuing from or out of the said Court of Reauefts, and who at the Time of being

taken into Custody, or during his, her, or their Imprisonment shall nave more than one Execution against

him, her, or them, in the said Court, be, (he, or they shall be imprisoned the limited Time for and in respect

of each Execution; (that is to say,) after the limited Time is expired on the first Execution, the ImprL

fonment shall commence on the second Execution; and after the limited Time is expired on the second Ex-

. edition the Imprisonment shall commence on the third Execution; and so on until he, she, or they shall

have been imprisoned the limited Time for and in respect of each Separate Execution to be issued against

him, her, or them in the said Court, previous to his, her, or their being taken into Custody, or during his,

her, or their Imprisonment; any Law, Statute, or Ufoge to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And whereas an Act of Parliament was passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his pre-

lent Majesty, intituled, An Act for reducing the Time for Imprisonment of Debtors committed to Prison

c upon Projections in Courts of Confcitnce in Londpn, Middlesex, and the Borough Southwark, to the fame

Periods in sach Court. and for abolishing Pees paid by those Debtors to Gaolers and others on account of such

c Imprisonment :* Now be it hereby further enacted, That all and every the Directions, Powers, and Provisions

contained in the fame Act, concerning the Discharge of imprisoned Persons without Payment of Fees, the

Hearing and Determination of Offences against the fame last mentioned AS and the Application of Pe-

nalties and Forfeitures thereby inflicted, the Limitation of Time for exhibiting Complaints or Informations,

and the issuing of Process, shall relate and extend to this present Act, and so far as the same are applicable

to the Purposes of this Act, shall be observed, exercised and performed respectively in such and the fame

Manner as if the fame were herein expressly mentioned and repeated, and at large re-enacted.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Adiiofi or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or

Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or on account of any Order, Determination, Judg-

ment, or Decree'of the said Commissioners, until fourteen Days* Notice shall be given thereof in Writing,

to be left at the Office of the Clerks of the said Court, of after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof

hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after three Calendar Months next after the Cause of

Adiion shall arise, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Actions and Suits, and every of them, mar

plead the General Issue, and give this AS and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which

fljall be had thereupon; and ibthe Plantiff shall be nonsuited, or if a Verdict or Judgment shall be given for

the Defendant or Defendants therein, then and in either of the said Cafes, such Defendant or Defendants

Hull have Double Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant or Defend-

ants may have for his, her, or their Costs in any Cafes by Law*

XIX. Provided always. That the two first herein-before recited Acts of the third Year of King James

the First, and the fourteenth Year of King George the Second, and all Powers, Provisoes, Clauses, Mat-

ters and Things therein respectively contained, shall, so far as the feme are not hereby expressly repealed, or

otherwise provided for, and are not inconsistent with any of the Provisions. of this present Act, continue

nd be in full Force, and extend to all and every Person and Persons to whom this Act doth or shall

*xtend.

Expences of Act to be paid out of the Suitors’ Money unclaimed in the Chamber of the City, f 20. But

the City shall makegood such Money when claimed by Suitors. $21. Commencement of Act 30th

September 1800. Publick Act. § 22.”

Cap. cv.

An Act for taking down, and re-building upon a more enlarged Scale, the Chapel of Saint Mary, in the

Town of Caernarvon* [9th July 1800.)

Cap. cvk

An Act for establishing anew Church or Chapel lately crested on the South Side of

Hunter Street, within the Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of

Lancaster. [9th July 1800.]

c TT WHEREAS by reason of the great Increase of Inhabitants within the Town and Parish of Liverpool,

in the County Palatine of Lancaster and Diocese Of Chester, the Churches and Chapels there are

not sufficient to contain the Inhabitants desirous of frequenting Divine Service according to the Liturgy of

c the Church of England: And whereas John Houghton, of Liverpool aforesaid, Lfquire, hath lately pur-

chafed and appropriated and set apart a certain Piece or Parcel of Ground, situate on the South Side of

c Hunter Street^ within the Liberties of the Town and Parish of Liverpool aforesaid, of which Piece of

c Ground he is now seised to him and his Heirs in Fee Simple, and which contains in Length on

the East Side one hundred and sixty Feet, on the Weft Side one hundred and sixty-six Feet, and

in Breadth on the South Side one hundred and forty-two Feet, and on the North Side one

hundred and twenty-nine Feet, and for the Scite of a Church or Chapel together with a Yard

T for a Burial Place or Cemetery thereto, and which Piece of Ground he hath, at his own Ex-

15 4 pence*

S» 9

to each Ex-

ecu tion. j

25 Geo. 4.

c. 45*

Recited A&, as

far as respect»

Disc barge of -

imprisoned Per-

fons without

Payment of

Fees, Ac. ex-

tended to this

Art.

Limitation of

Actions.

Central Issue.

Double Costs*

Recited Alts of

3 Jac. 1. and

14 Geo. 1. ex-

cept where

hereby repeal-

ed, extended for

this Alt.

