A. D. 1799* Anno tricesimo nono Georgii lit. 0. 43; 109

chafers, Mortgagees, and Grantees of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments*

shall be, and they are hereby reflectively indemnified and saved harmlefsfrom all Penalties, Forfeitures, and

Payments whatsoever, which shall have been incurred under and by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any or

either of them, by reason of not paying such Money, or such Stock being transferred, on or before the said

first Day of May j any Thing in the Lid Acts, or any or either of them, to the contrary notwith-

Ibnding.

111. Jftovided always, That the second and every flibfequent Inftulment to be transferred on any such

Contract, shall be made good on or before the respsftive Times in the said recited Acts mentioned, in the

same Manner as if this Act had not been passed, or the first instalment hsd been transferred on or before

the said first: Day of May: Provided also. That nothing herein contained shall extend to the altering the

Time for the Registry of any such Contract ; but that every such Conti ad shall be registered in such and

theJike Manner, and at such Time as by the said Act is required, as if the Transfer of block made thereon

bad been made on or before the said first Day of M<iy> in the said Acts mentioned.

Second and Tub-

fcquent inltai-

nunts to be

trade by the

Tunes men-

tioned in recited

Acts, and Cou-

tr:<<fh to be re-

giftered as there-

by required.

IV. And be it further enacted, That nothing contained in the said last recited Act of the present Session

of Parliament shall extend to reltrain the Court of Chancery in England, or the Court of Session in Scotland,

tomake such Order respecting the Application of the Income to be derived from the Redemption of any

Land Tax which shall be redeemed by or out of the Monies to be produced by the Sale of any Timber which

shall be cut down by Order of the said Courts, during so long Time as the M anors, Lands, Tenements, or

Hereditaments, on which such Timber shall be growing, shall be in Possession of any Person or Persons hav-

fnga limited Interestor limited intertfts therein, having Regard to the State and Condition of such Tim-

ber, and to the Rights of all Persons interested therein.

Last recited Act

not to reilrain

the Court, of

Chancery, or

Session from

m.king Order

resetting the-

Application of

Income derived

say Persons

Irving a limited Interest from Land Tax redeemed by Sale of Timber.

V. And be it further enacted, That where any Lessee of any Manors, Mefliiages, Lands, Tenements, Where Lessees

or Hereditaments, demised by any Bishop or other Ecclesiastical Corporation, and charged with Land 'Pax, undw Bithops^'

shall be liable by virtue of the said last recited Act, on occasion of the Redemption of the Land l ax ab^ to*

charged thereon, to pay the Amount of such Land 'Fax to such Bishop or other Ecclesiastical Corporation, Land Tax, and

and such Manors, 'Meiliniges, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; shall be demised to any under Leiiee* the Lands shall

who'shall be bound by Covenant or Agreement to pay such Land Tax, then and in such Cafe the Amount have been dc-

of the Land Tax charged on such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and so ”“^to“nder

redeemed as aforesaid, shall be considered as Rent reserved or made payable on such last mentioned Demise, Land TaxUfliall

and the fame Powers shall be had, used, or enjoyed, for the Recovery thereof, as for the Recovery of such be considered as

Rent when in Arrear. Kent reftrvtd on such laftDunife.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, Thc covernors

in the said first recited Act mentioned, to execute the Powers contained therein for the Redemption of any oi Queen

Land Tax which shall have been or shall be contracted for by the Incumbent or Incumbents of Livings at Anne’s Bounty

any Time previous to the Sale of such Land Tax under the said Act, in like Manner as they might have may continue to

done within the Period limited by the said Act; and all Acts and Deeds of such Guvernors, and also aft *xetute the

Contrafts made before the passing of this Act, shall be valid and efteftual for the Purposes in the said Act

mentioned, notwithstanding any Limitation of Time therein contained. of ^8 g.3. c* o*

for Redemption ofTand Tax contracted for by IncunaKats.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees for the Time being of any Trull

Property heretofore given by any Will for the Purpose of being laid out in the Purchase of Lands or im-

propriate Tythes, for the Benefit of the poor Clergy of England, and who were empowered by the said

secondiy recited Act to apply their Funds therein mentioned for the Redemption or Purchase of Land Tax

charged upon the Lands, Tythes, or other Profits arising from any Living or Livings belonging to the

Church of England, which should have been contracted for on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to carry into Execution all and every the said Powers for the

Redemption or Purchase of such Land Tax which shall have been or shall be contracted for by the Incum-

bent or Incumbents of any Living or Livings in the Manner directed by the said Act, at any Time before

the twenty fifth Day of Aiavcb one thousand eight hundred, and the Transfers of Stock to be made for such

Redemption drill have Effect from the Quarter Day preceding the making thereof, and all other Acts,

Matters, and Things, which the said Trustees might lawfully have done under and by virtue of the said

fccocdly recited Act, shall be as valid and efteftual to exonerate and difehiirge tnc Lands, Tythes and other

Profits of such Living or Livings from the Payment of the Land Tax redeemed, as if such Land "Fax had

been contrafted for on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and' ninety-*

r.ine. •

Tniftces for ihs

poor Clergy

ui.dtrany Wills

may execute

the Towers

given them by

§ -ja of c. 6. of

this St (lion, for

theRed'.mprkrv

ol Land Tax

contracted ior

by fneumbents-

before March. ‘

25, 1800.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That nothing in the said last recited Act of the present

5essionof Parliament contained shall be construed to extend to any Appeal against any Land Tax, or any

AiTefl’ment of Land Tax contrafted for, or to any Contraft for the Redemption of such Land Tax which

shall have been reduced in its Amount within three Years preceding the Time of completing such Con-

trad, unless such Appeal shall be made against the Party who shall have entered into such Contraft, his or

her Heirs or Aftjgns, and unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of rhe Commissioners before whom Inch

Appeal shall be heard, and. shall be adjudged by them* that the Reduction in the Amount of the AOell

inent of Land Taxfo redeemed was fraudulently made, or was obtained by some undue Practice or false

Reprefeiuation of the Value of the Dilate of such Party, in the Parish or Place where such Aflelfment was

5 made*

§)32> 33 of

c 21. of this

Sc.Ton r.ot to

extent! to Ap-

peals against

ai y Land Tr.xy

or Aflcirm&nt ot'

Land Tax con-

tract’d for, or

to any Contract

forRcdeniptkOix

c.

