A.D. 1860. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 41—43.

of such specifick Parts of the fame Premises as shall have been held in Trust, or subject to such Covenants

or Engagements for Renewal as aforesaid, to the relpedfive Under Leilas and Ceftuique Trusts, upon fair

and reasonable Terms, subject to an Apportionment of the accustomed Rent or, Rents, and other Payments,

according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act; and every such Surrender fomade, and the new Leases

to be granted thereon, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be good and effectual in Law

and Equity, notwithstanding such Under Lessees and Ceftuique Trusts, or any of them, shall or maybe

Infants, issue unborn, Femes Covert, Ferfcns absent from the Realm or otherwise incapacitated to act for

themselves, provided that such new Leases respectively be for the Benefit of the several Persons entitled to the

Benefit of such surrendered Lease or Leases respectively, and be expreisly so declared in the Body of each such

new Leases relbedhvely.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for the better Observance of Good Fridaym certain Cafes therein mentioned/

£ 16th May 1800.]

\X WHEREAS the Bank of England arid Bankers in general are often under the Necessity of trans-

c VV acting Business on Good Friday, for the Purpose ol receiving Money for Bills of Exchange and

€ Promissory Notes becoming payable on that Day, in consequence whereof many Persons are prevented

observing the fame with due Solemnity; now, therefore, for the better Observance of Good Friday/ be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That

where Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes become due and payable on Good Friday\ the fame shall, from

and after the fiift Day of June next ensuing, be payable on the Day before Good Friday; and the'Holder

or Holders of such Bills of Exchange or Promissory Notes, may note and protest the fame for Non-pay-

ment on the Day preceding Good Friday, in like Manner as if the fame had fallen due and become payable

on the Day preceding Good Friday; and such Noting: nd Protests shall have the fame Effect and Operation

at Law as it such Bills and roiw(Tory Notes had fallen due and become payable on the Day preced-

ing Good Friday, in the same Manner as is ufuai in the Cafes of Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes

coming due on the Day before any Lord’s Day,commonly called Sunday^and before the Feast of the Na-

tivity or Birth Day of our Lord, commonly called Christmas hay.

CAP. XLIIL

An Act to confirm an Agreement entered into between the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury and

the Most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury to contract

with the Moji Ncb.'e Charles Duke of Richmond, for the absolute Purchaje of the Property of the said Duke,

and of all others inter cjled, in a certain Duty of twelve Pence per Chaldron on Coats shipped in the River

T yne to be consumed in England, and to grant a Compensatian for the fame, by way of Annuity, payable out

of the Confohdated Fund. [30th May 1800.]

tThe Preamble fully recites the Letters Patent of Dec. 18. 29 Car. 2. and the Act 30 Geo. 2. (r. io. of the

'rivate Acts) recited in 39 Geo. 3. c. 84. It then proceeds to recite the last-mentioned Act, empowering

the Treasury to contract with his Grace, and that a ContradI had accordingly been made by Indenture, dated

August 19, 1799, by which Deed, dating that the average Produce of the Duties calculated on the last ten

Years, amounted to 21,000L per Annum, the Treasury agreed with his Grace for the Purchase of the said

Duties by an Annuity of 19,000l. payable out of the Consolidated Fund :]—44 The recited Contract is by this

44 Adlfully and absolutely ratified,confirmed, anjd established. § 1. The said Annnity of 19,000 /. is charged

44 upon the Consolidated Fund, and made payable Quarterly. $ 2. Treasury by Warrants shall direct the

44 Auditor of the Exchequer to make forth, from l ime to Time, Debentures for the Annuity without

44 Fees. § 3. The Warrants, when signed, shall be valid, notwithstanding the Demise of his Majesty,

4i lAc. §4. Treasury, i$c. shall do all Acts without Fee. §5. Acquittance of the Person entitled to the

44 Annuity shall be sufficient, who may sue for NegledI of Payment of it. $ 6. After 1808, the Person entitled

44 to the Annuity may, on six Months’Notice to the Treasury, have the Whole or any Part funded in

44 Trustees* Names in the 3 per Cent. Confols. § 7. Before the Expiration of the Year 1808. a Part of the

44 Annuity, not exceeding a third, may be so funded on Notice from the Annuitant. § 8. The Treasury

44 may fund the Whole or any Part of the Annuity at any Time. § 9. On such Investment in the 3 per

44 Cents, taking Place, the Annuity, or so much as has been funded, shall cease. § to.”

CAP.

$17

granted by the

original Leflore r

to the Ceftuique

Trust* and Un-

der Lctfte, on

reasonable

Terms, fubjc&

to the accus-

tomeJRent,

&c.

Where Bills of

Exchange and

Promissory

Notes become

pa> able on Good

Friday, the fame

shall be payable

on the Day be-

fore, and the

Holders thereof

may protest the

fame for Non-

payment on

such preceding

Pay.

