A. D. 1800. Anno 390 & 40° Georgii III. xlvii. 493

LXIX. Provided also, and be it farther enacted, That if the Cargoes of such Ship or Vert'd (other than

and except as before mentioned) shall consist of Fruit, as well as of Wine or Brandy, that then it shall and anyoatherrpiaCc

may be lawful to and for any such Ship or Vessel (previous to their entering intq the said Docks for the Pur- previous to ad

pose of unloading and discharging such Part of her Cargo as shall consist of Wine or Brandy) to unload and tering the

difeharee such Part of her Cargo as, shall consist of Fruit, at any of the present legal Quays or other al- Docks,

lowed Place or Places within the Port of London ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in

any wise notwithstanding.

44 If at any Time Ships laden as above carmot be admitted into the Docks, three Cormnlflioners of the

44 Cuitoms may authorize the Cargoes of those Ships to be landed at other legal Quays. § 70. [as under § 89

44 of 39 Geo* III* Cap* lxix.}”

LXXI. And be it further enacted. That all Ships and VefTeTs delivering Part of their Cargoes at the Vessels deliver-

Docks or on the Quays or other Landing Places in the Isle of Dogs, and Part thereof at the Docks or on the Part

Quays by this Act directed to be made, shall pay a rateable Part of the Dues payable under the Act passed

in the last Session of Parliament for making the said Docks and other Works in the said Isle of Dogs, and the Quays* or

under this present Act, at each of the said Docks, in the Proportion that the Quantity of Goods or Mer- otherLandin*;

chandizefo discharged or unloaded at each of the said Docks bears to the Register Tonnage of the Ship ; Places in the

and for the Purpose of ascertaining the aforesaid Proportion of Tonnage, and the Quantity of the Goods or |flc of Dogs,

Merchandize so partially discharged, theColledlor of the Dues at the Isle of Dogs (if required) shall make [xixOand

out and deliver to the Collector of the Dues at the Docks by this Act directed to be made, of other Person part at the n

duly authorized by the said London Dock Company, Certificates under his Hand of the Tonnage of the en- Docks, Ac, di-

tire Cargo as near as may be, and of all Goods and Merchandize so partially landed from all and every the by this

Ships or Vessels landing the fame, containing an Account of the Quantities and Species thereof \ and the ^a!1 PaX

Amount of the Dues paid in respect thereof, shall be paid upon such Goods to be ascertained by the Landing ^r®t^8r^®n‘

Waiter’s Book. der each act.~

LXXIL And be it further enacted, That all and every such Act or Acts of Parliament, or Part or Parts

thereof, as prohibit or anyhow prevent the Entrance of any Ship or Vessel into any Wet Dock in the said

River Thames^ (except such Ships or Vessels as are or shall be bound by Law to enter particular Docks,) shall

be and are hereby- repealed and absolutely made void,

LXXIII. And be it further enacted. That all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Things whatsoever, which

{hall be landed or Chipped upon or from the Quays or Wharfs intended to-be built in or near to the said

Docks, or any of them* (had be fubjjedl and liable to such and the like Tolls, Duties, Dues, and Customs,

as if the fame were landed upon or shipped from the present legal Quays within the City of London, or as if

the fame intended Quays or Wharfs were situated within the said City, except in such Cafes as are herein-

after specified.

44 Directors empowered to appoint Clerks, Treasurers, and other Officers, taking Security, and allowing.

44 them Salaries. § 74. Directors empowered to make Regulations for Clerks and Officers; and may re-

44 peal, amend, and alter the fame ; and may fix Penalties for Non-observance, not exceeding 40/. Rules,

44 Orders, (sfc. to be printed and distributed. Penalties to be levied by Distress and Sale, by Warrant of

44 two Juttlces of Middlesex. f 75. Rules subject to the Controul of the Company, who may inspect, of

<c alter, or annul, any of them. § 76. Penalty on breaking or extinguishing Lamps, &c. 40;* or one Ca.-

44 lendar Month’s imprisonment. §.77.”

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors, or any

thirteen or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required from Time to Time, as Occasion

shall require, to nominate and appoint a proper Person or Per Tons to be Dock Master or Dock M afters,

and to remove, suspend, or dismiss the fame; which Dock Master or Dock Matters shall have full Power

and Authority to direct the mooring, unmooring, moving^ or removing of all Ships and Vessels, Lighters

and Craft, coming into, lying, or being in the said Bason or Basons, Dock or Docks, or Cuts, or any of

them, either as tathe Time or Times, and Manner of their Entrance into, lying in, or going out of the

fame, and their Postion, loading, and discharging therein, and the Time or Times of opening or (hutting

the several Gates thereof; and in case the Owner, Master, Pilot, Servant, or other Person having the Care

of any Ship or other Veflll, shall refuse or negledlto moor, unmoor, move, or remove the fame according,

to such Direction, within twelve Hours-after Notice to him or them given in Writing, or left with some

Person or Persons on board the said Ship or Vessel for that Purpose, that then it shall be lawful for the said.

Dock Master or Dock Mailers, or his and their Aflistants, and he and they is and are hereby required to-

moor, unmoor, move, or remove such Ship or Vessel, and the Charges and Ex peaces thereof respectivel y..

shall be repaid, together with the Sum often Pounds for each Offence, by the Mailer or Owner of fuctv

Ship or Vessel, and may be recovered by the said Company of the Owner of such Ship or Vessel, in case?

of Non-payment thereof on Demand, by such Ways and Means as Penalties and Forfeitures are by this-

Act to be recovered ; which said Penalty, when recovered, shall be paid over to the Uses herein-after men-

tioned ; and in case any Master, Commander, Mate, Pilot, or other Person or Persons having the Com-

mand of any Ship or other Vessel, or the Owner, Agent, Consignee, or any other Person or Persons

whomsoever, shall obstrudl or hinder the mooring, unmooring, moving, or removing of any. Ship or other

Vessel, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered

and applied as herein-after declared

LXXIX, Pro.

All A&i prohi-

biting the En-

trance of Ships

into Wet Docks

repealed.

Goods landed

on the Q.uays

and Wharfs of

the new Docks

liable to the

fame Tolls, Ac*

as at the City

Quays.

Thirteen Di-

rectors may ap-

point a Dock

Master.

His Power.

Penalty agalrf?

Proprietors 01:

Vcffeh causing

Obstructons*.

1 cl.

