(Public Local arid P erfonal,) 39 & 40 GEO. III. xxiii

jw. An Act for amending, altering, improving, and keep-

ing in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road

in Witney to the Turnpike Road on Swerford Heath, and

also the Road leading from the Turnpike Road from

Woodstock to Birmingham) through Charlbury,Xo the Turn-

pike Road from Chipping Norton to Burford, all in the

County of Oxford, v Page 483

xvii. An Act for making and repairing the Road from the

Town of Stonehaven, through the Slug-mount, to the new

Bridge over the River Dee at Cobhheugh, in the County

of Kincardine. Ibid.

xviii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and

from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia-

ment, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of

two Acts, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of

his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the eigh-

teenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for repair-

ing the Road from JVak field to Auflerlands, in the Weft

Riding of the County of York. 484

xix. An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from-

thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament,

the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act,

made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, for amending, widening, turning, varying, alter-

ing, and keeping in Repair several Roads therein men-

tioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, so far as the

fame relates to the Road from Haftingden to Todmorden,

being the second District of the said Roads ; and for making

and maintaining a Branch therefrom at or near a Place

called Fear ns in Wolfenden Booth, to Edge Side in the fame

Booth and another Branch therefrom at or near a Place

called Robert’s Mill in Bacup Booth, into the Rochdale

Turnpike Road in the Parish of Spotland, all in the said

County Palatine of Lane after. Ibid.

xx. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from

Ale mouth, through Alnwick and Rotbbury, to Hexham, and

a Branch from the said Road, between Alnwick and Roth-

bury, to Jockey’s Dike Bridge, in the County of Northum-

berland. Ibid*

xxi. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and

preserving the Open Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste

Grounds within the Parish of Ludham, in the County of

Norfolk. . Ibid,

xxii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two

Acts, passed for widening and repairing the High Road

leading from Heron Syke, which divides the Counties of

Lane qj Ur and IVcJhnorland, to the Town of Kir key in

Kendal, and from the said Town of Kirkby in Kendal,

through the Town of Shop, to Emont Bridge, in the said

County of Westmorland. Ibid,

xxiii. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal

from the River Thames, near to the '1 own of Gravesend,

in the County of Kent, to the River Medway, at a Place

called Nichofin’s Ship-lard, in the Parish of Frindsbury,

in the said County ; and also a certain Collateral Cut,

from IVbite Wall in the said Parish, to the said River Med-

way. Ibid,

xxiv. An Act for amend iwg the several Acts passed for

making, extending, finilfcing, and completing the Canal

Navigation from Mane hefter to or near Ashlon-under- Lyne

an6 Oldham, and the several Cuts and other Works au-

thorized to be made and dene by the Company of Pro-

prietors of the said Canal Navigation ; and for granting to

the said Company further and other Powers. Ibid.

xxv. An Act for lighting the Streets and Lanes of the

Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and the Quays and

Wharfs belonging to the said Borough, and that Part of

the Bridge over the River Tweed, which lies within the

Liberties of the said Borough, and also the Street of Cqftle•

gate, within the said Borough or the Liberties thereof;

and for paving the Foot-paths of the Streets of the said

Borough and of Cnflle-gate aforesaid ; and for preventing

Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

Page 484

xxvi. An Act to alter, explain, amend, and render more ef-

fectual, an Act, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, inti-

tuled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands

in the lile of Ely and County of N01 folk, lying between

The Hundred Foot River a?id the Ouze, and bounded on

the South by the Hard Lands of Mepall, Wicham, Went-

worth, Wichford, Ely, Downham, and Littleport ; and

for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of

the Company of Conservators of the Great Le vel of the Fens,

commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands lying

within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invested Lands.

4»S

xxvii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and

from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers'

of two Acts, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the

nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for

repairing and widening the Road from The Swan Inn at

Leatherhead, to the May Pole at the upper End of Spital

or Somerset-Street, in the Parish of Stoke near the Town of

Guldeford, in the County of Surrey. Ibid'.

xxviii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and

from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers

of two Acts, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the tenth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing

several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, lead-

ing to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis, and from

the Turnpike Road on Uplyme Hill to the Turnpike Road

at The Three Ashes, in the Parish of Crewkerne, in the

County of SomcrJet, and other Roads therein mentioned.

Ibid.

xxix. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two

Acts made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his

late Majesty King George the Second and ths twentieth-

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as the fame

relate to repairing and widening the Road from the Bo-

rough of Ripon, by Ingram Bank, to the Town of Pate ley

Bridge, in the County of York. Ibid.

xxx. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an

Act, passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, intituled. An Act for more cfjeftually. re-

pairing the Road leading from the Town of Denbigh to the

Toiunof Saint Asaph, and from thence to the Town and Port

of Ruthland, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint; and

for repealing an Act, made in the thirty second Year of his late

Moj fly King George the Second, so Jar as the fame relate s

to the said Road. I bill.

xxxi. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

. the Term and altering the Powers of two Acts, passed in

the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

George the Second, and in the nineteenth Year of the

Reign

