A. D. 1799. Anno tricesimo' nono Georgii III. C. 80.

said former Acts of Parliament herein-before mentioned, or in any of them contained, shall extend, or be

construed to extend, to impeach, invalidate, or make void any Policy or Policies of Insurance which shall

have been made before the patting of this Act, by reason or in consequence of any Certificate or Certifi-

cates which have been required and given, in order to the clearing out any Ship or Vessel employed in the

Slave Trade to the Coalt of Ajricay by the Owner or Owners of the Ship or Vessel then about to clear out

and to fail, or by the Owner or Owners of some other Ship or Vessel in whole Employ the Person then

about to fail had been formerly employed and failed, or to inflid any Penalty or Penalties upon the Owner

or Owners of such Ship or Vessel: Provided always. That the Matter contained in such Affidavits of the

Owner or Owners heretofore made as aforesaid shall have been, and in such Affidavits as shall hereafter be

made shall be, true in Substance and Matter of Fad.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted. That, from and after the first Day of August next after the passing of

this Act, no Ship or Vessel shall be permitted to be entered or cleared Outwards, for the Purpose of shipping

5nd carrying Slaves from the Coalt of Africa, from any Part of his Majesty’s Dominions, except the Ports of

,london, Liverpool, and Bristol.

l6l

before the paflT-

ing of tiii* Act,

shall not be

void by reason

of Certificate*

given under re-

cited Acts, *c.

No Vessels shall

be cleared out

for carrying

Slaves, except

from the Ports of London, Liverpotl, and Brillol.

SCHEDULE (A.)

I. ARTICLES of Agreement between the Matter, Officers, Mariners, Seamen, and Seafaring Men, of

the Ship bound from the Port of upon an intended Voyage to the Coall

of Africa for from thence to the West Indies or America, and afterwards to

in Great Britain, or to her delivering Port in Europe.

FIRST, The Matter does hereby covenant, agree, and engage, with the said Officers, Seamen, Sea-

faring Men, Landfmen, and Boys, That he will pay, or cause to be paid, to each and every of them,

at the Rate of the Wages per Month, Sterling Value, as against each Person’s Name is expressed in the

Mutter Roll.

Secondly, The said Matter does further agree and engage with the said Officers, Mariners, Seamen, Sea-

faring Men, Landfmen, and Boys, that they shall be daily and regularly supplied with good and wholesome

Victuals, and a Portion of Wine or Spirits, as hereafter specified ; the said Provisions to be issued and dressed

in the usual Manner in which it is done on board his Majesty’s Ships of War, and served out to the Ship’s

Company in the Manner following; (videlicet,)

Sunday* — One Pound and an Half of Beef, containing sixteen Ounces to the Pound, and a Pint

of Flour.

Monday, — One Pound of Pork, containing sixteen Ounces to the Pound, and Half a Pint of

Pease.

Tuc(day, — One Pint of Oatmeal, and two Ounces of Butter, and four Ounces ofCheefe; or, one

Pound of Stock Fish, with one-eighth of a Pint of Oil, and a Quarter of a Pint of

Vinegar, in lieu of Butter and Cheese.

Wedneslay, The fame as Monday.

Thursday, The fame as Sunday.

Friday, — The fame as Tuesday.

Saturday, — The fame as Monday.

Each Person besides to have six Pounds of Bread per Week $ and a Quarter of a Pint of Spirits, or Half a

Pint of Wine, together with of Water per Day during the Voyage.

In lieu of Pease and Oatmeal may be served Rice, Indian Corn, Yams, or Calavances.

In case of being put tofhort Allowance, the Matter, Officers, and Seamen, are to be at the fame Al-

lowance of Provisions and Water, and to be allowed Short Allowance Money, at the Rate of Three-

pence per Day if at two Thirds Allowance, and Four-pence Halfpenny per Day per Man, if at Half Al-

lowance, and to be paid their Short Allowance Money ten Days before the Vessel fails from the IVefl Indies

or America.

And it is hereby further covenanted and agreed by and between the said Parties, That the Matter of the

said Ship, at his or the Owners proper Cost and Charge, will hire and employ the Natives m their Craft, to

wood and water the said Ship, during her Continuance on the Coast of Africa, if such Natives can be pro-

cured, under the Direction of a Patroon belonging u> the said Ship.

And it is further agreed on the Part of the said Matter, That whenever the Officers and Seamen are em- r

ployed trading in Craft up the Rivers, that the said Matter will, on the Part of the Owners, fumifh the "

(Parties so employed with a sufficient Quantity of painted Canvas, or Tarpawling, for an Awning, and Pro-

visions for the Time,in the Proportion per Diem as is set forth in the foregoing Article, with proper Utensils

and Fire to dress the fame j and upon Failure thereof, for every such Neglect! he shall forfeit double the Value

of Provisions.

The said Matter does further agree and engage, That there shall be a Space reserved for two third Parts

of the Ship’s Company to (helter rbemlelves while the Slaves are on board; if a Frigate-built Snip, it shall

be under the Half Deck, or in the Steerage, or under a (landing Awning of Wood, well caulked, in any

other Ship or Vessel.

It is hereby further agreed by the said Matter, That he will not, upon any Pretence whatsoever, turn over

or discharge any of the Officers or Ship’s Company belonging to the said Ship, unless on Promotion, or to

assist a Ship attually in Distress, and not then unless properly certified as before expidfcd in this Act j and

39 Geo. Ill* Y the

