2i 2 C. 109,110. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Regimental

Courts Martial

may be con-

vened.

United Company, during the Time of their being foemployed, and trained and exercised under the Autho-

rity of this Act, which Courts Martial may either conlift of Officers appointed to train and difeipiine the

said Men, or of such other Officers in the Service of the Eqjl India Company, holding Commissions from

his Majesty, as may be in Great Britain upon Furlough, or by Leave of Absence, or of Officers in his

Majesty’s Service in Great Britain, or of such Numbers and Proportions of each, as to his Majesty shall

seem meet; and such Courts Martial shall in all other Respects be convened, and have the fame Powers and

Authorities, and their Sentences shall be carried into Execution, as if they were Courts Martial rcipefting

his Majesty’s Forces.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That Regimental Courts Martial, or Courts Martial to be composed of

Officers of different Corps, with the fame Powers as Regimental Courts Martial, may be convened for

enquiring into such Disputes or Criminal Matters as may come before them, touching any of the Non-

commilhoned Officers or Soldiers in the Service of the said United Company during the Time of their being*

so employed and trained and exercised as aforesaid, and for awarding corporal or other Punishments for

small Offences; and such Courts Martial shall be constituted and proceeded, and their Sentences

{hall be carried into Execution in like Manner as if they were Courts Martial respecting his Majesty *s

Forces.

Offences com-

muted after

Embarkation

may be tried on

Arrival at Place

of Dtttination.

XX. And forasmuch as it may happen that Offences m3y be committed by the said Officers and Men

4 after their Embarkation, and before their Arrival at their Places of Destination Abroad, which neverthe-

4 less cannot be tried and punished during their Passage, in such Manner as such OiFences ought to be tried

and punishedbe it therefore enacted, That in every such Cafe, every such Ofticer or Soldier shall and

may, after his Arrival at his Place of Destination Abroad, be tried and punished for every Offence commit-

ted after his Embarkation, and before his Arrival, in the same Manner as he would have been liable to be

tried and punished if such Offence had been committed in any Place where the Offendercould have been tried

by any Court Martial held under the Authority of the said Act, past'ed in the twenty-seventh Year of his lat&

Majesty’s Reign.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Court of Directors of the said United Company shall, and

Court of Di-

rectors shall

transmit twice

a Year a Re-

port of the

Number of Men

Jevied, &c. to

the Secretary of

$>t«e and the Commander in Chief.

FnhilckAfl. XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed to be a Publick Act, and shall be taken*

Notice of as such, by all Judges and Justices whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

they are hereby required and directed, twice in every Year, to make out a Report of the Number of Men

levied and fubhfted by virtue of this Act, and of all the Orders issued, and every other Matter or Thing

done or directed to be done by them in the Execution of this Act, and to transmit one Copy of the fame to

one of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, and another to the Commander in Chief of his Majesty ’$

Forces.

An Augmenta-

tion shall be

made of the

Salaries of cer-

tain Judges, to

be paid out of

theConfc lidated

Fund, viz. (6

much as will

Make the Sala-

ries of the

Matter of the

Rolls and Chief

Baton amount in

|jtt Whole to

CAP. CX.

An Act for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in VPejlminster

Hall, and also of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Judiciary, and Barons

of Exchequer, in Scotland\ and for enabling His Majesty to grant Annuities to Persons

in certain Offices in the said Courts of WestminJter Hall) on their Resignation of the’tc

respective Offices.—■[ 12th July 1799.]

4 Most gracious Sovereign,

IT WHEREAS the Salaries of the Master of the Rolls, the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, the

VV Puisne Judges in the Court of King’s Bench, the Puisne Judges in the Court of Common Pleas,

and the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer, at Ivejiminster, are inadequate to the Dig-

4 nity and Importance of their Offices; and it is therefore expedient that a further Augmentation

4 should be made thereto, and that your Majesty should be enabled to make proper Provision, from Time

4 to Time, for such Persons as shall have diligently and uprightly conducted themselves in the Execution of

the Office of Chief Justice of the King’s Bench, Master of the Rolls, Chief Justice of the Common Pleas,

4 Chief Baron of the Exchequer, the Justices of the Courts of King’s Bench and Common Pleas, and Ba-

4 rons of the Coif in your Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, and for that Purpose to grant Annuities to the re -

4 spective Amounts, and for the Periods herein-after mentioned, to such Officers respectively; and also to

4 make a competent and fitting Provision for such Persons as may hold the Office of Chancellor or Keeper of

the Great Seal of Great Britain, in the Event of their quitting or being removed from the said Employ-

4 mentj we, your Majesty’s rnoft dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain^ in Parlia-

4 ment assembled, do meft humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted;’ and be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and

after the passing of this Act, there shall be issued, paid, and payable, out of, and charged and chargeable upon,

the Consolidated Fund, (after paying and reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have

been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the lame; but with Preference to all

other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon, or payable out of, the said Fund,) to the fevp-

ral Persons herein-after mentioned, as an Augmentation of their respective Salaries, so much Money as will

makeup their respective Salaries and pecuniary Profits belonging to their said respective Offices, to the an-

6 jiual

I

