A. D. 1806, Anno quadragesimo primo Gborcii Ilf. C. 10.

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this ptefent Parliament af-

sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That front and after the first Day of December one thousand

eight hundred, and until the first Day of OSiober one thousand eight hundred and one, there shall be paid

s*nd allowed upon all Foreign Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, and Indian Corn, and Meal of any such Corn,

or Grain, and upon all Pease and Beans, and Wheaten Flour and Rice, imported or brought into this

Kingdom before the first Day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, in British Ships or Vessels,

or in Ships or Vessels belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, however

the fame may be navigated, the several and respective Bounties hereinafter me ntioned, and futh respective

Bounties shall be payable and paid upon the several Terms and Conditions herein-after particularly and re-

Fpedively let forth as to each of such Articles- ,

IL And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Bounties granted by this Act upon Wheat,

Barley, Rye, Oats, Pease, and Beans, and upon the Meal of Barley, Rye, and Oats respectively, shall be

regulated and paid according to the respective Average Prices, ascertained according to the Provisions of this

Act, of Foreign Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Pease, and Beans in London, which shall be publifiied in the

London Gazette in the Third Week after the Entry of the Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Pease, or Beans, or

3ny Rich Meal as aforesaid, upon which any Bounty is claimed under this Act.

after Lntry

547

Bounti-’s shall

he paid, from

Dej. 1,

until OQ. 1,

1801, on Fo-

reign Wheat,

See. imported in

British VetfVh,

or Velios be-

longing to b'tattfe

in Amity witU

His M ijesty.

Bounties shall 1

regulated

according to ✓"

Ih- Average

Prices in the

Gazette, the

Thud Week

of the Articles.

III. And be i: further enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of December, there shall be paid

and allowed on every Quarter of Foreign Wheat, weighing four hundred and twenty four Pounds Weight

Avoirdupois or upwards, which shall be imported into Great Britain, a Bounty equal to the Sum by

which the said Average Price of Foreign Wheat in London, publifiied in the London Gazette in the T hird

Week after the Importation of such Wheat, shall be Ids than one hundred Shillings per Quarter ; on everf

Quarter of Foreign Barley, weighing three hundred and fifty-two Pounds Weight Avoirdupois or upwards,

which shall be imported as aforesaid, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the Average Price of

Foreign Barley in London, publifiied as aforesaid, shall be less than fifty Shillings per Quarter ; on every

•Quarter of Foreign Rye, weighing four hundred and eight Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, which shall be

imported as aforesaid, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the Average Price of Foreign Rye in London^

published as aforesaid, shall be less than sixty-five Shillings^ Quarter; on every Quarter of Foreign Oats,

'Weighing two hundred and sixty-four Pounds Weight Avoirdupois or upwards, which shall be imported as

aforesaid, a, Bounty equal to the Sum by which the Average Price of Foreign Oats in London, published

as aforesaid, shall be less than forty Shillings per (Quarter; on every Quarter of Foreign Pease which shall

be imported as aforesaid, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the Average Price of Foreign Pease in

London^ published as aforesaid, shall be less than seventy-five Shillings per Quarter; and on ever}' Quartet

of Foreign Beans which shall be imported as aforesaid, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the

Average Price of Foreign Beans in London, published as aforesaid, shall be less than fifty Shillings per

Quarter.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of December one thousand eight hun-

dred, there shall be paid and allowed upon all Foreign Wheaten Flour, (other than and except American

Flour,) and upon all Foreign Barley Meal, Rye MeaJ, and Oit Meal, imported as aforesaid, such and the

like Bounties in every Respect as are by this Act before granted on Foreign Wheat, Barley^ Rye, and

Oats respectively: and that for the Purpose of ascertaining and estimating the said Bounties, two hundred

and eighty Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of all Foreign Flour, upon which any Bounty is payable under

this Act, (other than and except American as aforesaid,) shall be deemed equal to one Quarter of Wheat,

and one hundred and ninety-six Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of such Barley Med shall be deemed equal to

one Quarter of Barley, and two hundred and twenty-four Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of such Rye Meal

shall be deemed equal to one Quarter of Rye, and one hundred and seventy-six Pounds Weight Avoirdu-

pois of Oat Meal (h dl be deemed equal to one Quarter of Oats.

V. And be it further enacted. That no Person or Persons shall be entitled to any of the Bounties allowed

Bounties on

Wheat, Bar-

ley, Rye,

Olts, Pease,

and Be ani.

Dot* ntie* or

Wheaten

Flour, (except

American,)

Barky Meal,

Rye Meal, and

Oat Meal.

by this Act on any Corn, Grain, Pulse, Meal, Flour, or Rice, unless the fame shall be imported or

brought respect ively into some Port where there is a Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, or into any

•cither Port that shall be approved of by his Majesty with the Advice of his Privy Council*

f VI. 4 And, in order that the Averse Prices of Foreign Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Pease, and Beans,

* may be ascertained and publifiied, for the Purposes of this Act, in the City and Port of London ;* be it

Further enacted, That every Corn Factor, or Importer of Corn, Grain, or Pu!fe, carrying on Ins Trade

<*r Business in the City of London, or in the Suburbs thereof, shall, within Seven Days after the passing of

•this Ad, or after that 'Time, within Days'from the Time he shall begin to deal in the Sale of Fo-

reign Corn, Grain, or Pulse, make Declaration in the Form following ; (that is to say,)

V J B. do hereby declare, That the Returns of the Quantities and Prices of Foreign Corn, Grain, and

* s PuHe, which shall have been examined and certified as merchantable, and of the respective Weights

c Per Quarter mentioned in an Act of the forty-first Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, [here injert the

* Title of the Atlf\ and which henceforward shall be by or for me fold and and delivered during the Con*

*' tinuance of the said Act, shall, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, contain the whole Quantity,

C and no more, of the said Foreign Corn, Grain, or Pulse, bona fide fold and delivered by of for me,

* within the Period to which they shall refer, with the Prices of such Corn, and the iianles of the Owner

4 A z 4 or

No Bounties

shall be a:lowed,

unless the >\rti.

cits are brought

to a Port where

tlurt U a Collector, Sec*

Every Corn

Factor in Lon-

don or the

Suburbs, shall

make the fol-

lowing Decla-

ration,

by

