34+ '

A Bounty

granted on Rye

impoited before

Oft. i, 1S00.

Where Publlck

Accountants die

or go out of Of-

fice indebted to

fiis Majesty

500I. or up-

wards, the

proper Officer

ihali compute

Interest at 5

per Cent, on

the Balance,

and give the

Party or his Re-

presentative

Notice of the

Amount of

bo tit.

Parties thinking

themselves ag-

grieved by

Charge of Inte-

rest, may within

fix Monthbap-

ply to the

Court of Ex-

chequer j but no

C. S3> 54. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

CAP. LIII.

An Act for granting a Bounty on the Importation of Rye, until the fifteenth Day of

October one thousand eight hundred. [20th June 1800.]

c \ X 7 HEREAS it is expedient that Encouragement should be given to the Importation of Rye into this

4 YV Kingdom, for a limited Time ;* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ;

and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame. That, from and after the passing of this Act, for Rye imported or brought into this Kingdom in

British Ships or Vdlels, or in Ships or Veffds belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity

with his Majesty, however the fame may be navigated, there shall be paid and allowed the following

Bounty; (that is to say,) whenever the Average Price of Rye, ascertained and published in the London

Gazette under the Authority of any Act or Acts Of Parliament, shall be less than sixty-five Shillings per

Quarter, a Bounty equal to the Difference of such Average Price and such Rate of sixty five Shillings shall

be paid on every Quarter of Rye which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain before the first Day

of October one thousand eight hundred.

44 Bounty to be paid according to the Average Price of Rye published in the London Gazette the second

44 Week after its Importation. § 2. [as under § 2. cf c. 20. cf this SeJJ'um, ref petting Wheat.] Bounty to be

44 under the Management of the Commissioners of Cuitoms. Entry to be made at the Port of Ini porta-

<c tion, and Proof given that the Rye is free from Mixture. § 3. [as under § 4. of c. 29.] No Bounty to

44 be allowed unless the Rye is imported at certain Ports. § 4. [The Ports named in c. 29. § 5 ] Rye im-

44 ported, to be inspecied by the Officers of the Customs and two skilful Persons, v/noare to certify whether

44 it is merchantable and fit for making Meal. $ 5. [as under § 4. of c. 35. of this Stffion.] Recompenceto

44 be made the Jnfpedtors, 1 d, per Quarter. § 6. Commissioners of Cuitoms may pay Bounty on Rye im-

44 ported before Obt. 15, 1800, on Proof of the Vessels having failed at such Times, that they might in the

44 ordinary C >urfe of their Voyage have arrived before Oct. ift. § 7. Vessels arriving at a Port where the

*4 Bounty is not allowed, may fail to one where it is. § 8. [asunder $ 5,6, 7, of c. 35. of this Sejfrn.]

44 Continuance of Act till Out. 15, 1800. § 9. Act may be altered or repealed this Sdfion. § to.”

CAP. LIV.

An Act for more effectually charging Publick Accountants with the Payment of Interest;

for allowing Interest to them in certain Cafes; and for compelling the Payment of Ba-

lances due from them. [20th June 1800.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide more effectually, in certain Cafes, for charging Publick Ac-

countants with the Payment of Interest upon Publick Monies received by and due from themP

May it therefore ‘p^afe your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excel-

lent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, 'T hat in all Cafes where any

Person employed in the Collection or Receipt of any Part of his Majesty’s Revenues, ihali, from and

after the passing of this Act, die, or go out of Office, being indebted to his Majesty at that Time, inre-

spedl of his said Office, to the Amount of five hundred Pounds or upwards, the proper Officer or Officers

to whom it does or may belong by Law to ascertain the Balance due to his Majesty, and demandable from

such Person or his lawful Representative or Representatives, shall compute Interest, after the Rate of five

Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the Whole of such Balance, from three Months next after the Time

of such Person going out of Office, or from twelve Months next after the Death of such Person (as the

Cafe may be), unto the* Day of ascertaining such Balance; and the said Officer or Officers shall thereupon

forthwith cause a Notice in Writing to be given to such Person, or his lawful Representative or Representa-

tives, or his or their Agent, speci lying the Amount of such Balance, and also of such Charge for Interest;

the total Amount of which said Balance and Interest shall and may be sued for and recovered, by such Pro-

cess, and in such Manner, as any other Debt due to his Majesty, together with Interest thereon, to be com-

puted in such Manner as herein* after directed: Provided nevertheless, That if such Accounting Party, or

his Representative or Representatives, shall think himself or themselves aggrieved by such Chaige for Inte-

rest, it shall and may be lawful for him or them to apply (within iix Months froip receiving such

Notice,) to his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at Weshninjiery by Motion in open Court; which Court

shall proceed to hear and determine the said Matter, and allow or disallow the said Charge for Interest, in the

Whole or in Parr, as to the said Court thall seem just and reasonable: Provided also, That no such Pro-

ceeding Touching such Charge for Interest shall prevent or delay the filing for or recovering the Balance

aforesaid, exclusive of such Interest, in such Manner as the fame might heretofore have been lued for or re-

covered.

Aich Proceeding shall prevent recovering Balances, exclusive of Interest.

U. And

