C. lxxiv—lxxxii. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III.

A.D. 1800.

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the South End

of the Moor Lane, in the 1 ownship of Great Bolton, into the Turnpike Road :rom Manchester tx>

Wigan, near W ejlkoughton Chapely in the County Palatine of Lancaster. [20th Jk//* iSoo.J

[For twenty-one Years, fcfc. from the first Meeting of the Trustees.]

Gsp. Ixxv.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-

first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, so far as the fame relate to such of the Roads from Tetbury, and other Placer

in the bounty of Gloucester as are comprized in the said last mentioned Act, and for amending and re-

pairing certain other Roads in and through the Parish of HorJlejy and neat Tetbury aforesaid, in the (aii

County of Gloucester. [20th June 1800.]

[Term of former Acts to cease as to Roads mentioned in 20 Geo. 2. and recited Acts (as tathofe RoadsL

and this Act, to continue for twenty-one Years, &c. from the first Meeting of Trustees under this AdtJ

Cap. Ixxvw

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the nineteenth

♦ Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for amending the Road from the nine Mile Stone 'on tht'Bristol

Road, at or near a Place called Ihe Clay Pits9 to or near the Chapel at Stone, and also the Roads to or near

Berkeley, Durjley, Wotton-under^Edgey Stroud, and Sodbury, and several other Roads in the Counties of

Gloucester and IViltiy except lb far as the said Act relates to the Roads to or near Sodbwry aforesaid.

[20th June 1800.}

[The Term of that Act, as to the Roads herein mentioned, to cease; and the said Act, and this Act, to con-

tinue for twenty-one Years, &c. from the first Meeting of the Trustees under this Act.]

Cap. Ixxvir.

An Act to empower the Guardians of the Most Noble Henry Duke of NewcqJlky an Infant, to grant Ecafcs

of certain Parts of his Estates in the County of Nottingham. [20th June 1800.]

Cap. Ixxviii.

An Act for vesting certain detached Parts of the Estates devised by the Will of Michael Hicks Esquire, in

the Counties of EJfeXy Norfolky Shffolky and Gloucester, and in Londony in Trustees for carrying info Exe-

cution certain Agreements for Sale of Parts thereof, and to fell the other Parts thereof, and to apply the

; Money arising from such Sales in the Purchase of other Estates in the said County of Gloucester, to be

settled to the same Uses* [20th June 1800 J

Cap. lxxixr

An Act for vetting the Estates of Penyfton Portlock Powney Esquire, deceased, situate in the County of

Berksy in Trustees, to be sold, for paying Incumbrances and Debts, and for laying out the Surplus under

the Directions of the Court of Chancery in the Purchase of other Estates, to be conveyed to the Trustees

of the Will of the said Penyston Portlock Powneyr in lieu thereof. [20th June 1800.]

Cap. Ixxx.

An Act for effecting ah Exchange between the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of the Holy

Trinity of Chicheflery and the Right Honourable James Lord Selfey, and the Honourable John Peachey9

of certain Messuages* Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Su/fex. [20th June 1800.]

Cap. Ixxxi*

An Act for more eflfeftually veiling and facilitating the raising of a Sum of ten thousand Pounds, which*

by the Settlement of the Family Estates of the Right Honourable George dugujlus Earl of Guilford, was

provided for the Portions of his younger Children, in-and for the Benefit of the Honourable Lady Maria

Northy (the only Child of the said Earl by the Right Honourable Maria Countess of Guilford, his late

Wife,) if Ihe lhalllive ta attain the Age of twenty one Years, or to be married. [20th June 1800.]

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Triftram HuddLJlont Jervoise Esquire, in

Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise therefrom, under the Direction of the Court

of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled iu lieu thereof, and to the same Uses.

[20th June iSoo.J

Ccf*

