$96 C. 79.' Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. *8oo;

Coart at Fort said Fort Saint George and Town of Madras, and the Limits thereof, and the Factories Subordinate thereto,

William in Ben- and within the Territories which now are or hereafter may he subjeef to or dependant upon the said Go-

S*1* vemment of Madras, as the said Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, by virtue of any

Law now in force and unrepealed, or by this present Adf, doth consist of, is inverted with, or subject to,

within the said Fort William, or the Kingdoms or Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orifl’a.

Covcrnorand JII. Provided always. That the Governor and Council at Madras, and the Governor General of

Council at Ma- port Jf/'Hliam aforesaid, shall enjoy the fa ne Exemption, and no other, from the Authority of the said

from th^Aii- Supreme Court of Judicature to be there erected. as is enjoyed by the said Governor General and

thority of the Council at Fort William aforesaid, from the Jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of Judicature there already

Court to he by Law established.

v there eretted;

in the same Manner as the Governor General and Connell at Fort William. [See 13 Geo, 3. e. 63. $ 17.]

If his Majesty IV. And be it further enacted, That if his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall grant such Charter

shall ere<^a as aforesaid, and erect such Supreme Court of Judicature at Madras as aforesaid, all the Records, Muni-

at1 Madras ^he ments, and Proceedings whatsoever, of and belonging to the late Vlayor’s Court at Madras, or to the late

Records dWdt- Court of Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, which were, by the said Act passed in the thit ty-seventh

cdby 37 Geo. 3. Year of his present Majesty, directed to be delivered over, preierved, and deposited in the new Courts

c. 14a. erected by virtue of the said A df; and all the Records, Muniments, and Proceedings whatsoever, of and

verw^over to belonging to any of the said new Courts, (lull, from and immediately after such Supreme Court of Judi-

the newCourts cature as his Majesty is hereby empowered to eredh shall be established at Madras, be delivered over to be

erected under preserved and deposited for safe Custody in the said new Court of Judicature; to which all Parties con-

that act, and cerned shall and may have Resort and Recourse upon Application to the said Court.

those belonging

thereto, shall be delivered over to the Supreme Court.

So much of the V. And be it further enaQed, That so much of the Charter granted by his present Majesty, for fcrefling

the Courts of the Recorder of Madras znd Bombay, as relates to the Appointment of such Recorder, and the

ereihng the erecting of such Courts of Judicature at Madras, in case a new Charter shall be granted by his Majesty,

Courts of the his Heirs or Successors, and shall be openly published at Madras, from and immediately after such Publi-

Recorderof cation, shall cease and determine and be absolutely void to all Intents arid Purposes whatsoever; and all

Madras, as re- Powers and Authorities granted by the said A61 of the thirty seventh of his present Majesty to the said

pofntment^of a" Courts of the Recorder at Madrasy shall cease and determine, and be-no longer exercised by the said Court,

Recorder, &c but the fame shall and may be exercised by the Supreme Court of Judicature to be erected by virtue of this

shall be void on Ad, in the Manner and to the Extent herein-before directed. 9

the granting and

pubhihing the new Charter, and the Powers granted by 37 Geo. 3. c, 142. may be exercised by the Supreme Court.

The Court of VI. And be it further enacted, That when the said Supreme Court of Judicature which his Majesty is

ouse*to belaid hereby empowered to ered, shall be erected, the Court of Directors of the said United Company shall, and

ccrta:n°Salaries they are hereby required to, direct and cause to be paid certain and established Salaries to the Chief Justice,

viz. 6:001. to and each of the Judges of such Supreme Court of judicature at Madras, as shall be by the said new Char-

ge Chief Juf- ter established; that is to say, to the Chief Justice six thousand Pounds by the Year; and to each of the

i.ee and 50001. Judges at the said Supreme Court of Judicature at Madras five thousand Pounds by the Year; and that

judges of the *uch Salaries shall be paid and payable to each and every of them resp‘:dively out of the territorial Re-

supreme Court venues of the said Settlement of Madras, at an Exchange of eight Shillings for the Pagoda of that Setde*

when efta- ment.

Hished by the

new Charter, out of the territorial Revenues of Madras. ' '

When Salaries

shall com-

mence, which

Shall be in lieu

of a 1 Percjui-

Atea.

If the Clues

Justice, or any

of the Puisne

Judges, shall

return co Eu-

rope, his Ma-

jtlty may di-<

reeled Allow--

antes to be

made to them

ut of the Re-

venue oi the

British Ttrri-

tojTtts in India,

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Salaries shall commence and take place in respect of such Per

(ons who shall be resident in Great Britain at the Time of their Appointment, upon and from the Day on

which such Person shall embark from Great Britain, and that the Salaries of ;di such Persons who shall at

the Time of their Appointment be resident in India, shall commence and take place from and after their

respectively taking upon them the Execution of their Office as aforesaid; and rhat all such Salaries shall be

in lieu of all Fees of Office, jferquifites, Emoluments, and Advantages whatsoever, and that no Fees of

Office, Perquisites, Emoluments, or Advantages whatsoever shall be accepted, received, or taken in any

Manner, or on any Account or Pretence whatsoever, other than such Salaries and Allowances as are in

and by this Act directed to be paid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Chief Justice, or any or either of the Puisne Judges of the

Supreme Court of Judicature to be erected at Madras by virtue of this Adf, shall return to Europe, from

Age, Infirmity, or other Cause to be approved of by his Majesty, it shall and may be lawful for his Ma-

Jefty, by Warrant under the Sign Manual, to direct and authorize an Allowance to be made out, of the Re-

venues of the British Territories in India, to such Chief Justice or Judge (o returning: Provided always,

That it shall not be lawful for his Majesty to direct any larger Allowance to be made to such Chief Justice

than the Sum of one thousand six hundred Pounds Sterling, nor to any of the said Puisne Judges so return-

ing, than the Sum of one thousand two hundred Pounds Sterling per Annum; npr shall it be lawful for his

Majesty to direct any Allowance to be made to any Person who has not resided in I Mi a for seven Years,

either as Chief Justice or one of the Puisne Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature of Fort William, or

of the Supreme Court of Judicature to be erected as aforesaid at Madras? nor to authorize the Payment of

10 any

