A.D. 1799.' Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. lxix.

and Hereditaments so renderedlefsvah«*ble respectively, and to the Governors of Chri/Ps tiospital aforesaid,

or their Successors, for the Injury, Loss, or Damage which such Owners, Occupiers, Porters, Carmen,

and other Persons and Governors respectively shall have thereby suffered or sustained, as shall be agreed

on between the faiJ Commissioners and such respective Owners, Occupiers, and other Persons interested or

employed as aforesaid, or between the said Commissioners and Governors so far as relates to the said Car-

rooms.

* When Parties refuse or are unable to agree for Compensation, Juries for ascertaining the fame may be

* empannelled before the Commissioners, and such Juries shall award the Amounts of Compensations on

4< Oath. Verdict of the Jury, to be final. Previous Notice being given to Parties interested. [for

u §17.] § la*. The Commissioners empowered to impose Fines on Sheriffs, Jurors, &c. for Non-at-

u tendance, Neglect, &c. § 123. Corporations, Trustees, £SV. empowered to agree for such Compenfa-

w tion. § 124. When a good Title to Compensation Money cannotfbe shewn, or Parties entitled thereto

€‘ cannot be found, such Money to be paid into the Bank, subjetS to the Order of the Court of Chan-

" eery on Motion or Petition. § 125. ' Purchase Monies to be inverted in a Manner exactly similar to that

“ direfled under § 25. in case of Purchases by the City. % 126. Verdicts, Judgments, concerning

a Compensations, and Receipts of Cashiers of the Bank for Compensation Monies, to be entered among

the Records of \he Lord Mayor’s Court, or General or Quarter Sessions. $ 127.”

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Claim shall be made or admitted for any Compensation

by this A& directed to be managed by the said Commissioners, before or until the Expiration of three Years

next after Notice of the (kid Docks and Dock Premises being ready for Use shall have beenfirft given in The

London Gazette, and two or more publick Morning Newfoapers usually circulated in London^ and that all

such Claims shall be made, and the Ascertainment of the Compensation so claimed shall be proceeded in

without Delay, within one Year next ensuing the Expiration of the fame 1 aft mentioned Term of three

Years; and.that all and every Bodies and Body Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, Corporations aggre-

£te or Sole, and other Persons and Person whosoever claiming any such Compensation, shall, within the

d one Year, enter a Memorial of such their respective Claims, in a Book, to be for that Purpose pre-

pared and kept by the Clerk of the said Commissioners, which Book the said Clerk is hereby required to.

prepare and keep accordingly, and for which Entry he shall be entitled to such Fee, and no other, as the

Register of the County of Middlesex is by Law entitled to for the Registry of a Memorial containing the

feme Number of Words; and that in case any Compensation by this AS direSed to be claimed for Loss

or Damage, and to be managed by the said Commissioners, shall not be claimed, and a Memorial of such

Claims entered in the said Book, and the Ascertainment of such Compensation in Manner aforesaid pro-

ceeded in without Delay, on the Part of the Claimant or Claimants, within one Year next ensuing the Ex-

piration of the said Term of three Years next after Notice of the said Docks and Dock Premises being

ready for Use shall have, been first given as aforesaid, then, and in every such Cafe, no Compensation IhaQ

be allowed for such Loss or Damage; and all and every Bodies and Body Politick, Corporate, and Colle-

giate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and other Persons and Person whosoever, who might have claimed

such Compensation or Compensations, but who shall have neglected to claim the fame, and enter as before

direSed a Memorial of >such Claim, and proceed in causing to be ascertained such Compensation orCom-

Tpenfations within the said one Year, shall be barred and excluded from all Right and Title to any such Com-

pensation or Compensations whatsoever, under or by virtue of this AS 5 any Thing herein contained to the

contrary thereofln any wise notwithstanding: Provided always nevertheless, That if any Person or Persons

entitled to, or who ought to claim any such Taft mentioned Compensation, shall happen to be absent from the

Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland during the Whole of the said one Year, and there shall not be any

Person in this Kingdom duly empowered to act for him, her, or them, in that Behalf, then, and in every such

Cafe it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so being or having been absent, to make his, her, or their

Claim of such Compensation, and enter a Memorial thereof as aforesaid, and proceed without Delay in the

Aicertainment of such Compensation, at any Time within two Years next ensuing the Expiration of the

said Term of three Years1 or in Default thereof shall also be in like Manner barred and excluded from

all Right and Title t§ any such Compensation under or by virtue of this AS : Provided also, That the Li-

mitations, ReftriSions, and DireSions, contained in this present Clause, for preventing Claims for Com-

pensation till the Expiration of the said Term of three Years, and direSing that Claimants shall make, enter

Memorials of, and oroceed in such Claims within one Year, or within two Years next after such Expira-

tion, or be barred, shall not extend or be construed to relate to the Compensations herein direSed to be made

to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the said Peter Lord Gwydir, and his AlIigns,on Account of the

said Mooring Chains, or to their respeSive Claims of such Compensations.

* Claimants may recover Compensation Money from Persons who shall have wrongfully received the fame.

CXXX. * And, to the Intent that asufficient Number of fit and proper Persons may be chosen and ap-

• pointed for managing the Business of the said Compensations,’ be it further enaSed, That the Right Ho-

nourable 'John Lord Sheffield, and also Sir John William Anderjcn Baronet, William Curtis Esquire, Hervey

Christian Combe Esquire, Brook Wation Esquire, Sir John Earner Knight, Charles Price Esquire, James

Shauue Esquire, and William Champion Esquire, Aldermen of the City of London, William Lufhington

Esquire, Sir Francis Baring Baronet, William Wilberforce Bird Esquire, Samuel Robert Gauffien Esquire,

William Manning Esquire, William Mellish Esquire, Thomas Theophilus Metcalfe Esquire, Robert Peel Ef-

qoire, Robert Preston Esquire, Abram Robarti Esquire, Henry Thornton Esquire, Samuel Thornton Esquire,

John

247

No Claims to b«

made for such

la(l mentioned

Compensations

till three Years

after Notice of

the Docks.

being ready for

Use; and all

such Claims am

to be made and

entered in a

Book, within

one Year after

the Expiration

of the said

Term of three

Years, or other-

wife to be

barred.

Appo'r»tm;n

of the Com-

misti oners of

Comptnfaucrtlr

Goog

