A.D. 1800. Anho 39® & 40* Georgii III. * C. 105, io6. 465

thereon, tested on the Returns of such Wrirs of Inquiry, or Scire facias^ or judicial Process, in such and Court of Com.

the like Manner as if the fame had been made returnable at the preceding Session of Assizes of the said County wehitter

Palatine. gee. mm

III. Provided always. That no final Judgment be entered, or Execution issued, within the Space of ten No final Judg-

Days ne*t after the Day of the Return of any such Writ of Inquiry of Damages or Scire facias, made re- mentftulibe

turnable under the Authority of this Act, exclusive of the Day of such Return and the Day of entering such Jem ion issue

final Judgment, or issuing forth of such Execution. . Wirhin xo dear

Days after the Day of the Return of the Writ Of Inquiry or Scire facias, &c,

‘ IV. And Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be conftfued to debar any Party or Par- I^*?/*0* ds*

ties from moving in Arrest of Judgment, or bringing a Writ of Error, in the same Manner as he cr they n*J7ing inarreil

'might have done before tfre making of this Act. # ofju^mtm.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained distil alter* vary, or affect any ,Voc^J^

Proceedings in any Action already commenced, and now depending in the said Court of Common Pleas at not bc af-

l*ancafler. ' f-£ted.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Publick Ad/ Publick AA.

*nd shall be judicially taken taken Notice of as stich, by all Judges; Justices, and other Persons whomsoever,

without specially pleading the same. * * ■. ' ;

CAP. CVI. , » r

An Act to repeal an Act, paflfcd in the last Session of Parliament*, intituled, An Act to

prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen \ and to substitute gther srovisions in lieu

thereof. , [29th July 1800.] ; V

c XWHEREAS it is expedient to explain and amend/an Ad, passed in .the thirty*ninth Year of1 the

J VV Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, /in Act to prevent unlawful Combinations,of Worksnen \ be

it therefore enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,’by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Pailnment assembled, and by the Authority

of the fame. That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Act shall be repealed ; and that aif Con-

tracts, Covenants, and Agreements whatsoeveT, in Writing or not in Writing, at any "l ime or Times

heretofore made or entered into by or between any Journeymen Manufacturers.or other Persons within this

Kingdom, for obtaining an Advance of Wages of them or any of them, or any other Journeymen Manq*

fadurers or Workmen, or other Persons in any Manufacture, Trade, or Business, or for leaning or al-

tering their* or any of their usual Hours or Time of Working, or for decreasing the Quantity gf Work,

(save and except any Contract made or to be made between any Master and his Journeyman or Manufac-

turer, for or on Account of the Work or Service of such Journeyman or Manufadurcr with whom such

Contract may be made,) or for preventing or hindering any Person or Persons from employing whomsoever

he, (he, or they shall think proper to employ in his, her, or their Manufacture, Trade, or Business, or for

controlling or any Way affecting any Person or Persons carrying on any Manufacture, Trade, or Business,

in the Conded or Management thereof; shall be and the fame are hereby declared to be illegal, null, and

void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

^9 G?o. j c,

tti. repealed.

All Contra^*

heretofore en-

tered into for

obtaining An

Advance of

Wages, altering

the usual Time

of working,

decreasing the

Quantify of

Work,&c.

(except Con-

tracts between

Matters and 1

Men) shall be

illegal.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Journeyman, Workman, or other Person shall at any Time after

the passing of this Act make or enter into, or be concerned in the making of or entering into any such

Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, in Writing or not in Writing, as is herein-before declared to be an

illegal Covenant* Contract, or Agreement; and every Journeyman and Workman or other Person who, after

the passing of this Act, shall be guilty of any of the said Offences, being thereof lawfully convicted, upon his

own Confession, or the Oath or Oaths of * one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any two

Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place where such Of-

fence shall be committed, (which Oath either of such Justices is hereby authorized and empowered to ad-

minister in such Cafe, and in all other Cafes where an Oath is to be taken before any Justices of the Peace

in pursuance of this Act,) within three Calendar Months next after the Offence shall have been committed,

shall, by Order of such Justices, be committed to and confined in the Common Gaol within his or their

Jurisdiction, for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, or at the Diferetion of such Justices shall

be committed to some House of Corredion within the same Jurisdiction, there to remain and be kept to hard

Labour for any Time not exceeding two Calendar Months.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Journeyman or Workman, or other Person, who shall at any

Time after the passing of this Act, enter into any Combination to obtain an Advance of Wages, or to lessen

or alter the Hours or Duration of the 'Lime of Working, or to decrease the Quantity of Work, or for any

other Purpose contrary to this Act, or who shall, by giving Money, or by Persuasion, Solicitation, or Inti-

midation, or any other Means, wilfully and maliciously endeavour to prevent any unhired or unemployed

Journeyman or Workman*, or other Person, in any Manufacture, Trade, or Business, or any other Per-

son wanting Employment in such Manufacture, Trade, or Business, from hiring himself to any Manufac-

turer, or Tradesman, or Person conducting any Manufacture, Trade, or Business, or who shall, for the

Purpose of obtaining an Advance of Wages, or for* any other Purpose contrary to the Provisions of this

39 & 40 Geo. III. 3 0 Ad,

Every Work-

man, after par-

ting this A A,

who shall be

guilty of any

such Offence,

shall be com-

mitted ty the

ComincA Gaol

for not more

than three

Months, or the

House of Cor-

rection, for not

more tlwm two

on Conviction

before two

Justices;

r.s also any

Woikman en-

tering into any

Combination

for advancing

Wages, &c. or

who shall wil-

fully and mali-

ciously endea-

your to prevent

any Workman

from hiring

