$04 C. I07, 108. Anno-tricesimo nono Georgii III. A; D. 1799.

Publick Revenue ; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Re-

ceipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from the

said Duties and paid into the said Receipt shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rate*

and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge

as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or .payable to his Majesty* his'

Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever.

CAP. CVIII.

38 Geo. 3.

C.60. 39 Geo• 3.

ec. 6. ix. 40.

43]

Corporation* '

may Tell the Fee

Simple of Ef-

tates to redeem

the Land Tax

notwithftend-

5ng its having

been redeemed

by Lessees, &c.

{ami fee § 9.)

39 Geo. 3. c. 21.

4 *• 4> 5>

The Commis-

sioners appoint-

ed by 39 Geo. 3.

c. 21. $ a. shall

direct how Sti-

pends shall be

paid orberne in

future, which

were charged

upon Estates

belonging to

Corporations,

sold to redeem

the Land Tax.

Corporations

may enlranchife

Lands hold*, n of

Manors, subject

to Lease or not,

without Appli.

cation to the

Court of Chan-

eery, but ac

cording to the

Directions of

39 Geo. 3.C. 21.

If such Manor

be under Lease,

the Commis-

iioners under

that Act may

lcttle all (juef-

t.oxii h:tween

Corporations

and Leiltcs.

All Per fens may

fell Henots,

An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts for the Redemption and Purchase

of the Land Tax,—[12th July 1799.]

4 TT WHEREAS it is expedient to make further Provision for facilitating the Redemption of the

4 VV Land Tax by Archbishops, Bishops, and other Ecclesiastical Persons, and by all Corporations,.

4 and to remove Doubts which have arisen respecting certain of the Provisions of the several Acts passed for

* the Redemption of the Land Tax :* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament gfiembled, and by the Authority of the same. That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick or

Corporate, and Companies, who, by the icveral Acts passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty and in the present Session of Parliament, for the Redemption and Purchase of Land Tax,

are enabled to fell any of their Manors, Meffiiages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the Pur-

pose of railing Money for the Redemption or Purchase of Land Tax, to sell and dispose of the Fee Simple

and Inheritance of any of their Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or of any Part

or Parts thereof, for the Purpose of raising Money for the Redemption or Purchase of Land Tax charged on

any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Com-

panies, or on any Part or Parts thereof, notwithstanding the Land Tax charged on the Manors or other

Hereditaments so proposed to be sold shall have been redeemed by the respective Lessees or Copyholders or

Customary Tenants thereof, or other Persons having Interests therein, so as such Sale or Sales respectively

be made by such Direction and Authority as is required by an Ac! passed in the present Session of Parliament,

intituled, An Act to arriend and render more effectual two Acts^ passed in the thirty-eighth Year of His present

Majesty's Reign and the present Session of Parliament, for the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax*

II. And be it enacted, That when any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments

of or belonging to any Bodies Politick, or Corporate, or Companies, which shall be sold for the Purposes of

this Act or of the other Acts before mentioned, shall be either exclusively or in common with other Manors,

Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments subject to or charged with any yearly Sum or Sums, Sti-

pend or Stipends, or other Profit or Emolument to or for the Use of any Rector, Vicar, Curate, or other

Person or Persons, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners appointed by virtue of the Act last before men-

tioned to direct how and in what Manner and Proportions, and out of what Part or Parts of the Manors*.

Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, originally liable thereto, such Sum or Sumsr Stipend or

Stipends, or other Profits or Emoluments as aforesaid, or any specifick Part or Parts thereof, shall respectively

be paid or borne in future; and in every such Cafe, and from thenceforth the Manors, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or such specifick Part or Parts thereof, by or out of which the fame

shall be so directed to be paid or borne, shall be exclusively subject thereto, and to such Powers and Remedies^

for the Recovery thereof, as the Law has provided for the Recovery of Rent reserved on Leases 3 any Thing

in the said last-mentioned Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That, for raising Money for the Purposes of this or of the Acts before

mentioned, it shall be lawful for all such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, to enfranchise any

Messuages,/Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which are or shall be holden by Copy of Court Roll or

other Customary Tenure of any Manor belonging to any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies,

whether such Manor be subject to any Lease or not,' and also to sell and dispose of any Heriots, Fee-Farm

Rents, Chief Rents, or Quit Rents, or other Emoluments or Advantages issuing or payable from or in respect.

of any Freehold, or Copyhold, or Customary Manors, Messuages, Lands, T enements, or hereditaments,

or incident thereto and accruing therefrom, without any Application to or Direction of the Court of Chan-

eery in regard thereto, any Thing in the said Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; such Sales and £n-

franchisements nevertheless to be made by and under such Direction and Authority as is required by the said*

Act, intituled, An All to render more effectual two Acts, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's

Reign and the present Session of Parliament, for the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax: Provided

also, 1 hat in case any such Manor shall be under Lease, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners appointed

under the Authority of the said last-mentioned Act to little and adjust all Questions that may arise between

any such Body Politick or Corporate and Company so felling or enfranchising as last mentioned, and his or

their Lessee or Lefties, or any Ccjluique Trust of such Lessee or Lessees, touching or concerning any such

Enfranchisement or Sale, and to order and dtreft a Recompence to be reserved out of the Purchase Money

to such Lessee or Lessees, and such Person or Persons (if any) as shall or may be interested or entitled as

Cffluique Tt ujls or otherwise under such Lessee or Lessees, for any Loss or Injury that may occur to him, her,

or them by any such Sale or Enfranchisement as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, in order to raile Money for the Purposes of the said Acts, it shall be

lawful for all and every Person or Persons, in the Manner and under the Regulations mentioned and contained

therein, respectively to sell and dispose of any Heriots, Services, Emoluments, or Advantages iliuing or

8 payable

by c.

