A.D. 1799.

280 C. 9*— it,. Anno 390 & 40* Georgii III,

v c A P. IX.

An Act to continue, until the twentieth Day of February one thousand eight hundred, several Laws re-

lating to the Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in his M ajeft v’s Forces 5

to the empowering his Majesty to accept the Services of such Parts of the Militia of this Kingdom as

may offer to serve in Ireland; to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in neutral Ships, and

the issuing of ()rders in Council for that Purpose ; to the authorizing his Majesty to make Regulations re-

specting the Trade to the Cape of Good Hope; to the establishing Courts of Judicature in the island of

Newfoundland \ to the enabling his Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into this Kingdom in neu-

tral Ships; and to continue, until the thirtieth Day of September one thousand eight hundred, an Act of

the last Session of Parliament, for enabling his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Im-

£ortation of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of othfcr Articles of Provision, without Payment of

)uty.—[ 12th Otlober 1799.]

44 \fThe following rffls continued till February 20, 1800: viz. $7 Geo* III. Gap. 70. (Seepofl. c. 16.)—

44 38 Geo. III. Cap. 66. as continued by 39 Geo. 111. Cap. 5. (bee pofl. c. 15.) — 35 Geo. 111. Cap. 15.

44 35 III. Cap. So. \6 Geo.\ll. Cap. 76. (See post. c. 17. % 2.)—37 Geo. Ill* Cap.zx. (See pop.

44 c. 17. § 3.) — 33 Geo. Ill, Cap. 76. (Seepofl. c. 17. § 1.)—39 Geo. III. Cap. lit. {Seepofl. c. 17 §4.)

44 —39 Gio.Hl. Cap. 87. recited, and continued till Sept. 30, 1800. § z.]”

• 39 Geo. 3.

€ 10S. § 18.

f [Extended to

2 March

ilSoi. pofi.

§ I> of c 30.

if this Sejiwi]

CAP. X.

An Act to extend the Period, limited by an Act of the last Session of Parliament*, for the Benefit of Pre-

ference to certain Bodies, Companies, and Persons, in contracting for the Redemption of Land Tax,

until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred f.—[12th October 1799.]

CAP. XI.

An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for^granting

certain Duties upon Income, as relates to the Appropriation of the said Duties and

of the Duties upon Goods imported and exported, granted by an Act of the thirty-

eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.—[12th OStobrr 1799.]

4 Y T WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon In-

c W come and other Purposes, and by another Act passed in the same Session of Parliament for granting

3gGeo. 3. c.13. c certain Powers to the Commercial Commissioners appointed under the said first mentioned Act. and for ex-

Ac 41. and / 4 plaining and amending the said Act, all the Monies arising from the additional Rates and AfleAments, or from

j3&Geo. 3.«. 16. « Payments at the Bank of England!, by an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present

* recited. « Majesty, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, together with the Duties

4 granted by another Act of the same Session, for granting hew and additional Duties on Goods

• imported and exported, and for other Purposes, and by the said before mentioned Act, for granting

4 certain Duties upon Income and other rurposes, which should be paid into the said Receipt of

4 the Exchequer, were directed to be issued and applied, from Time to Time, as the fame should be paid

4 into the said Receipt, to the several Services and Purposes in the said two first mentioned Acts particu-

4 larly mentioned and set forth : Andjvhereas'it is expedient that the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s

4 Treasury for the Time being should have the Power of carrying to the Account of or replacing to the

4 Consolidated Fund, all such Sums of Money as shall have been, or shall become payable, or shall have

4 been paid, dr shall hereafter become payable, out of or from the Consolidated F und, for or in consequence

4 of the Loan of eight Millions, in the said first-recited Act mentioned, or for or in consequence of the

4 Loan of eleven Millions, Part of a certain Loan of fifteen Millions five hundred thousand Pounds, raised

4 by an Act of the last Session of Parliament;* be it therefore enadteu by the King’s m oft Excellent Ma-

jesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

Appropriation present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That all the Monies arising from the said

of Monies Rates and AflHTments, or from Payments at the Bank of England, in pursuance of or under any of the said

arising undar recited Acts, that have been or shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, which shall remain after the

recited A3s. iflhing or reserving at the Receipt of Exchequer such Sums as shall be sufficient for the several Purposes

mentioned in the said recited Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for explaining and amending

the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties on Income, according to the

Provisions of the said two last mentioned Acts, as far as the said Provisions relate to the Services voted by

the Commons for the Service rif the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and to the Payment

and Discharge of all Annuities, Interest, and Dividends, payable in consequence of the said Loan of eight

Millions therein mentioned, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, from Tune to Time as the fame

shall arise and be paid into the Receipt of Exchequer, be issued and applied either to the Services voted

by. the Commons of Great Britain, for the-Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

nine, or shall be voted by the said Commons for the Service of any subsequent Year, not exceeding ten

Millions in any one Year; or for the Purpose of carrying to the Account of, or to replace to the Go il’oli-

dated Fund all such Monies as shall have been, or shall hereafter be, issued out of the said Conteiidated

Fund, or which shall at any Time hereafter be ifluable out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Payment and

- Difchatfe

