A.D. 1799.’ Anno tricesimo nono Georgii in. C. 106. 195

Bounty, which

may be disposed

of as herein

specified.

in such Proportions, as he shall request at the Time of his being so attested, and also to dire3 any further

Sum, not exceeding the Sum of one Guinea, to be paid thereout to the Officer producing such Person to be

•ttefted, to be laid out in providing immediate Necessaries for such Person foattefted ; and the Justice of the

Peace or Magistrate directing the Payment of any such Money, shall grant a Certificate thereof to the Of-

ficer producing such Person to be attested as aforesaid, and the Remainder of such Bounty Money shall be paid

to such Person as soon as he shall arrive at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion, or. Corps, into

which he shall have enlisted as aforesaid, or at Chatham Barracks, as the Cafe may be.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or

Corps of Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, herein-before mentioned, shall, upon receiving Di-

redions from his Majesty for that Purpose, explain to the Private Men of the Regiment, Battalion, or

Corps of Militia of which he shall for the Time being have the Command, in such Manner and at all such --

Times, within two Months from the passing of this Act, as his Majesty shall direct, the Terms upon which

any Private Man serving in the Militia may enlist into the Regular Forces under this Act, and if upon the

Terms of such enlisting being explained or made known to them as aforesaid, any such Private Militia Man

stall voluntarily declare an Intention to be enlisted into his Majesty’s Regular Forces, it shall be lawful for

such Colonel or Commanding Officer of Militia as aforesaid to discharge such Person from the Militia ; and

cfvery such Private Militia Man, so discharged as aforesaid, shall immediately thereupon belong, as a Private

Man, to the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, into which he shall declare his Intention to enlist, and shall

be immediately enlisted and attested for such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, in due Course of Law, and

shall (as soon as conveniently may be) be transferred to some Officer of such Regiment, Battalion, or

Corps, orfach Officer as his Majesty may have appointed to receive Men enlisted under this Act, and shall

have and be entitled to the Allowance of the Bounty of ten Guineas in the Manner herein mentioned, to-

gether with Subsistence, Pay, and Cloathing, to be paid and furnished in like Manner in every Respect,

and subject to and under the like Laws, Rules, and Regulations, as are provided and u(ed for the Rest of

his Majesty’s Regular Forces, except as such Laws, Rules, and Regulations, are with respect to such Men

altered by this Act; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person so discharged for the Purpose of

being enlisted as aforesaid, shall notwithstanding refuse to enlist pursuant to such Declaration so made by

him as aforesaid, that then and in every such Cafe such Person shall continue to belong to the Regi-

ment, Battalion, or Company of Militia from which he shall have been so discharged for the Purpose of

enlisting as aforesaid, notwithstanding any such Discharge.

belong to the Regiment from which discharged,

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where the Militia of any County, Riding, or Where the

Place, shall be complete, according to the Number of Privates in actual Service, as required by this A*3,

the Colonel or Commanding Officer as aforesaid shall not be at Liberty to discharge, or cause to be dif-

charged, in pursuance of this A3, more in Number of such Private Militia Men than one Fourth of such

Quota.

of the Quota shall be discharged; [three Fifths, fee Seff. a, e, x

XXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where the Militia of any County, Riding, or

Place, shall not be complete as aforesaid, the Colonel or Commanding Officer as aforesaid shall not be at

Liberty to discharge more than one fourth Part of the Number of Men actually serving for such County,

Riding, or Place, at the Time of passing this A3, until other Men, according to the Directions of this

A3, shall be raised and enrolled to serve for such County, Riding, or Place s Provided always, That every

such Colonel or Commanding Officer may, from Time to Time, as often as such other Men shall be raised

and enrolled in the Militia of such County, Riding, or Place, towards completing the Quota required by

this A3, discharge, in Manner and according to the Directions herein-beforegiven, such further Number

of Private Men who shall have been actually serving in such Militia at the Time of passing this A3, as

shall have desired, or shaft from Time to Time desire, to enlist as aforesaid, so as not to exceed the Pro-

portion of one Fourth of the Men then actually serving in such Militia; and every such Colonel or Com-

manding Officer may continue from Time to Time to discharge all such Men as aforesaid, until the Pro-

Portion of one Fourth of the Number of Men required as the Quota of Militia of such County, Riding, or

lace, shall have enlisted into his Majesty’s Regular Forces under this A3: Provided always, That if the

Number of Men required to be enlisted as aforesaid cannot be obtained from such of the Militia as shall have

been actually serving therein at the Time of passing of this A3, it shall be lawful for such Colonel or Com-

manding Officer, from Time to Time, to discharge in like Manner, out of the Men that shall have been

enrolled therein, after the passing of this A3, so many as shall be necessary to complete the Proportion

before mentioned. it may be completed out of those enrolled thereafter.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this A3 contained shall extend No Manshall

to allow of any Militia Man or Men enlisting or being enlisted under this Act, who shall be under the

Height of five Feet four Inches, or to allow any Militia Man or Men enlisting or bring enlisted under this

Ad, into any Regiment, Corps, or Troop of Cavalry of his Majesty’s Forces, or into his Majesty’s Ma-

rine Forces.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant, or three Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, of county Lieute*

every County, Riding, and Place aforesaid, shall, at the Expiration of two Calendar Months after the nanu shall

passing of this Act, transmit to his Majesty’s Privy Council an accurate Account in Writing, of the Nun*- tr&nfmit to the

L A M 1 IIa A 4 U A * /I* M 1 1 M L A M J A i A L« #A W J .<M% 4 k A |V /\ |1« 4. A A f 4L A. A MA f- ^ A fcl ■ * • a £ ^ A. A A 4< AA T3 . J. a A.A A M Privy Council

an Account of

the Number

Commanding

Officers of

Militia shall

to the

Men the Teuns

upon which

they may enlist

into the Regular

Forces, and if

aTiy declare

such an Inten-

tion, they nriy

be discharged,

and attested for

the Regiments

in which they

intend to enlist,

&c.

Person* dif.

charged for the

Purpose of

being so enlist-

ed, and reiufing

so to do, shall

Militia is contv

plete, as re- '

quired by this

Act, no more

than a Fourth*

§ 1. mi

and where not

complete, a :

Fourth of the

Number a&u-

ally serving

from Time to

Time, until the

Militia is com-

plete;

If the requisite

Number of Men

cannot bt ob-

tained from

those serving at

passing this Act,

be enlisted un-

der five Feet

four Indus, nor

into the Ca.'alry

or Marines.

ber ot Persons that shall have been discharged from the Militia of their relbcdive Counties, Ridings, and

C c * ¥ Places,

