XVI

The TITLES. See.

the Money produced by such Sale, or a competent Part

thereof, in Payment and Discharge of divers Debts,

Charges, and Incumbrances, aftedting the fame, and to

invert the Surplus of such Money, (if any such shall be)

in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments to be

.settled to the fame LJfes.

94. An Act for effecting an Exchange of Lands between the

Trusteesofthe Free Grammar School in lVatton under

Edge* in the County of GlouccJhry and Nicholas Owen

Smythe Owen Esquire.

9J. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Ara-

ble Lands, intermixed Fields, Meadows and Pastures,

Commons and Waste Grounds, within the respective

Manors of Pattingham and PatJhuU, in the County of

Stafford.

96. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-

mon, Fen Droves, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of

GoJberton% in the County of Lincoln.

97. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Parishes of

Yarkhill, Weston Beggardy Dormington, with the Chapelry

of Bartejlreey in the said Parish of Dormington and Stoke

EditK with the Chapelry of Wefthide\ in the said Parish

of Stoke Edith, all In the County of Hereford.

98. An Act for dividing,allotting, and inclosing, the several

Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being

within the Parish of Axbridgey in the County of Somerset.

99. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, wkhin

the several Manors or Townships of Braytony Thort>

JVillowby, Burtony and Gatcforth with Lund, in the Parish

of Brayton, in the Weft Riding of the County of York.

100. An Act to divide, allot, inclose, and improve, the

several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

and other Open and Uninclosed Lands, in the Parish of

Tuxford, in the County of Nottingham.

.101. An Act for dividing, allotting, and otherwise im-

proving, all the Common Fields, Commons, Wastes,

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the

Manor and Parish of Teddington9 otherwise Codington,

otherwise Tettingtony otherwise, Tuddingtony in the County

' of Middlesex.

toz. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Hyde Parker

Knight, with Ann Bottler, his now Wife, and to enable

him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

103. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Collins

Campbell Esquire, a Major in the Army, with Harriet

Frajery his now Wife, and to enable hiiVi to marry again;

and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

104. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Buller9 of

Calcutta, in the Province of Bengaly in the East Indies,

Esquire, with Eliza Catherine IViggens, his now Wife,

and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes

therein mentioned.

105. An Act for naturalizing John Lewis Reinaud.

106. An Act for naturalizing Philipp Fredrick Behrends.

107. An Act for naturalizing Francis Louis Count Byland.

108. An Act for enabling Trustees to convey, pursuant to

a Contract of Sale already entered into, an Estate at

Charleywoody in the Parish of Rickmerfwovthy in the

County of Hertsy late belonging to Sir David Lindsay

Baronet, deceased, devised, in strict Settlement, by a

Codicil to his Will; and for laying out the Money

arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be

settled to the same Uses,with Power of leafing the Estates

to be settled.

109. An Act^ for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the

Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com-

mon Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of

Kemt>sford and Dry field, in the County of Gloucc/hr.

no. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the

Commons or Waste Grounds within or belonging to the

Manor of King's Bromley, and also certain Open Mea-

dows or Lands within the Parish or M inor of King's

Bromley aforesaid, in the County of Stafford.

hi. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the feve-

ral Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the

Manor of Cumberworthy with Cumberworti) Half\ in the

Parishes of Silkstone and Kirkburtoriy in the Wtift Riding

of the County of York.

112. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the feve-

ral Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the

Manor of North Crofslandy in the Parish of Aimondbury, in

the Weft Riding of the County of York.

113. An Act for inclosing and leafing, or letting, certain

Common Moors and Waste Grounds lying within the /

Township o^Kirkbeaton,\x\ the Weft Riding of the County

of York, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors

Rate, Highway Rate, and Church Rate, within the said

Township; and for confirming and establishing the Di*

vision, Allotments, and Inclosure, of the Open and Un-

inclosed Fields, and also several Exchanges of Lands

within the said Township.

114. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the

several Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor

and Township of Dalton, in the Parish of Kirkheatony in

the Weft Riding of the County of York.

Lie. An Adf for dividing and allotting the Whole Year or

Every Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or

Shack Lands, Common Meadows, Heaths, Warrens,

Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the

Parish of Worlingtony in the County of Suffo k.

116. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

and Common Fields and other Commonable Lands,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and

Hamlet of Singleborough, in the Parish of Great Hor-

zuoody in the County of Buckingham.

117. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other

Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds,

lying in the Parnhes of Gruntchester and Cotof1, in the

County of Cambridge.

118. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons,

and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of

IVyrardijbury, otherwise IVraiJbury, in the County of

Buckingham.

119. An Act for naturalizing George Erck.

120. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and laying in

Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common

Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste

Grounds, within the Parish of Pampisford% in the County

of Cambridge.

