r3

A.D. 179B. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III'. C. 6.

roand an Alignment of such Land Tax from the preceding Incumbent, or his Representatives in case of his r.iving shall not

Death* or from such Patron or his Heirs or Representatives, as the Cafe may be, in the same Manner as a have bef?

Person in Remainder, Reversion, or Exppftancy, is by the said Act authorized to demand an Alignment of ^c^Redcmp-

any Land Tax on his or her Estate or Interest becoming vetted in Possession. tion, the next

succceding Incumbent may demand an Alignment of the Land-Tax, as a Reversioner coming into PoflelRon may do under § 18 of 38 Geo. 111. Cap. 6 r.

VI. And be it further enacted and declared. That for the Purpose of raising Money for the Redemption

of the Land Tax, by the Sale, Mortgage, or Grant of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or

Hereditaments, authorized to be sold or charged by the said Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, all and every the Provisions thereof, relating to such Sale, Mort-

gage, or Grant, shall be construed to extend to empower the Sale, Mortgage, or Grant, of so many, or such

Part or Parts of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as shall be sufficient for the

Purpose not only of redeeming such Land Tax, if any, as may be charged on the Manors, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, fold, mortgaged, or charged, but also of redeeming the Land Tax charged on

the Rest or any other Part or Parts of such their or his Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Heredi-

taments, whether the fame shall be respectively situate in the same or any other Place or Division of the fame

County, Riding, Shire, or Stewartry, or in any other County, Riding, Shire* or Stewartry, and whether the

same shall be charged or not charged with Land Tax, provided they respectively stand settled and limited to

the feme Uses, and in the fame Order and Course of Limitation; and that all and every the Certificates

which shall be granted in any Division of any County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, shall be as valid

and effectual in all Respects, in every other Division of the same County, Riding, Shire, or Stewartry, and

also in every other County, Riding, Shire, or Stewartry, in Great Britain, for the Purpose of ascertaining the

Amount of Land Tax charged on the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, com-

prized in such Certificates, and for authorizing and enabling the Completion of the Coi>tract to be made

thereon, by Sale, Mortgage, or Grant of other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

wheresoever situate, in Great Britain, as they might be under the said Act, within the County, Riding,

Shire, Stewartry, or Division, where such Certificates shall be granted.

VII. And be it further enacted. That when any Body Politick or Corporate, or other Person or Persons,

who shall redeem any Land Tax charged in any County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, shall be de-

firous to pay the Consideration for the fame in lawful Money of Great Britain, in lieu of transferring Stock

in Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, in the Manner by the said Act directed, it shall be lawful for

him, her, or them so to do, provided the Land Tax so to be redeemed or purchased in such County, Riding,

Shire, Stewartry, or Place, shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds per Annum; and in every such

Cafe the Contraft shall be in the Form and to tho-Effect expressed in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and

the Consideration for such Redemption shall be so much of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid into

the Hands of the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding, or Place, in England, or his

Deputy, or Collector for the Shire* Stewartry, or Place^ in Scotland, where the Manors, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, of which the said Land 'I ax shall be so redeemed, shall be situate, as, accord-

ing to the Current Price of Stock transmitted to such Receiver General or Collector, at such of the respective

Periods herein-after mentioned * as the Party shall elect, shall be sufficient to purchase so much Capital Stock

of Publick Annuities, in this Act mentioned f, as will yield an Annuity or Dividend exceeding the Amount

of the Land Tax so to be redeemed as aforesaid by One-tenth Part thereof; and such Receiver General or

Collector, or their respective Deputies, shall, and they are hereby respectively authorized and required, upon

the Production of the Certificate of the Amount of the Land Tax to be redeemed, and of the Contraft en-

tered into thereupon, as herein is directed, to accept and receive such Sum or Sums of Money which shall

have been contracted to be paid as the Consideration for such Redemption, and shall give a Certificate or Re-

ceipt, acknowledging such Payment, which shall be indorsed on such Contraft; and such Certificate or Re-

ceipt shall be as valid and effectual in all Respects, after the Registry thereof, (which Registry is hereby di-

rested and allowed to be made,) as the Certificate or Receipt of the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank is by the

said Act directed to be, in case the Consideration was to.be transferred in Three Pounds per Centum Bank

Annuities.

V III. And be it further enacted. That the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank

of England shall, and they are hereby required, on Tuesday in every Week, the fame not being a Holiday, or

being a Holiday, then on the Day preceding, not being a Holiday, to cause an Account of the Average Price

at which the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities shall have been fold on such Day, (or otherwise

on the following Open Day on which such Stock shall be fold, in case any Stock shall have been fold, and the

Books for such Sale shall be opened at the Bank of England on such Day,) and shall cause the fame to be

transmitted to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, who shall thereupon cause the feme to be published

in the London Gazette, and also transmitted to the respective Receivers General in the several Counties, Rid-

ings, or Places in England, and to the Receiver General in Scotland, to be by him transmitted to

the respective Collectors in the several Shires, Stewartries, and Places in Scotland, or their respective Depu-

ties ; which Account, (b publifted and transmitted, shall be sufficient Authority to such Receivers General,

or their Deputies, and to such Collectors, to settle and adjust the Sums which ought to be paid as the Con-

sideration for the Redemption of such Land Tax on all Payments made after the Receipt of such Account,

and before the Receipt of any subsequent Account, if the said Books at the Bank of England shall then remain

open for such Sales.

IX. And

Lands may be

fold or mort-

gaged to redeem

the Land Tax on

the whole Estate

of the Seller,

&c. whether

situate in the

feme County,

See. or not, if

limited to the

fame Uses; and

all Certificate*

granted in one

County, Sec.

shall be valid ia

all others.

Any Person,

Sec. may re-

deem his Land

Tax (not ex-

ceeding 25L per

Ann.) for aCoa-

sideration in

Money to be

paid the Re-

ceiver General,

and proportion-

ed to the cur-

rent Price of 3I.

perCent. Annui-

ties; the Con-

trad to be in the

form directed

in the Schedule.

The Receiver

General's Cer-

tificate or Re-

ceipt to be in-

dorfed on the

Contraft.

• See § 8, 9.

t§«.

The Bank to

transmit the

Price of Confols

every Tuesday

to the Tax Of-

fice, who shall

publish die fame

in the Gazette,

and transmit it

to the Receivers

General, who

shall adjust the

Consideration in

Money for the

Redemption of

the Land Tax

accordingly.

[•Srrc.21' $ 27. J

\

