viii The TITLES of

ttinder of Treason, after the Death of the Pretender and

his Sons. Page 183

94. An Act to ascertain the Salary of the Matter and

Worker of His Majesty’s Mint. Ibid.

95. An Act to permit Goods, the Produce of any Foreign

Colony in America, imported directly from thence in any

Ship or Y'efTel belonging to the Subjects of any Country

or Place jn Amity with His Majesty, to be entered and

landed without Payment of the Duty granted by an Act

of the last Session of Parliament for the better Protection

of the Trade of this Kingdom. 184

96. An Act to enable Matthew Boulton, Engineer, to ex

port the Machinery necessary for erecting a Mint in the

Dominions of His Imperial Majesty, the Emperor of all

the Rujfias* 185

97. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloath-

ing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called

England, for one Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of

March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine. Ibid.

98. An Act to allow the Importation of Spanish Wool in

Ships belonging to Countries in Amity with His Majesty.

Ibid.

99. An Act to encourage the Trade into the Levant Seas,

by providing a more convenient Mode of performing

Quarantine, and for reducing the Duty granted by an

Act of the last Session, on Goods the Manufacture of

Great Britain, exported to any Place within the Streights

of Gibraltar. 186

100. An Act to revive and continue, until the End of the

next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the thirty-

fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to con-

tinue and amend an Act, made it* the twenty-sixth Year

of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Atl for

the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries;

and to amend an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of

the Reign of His present Majesty, for extending the Fish»

eries.and improving the Sea Coast of this Kingdom. 187

tot. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the fur-

ther Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries car-

ried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis9s Streights, until

the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand eight hun-

dred, and to the discontinuing the Duties payable on the

Importation of Tallow, Hog’s Lard, and Grease, until

the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hun-

dred and fix. 188

10i.. An Act to revive and continue, until the first Day of

January one thousand eight hundred and one, the Bounties

granted by an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Fish-

eries carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent,from

Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in

Europe. Ibid.

*03. An Act for making Allowances in certain Cafes to

Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace. 189

104. An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-ninth

Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled,

An Act to enable His Majesty to gram Commifiovs to a cer-

tain Number of Foreign Protestants, who have served

Abroad as Officers or Engineers, to atl and rank as Officers

or Engineers in America only, under certain Rijhiclions

and Qualifications. 189

105. An Act to continue and amend so much of an Act

made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His pre-

sent Majesty, as permits Sir William Bishop, George

Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to carry on the Manufacture of

Maidstone Geneva. Ibid.

106. An Act for the Reduction of the Militia Forces, at the

Time and in the Manner therein limited; for enabling

the STATUTES,

His Majesty more effectually to increase His Regular

Forces, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War; and

for amending the Laws relating to the Militia* Page 189

107. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp

Duties on Bills of Exchange^ and Promissory Notes for

small Sums of Money. 198

108. An Act to amend and render more effectual several

Acts for the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax.

204

109. An Act for better recruiting the Forces of the East

India Company. 308

no. An Act for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the

Judges of the Courts in Wtfiminffer Hall, and also of the

Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Julticiary, and

Barons of Exchequer, in Scotland; and for enabling His

Majesty to grant Annuities to Persons in certain Offices

in said Courts of Westminster Hall, on their Religna-

tlOClof their respective Offices. 212

tn. An Act to permit, until the first Day of Auguff one

thousand eight hundred and two, the Importation of cer-

tain Naval Stores from Hamburgh, and other Ports of

Germany. ' 215

112. An Act to enable His Majesty, by Order in Council,

to permit, until six Weeks after the Commencement of

the next Session of Parliament, such Goods as shall be

specified in such Order to be imported into this King-

dom, in Neutral Ships. 216

113. An Act to enable such Persons as His Majesty may be

pleased to appoint to the Office of Chief Just tee, or of one

of the Tuftices of either Bench, or'Of Chief Baron, or one

of the Barons of the Exchequer, to take upon themselves

the Degree of a Serjeant at Law in Vacation. Ibid.

1 lx. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of

Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for applying cer-

tain Sums of Money therein mentioned, for the Service of

the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine ;

and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this

Session of Parliament. Ibid.

PUBLIC LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

Anno Regni 39 GtffgfV III-

i* AN Act to enable Thomas Coutts Esquire, Banker* to

make a Communication between his Buildings on the

opposite Sides of lVilliam-Streets in the Parish of Saint

Martin in the Fields, within the City and Liberty of

Westminster, by a covered Passage to be built over the said

Street. Page 2,1%

ii. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act,

passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, for rebuilding the Pier of Margate in the

Isle cfTbanet in the County of Kent; and for other Pur-

poses mentioned in the said Act. Ibid.

iii. An Act for making and maintaining the Road from or

near White burn in the County of Berwick, to the Town

of Kelso in the County of Roxburgh, to continue for

twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the

then next Session of Parliament. Ibid.

iv. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the

Poor of the Parish of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bride,

Fleet-Street, in the City of London. Ibid.

v. An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more

effectual, several Acts, paUtd in the ninth, fifteenth,

twenty-sixth, and thirty-fourth Years of the Feign of His

present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navi-

gable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the

City of Oxford. Ibta.

