A. D. 1799. Anno tricesimonono Georgii III. C. lxxiii.

w No Toll shall be taken for Troops, or Military Horses, Waggons, Stores, &c. But for such Exemption

44 from Toll 10 20/, shall be paid by the Treasury to the Proprietors yearly# by four Quarterly Payments.

cc If the 1000/. is not paid to the Proprietors they may take Tolls. § 44. Proprietors to furnish Boats for

44 Government whenever the Tunnel is repairing. $ 45. Tolls may be reduced at a General Meeting,

44 and again raised, to the former Rates. § 46.”

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Pro-

prietors, to erect or cause to be erected such and so many Lamps tobe affixed within the said Tunnel for the

lighting thereof, as the said Company of Proprietbrs(hall think proper and convenient; and if any Person

or Persons shall wilfully takeaway, break, throw down, or damage any Lamp that shall be set up for the

Purpose of lighting the said Tunnel, or any Part thereof, or wilfully extinguifla the Light or Lights within

the fame, or throw down or damage the Irons or other Furniture thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and

for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, upon

Complaint to him or them made, to grant a Warrant to bring before him or them such Offender or Offend-

ers, at the Time and Place as in such Wairant shall be specified ; or to and for any Person or Persons what-

soever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize, as also for any other Person or Per Tons, to assist in

seizing, the Offender or Offenders, and by Authority of this Act to convey and deliver him, her, or them

into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before such Justice or Justices

of the Peace, and such Justice or Justices shall examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall ap-

pear or be produced to give Information or Evidence touching such Offence, (which Oath the said Justice or

Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to administer,) and if the Party or Parties accused shall be

conviSed of any such Offence, either by his, her, or their Confellion, or upon such Information or Evidence

as aforesaid, he, (he, or they so convicted shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings for

ead\ Lamp or Lamp Iron so broken, thrown down, and damaged, or for every Light so extinguished as afore-

said, and moreover shall make full Satisfaction to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Person or Per-

fons as they shall appoint to receive the'fame, for the Damage so by him, her, or them done as aforesaid ;

and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not on Conviction pay such Forfeiture, and make such Satisfaction

as aforesaid, such Justice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them to the Common Gaol or House

of Correction for the County or Place where the Offence (ha’l be committed, there to be kept to Hard La-

bour for any Space of Time not exceeding one Calendar Month, nor less than fourteen Days, and such

Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, (he, or they

shall be so committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

44 Persons accidentally damaging Lamps, to make Satisfaction. On Non-payment such SaliP*

44 faCtion may be levied. § 48.” ,

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons whosoever shall have free Liberty tojpafs through the

said Tunnel, and to lead or drive through the fame any Horse, Cattle, or other Bead and Carriage, Geese

and Turkies, upon Payment of such Tolls as shall be demanded by the said Company of Proprietors, not

exceeding the respective Sums herein mentioned, and subject to the Rules and Regulations which shall be from

Time to Time made by the said Company of Proprietors, by virtue of the Powers herein granted ; pro-

vided that no Person or Persons shall, with or without any Horse, Cattle, or other Beast or Carriage, Geese

or Turkies, without the Consent of the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee, pass through the

said Tunnel at any other Times than between the Hours of Seven in the Morning and Five in the Evening,

during the Months of November, December, January, and February, between the Hours of Five in the

Morning and Eight in the Evening, during the Months of March, April, September, and October, and be-

tween the Hours of Four in the Morning and Nine in the Evening, during the Months of May, June, July%

and August, in every Year; and the said Company of Proprietors shall, and they are hereby required to keep

the said Tunnel well and sufficiently lighted up for and during the Hours required in the said Months as afore-

said, (save and except for and during such Time or Times as the said Tunnel, or any Part thereof or any of

the Works thereunto belonging shall be repairing, or the Passage through the fame shall be by any Accident

impeded or prevented,) and in Default thereof the said Company of Proprietors shall forfeit and pay for every

Offence the Sum of twenty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered,

with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Efloin,

Protection, Wager of Law, or any more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

44 Satisfaction to the King for his Ferry 80 L per Ann. to be paid by the Company. § 50. Satisfaction to

44 the Corporation of Gravesend for their Ferry, 301, per Ann. or a Compensation in Money to be awarded

44 by a Jury, and inverted for the Benefit of the Corporation. § 51. Ferries verted in the Company. § 52.

44 Company to use the Ferries when the Tunnel is repairing. § 53. Penalty on damaging the Works,

44 Felony punishable as Petit Larceny. § 54. Offences committed in the Tunnel may be tried either in

44 Kent or Essex. § 55. Tunnel shall be rated as the Ferries were in 1798. § 56. Tunnel not to be under

44 the Controul of Commissioners of Sewers. § 57. Act not to prejudice the Rights of the City of London,

44 or of the Lord Mayor as Conservator of the River. § 58. Subfpribers compelled to pay their Sub-

44 scriptionS. § 59. Fines and Forfeitures may be levied byDiftrefsand Sale, or the Offender committed

44 to Gaol not exceeding six Months. § 60. Persons aggrieved by Irregularity in Distrcfs to recover only

44 the Special Damages. $ 6c. Form of ConviCfion. § 62. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter

44 Sessions.—Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form, nor removed by Certiorari. § 63. Ximi-

44 tationof ACtions, six Months.—General Blue.—Treble Costs. $ 64. Publick ACT § 65.”

L 1 % Cap. Ixxzv,

2S9

Lamps to be

affixed against

Walls, &c.

Penalty on

wilfully damag-

ing Lamps, to.

On Non pay-

ment Offender 1

to be committed

from 14 Day*

to one Month*

Passage tobe

free on Payment

of Tolls, and

under certain

Restrictions,

