316 C. 41.

Anno 39* & 4b0 Georgii III.‘ A.D. 1800,

III. Provided also, Thai where the Whole of any such Honours, Castles, Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tythes,

Tenements, or other Hereditaments, accustomably demised by one Lease,- shall be demised in Parts by fc-

veral Leases, after the patting of this Act, the aggregate Amount of the several Rents which {hallbe reserved

by such separate Leases, be not lei's than the old accustomed Rent or Rents theretofore reserved by such entire

Lease; and that where a Part only shall be so demised by any such separate Lease, and the Residue shall be

retained in the Possession of the Lessor or Lessors, the Rent or Rents to be reserved by such separate Lease or

Leases, shall not be less in Proportion to the Fine or Fines to be received on granting such Lease or Leases*

than the Rent or Rents accustomed to be reserved for the Whole of the said Premises, was in Proportion

to the Fine received on granting the last entire Lease.

Where the

Whole of such

Premises flinll

in future

he demised in

Parts, the ag-

grcgateRcnts re-

fer ved shall not

he less than the

old accustomed

Rent, and so in

Proportion where a Part shall be retained in Pofllflion by the Lessor.

No greater Pro. IV. Provided also, That no greater Proportion of the accustomed Rent be reserved by any separate Lease

accustomed ^ere^Y confirmed or allowed to be granted, than the Part of the Premises thereby severally demised will rea-

Rent shall he fonably bear and afford a competent Security for.

Rftrvcd by any separate Lease than the Part of the Premises demised will bear.

Where any fpc-

eifick Thing

Pull have been

roferved by the

Lessor, it may

he charged on a

ompetent Part

of the Premises,

ice.

No 7-case con.

firmed whereon

no annual Rent

V. Provided also, That where any specifick Thing, incapable of Division or Apportionment shall have been

reserved or made payable to the Lessor or Lefl'ors, his or their Heirs or Successors, either by Way of

Rent, or by any Covenant or Agreement contained in any such entire Lease, the fame may be wholly re-

served and made payable out of a competent Part of such Lands or Tenements demised by any such feve-

red Lease as aforesaid; and in case, in any Lease already granted, and intended hereby to be confirmed, any

such Provision shall appear to have been made for^the Payment and Delivery of any such Sum or Sums of

Money, Stipends, Augmentations, or other Things as aforesaid, the fame shall be deemed and taken to have

been lawfully made, in case the Lands and Tenements charged therewith shall be of a greater annual Value

than the Payment or other Things so charged, exclusive of die Rent or other annual Payment reserved to

the Lessor or Leflors.

VI. Provided further, that nothing herein contained shall extend to authorize or confirm any Lease where-

on no annual Rent is or shall be reserved to the Lessor or Lessors, his or their Successors or Assigns.

lo the Lessor is reserved.

Not to autho-

rize the Reftry-

ation of any

Rent on any

such Lease

made by any

Master. Scc. of

any College in

the Universities,

ice. in any other

Manner than is

Where Pay-

ments have

been reserved to

Vicars, Sec.

Other than the

Lessors, Provi-

fion shall be

Blade in Leases

for the future

Payment there-

of out of Pre-

mises of three

Times the an-

nual Value, ex-

dufive of the Rent.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this A&, or any Thing herein contained, shall not

authorize the Reservation or Payment of any Rent or Rents upon any such several Lease made or to be

made under Authority of this Act, by any Master, Provost, President, Warden, Dean, Governor, Rector,1

or Chief Ruler of any College, Cathedral Church, Hall or House of Learning, in the Universities of Ox-

ford and Cambridge, or by the Warden or other Head Officer of the Colleges of Winchester and Etony inf

any other Manner or Proportions than is required by an Act passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of

her said late Majesty Queen Elizabeth y intituled, An Aci for the Maintenance of the Collegts in the Univerfitus,

and a/YVinchester and Eton.

required by 18 Eliz. c. 6.

VIII. Provided also, That where any such accustomably entire Leases as aforesaid shall have usually

contained Covenants on the Part of the Lessee or Leifees for the Payment or Delivery, or shall have in any

other Manner subjedted or charged such Leilec or Lessees to or with the Payment or Delivery, of any Suoi

or Sums of Money, Stipend, Augmentation, or other Thing, to or for the Use of any Vicar, Curate,

Schoolmaster, or other Person or Persons, other than and besides the Lessor or Lessors, and his or their Heirs

or Successors, all or any such Leases as shall hereafter be granted of the fame Lands or Tenements in Se-

veralty as aforesaid, shall and may lawfully provide for the future Payment and Delivery of fuen bum or

Sums of Money, Stipends, Augmentations, or other Things, by and out of any Par for Parts of the Lands

or Tenements accustomably charged therewith, not being of less annual Value than three Times tire

Amount of the Payment so to be charged thereon, exclusive of the Proportion of Rent or other annual Pay-

ments to be reserved to the Lessor or Leflors.

Not to confirm

^ the Claim of

any Vicar, &c.

to fuel* Pay--

ment, where it

depends only on

IX. Provided always. That nothing in this Act shall extend to establish or confirm the Claim of any

Vicar, Curate, Schoolmaster, or other Person or Persons, to any such Sum or Sums, Salary, Stipend,

or other Thing as aforesaid, the Payment and Continuance whereof shall depend only on the Will of the

Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, granting or renewing such Lease or Leaks

respectively.

the Will of the Person granting or renewing the Lease.

Persons hold-

ing such Leases

in Tiuft, or

granting Under

Leases of speci-

sick Parts under

Covenants of

Renewal, may

ftirrender than,

that separate

Lea lei may be

X. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons now bolding, or who shall hereafter hold,

any such Lease or Leases as in this Act mentioned, shall or may hold the fame, or any specifick Part of

the Lands or Tenements thereby demised, in Trust for any other Person or Persons, or for any Body or Bo-

dies Politick or Corporate, or Avail have granted any Under Lease or Under Leases of any specifick Part or

Parts of his, her, or their respective Holding?, and be under any Covenant or Engagement lor Renewal

thereof, to any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, when and as often as his,

her, or their own Lease or Leases shall be renewed, it shall and may be lawful for such Person or

Persons as first mentioned, at any Time or Times after the passing of this Act, to surrender his, her, or th.ir

Lease or Leases, in order that separate and diitinct Leases may be granted by the original Lessor or Lessors

6 ef

