A, D. 1800. Anno 39 0 6c40* Georgm HI, C, 107,1

478

c a p. evil.

An Act to permit, until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of

Parliament, the Importation of Swedish Herrings into Great Britain•

[29th July 1800.3

* TWHEREAS it is expedient under the present Circumstances to permit, for a limited Time, the Im-

* VV portation of Swedish Herrings into Great Britain in British Shrps, or in Ships belonging to Per-

4 Tons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any Manner whatever, with-

* out Payment of Duty be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-

sembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the first Day of May one thousand eight

hundred, and until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, it shall and may

be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatever, to import into Great Britain from any Port or Place

^\n Sweden in any British Ship or Veflsl, or in arry other Ship or Vellel belonging to Persons of any King-

dom or State in Amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any Manner whatever, any Herrings caught and

cured on any of the Coasts of Sweden, without the Payment of any Duty whatever; any Thing in any Act

or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwith (landing.

From May r,

1800, until fix

Weeks after the

Commence-

ment of the

next Session,

Herrings caught

on the Coarts of

, Sweden maybe

imported without Payment of Duty,

' IT. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a due Entry shall be made of all such Herrings that

shall be imported by virtue of this Act, with the proper .Officers of the Customs at the Port into which the

fame shall be imported, and in Default thereof the fame shall, be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by

any Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s Customs. ‘

Such Herrings

shall be duly

entered at the

Port of Import-

ation, on For-

feiture thereof*

III. Provided always, That it shall not be lawful to export Swedish Herrings to any of his Majesty’s Co-

ionics in the West Indies.

Swedish Her-

rings not to be

exported to the

British West Indies*

CAP. CVIII*

An Act for indemnifying the Governor of Surinam, or the Perlcrn aftitig as such, for hav-

ing permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign

Bottoms 5 and for making void all Seizures of Ships, Vessels, or Goods, for any Thing

done in pursuance of such Per mi (lion* [29th July 1800.3

* IX WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the wCar.i. c. 18.

4 W Second, intituled. An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, and by

4 other Acts of Parliament now in force, no Goods or Commodities whatsoever can be imported into or

* exported out of any Lands, ((lands, Plantations, or Territories to his Majesty belonging, or in his

4 Possession, or which may hereafter belong unto, or be in the Possession of his Majesty, his Heirs and

* Successors, in Asia* Africa, or America, in any other Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels whatsoever, but in

4 such Ships or Vessels as do truly, and without Fraud, belong only to the People of Great Britain,

4 or of any of the Territories thereof, in the Manner, and under the Penalties, and subject to the

4 Exceptions and’Regulations in the said Acts respectively contained : And whereas the Settlement

* of Surinam and its Dependencies, on the Continent of South America^ hath been surrendered to his

* Majesty’s Arms, and is now in his Majesty's Possession, and at th£ Time of such Surrender such Settle-

4 ment was in great Want of various Necessaries, and great Quantities of the Produce remained in the said

4 Settlement, by Reason of the Interruption of the Commerce to and from the same ptevious to such Sur-

4 render, and under such Circumstances his Majesty’s Governor, or the Person acting as such, thought fit

4 to permit the Importation into the said Settlement of certain Articles of Provisions, Lumber, and other

4 Stores for the Supply of the said Settlement, in Neutral and Foreign Bottoms, and also to permit the Ex-

4 portation of certain Articles, the Produce of the said Settlement, in Neutral and Foreign Bottoms, un-

4 der certain Regulations and Redactions : And whereas under such Permission, some Ships cleared at the

4 said Colony with Cargoes for this Country, but were detained by Ships in the Service 6f his Majesty, al-

4 though they had received failing Instructions in order to proceed to Great Britain, under the Convoy

4 about to proceed from the Leeward Islands : And whereas such Importation and Exportation as aforesaid

4 were rendered necessary by the peculiar Situation of the said Settlement, and having been permitted from

4 the Necessity of the Occasion, the Parties who were interested in the lame should be protected against

4 Loss ; and all Persons issuing, advising, or acting under or in Obedience to any Order or Permission of the

* said Governor, or of any Person acting as Governor of the said Settlement, and all Persons concerned

* in any Importation or Exportation as aforesaid, shall be respectively justified and indemnified therein, und

4 released from all Penalties and Forfeitures in respect thereofBe it therefore enacted, &c.

u Seizures made subsequent to Feb. 26, 1800, of Vessels navigated by Order of the Governor of Surinam,

44 and of Goods imported or exported under the Regulations therein contained, shall be void ; and all

44 Actions brought against Persons for having issued or advised such Order* shall be discharged.—General

39 & 40 Geo. IIL 3. P “ Ifliia

