A.D.I7.9& Anno trictfimo nono Georgii III.

C. 6.

21

Joint Tenants,

ice maycontraft

for the Whole.

Such Purchase

Money to be ap-

plied, and such

Estates to be ex-

mav contract for the Whole, with the like Preference, on the Refusal of the other Joint Tenant or Tenants

in Common tp contract for their respective Shares.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the respective Sums of Money to arise by virtue of any such last-

mencioned Sale or Sales, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of, and the respective Manors, Mefliiages, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, the Land Tax whereof shall have been reduced therewith, or with the Stock

purchased thereby, shall be exonerated and discharged from such Land Tax in the same Manner in all Respects

as is directed in Cafes of other Sales by the said Act and this Act respectively authorized. onerated a* in cafeof other Sales.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where the Land Tax charged upon such Manors, Mef- ' Where Land

fuages. Lands, Tenements, Tithes, or Hereditaments as aforesaid, holden under any such beneficial Lease

or Leales as aforesaid, or by Copy of Court Roll, shall be redeemed by the Monies arising by any such Sale

or Sales as kft mentioned, then and in any such Cafe such of the fame Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tene-

ments, or Hereditaments as shall not have been fold, shall, immediately after such Land Tax shall be re-

deemed, be and become charged and chargeable with a yearly Sum or Sums respectively, by way of Rent

Charge, equal to the Amount of the Land Tax so redeemed; which Rent Charge or Rent Charges respec-

tively shall from Time to Time be paid and payable Half-yearly, videlicet, at Lady-Day and Michaelmas in

every Year, by equal Portions, free of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, to such Person or Persons,

Bodies, Corporations, Companies, and Trustees, and to their Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, and shall be

applicable in their Hands to such and the fameUfes and Purposes as the reserved Yearly Rents and Profits

of such Manors, Mefliiages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall from Time to Time be applicable

to; and the first Payment of such Rent Charges respectively shall be made on such of those Days as the

Land Tax redee red would become payable; and also that such Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations,

Companies, and Trustees as aforesaid, and their respective Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, shall have and be

entitled to use and take the fame Powers, Remedies, Benefits, and Advantages, for the Recovery of such Rent

Charges respectively, as Landlords by Law have or are entitled to use and take for the Recovery of Rents

in Arrear.

XLIL And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations,

or Companies, being beneficially entitled to any Copyhold or Customary Mefliiages, Lands, Tenements, or

Hereditaments, by Surrender, or by such other Ways and Means as shall be authorized by the respective

Customs of the Manors whereof the fame shall be holden, and with the Consent of the fa»d Commissioners

for the Purposes of this Act, to be certified in Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, or any two

of them, to fell, mortgage, or charge any such Copyhold or Customary Mefliiages, Lands, Tenements, or

Hereditaments, for the Purpose of redeeming the Land Tax charged thereon, or on any other Copyhold

Hereditaments settled to the same Uses, and the Monies to arise and be produced by such Sale, Mortgage,

or Charge, shall be applied in the same Manner in all Respects as in the said Act is directed with respect to

Monies arising from the Sale of Freehold Estates.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such Sale or Charge of any Copyhold Estates by

Surrender or otherwise, shall be valid, unless the Certificate of the Consent of the said Commissioners for the

Purposes of this Act thereto shall be entered upon the Court Rolls of the Manor of which such Copyhold or

Customary Estates shall be holden* font of the Commissioners under this Act is entered on the Court Rolls.

Tax charged on

Lands held un-

der such benefit

cial LeafeslhiU

be redeemed by

Sale, such of

the Lands as are

not fold shall be ,

chargeable with

the Amount of

the Land Tax,

as a Rent-

Charge, payable

Half-yearly,

and recoverable

as Rent.

Copyholds may

be furreodcred.

Sec. for the Pur-

pose of Re-

demption of

Land Tax, and

the Produce ap-

plied as in the

Cafe of the Sale

of Freeliold

Estates.

[See c. ai« § I.]

No such Sale,

&c. to be valid,

unless the Con*

[$«c.ai. § i.]

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Company or Companies of Cjmal cempa-

Proprietorsof Canals or other Navigations, or other Works of publick Utility, established or fandioned by nies, &c. may

the Authority of Parliament, to raise such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be necessary for the Redemption

of the Land Tax charged on such Canals or Navigations, or other such Works ot publick Utility, or on any

Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging thereto, or any Tolls arising thereout, either

by Calls upon the respective Proprietors, or by Mortgage, or by all and every or any of the Ways and

Means whereby they were, are, or shall be authorized or empowered by any Act or Acts tiow in being, or

that shall hereafter be passed, to raise Money for any of the Purposes in such Acts respectively mentioned or to

be mentioned; and also for the respective Proprietor or Proprietors to redeem his, her, or their Share or

Proportion in the fame, or the Shares or Proportions of other Proprietors, in like Manner as Joint Tenants

are hereby authorized to redeem the Land Tax charged on other Hereditaments^

be entiti d to the Privileges ef Jomt Tenants under this Act.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That where the Monies to be raised by the Sale or Charge of any Where the Mo

Manors, Mefliiages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purpose of redeeming any Land Tax,

shall not exceed the Sum of one thousand Pounds, then and in every such Cafe the Indenture or Indentures

whereby such Sale or Charge shall be made, in which a greater Consideration shall not be expressed, and the

Inrolments thereof, shall not be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever 5 and also that no Transfer of any Stock

in the Funds, which shall be made by virtue and in pursuance of the said Act* for the Redemption and Sale

of the Land Tax, to and in the Name of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, nor any

Letter of Attorney authorizing any Person or Persons to transfer any such Stock in the Funds to the Com-

missioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, nor any Affidavit to be made in pursuance of the said

Ad, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever; and all Affidavits made in pursuance thereof, before the

gaffing of this Act, shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purpotes whatsoever, although the fame

shall not be damped, as if the fame had been made after the passing of this Act; and the said Commissioners

for the Purposes of this Act shall be, and they are hereby indemnified against all Persons whomsoever* for

having received, before the passing of this Act, any Affidavit or Affidavits which shall have been made in

pursuance of the said last-mentioned Act, and which shall not have been ftataped*

XL VI.

redeem their j

Land Tax by

Calls on the

Proprietors, or

by Mortgage or

any other Means

of raifineMoney

authorized by

the respectue

Acts: Such

Proprietor* to

ney to be raised

by Sale, Scc. for

the Redemption

of rbe Land Tax

shall not exceed

icool. the Con-

veyances, In-

rolmcrm,

Transfers of

Stock, Letters

of Attorney,

Affidavits, &c.

lobe free from

Stamp Duties.

[&«<.»*. ji,.]

