A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III.

C. ing. 2n;

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Men, so to be enliRed into, or transferred over to

ihe Service of the said United Company, shall be deposited and kept at any of his Majesty’s Garrisons or

Barracks, all such Recruits and Soldiers, and the Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers having the

Command of, or being employed in the training, exercising, and arraying such Recruits or Soldiers, shall at all

Times be subject to the Command and Orders of the Commandant of such Garrison or Barracks, or in his

Absence to the Senior Officer in his Majesty’s Service, or the Officer for the Time being commanding in

such Garrison or Barracks; and that the Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers, to be.appointed by

the said United Company to the Command of, or for the training, exercising, or arraying such Recruits as

Jtforcfeid, shall at all Times partake in and perform the Duties of any of his Majesty's Garrisons or Barracks

in which they may be Rationed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders which shall be given by the said United Company,

or their Court of Directors, to their Officers so Rationed at any of his Majesty’s Garrisons or Bar-

racks, shall be given and passed through the Commandant or Senior Officer commanding at such Garrisons

or Barracks.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be enliRed and engaged by the said United

Company, under the Authority of the said Act of the twenty-firR Year of his Majesty’s Reign, or who shall,

be transferred over to the Service of the said United Company as herein mentioned, shall afterwards desert,

or be found wandering, or otherwise illegally absenting himself from the Service of the said United Com-

pany, it shall and may be lawful for any Constable, lieadborough, or Tythingman of the Town or Place

where any such Person who may be reasonably suspected to be a Deserter shall be found, to apprehend or

cause him to be apprehended in the same Manner as if he were a Deserter from his Majesty’s Service ; and

every ConRable, Headborough, Tythingman, JuRice of the Peace, or MagiRrate, shall have the fame

Power and Authority, and proceed in the same Manner as he or they would have had, or as he or they would

have proceeded in, it the Person had been a Deserter from his Majesty’s Service; and every Keeper of any

Gaol, House of Correction, or Prison, to which such Person shall be committed, shall be entitled to receive the

full SubliRence of such Deserter, during the Time he shall remain in their CuRody, for the Maintenance of

such Deserter, and shall receive and coniine him or them in the same Manner as if he or they had been a De-

ferter from his Majesty’s Service.

XV. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conRrued to extend, to au-

thorize any JuRice to payor cause to be paid any Reward to any Person or Persons, who shall apprehend or

cause to be apprehended any Person or Persons wno shall desert from the Service of the East India Company,

nor shall the Person or Persons apprehending the feme be entitled to any other Reward than the East India

jpompany may voluntarily give for such Apprehension.

XVI. And be it further enacted. That all such Officers and Soldiers as shall be raised and enliRed by virtue

t>f this Act shall, at all Times and until their Embarkation, be subject to all the Provisious and Regulations

of the said Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for funishing Mutiny and De-

Jertiofiy and for the better Payment of the Army and their Smarter r, during the Continuance of the fame Act in

"Great Britain, and after the Expiration thereof to such other Act or Acts of Parliament, Provisions, and Re*

gulations, as shall from Time to Time be made and be in force for the Discipline and Government of his

Majesty’s Forces in Great Britain; and that, from and after their Embarkation to go Abroad to such Places

where to they shall be sent in the Service of the said United Company, all such Officers and Soldiers shall be,

and hereby are adjudged to be in the actual Service of the East India Company within the Meaning of an Act,

passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled. Am

for punishtng Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the United Company of Mer~

fhants ^England trading to the East Indies, and for the Punishment of Offences committed in the East Indies,

or at the tflandof Saint Helena: and shall, during their Passage, and during their Continuance Abroad in

the Service of the said United Company, be subject to all the Provisions and Regulations of the said Act.

and to all such Provisions and Regulations as Officers and Soldiers in the Pay of the said United

Company shall from Time to Time be subject to at the Settlement or Place to which such Officers and

Soldiers shall be sent.

XVII. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conRrued to extend, to

enable any Officer, Civil or Military, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, to place, quarter, or

billet, any Soldier or Soldiers enliRed by or transferred to the said United Company, upon any Subject or

Inhabitant of this Realm, of any Degree, Quality, or Profession whatsoever, without his Consent, or to

demand from, or take from any Person or Persons, except by their own Consent, any such Provisions or

Allowances as are provided and allowed to Soldiers and Officers in his Majesty’s Service, by those upon

whom they are quartered orbilletted, or to compel or call upon any Person or Persons to provide Carriages

for them, their Arms, Cloaths, and Accoutrements, when upon March, otherwise than by their own free

Will and Consent.

XVIII. ‘ And whereas for more effectuallyr suppressing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the Punishment of

* other Offences committed by Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the said United Company, during the

* Time of their being trained and disciplined by virtue of this Act, or by any of the Officers or Non-cpm-

* missioned Officers employed on that Service, it may be necessary that his Majesty should be enabled to con-

* vene Courts Martial, or to authorize the feme to be convened, conliRing either in the Whole or in Part of

* Officers in the Service of the East India Company who hold Commissions from his Majesty :* Be it enacted,

That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty from Time to Time to grant a Commimon for the holding of

General Courts Martial for the Trial of Offences committed by Officers or Soldiers in the Service of the said

E e a United

Officers and

Men shall be

subject to the

Commandants

of Garrisons or

Barracks, and

partake in

the Dunes.

Orders of the

Company /hall

be given

through such

Commandants.

Deserters maybe

apprehended

and confined as

from his Ma-

jesty’s Service.

Persons appre-

hending Desert*

ers /hail be enti-

tled to such Re-

ward only as tht

Company may

give.

Officers and

Soldiers, until

Embarkation,

/hail be subject

to the Mutiny

Laws, and

afterwards to

the Provisions of

»7Cto* ».c. 9.

Act not to au-

thorize billet-

ting the Men

upon any Person

without his

Consent, dec*

His Majesty

may grant

Commissions for

holding General

Courts Martial,

confiding in the

Whole or in

Part of East

India Officers.

