142

Duties to beun-

(Jtr the Ma-

nagement of the

Commissioners

of Excise.

Money ariting

from the Dutnc

to l.e paid into

the Ekchequer.

Appropriation

of the Duties to

he the fame as

under § 13. of

c. 65. of this

Scfl'ion.

Powers of

n'C^ar. 2. c. 24.

^tended to this

A tt.

• c. 31*

39 .Ceoj.c. 31.

xecited t

The A a 38

Ceo. 3. c. 92.

(except a* to

the Duty of is.

pir Gallon of

British Spirits

in Stock on

June 13, 1798,)

Sec. further

continued to

Nov. 10, iSco.

licences for

drilling in the

Lowhnds, or

for retfifying in

any-Parr of

Scotland, which

were to conti-

nue in Force to

C. 77, 78. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii I'll. A.D. 1799.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed as shall arise or become

payable in England, Hull be under the Management * of the Commissioners of Excise in Eng and for the

Time being ; and such thereof as shall arise or become payable in Scotland, shall be under the Management

of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for-the Time being.

V. And be ifrfurther enacted, That all the Monies from Time to Time arising by the Duties by this Act

imposed (the necefTJry Charges of rsifirrg and accounting for the fame respectively excepted) shall, from and

after the passing of this Act, from Time to Time be paid intd the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at

Westminster; and the said Money so paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Parc

of the Consolidated Fund.

VI. 4 And whereas the Dudes hereby repealed were, by an Act passed in this SefEon.of Parliament, ap-

4 propriated and applied in Manner thereby directed be it therefore enacted. That the Dudes oh Salt

hereby granted shall be appropriated and applied in such and the like Manner as the Duties hereby repealed

were ditefted to be appropriated and applied.

VII. And be it further enacted. That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeit*

tires, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in and by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of

King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court cf Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in

Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof or

by any other Law nowin Force relating to his Majesty’s Revenue of Excise, are provided and established

for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining, the Duties

thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such Cafes for which other Provisions are made and pre-

ferred by this Act,) shall be practised, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, le-

vying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying, the Duties by this Act imposed, and for prevent-

ing, detesting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes*

as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things,

were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act to continue, until the tenth Day of November one thousand eight hundred, and

amend an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament *, for continuing an Act of

the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distil-

Itries, in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland\ for a limited Time ; and for

regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland; and for

granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Spirits distilledfor Consumption*

and a Duty on unmalted Grain used in Distillation in Scotland\—[lath July 1799.]

t \T WHEREAS an Act was made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue un~

4 V V til the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-hine, and amend an Act, passed in the

I a ft Session of Parliament, videlicet, on the twenty-ninth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

4 eighty for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Dislilleries in the everal Parts of the Highlands of

4 Scotland for a limited Time ; and for regulating the Duties on Dislilleries in the respective Districts in Scot-

land ; and for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Spirits dislilledfor Consumption, and a

* Duty on unmalted Grata used in Distillat ion in Scotland ; which was to continue in Force until the tenth

4 Day of July one thousand' seven hundred and ninety-nine : And whereas it is proper and expedient that

4 the said Act should be further continued and amended, and that further Provisions should be made for the

4 better regulating and securing the Duties thereby continued; and for preventing Frauds and Evaflons in

4 relation thereto: May it therefore plcafeyour Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the

said Act, and all the Duties thereby continued, (save and except the further Duty of Excise of one Shilling

for and upon every Gallon of British Spirits found upon the first actual Survey by the proper Officer, upon

or after the thirteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in the Stock, Custody,

or Possession of any Distiller, Reftifier, Compounder, Dealer in or Retailer of Spirits, in any Part of

Scotland\ and as shall be herein-after further excepted and enacted,) and all the Powers, Provisions, Regu-

lations, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained, (except as herein-after excepted or altered,) shall*

from and after the said tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, be further con-

tinued and in Force, and the fame are hereby further continued in Force until the tenth Day of Novem-

ber one thousand eight hundred exclusive.

II. And be it further enacted. That every Licence for the distillir.g, making, or manufacturing of Low'

Wines or Spirits in the Lowlands of Scotland, or for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any Kind of

Spirits, in any Part of Scotland, which shall have been granted or renewed upon or after the tenth Day of

October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight', and which was to continue in Force from the said

tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight inclusive, to the tenth Day of July

one thousand seven hundred and ninety*nine exclusive, shall be further continued and in Force from the

said tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine inclusive, to the tenth Day of Novon-

