A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III.

C. 65.

CAP. LXV.

An Act for allowing, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and

five, a further Bounty upon Pilchards exported; and for amending an Act made in the

thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for transferring the Manage-

ment of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise.—{id July1799.3

IT WHEREAS by an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the En-

4 YV. couragement of the Pilchard Fishery, an additional Bounty of one Shilling and Sixpence was al-

1 lowed for every Cask or Vessel of Pilchards, containing fifty Gallons, which should be exported between

the twenty-fourth Day of June ope thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and the twenty-fourth Day

4 of June one thousand (even hundred and ninety eight; which Bounty was further continued by another

4 Act, of the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the further Term of seven Years,

4 from the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight: And whereas in

the Act made in the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for transferring the Management

4 of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, and for repealing the Duties on Salt, and the Draw-.

4 backs* Allowances, and Bounties paid thereout, and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances,

and Bounties thereon. Provision was not made for the said Bounty of one Shilling and Sixpence; and it

4 is expedient to grant such additional Bounty as is herein-afrer mentioned: May it therefore please your

Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That for every Cask or Vessel of Pilchards, containing fifty

Gallons, which has been duly exported from Great Britain to Parts beyond the Seas, lince the tenth Day df

October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or which shall hereafter be so exported, until and

upon the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and five, and for and in respect whereof

the Person or Persons exporting the fame shall be entitled to the Bounty of (even Shillings, under or by vir-

tueof the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, an additional Bounty of one

Shilling and Sixpence shall be paid and payable to such Person and Persons so entitled to the said Bounty of

seven Shillings, at such Times, in such Manner, and by such Person and Persons, and out of such Monies,

as the said Bounty of seven Shillings is by the said last mentioned Act directed to be paid.

[&* post- < 77

as to Scotland* ]

31 Geo.}, c. 45.

37 C*o. }.c. 94.

380*0. 3. c. 89.

For every Carte

of Pilchards

containing 5®

Gallons, ex-

pot ted from

Great Britain

from October

io, 1798, to

June 24, 1805,

and entitled to

the Bounty of

7s. (under 38 Geo. 3. c. 89. § 2.) an additional Bounty of is. 6d. shall be paid.

4 Pilchards so shipped and exported be it therefore enacted, That for all Pilchards which shall be duly shipped ]ndic$ or the

and exported directly to any of the British IVcjl India Klands, or to any Port or Place in the Mediterranean, Mediterranean,

in Casks cf thirty two Gallons or upwards, there shall be allowed a Bounty in due Proportion to the several in Caflcs of

Bounties now payable* and which by this Act may become payable, for and in respect of Pilchards exported

from Great Britain, in Casks containing fifty Gallons; any Thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Par- “ ° 'nn*/

liament to the contrary in any wise notwithstandi ng: Provided always, That no such Bounty shall be paid or

allowed, unless all and Angular the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions by any former Law

established, for or in respect of Fish exported in order to obtain the Bounty, shall have been fully complied

with. taming so

Gallons;

III. c And whereas it has been a Practice to export Pilchards, in (ome Instances, in Casks commonly asaifoforail

wards, aBounty

shall be paid in

Proportion to

those exported

in Calks ctn-

Pilchards which, since the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, have been

duly exported from Great Britain to Parts beyond the Seas, in Casks commonly called Pilchard Hopf-

heads, or which, at any Time on or before the first Day of June one thousand eight hundred, shall be so

exported in such Casks, a Bounty shall be allowed in Proportion to the several Bounties now payable, or

which by this Act may become payable, for or in respect of Pilchards exported from Great Britain, in Casks

containing fifty Gallons; any Thing in this Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary

in any wise notwithstartding.

IV. And whrreas it has been the Practice to allow Pilchards and other Fish to be exported upon Bounty

from Ports and Places not being lawful Quays, and it is expedient to continue such Practice,' be it there-

fore enacted, Tn«t it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part

of them, to allow Pilchards and other Fish to be exported, for the Purpose of obtaining the Bounty, from

such convenient Port or Place as they shall deem proper; any Thing in this or any other Act or Acts cf

Parliament to the connary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And whereas by the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reignf it was en-

acted, That before any such Salt as is in that Behalf in the said Act mentioned should be delivered free of

1 Duty, for the Purpose of curing or preserving Fish, the Maker or Makers, or Refiner or Refiners there-

1 of, or Proprietor or Proprietors of the Salt Work from whence the fame was to be so delivered, or the

« . . 11 . ' ‘Merchant

heads, from

Oft. io, 1798,

to June i, 1800.

Tfie Commis-

sioners of tx-

cjfe.may allow

Fish to he ex-

ported irom any

1iacc.

38 Gto. 3.

c. 89. $ bJ.

