xxxiv The TITLES of

Bread Corn, by direfling the Manner of applying Parish

. Relief^ until the fttth Day dt Noventkeraat ttrcmfend

eight hundred and one, and from thence until the Knd of

six Weeks after the Meeting of the then next Session of

Parliament. . • Page 552

K3« An Afl to enable Commissioners to purchase certain

Buildings for the Accommodation of the two Houses of

Parliament. 558

14. An Afl for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thou-

fapd eight hundred and one; and for appropriating the

V Supplies granted in this S£f(on of Parliament. 560.

5* An Afl for taking an Account of the Population of

Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution there-

of. • ibid..

16. An Afl to prevent, until the sixth Day of November

one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to

the End of six Weeks from the Commencement of the

then nerft Severn of Parliament, the manufeftjurinjg of any

Fine Jfiour front Wheat, ot other Grain; "aiVd the making

of any Bread solely from the Fine Flour of Wheat; and

to repeal an Afl, pafl'ed in the thirty-sixth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, for permitting Bakers to

make and sell certain Sorts of Bread, and to make more

. effectual JProvision for the fame. 563

An Act to .prohibit until the first Day ©f• October one

thousand eight hundred and one, apd^from thence to the'

E$d>offfix :WeekS next afeeri the Commencement df the

. then next Session of Parliament, any Person or Persons

from felling any Bread, which shall not haw: been baked5

twenty-four Houis. 575

18. An Afl to permit, until the first Day of October one

thousand eight hundred and one, the.Impoftation of Swedish

•Herrings into Great Britain. 576

19. An Afl to remove Doubts arising upon the Conftruflion

of an Afl of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act

for granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheats Barley,;

Rye, Oats, Pease, Beans, and Indian Com, and of Barley,

. Rye, Oat, and Indian Meal, and IVheaten Flour and

Rice•' ibid.

m* An Afl to revive and continue until the Expiration of

six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session

: of Parliament, and amend so much of an Afl of the last

Session of Parliament, as relates to the reducing and bet-

. ter collefling the Duties payable on the Importation of

Starch ; and to continue for the fame Time several Laws

relating to the enabling his Majesty to permit Goods to

.be imported into this Kingdom in Keutral Ships; to the

authorizing his Majesty to make Regulations respefling

the Trade to the Cape of Good Hope\ and to the prevent-

ing Offences in obstrufling, destroying, or damaging

Ships, and in obstrufling Seamen and others from purg-

ing their lawful Occupations. 577

31. An Afl for allowing, until the fifteenth Day of October

one thousand eight hundred and one, the Use of Salt,*

Duty free, in the preserving of Fish in Bulk or in Bar-

rels; for protefling Persons, engaged in such Fisheries,

from being impressed into his MajestjP’s Service; for

discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings

* exported; and for allowing a Bounty on Pilchards now

cured, whether exported or fold for Home Confurrtp-

tion. ibid.

22. An Afl to authorize his Majesty to appoint Commis-

sioners for the more effectual Examination of Accounts of

Publick Expenditure for his Majesty’s Foices in the IVeJl

Indies during tho present Wai • 582

the S TAT U T E 8,

23. An Afl for making gie Pojrt of flmfierdm in the KUqd

' of Curafao a Free Port. * ^ P*£*

24. An Afl for continuing, until six Months after the Gon-

clufion of a general Peace, three &&$, made in the thirty-

third and thirty-eighth Years of his present Majesty’s

Reign, for establishing Regulations respefling Aliens ar-i

riving in this Kiogdom, or resident therein, in certain'

Cafes. 584

25. An Afl for allowing the Importation of undressed Hemp,

from any of the Countries that lie within the Limits of

the exclusive Trade of the Eq/l India Company, free of

Duty. ^bid,

26. An Afl for continuing until the first Day of June one

thousand eight hundred and one, the several Afls for regu-

lating the Turnpike Roads in Great Britain, which ex-

pire at the End of the present Session of Parliament. 585

27. An Afl for extending the Time>for the Paytaent of cer-

tain Sums of Money advanced by rway of Loan to several

► Persons1 cdrmefledwith and leading to(tlxeJffa(MS of Gre-

nada and Saint Vincent. ibid•

28. An Afl to explain, amend, and render more effectual,

the several Afls made in the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth

Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and in the last

Session of Parliament, for the Redemption and Purchase of

the Land Tay. > 5ffy

29. An Act for further continuing, until* the first Day of

, Augu/i aiic thousand eight, hundred , and feverr* an Afl

made, in the thirty-fcvehth Year of the Reign or his pre-

sent Majesty, intituled. An Afl for the better Prevention

and Punishment of Attempts to [educe Persons serving in

his Mayfly's Forces by Sea or Land from their Duty and

Allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or

Dffobedience. ' C90

30. An Afl for explaining and amending an Afl, passed in

the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Afl for erect-

ing a Lazaret of Chetney Hill in the County vo/’ Kent, and

for reducirtg into one Afl the Latds rthttng to ^uarcthtine,

and for making further Provision therein, as far as regards

the Payment of the Tonnage Duty in thqlllandspf Guern-

Jey, Alderney, Sark, or Man. ^ Mi.

31. An Afl: to indemnify such Persons as have, omitted to

qualify themselves for Offices and Employjpents; and

to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others,'who tyave

omitted to register or deliver hi their Qualifications with-

in the Time directed by Law, and for extending the

Time limited for those Purposes, until the twepty*>nftfi

Day of December one thousand eight hundred and one;

to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corpo-

rations, and Borough Towns, whose Admtffions have

been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having

been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing

them, until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thou-

sand eight hundred and one, to provide Admissions duly

stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make

and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of

Clerks to Atiornies and Solicitors, to make and file the

fame on or before the first Day/of Michaelmas Term

one thousand eight hundred and one; and for indem-

nifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia,

who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their

Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the

7'ime direfled by Law, and for extending the Time limit-

ed for that Purpose, until the first EUy of September one

thousand eight hundred and one. ibid.

32. An Afl for further continuing, until six Weeks after

the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament,

4 several

