iojt C. 40. Anno tricesimo tiono Georgii III. A. D. 1799.

deem the Tax

in Preference to

Rcverfioners till

July 12, 1799

(instead c>f

March 2 $); and

Rcverfioners in

Preference to ail

othcis till Dec,

25, 1799 {‘n-

fter.d of June

*5l-

Measures taken

between March

a 5 and the pair-

ing of this Act,

by Reverfioners,

lor rendering

clfeclu.il the

Phference

given them by

39 Geo. 3. c 6.

shall be fuf-

pended until

July 12; but the

Parties in Pof-

k^lion shall re-

pay the Kxpence

of fuqli Mca-

sures.

No Land Tax

to be sold to

any other Per-

fons before

Dec. 25, than

those hereby

enabled to re-

deem, unless

anylnterest in Reversion or Expectancy therein, or being ^Substitute Heirs of Entail in the ,fame Lands*

Tenements, or Hereditaments, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

nine, and their respective Tutor?, Curators, Guardi ms, of'Trustees, on their Behalf, shall have and be

entitled to the like Benefit of Preference in and to the Redemption of such LdflfclTax, until the twelfth Day of

July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and in calc no Contract shall have been entered into by

or on Behalf of such Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, or Persons in Possession, or entitled as ltfft men-

tioned, on or before the said twelfth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, then and in

* every such Cafe the Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, or other Person or Persons having such Interests

in Reversion or Expectancy, or being Substitute Heirs of Entail, entitled in their Order to succeed to the

said Estates, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and who, by the fijd Acts, .were empowered to.con-

tract for the Redemption of the Land Tax' charged thereon after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the twenty-fifth Day of June one. thousand (even hundred and

.ninety-nine, in Preference to any other Bodies Corporations, or Companies, or other Persons whatsoever

not having an Interest therein, and their respective I utors,; Curators, Guardians, or Trustees, on their

Behalf, shall have and.be entitled to such and the like Benefit of Preference in the Redemption of such Land

Tax, from arrd after the said twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until

the twenty-fifth Day of, December one thousand seven bundled and ninety-nine, as is given to them

respectively by the said Acts, until the said - twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-nine. ■

li. Provided always, and he it further enacted. That in cafenny Bodies, Corporations, or Companies,

or other Person or Persons having interests in Reversion or Expectancy, or being Substitute Heirs of En-

rail, entitled to succeed as above mentioned, and to a Preference in the Terms of the above recited Act of

this present Section of Parliament, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven-

hundred and ninety-nine, until the said twenty-fifth Day of June next, shall have, between the said twenty-

fifth Day of March and the Date of the passing this Act, taken any Measures for rendering such Prefer-

ence effectual, all such Measures and Proceedings shall be suspended by virtue of this present Act until

the twelfth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine: and it shall be competent and lawful

for all Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, Person or Persons, actually pofl'efled of or beneficially en-

titled to the Rents and Profits of such Dilates, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to render effectual the

Benefit of the Preference granted them by this Act until the twelfth Day of July one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-nine, notwithstanding of such Measures and Proceedings held by Substitute Heirs of Entail,.pr

other Persons interested in Reversion or Expedlancy in the said Eltates as above mentioned, on Condition

however of their paying to such Substitute Heirs of Entail, or Persons interested in Reversion or Expedlancy

as aforesaid, the Expence of such ineftedlual Measures or Proceedings.

HI. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Land Tax shall, before the said. twenty-fifth Day

of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, be put to Sale by Audtion or otherwise, or

sold to any Person or Persons, other than such Person or Persons as by this Act are enabled to redeem the

fame prior to the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, except

where Notice shall be given that the last mentioned Person or Persons are not to claim the Benefit of Pre-

ference given by this Act.

Notice not to claim such Preference be given.

After Dec. 25, IV. Andfoe it further enacted. That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven

Persons, &c. hundred and ninety-nine, any Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, having any Intereil in any

Lands may re- .Estates, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, may at any Time thereafter contract and agree for the Re-

deem on the ! demption of their Land Tax charged thereon, in the same Manner, and under the fame Terms and Condi-

fame Terms« . tions, as such Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, may do prior to the said twenty-fifth Day Of

before, while 'December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine 5 provided that such Land Tax shall then remain un-

the Lan i i ax fojj jn purfUance of the Provisions of the said Acts : Provided also. That no Land Tax shall be fold in

runain.un oj . pursuance of the said Acts after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and

No Land Tax ninety-nine, in any Cale where the Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, shall have given Notice

Lit11 but Perff°s u> Corn mi Hi oners for the Purposes of the said Acts, of an Intention of redeeming the fame m

fmcrtftldXSC .pursuance thereof, other than to such Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, interested as aforesaid :

t’lty have gnrn Pro\ ‘dtd also. T hat no such Laud Tax shall be redeemed by any Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, having

Notice of inren-. any Interest in Reversion or Expedlancy, in the Estates, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, whereon

non to redeem j fi>cb Land Tax (lull be charged, f or the Space of three Months after Notice given to the respective Commis-

"°rR*verhon r *l0fX*rs by airy Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, considered by the said Acts as being in the

• or thuc °nerS actual Polfolfion of the said Estates, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of an Intention to redeem the

Month; after fame in pursuance of this Act.

fjcli Nonce ;*om IV; ion* in Folf.lliop.

On Con t rafts

made M'.cr July

12, Tr.inilf r^of

Stock ihrtl. be

made Within

lour >'car. from

Dec. 2 ^ ; and

thctirll inilal-

ment on or be-

fore Jan i,

liv o.

V. And heir further enacted*, That where any Contract shall be entered into after the twelfth Day <?f

July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, in pursuance of this Ai% the Capiial Stock to be trans-

ferrtd as the Consideration thereof shall be made within the Period of four Years, from the twenty-filth Day

of December one thousand (even hundred and ninety nine, by the like Number of Instalments, and on the

l.kc Days in each Year, with the like Power to transfer the fame, by any less Number of Instalments, or

in Advance, as by the said recited Act is allowed ; and the first of the said Instalments shall, in every such

Cafc, be made on or before the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred.

.4 VL Prcf-

