A.D. 1799. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii

C. i

267

Rank in his Majesty’s Regular Forces equal to the Rank he shall haye held as such Militia Officer at th* J^ular Forcc*>

Time of such Volunteering as aforesaid, and thereafter such permanent Rank as his Majesty shall think

fit to grant; and every fuel) Officer so serving in his Majesty’s Regular Forces^as aforesaid, withtemjxj- "Arary

rary Rank only therein, shall, uporr,his Reduction as such Officer, be entitled, to and receive the Half

Pay of the Rank in which he shall have been serving at the Time of his Rffcluftion, as if such Rank had been

permanent. V

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That no Non-commissioned Officer, Corporal, Drum-

mer, or Private Militia Man* shall beentitled to enlist under this Act who diali be in Confinement under

any Sentence of any Court-martial, or who shall be under Confinement with a View to being tried by any

Court-martial, until he shall have suffered ihe Sentence of such Court-martial ; and that no Non-commis-

fioned Officer, Corporal, Drummer, or Private Militia Man, shall be entitled to his Discharge, or to enlist

under this Act, .who shall have been in Confinp*nene, or who shall have been sentenced to any Punishment

by any Court-martial for any Offence committed between the twenty-fourth Day of September one thou-

sand (even hundred and ninety-nine, and the Time of his so offering to enlist, unless he (lull obtain the

Confentofthe Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia.in whfleii

he shall be serving at the Time of his being dclirous of enlisting as aforesaid.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person serving in the Militif*who shall be usually

employed as aMuficianin the Band of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, to which he shall be-

long, or shall be usually employed as an A|Jnourer in any such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, shall be

entitled to his Discharge, ortoefilift into his Majesty’s Regular Forces under *his Act, unless he shall ob-

tain the Consent for that Purpose of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or

Corps of Militia in which he shall be then serving.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for tbeflColonel or Commanding Of-

ficer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, to refuse to discharge any Non-commissioned Offi-

cer, Corporal, Drummer, or Private Militia Man, who shall dfcfire his Discharge for the Purpose of being

enlisted, under this Act, into his Majesty’s Regular Forces, upon assigning, in Writing, to the GeneiaT

Officer commanding in the Dittrift within which such Regiment, Battalion,-or .Corps-of Militia shall be

quartered, or to the Adjutant General of his Majesty’s Forces where there shall not be any such General

Officer as aforesaid, such Cause for his Refufalas shall be deemed sufficient by such General Officer^or Ad-

jutant General, .as the Cafe may be. mm

w Persons discharged for the Purpose of being so enlisted, and refusing Co to do, shall belong to the Regiment

44 from which discharged. § 12.” . * ■'*. H

XIII/ Provided also, and be it further enacted, Th# it shall he lawful for the Commanding Officer for Non-pommif-

the Tinflf being of any Regimenuof the Line into which any such Non-comgftiffioned Officer, Corporal, or ?oned officers.

Drummer, shall have enlisted under this Act, or for the Commanding Officer of any Battalion of any fuel)

Regiment in which such Non-commissioned Officer, Corporal, or Drummer shall serve, to reduce, at his

Discretion, any such Non-commissioned Officer, Corporal, or Drummer, to the Rank of a Private Soldier

in the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of his Majesty’s Forces in which he shall serve as such Ndh-commis-

fioned Officer, Corporal, or Drummer as aforesaid, ia case of any Misconduct, or for any such sufficient

£ause as would, according to the Usage^nd Practice that obtain in his Majesty’s Regular Forces, oc*;

casion the Reduction of any NonTcommissioned Officer, ‘Corporal, or Drummer to the Rank of a Private

Soldier.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorize any

Colonel or Commanding Officer as aforesaid to discharge, or cause to be discharged, under any of the

Provisions of this Act, any greater Number of such Men of the Militia of any County, Riding, or Place,

as shall be desirous of enlisting, and shall be enlisted under this Act, than will, together with the Number

of Men discharged for the Purpose of being enlisted, into tljg Regular Forces under the said recited Act,

amount in the Whole to three Fifths of the Number of Men required as the Quota of such County, Riding,

or Place, by the said Act of the last Session of Parliament. ,

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant, or in the Absence of the Lieutenant, any three Deputy

Lieutenants, authorized by his Majesty to act as Lieutenant, of every County, Riding, and Place aforesaid,

shall, within ten Days after the receiving of any Order for that Purpose from his Majesty, signified by his

Majesty’s Secretary of State, transmit to his Majesty’s Privy Council an accurate Account, in Writing, of

the Number of Persons that shall have beert discharged from the Militia of their respective Counties, Ridings,

and Places, and enlisted, in the Regular Forces under this Act; which Accounts shall, in all Cafes where

the fame may benecessary, he transmitted, by the Commanding Officers of such Milftia to such Lieutenants

or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, for that Purpose.. *

to them by the Commanding Officer of the MiJkia.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, His Majesty ,

by any Warrant under his Sign Manual, directed to the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid,

from Time to Time, when and as often as he shall think fit, to disembody any Number of M ilitia Men jitia Mrn to be

without Regard to whether such Men were raised under an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign difmlfled to

of his present Majesty, or under two several Aft9 passed in the thirty-ieventh Year of the Reign of his pre- their respective

font Majesty, or raised after the passing of this Act; an!, for that Purpose, to authorize and direct any Abodes.

Mm2 Colonel

porary Rank

therein,' and

Half Pay.

Persons con-

fined under

Sentence of

Courts martial,

&c. r.ot entitled,

to cflUift, but

provisionally.

Mu fi v ia ns or

Armowers not

entitled to en-

lift, without

Chr.sent of the

Commanding

Officer.

Commanding

Officer* of Mi-

litia may refuse

to dil’Char

Person* dclirous

of eniifting into

the Regular

Forces* upon

assigning a fuf-

ficient Cause.

¥

Corporals, or

Drummers, en-

lifted into the

Regulars, may

be reduced to

Privates.

Commanding

Officers shall

not discharge

in the Wl.oxe,

under this or the

former Adf,

more than

3-5H1S of the

Quota for the

County.

County Lieute-

nants shall

transmit to tire

Privy Council

an Account of

the Number of

Men discharged,

which, when

ntceflary, shall

be transmitted

