I

)

16 C. 6. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A. D. 179

W litre any

Lands ate

©milted to Ik:

ailUred under

the said Act,

any Pci Ton ag-

grieved by such

Omission may

.appeal to the

Commitftoners,

giving seven

bay*’ Notice,

though the

'I'inie for Ap-

peal under the

Ad be expired;

and the Com-

missioners shall

appoint a Time

for hearing the

" Appeal.

Commissioners.

may, on hear-

ing such Ap-

peals, direct

A HelTors to

make a new

Rate; and may

quafli the for-

mer Aficftment,

Not to extend

to the Aflc(T-

ments of Per-

Ibns who shall

have contracted

for Redemption

of their Land

Tax; unless

they declare

their Option to

be contidtred as

Purchasers, or

th.*ir Deftre to

refeind th^ir

Contract.

Future Con- -

trad* to be re-

gulated by such

altered AUtlT-

ments.

In the Schedule

produced by

any Person hav-

ing Benefit of

Preference, it

shall bt fufii-

Cnr.t to (late

t.ie Nature of

the Prentifcs,

the Name of the

Occupur, and

the l'ui- w litre

XVI. And be it further enacted, That where, in any Parish or Place, the Sums rated and assessed, or to

be rated and afiefled, by virtue of the said 1 aft-mentioned Act, on the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tene-

ments, or Hereditaments, in such Parish or Place, shall not have been charged upon all the Manors, Mef-

fuages. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, lituate in l’uch Parish or Place, and chargeable to the said

Rate, then and in every such Cafe it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons having any Interest in any

Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, charged by the said Assessment in such Parish

or Place, who shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by reason of any such Omission, to appeal

to the Commissioners of Land Tax or Supply acting for such Parish or Place, in order that the Manors,

Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, omitted to be so charged, may be duly charged in such

Assessment, notwithstanding the Time limited for making Appeals in and by the said last mentioned Act

shall be expired; provided the Person or Persons so intending to appeal shall give seven Days previous No-

tice thereof, in Writing, to one or more of the Assessors of the Parish or Place where such Assessment shall

be made ; and the said Aflcfior or Assessors shall give publick Notice of any Appeal so made, by affixing the

fame in Writing on the Church or Chapel Door, or on the Market House or Crcfs, or other Place where

Notices have been usually affixed in such Parish or Place, which Notice shall be deemed good and sufficient

Notice to all and every Persons chargeable by such Assessment, in respect of their Manors, Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as aforesaid; and the respective Commissioners acting for the

Divisions where such Appeals shall be made, shall appoint a convenient Time for hearing and determining the

fame, of which they shall cause the like publick Notice to be given as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if upon any such Appeal it shall appear to the said Commission-

ers, or any three or more of them, or the major Part of them then present, for hearing and determining

, such Appeals, by Proof upon Oath or Affirmation, (which Oath or Affirmation the said Commissioners are

hereby authorized to administer,) that any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, have

been omitted to be charged in such Assessment, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to direct the

Assessors to make a new Rate, by assessing all such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-

ments, in such Parish or Place, as were omitted to be assessed in the former Assessment, and to deduct the

Amount thereof from the Charge upon other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,

as were before charged in such Assessment, in Proportion as the fame were so respectively charged therein,

without altering the respective Proportions at which the lame were so charged, and upon the Confirmation of

such new AlTelTment,to settle andadjuft the Sums which may have been overcharged upon and paid accord-

ingly by any Person or Persons charged in such former Assessment, and direct in what Manner the Sums

overpaid shall be returned, and thereupon to quash such former Assessment.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall* be construed to

authorize the said Commissioners of Land Tax or Supply to make any Alteration in the Assessment of any

Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies* who shall, before the Day to be appointed for

hearing and determining such Appeals as aforesaid, have contracted with the Commissioners specially named

for that Purpose, for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon his, her, or their Manors, Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and who shall not at the Time of entering into such Contract have

declared to the said Commissioners his, her, or their Option, to be considered on the fame Footing as a Per-

son not interested in the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchasing the

Land Tax charged thereon, is by the said first recited Act considered as far as relates to the Land Tax com-

prised in such Contract, unless the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, having so con-

traded, shall be desirous of reminding the Contract so made, or of declaring his, her, or their Option respect -

ing the fame as aforesaid, and shall give Notice thereof to the Commissioners of Land Tax or Supply be-

fore the Day appointed for hearing and determining Appeals under this Act, in which Cafes only the C011-

tracts so made (nail become null and void, in order to such Alteration being made in such Assessment; but

otherwise every such Contract, whereupon such Option shall not have been declared, shall (land good, and

the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereon the Land Tax so redeemed shall

be charged, shall be and continue exonerated from the same, and from all further Affeflrnents according to the

Directions of the said first recited Act, and as if this Act had not been made; and the Land Tax (b redeemed

shall be entered in such new Affoflment as the just Charge in respedof the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Te-

nements, or Hereditaments, so exonerated.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That where, in any Parish or Place, any Rate charged

upon any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be altered by virtue of this Act,

all such Contracts as aforesaid, which shall be entered into after the Day for hearing and determining Ap-

peals, shall be regulated according to the Charge in such altered Assessment.

XX. And be it further enacted. That in the Schedule or Description which shall be produced to the Com-

missioners of Land Tax or Supply, or to the Justices of the Peace, or to the Clerk of the Peace, in any

County, Riding, Shire, Division, or Place, by virtue of the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty and of this Act, by any Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies,

having Benefit of Preference as therein and herein is mentioned, that it shall be sufficient in such Schedule to

state the respective Natures of the Premises, and the Name or Names of the Occupier or Occupiers thereof,

and the Parish or Place where the fame shall be situate, and such other Circumstances as the said Commis-

sioners, or Justices, or Clerk of the Peace, shall require, without stating therein the Quantities or reputed

Quantities of such Premises.

fuuate, am! such other Circumflances as shall be required by the Commissioners, without stating Quantities. • C. 60.

6 XXI, And

