3,46 C. 54. Anno 390 & 40* Georgii III. A.D. 1800*

When any Ac- VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Time when any Account, not being an Account

count(not being Current, shall be declared, the said Party Accountant, or his lawful Representative or Representatives, filall

CurrcnMihail charged with Interest, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the Amount of the

be declared, the Sum due upon every Account which Shall be so declared (whether the fame (hill be for Principal or Interest)

Party shall be in Manner following \ (that is to lay,) Upon eve: y Account declared by the said Commissioners for audit-

charged with jpg the Publick Accounts, the said Interest shall commence at and be computed from the 'rime of such

further Interest Declaration ; and upon every Ordinary Account prepared by them for Declaration, the said Interest shall

upon?he Sum commence at and be computed from the Time when the fame was so prepared ; and upon every Extraor-

duetiU it is dinary Account, stated by them to the Lords Commissioner of his Majesty’s Treasury, the said Interest

paid or reco- shall commence at and be computed from the said fifth Day of January or fifth Day of July (as the

vtred. The Cafe may be) next preceding the Time when the find Account was predated for Declaration; and in each

rn^ncfonO?11* and every of ttie said Cafes, the said Interest (hill grow due and be payable from the Peiiods severally

dinaryAccounts above-mentioned, until the said Sum shall be paid or recovered by due Course of Law ; the Amount of

from the 1 ime which growing Interest shall be deemed a Debt due to his Majesty, his Heirs and SuccdVors, and may

they were pre- be iccovered in the same Manner, and by the fame Means, as the Su n uue upon the said d dared Account;

pared for Dech- and no Accountant shall be deemed Even and Quit, according to the Course of his Majesty’s Exchequer,

”xraor?Una°n unt,l ^ai have paid an^ discharged the Amount of such gro wing Interest, together with such Sum so

Accounts ft aed declared to be due as aforesaid.

to the Treasury, from the 5th January or 5th July preceding the Time of presenting for Declaration.

.Balances afetr-

taincct 10 bw due

/rom Revenue

Officers, and

■Balances of Ac-

counts declared

by the Treasury,

l*forc passing

1* is Act and

jiot yet paid,

and Balances

now depending,

and not paid at

the Time of

VII. And be it further enacted. That all Balances, which before the patting of this Act have been afeer-

tained to be due from Persons employed in the Collection or Receipt of any of his Majesty’s Revenues,

and also the Balances of all Accounts which before the passing of this Act have been declared, according to

the Course of his Majesty’s Exchequer, by the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, or so*

much of the said several Balances l'o afeeruinedor declared respectively as hath not yet been paid or re-

covered to and for the Use of his Majesty; and so much of any Sum now depending before the said Lords

Commissioners as shall be declared a Balance, and shall not have been paid or discharged at the Time of

such Declaration ; shall severally and respectively bear Interest at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per An-

numy from and after the patting of this Act until they shall be duly paid or recovered ; the Amount of which

growing Interest shall also be deemed a Debt due to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and shall and may

be sued for and recovered accordingly.

Declaration, shall bear an Interest (at $ per Cent.) from passing this Act until paid.

No Surety shall VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein-before contained shall operate to-

be charged with c}mge any Surety with Interest for Delay of Payment by the principal Debtor, except from such Time only

ijbTupon to as Surety shall be called upon to answer for the Default of the Principal.

answer for Dciault of the Principal.

The Commis-

limners for au-

diting the bub-

i.ek Accounts,

£ia'!, within

f-ven Day softer

Declaration of

Accounts,trar.f-

mit to the Au-

ditor of the Kx-

chequtr a Sche-

duled the

Stimi declared

to he c!u., anrl

the Names of the

IX. 4 And, for the better enabling the said Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts toascertain

4 what Sums ofiYJoney have been or may be hereafter paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, by

4 Publick Accountants, in or towards the Discharge of Balances which have been or may hereafter be de-

4 dared to be due to his Majesty, his PJeirs or Successors be. it hereby further enabled, That the said Conv-

missioners shall, within liven Days after every Declaration of Accounts, transiirt to the Auditor of the

Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Information of the Tellers of the said Exchequer, a Schedule or Ac-

count, speccifying the Sums declared to be due upon such Declaration of Accounts, and the Names of the

Persons from whom the said Sums are declared to be due respectively ; and the said Auditor shall, within

ft ven Days after the four uf ual Quarterly Days of Payment, in every Year, transmit to the said Commis-

sioners an Account of all Monies paid into the Exchequer, within the preceding Quarter, by or on Behalf

of the several Persons whole Names have been so transmitted to him as hcrc;n-belorc directed.

Del-tors; and he shall quarterly transmTto the CommhTioners an Account of the Monies paid in by or on Behalf of the Parties,

Accour.ts cf X. And be it further enacted, That when any Re-payments fhftl be made by Sub-Accountants to the

Repayments by p>y!T}a|\cr (Jeneiai of his Majesty’s Forces, the Treasurer of the Navy, the 'Breafuror of the Ordnance, or

anufoCp?nui- 10 a:1Y other principal Accountant, of any Sums cf Money which shall have been issued by such Principal

p;!l Actom.tV Accountants to the Sub-Accountants respectively, Accounts of such Re-payments, for the six Months

ants, iba.i be preceding, ihail be transmitted to the Commissioners for auditing Publick Accounts,on the fifth Day ofja-

tr.mfti.itud to unary ami the fifth Day of July in every Year, by the Principal Accountants, and that the Principal OS-

tfif laid Corn. CC|S ot* Qrdnance, the Commissioners of his Majesty’s .Navy, the Commissioners for Victualling his-

arlv*1 aind t be * Majesty’s Navy, and the CommhTioners for Sick and Hurt, shall, on the same Days in each Year, transmit

principal ofti. to the fidd Convniflioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, an Account for the six Months preceding, of

cmofihtOri- ail ImprUte elcaicd by them for Money issued to any Sub-Accountants.

nance, £:c snail . ,

transmit to urn lmli'.y-.aily Accounts of all Impafts cleared by them,

The Treasury

errq o\n ercci to

allow Ir.tercft

(*t 5 per Cent.)

upon Sums

amounting to

XI. 4 And whereas it is just and reasonable that Interest fhoiftj be allowed to Publick Accountants for

4 Monies advanced by them for the Publick Service, and remaining due to them upon the Balance of their

4 Accounts, not being Accounts Currentbe it therefore enacted,-That it shall and may be lawful for the

Lords Com millioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, and they are hereby required to allow and direct Interest

to be paid, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon every Sum of Money amounting to

v five

