248 C. lxix. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III.__________, A.D. 1799.

John Whitmire Esquire, John Julius Angcrftein E(quire, William Bqftuiquet Esquire, Alexander Champion

Esquire, Abel Chapman Esquire, John Dejfel Esquire, Edward Forjler Esquire, George Jeffery Esquire,

Bcejhn Long Esquire, Thomas Raikes Esquire, Philip Sanfom Esquire, George Wood Esquire, William

holme Esquire, Henry Davidson Esquire, John Wedderburn Esquire, David Lyon Esquire, Jfeph Timferon

Esquire, James John!Ion Esquire, Thomas Plummer Esquire, David Mitchell Esquire, William Leighton

Esquire, and Georoe Brown Esquire, shall be and be called The Commissioners of the said Compensation s, and shall

manage the Business thereof; and they the fame Commissioners shall and.may meet for the Transaction of the

said Business, at such Places and Time or Times, as to the major Part of the Commissioners so met, not

being less than five, shall seem convenient; and any five or more of the said Commissioners being so met

(but not fewer) shall be competent to act in the said Business, and shall ele3 from among themselvesa

Chairman at all such Meetings ; and all Motions and Questions which shall be made and proposed'at such

Meetings, shall be decided by a Majority of the Commifioners present, and upon the Number happening

to be equally divided, the Chairman for the Time being shall give the catting Vote.

44 Commissioners of Compensation in the Room of those who shall die, or decline, or become incapable to

44 a3, to be appointed by the surviving Commissioners. § 131. Oath for Commissioners of Compensation.

44 § 132. Commissioners empowered to administer Oaths. § 133*”

Rates appoint- CXXXIV. And be it further enacted. That in Consideration of the great Accommodation and Advan-

l.ts^/eST ^or which the several Works and Regulations hereby authorized to be made will aftbrdto the Shippingand

Vctelsufing ° Trade of the said Port, and in Consideration of the great Charges and Expences which will be occasioned by

the Port of the making, building, erecting, and providing of the said Canals, Cuts, Sluices, Bridges, Roads, and other

London for the Works, herein-before authorized to be made by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common

Year, from Council act’embled, there shall be payable and paid to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or to his

Aug. 1, 1799. or (j0|jeftors, Receivers, or Agents, from and after the first Day of August next after the passing of

this A3, for and during the Term of fourteen Years from thence next ensuing, for every Ship or other Vef-

fel trading to, frequenting, or using, Lthe said Port of London, of which the said intended Canal, Docks,

and other Works are to be Parts as aforesaid, by the Matter or other Person having the Charge or Cora-

' fnand, or the Owner or Owners, of such Ship or other Vessel, according to the Tonnage-Burden thereof re-

spectively, the several Rates or Duties of Tonnage next herein-afeer particularly rated and described; (that

is to say,)

Lift ofRatcs. First Clafs—For every Ship or other Vessel, trading Coastwise, between the Port of London and any Port

- or Place in Great Britain, the Orkneys, Shetland, or the Western Islands of Scotland, there shall be paid for

every Voyage both in and out of the said Port, inclusive, one Penny per Ton.

Second Clafs— For every Ship or other Vessel entering Inwards, or arriving in the said Port from Den•

mark, Norway, or Lapland, (on this Side of the North Cape,) or from Holjiein, Hamburgh, Bremen, or

any other Part of Germany bordering on ornear the Germanic Ocean, or from Holland, or any other of the

United Provinces, or from Brabant, Antwerp, Flanders, or any other Part of the Netherlands, or from France,

(within Ujhant,) Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, Ireland, ox the Ijle of Man, one Penny Farthing per

Ton.

And for every Ship or other Vessel clearing Outwards in, or departing from the said Port to any of the i

Countries, Parts, or Places la ft he rein-be fore mentioned, one Penny Farthing per Ton :

Third Clafs—For every Ship or other Vessel entering Inwards, or arriving in the said Port from Lapland,

(beyond the North Cape,) Finland, RujJia, (without or within the Baltick Sea,) Livonia, Courland, Poland,

Prussia, Sweden, or any other Country or Place within the Baltick Sea, two Pence per Ton. # 1

And for every other Vessel clearing Outwards in, or departing from the said Port to any of the Countries 1

Parts, or Places last herein-before mentioned, two Pence per Ton. j

Fourth Clafs—For every Ship or other Vessel entering Inwards, or arriving in the said Port from France, j

(between Ujhant and Spain,) Portugal, Spain, (without the Mediterranean,) or any of the Azores, Madeira,

or Canary Ifands, or any of the United States of America, or of the British Colonies or Provinces in North

America, or from Florida, two Pence Halfpenny per Ton:

And for every Ship or other Vessel clearing Outwards in, or departing from the said Port to any of the

Countries, Parts, or Places last herein-before mentioned, two Pence Halfpenny per Ton.

Fifth Clafs—For every Ship or other Vessel entering Inwards, or arriving in the said Port from Greenland,

Gibraltar, France, or Spain, (within the Mediterranean,) or any Country, Island, Part, or Place within or

bordering on or near the Mediterranean, or Adriatic Sea, or from the IVcJl Indies, Louijiana, Mexico, South

America, Africa, liajl India, China, or any other Country, Island, Part, or Place, within orbordering on or

near the Pacific Ocean, or from any other Country, Island, Part, or Place whatsoever to the Southward of

twenty-five Degrees of North Latitude, three Pence Halfpenny per Ton.

And for every Ship or other Vessel clearing Outwards in, or departing from the said Port to any of the

Countries, Islands, Parts, or Places last herein before mentioned, three Pence HalfpennyTon.

Mow to be Which Rates or Duties shall be. and are hereby vetted in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as his

paid. own proper Monies, but for the Purposes of this A3, and shall be paid at the respe3ive Times of such Ships*

or other Vessels’ Entry Inwards, or Clearance Outwards, at the Custom Housein the Portof London, to the

Officer orPerlon appointed to collect and receive the same, under such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions,

as arc by this Act directed and required with respe3 to Ships or Vessels entering Inwards and clearing Out-

wards in the said Port ; or for want of such Entrance or Clearance, then the fame shall be paid'before

• such Ships or other Veilcls respectively (halldepart from the said Port* and the said Rates or Duties dull

13 be

u»

