C. 86*

A . D. 1800.

416

Anno 390 6c40® Georgii III.

/hail be cn- be fairly entered in Books to be kept for that Purpose; all which Books, duly signed and certified by the

tertd in Bucks, said Commissioners, or any two or them, shall be returned into the Office of the Auditor of the Land Re-

rclurmdlll| * venue> there to remain and be kept; and all Contrafts and Agreements by.Way of Comprpmifeor other-

thcUomce«f wife, under the Authority of this Act, shall be inrolled, by Warrant signed by one or more of the said

the Alitor of Commissioners, with the Auditor of the Land Revenue,

the Land Revenue, and ail Contrafts be enrolled there.

If Boundaries

cannot be afeer-

taintd by fufli-

cient Marks or

Descriptions in

■Writing, the

Commissioners

/hall cause them

tote marked

with Stones

placed at pro-

per Distances.

Penalty on Per-

/bns puHing up

such Stones or

defacing the

Marks thereon,

from 101. to

40 s. * [See

i *4- *7-]

When the Co tu-

rn. Hi oners shall

have ascertained

the Boundaries,

they /hall cause

a Map to be

made, in which

the Boundaries

of the Forest

and the Lands

therein belong-

ing to his Ma-

je/fy /hall be

distinguished,

as also the

Lands of other

Persons as far as

Land Revenue.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Boundaries of the said Forest, or of any of the Lands of

the Crown within the same, shall be so situate that the said Commissioners shall not be able fully to ascertain

them by permanent, plain, and sufficient Marks, or Descriptions in Writing, so that the fame may thereby be

fully known at all Times, the said Commissioners shall cause all such Boundaries to be marked with Stones, to

be placed at proper Distances from each other; and if the Land whereon such Boundary Stones shall be placed

shall not be the Soil of the Crown, although within the Boundaries of the said Forest, shall cause the Letters

N- F. in large Roman Characters, and the Date of the Year in which such Stones shall be put up, and

also a Number (in numerical Order) to be cut or engraven on each of the said Stones; and if the

Land whereon such Boundary Stones shall be placed shall be Land of the Crown, the Letters

C. L. N. F. in large Roman Characters, shall be cut or engraven on such Stones: and if any Per-

son shall wilfully or wantonly pull up, break down, remove, or damage any of the said Mark Stones, or

destroy, spoil, or deface any of the Letters, or other Marks engraven or cut thereon by Order of the said

Commissioners, such Person shall be guilty of an Offence, and mail for every such Offence, being lawfully

convicted thereof, forfeit and lose any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds nor le£ than forty Shillings; to here-

covered and applied in Manner herein-after mentioned*.

XII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Commissioners shall have ascertained

and settled the Boundaries of the said Forest, and the Lands within the same which belong to his Majesty,

they shall cause a Map or Plan to be made of the said Forest, in which Map or Plan, the Boundaries of the said

Forest, and the Lands within the same belonging to his Majesty, as ascertained and settled.by the said Commis-

sioners, shall be accurately and distinftly marked, set out, and distinguished, and the Lands within the Bounds of

the said Forest belonging to other Persons, shall also be marked and disti»guished in thejfaid Map or Plan, so

far as the' said Commissioners shall be able to ascertain the fame; and the said Commissioners {hall cause two

Parts, to be made of such Map or Plan, and they or any two of them shall attest and certify the Truth and Ac-

curacy of both such Parts, by signing their Names thereto; and one Part of the said Map or Plan so certified

by the said Commissioners, or any two of them, shall be transmitted by them to the Steward of the said Forest,

or his Under Steward, to be deposited amongst and kept with the Records of the Court of Attachments of

the said Forest, held at Lyndburst in the said County of Southampton^ and the other Part of the said Map or

Plan, certified as aforesaid, shall be transmitted to the Auditor of the Land Revenue, to be kept in his Office.

can be ascertained; and one certified Copy shall be transmitted to the Steward of the Forest, and the other to the Auditor of the

The Commis-

sioners on Re-

quest shall cer-

tify in what

Manner dif-

puted Bounda-

ries /hall have

been settled,

and return such

C (.rtificate to

the Auditor of

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Commissioners shall have af-

eertained and settled the Boundaries of any Part of the said Forest, or of any Lands within the same, which

have been disputed, they shall, if requested so to do by any Person or Persons interested therein, certify in

Writing under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of two of them, in what Manner such

disputed Boundaries shall have been so ascertained and settled, and return such Certificate to the Auditor of

the Laid Revenue, to be filed in his Office, and shall also, at the Request of any Person or Persons

so interested, deliver a Copy of such Certificate to such Person or Persons, he, (he, or they paying for

the fame, to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, at and after the Rate of three Pence per Sheet and no

more.

the Land Re-

venue, and also deliver a Copy to the Party interested, he paying for the fame.

XIV. And be it further enacted. That after the said Map or Plan of the said Forest shall have been

made and completed, and one Part thereof, signed and certified by the said Commissioners, shall have been

deposited amongst the Records of the said Court of Attachments of the said Forest as aforesaid, all unlaw-

ful Inclosures, Purpreftures, Encroachments, and Trespasses whatsoever within the said.Forest, shall and may

be enquired of by the Verderers of the said Forest, in theCourt of Attachments of the said Forest ; and the Per-

son or Persons guilty of any such Inclosure, Purprefture, Encroachment, or Trespafs, shall and may be pro-

fecuted for the lame in the said Court, and upon Proof being made thereof by the Oath of. one credible Wit-

nefs, the Verderers of the said Forest, or any two of them present at the said Court, shall have Power, and

they are hereby authorized, to fine any Person or Persons so offending, for every such Offence, in any Sum

not exceeding ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied in the Manner herein-after provided for; and to

order and direct every such Inclosure, Purprefture, Encroachment, and Trespafs, to be abated by the Re-

garded, Under Keepers, or other Officers of the said Forest, who shall abate the feme accordingly.

If any Qjitftion

Hull axife re-

Iptfting the

boundaries of

elje Forest &c.

liiey shall tr

XV. And be it further enacted, That after the said Map or Plan shall have been made and completed,

and one Part thereof, signed and certified by the said Commissioners, shall have been deposited amongst tW

Records of the said Court of Attachments of the said Forest as aforesaid, if any Question shall arise orbe

made respecting the Boundaries of the said Forest or any Part thereof* or whether any Piece or Parcel of

Land

