A.D. 1800.

Anno 39* & 40* Gborgit III.

C. 49- 33*

{hall not be included in any Warrant to any Collector or Collectors of the said Duties; or who shall not have

given Notice to pay the fame into the Bank of England ; and i,t shall be lawful for the said respective Com-

missioners to allow to the Person or Persons so appointed as aforesaid such Salary or Reward for his or

their Attendance and Trouble therein* as shall be agreed upon between such Commissioners and the Person

or Persons as aforesaid, and as shall be approved of by the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, not ex-

ceeding the Rate of one Penny Halfpenny in the Pound of the Sum paid to the Receiver General as after

mentioned ; which Salary or Reward the Person or Persons lb appointed is and are hereby empowered to

detain out of the Payments of the la(t Instalment payable in respect of the Duties receivable by him or

them as aforesaid 5 and every such Person shall on some Day in every Week, to be named in the Security

entered into by him, pay or remit to the Receiver General of the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry,or Place

where such Duties shall be paid as aforesaid, the whole Amount of the Duties that shall from Time to Time

be collected by virtue of this Act.

may allow them such Recompence (not exceeding i-Jd. per Pound,) as ilia’ll be approved of by theCommitfioners for Taxts.

weekly to the Receiver General the Money collected.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Person engaged in Trade or Manufacture, No Trader

and entitled by the said Acts to be assessed by the Commercial Commissioners appointed within and for the comHbu^on*

City of London and its Vicinity, whose Contribution, in respectof Income anting from such Trade or Manu- /hall not

facture, which shall be returned in the Statement delivered in by him or her, shall not amount to the Sum of amount to aol,

twenty Pounds, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be entitled to be assessed by the said Commercial shall be entitled

Commissioner of the City of London and its Vicinity : Provided always, That nothing herein contained

shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Persons engaged in Trade or Manu failure in

Partnership, whose joint Contribution in respect of Income arising from such Trade or Manufacture, which

shall be returned in one Statement as upon a Partnership Income, and to be assessed as such, shall amount to

the said Sum of twenty Pounds, from being assessed by such Commercial Commissioners, although the

whole Income of any one of such Partners might not amount to such Sum as aforesaid.

may ippoint

Persons to ‘re-

ceive the Duties

assessed upon

Traders whose

Assessment*

shall not have

been included

in any Warrant

to the Collect-

ors, or who shall

not have given

Notice to pay

the fame into

the Bank, and

Such Persons shall remit

may be assessed by them. [&* ptft. e.

^ VIII. And be it farther enacted, That all Persons engaged in Trade and Manufacture, whose Contribu-

tion, so returned as aforesaid, as arising from Trade or Manufacture, shall not amount to the said Sum of

twenty Pounds, and residing or carrying on any such Trade or Manufacture within the Jurisdiction of the

Commercial Commissioners for the City of London and its Vicinity, shall, from and after the passing of this

Act, be assessed by the Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, acting for theDiftrict

within which such Persons respectively shall carry on such Trade or Manufacture; and it shall be lawful for

such Persons respectively, by him, her, or themselves, or his, her, or their Agents, to deliver or cause to be

delivered their respective Statements to the Clerks to the said last-mentioned Commissioners, in such and the

like Manner, in every Respect, as if such Statements were delivered to the Commercial Commissioners;

and such Persons shall thereupon be assessed by all or any of such Rules, Directions, and Regulations, as are

in any of the said Acts and this Act contained, with respect to Persons in Trade or Manufacture.

come Acts, to whose Clerks they may deliver Statements as to the Commercial Commissioners, and shall be ai

IX. And be it further enacted. That every Person engaged in Trade or Manufacture, within the Limits

of the Distridt of the Commercial Commissioners for the City of London and its Vicinity, who, by reason of

any of the Provisions of this Act, shall not be entitled to be assessed by such Commercial Commissioners as

aforesaid.and every Person engaged in Trade or Manufacture in any City, Town, Place, or Distridt, where

no such Commercial Commissioners as aforesaid shall act, may on the Delivery of his or her Statement to the

Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Acts in the Distridt jvHere such Trade or Manufacture shall be

carried on, require to be assessed to the said Duties, under the like Rules and.in all Refpccls in like Manner as

if such Statements had been delivered to Commercial Commissioners; and the Commissioners for the Pur-

poses of the said Acts, in every such Distridt, shall, on the Receipt of any sealed Statement which shall

have been delivered to them and not to the Assessors, proceed to charge such Person in like Manner, and

under the like Powers, Rules, Regulations, and Directions, in all Respects, as any Commercial Commis-

sioners might have done; provided that such Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Acts, and their

respective Clerks, and such Receiver or Receivers as they shall appoint as herein-before provided, shall, be-

fore they act therein, take the Oath of Secrecy required Co be taken by Commercial Commissioners and

their respective Clerks, by virtue of the said Acts or any of them, in addition to the Oath required to be

taken by other Commissioners.

they had been delivered to Commercial Commissioners; such Commissioners, their Clerks, and the Receivers, taking the Oath

39 Geo. 3. c. 42. $ S.)

X. And be it further enacted, That any Income arising from Property in any of the British Plantations

in America, and imported into Great Britain from thence, shall be luted, proved, ascertained, and assessed,

before and by the respective Commissionets for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, acting for the

Distridt within which the Person or Persons to whom any such Property shall belong shall reside, in every

Cafe where the Amount of Contribution in respect of the Income,arising from such Property as aforesaid

{hall not Amount to the Sum of twenty Pounds, in like Manner and under the like Rules as Income arising

from Trade or Manufacture.

(ioners for the Distridt within which th^ Owner shall reside, where the Contribution shall amount to 2d. at Income ar

- U u 2 XI. AnJ

Income arising

from Property

in the Bntdh

Plantations in

America, and

imported into

Great Britain,

(hull be assessed

by the Commis-

ifing from Trade.

, by

