A. D. i&oo. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. *. C. 86.

Manner as if the Persons making such Compromise had been seised in Fee Simpleof and entitled to such Lands,

Tenements., or Hereditaments, Timber, Trees, and Wood, for his and their ownUfeand Benefit respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted. That in case any Timber Trees hereby authorized tube cut down for the

Purpose of any such Compromise as aforefa’d, shall be claimed in respe.it of any Land belonging to any,

Corporation, Trustees, or Feoffees, or other Persons who foal) not be entitled to cut down Timber, then

and in such Cafe so much of such Timber Trees as shall be considered by the said Comarffioners as to be

allotted to such Corporation, Trustees, Feoffees, or other Persons not entitled to cut Timber as aforesaid,

fllall be sold by or under the Direction of the said Commissioners, or any two of them, in such Manner as

they shall appoint, and the Money arising from such Sale shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of

two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be inverted in the Purchase of Lands or Hereditaments,

which shall be conveyed in and settled upon, and subject to the like Uses, Trusts, and Limitations as the

Lands, in respect whereof such Timber Trees shall be claimed, were settled or limited ; and in the mean

Time and until such Purchase can be made, such Money shall be paid into the Bank of England, in the

Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his

Account there, ex parte the said Commissioners, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Di-

redtion and with the Approbation of the faidCourt, to be signified by an Order made upon Application, to

be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons claiming an Interest in such Timber Trees, either

in or towards the Purchase of Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of Debts or Incumbrances affecting

Lands or Hereditaments settled to the same Uses to which the Lands in respect of which such Timber shall

be claimed shall be settled; or until the fauv* shall, upon the like Application, in a summary Way, be laid

out by Order of the said Court, in the Purchase of Lands or Hereditaments to be settled as aforesaid ; and in

the mean Time, and until such Oder can be made, such Money may, by Order of the said Court, be laid

out in some of the publick Funds, or on Government or Real Securities, and the Dividends or Interest

arising therefrom itjall, by Order of the said Court, be paid to such Person or Persons as would, for the

Time heing, be'entitled to the Rents and Profits of such. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so to be

purchased, conveyed, and settled.

VIL And be it further enacted. That if the said Commissioners shall find that any Land within the said

Forest, which shall appear to them to belong to his Majesty, hath been for fifteen Years or more inclosed

and enjoyed by the Persons in Possession thereof, or those under whom they claim, without any Interruption

by or on the part of his Majesty, and that such Lands have been considerably improved since the Ificlosure

thereof, at the Expence of the Persons in Possession thereof, or those under whom they claim, and if the

Person or Persons in Posseilioi) of inch Land, or claiming Title thereto, shall signify a Desire to accept a

Leak thereof from his Majesty, upon reasonable Terms, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, if

they shall be of Opinion that the Continuance of such indofures will not be prejudicial to the Growth,

Jncrease, or Prefi Fvation of the Timber Trees and Wood in the said Forest, to order and direct that such

Lands shall continue incited, and shall bedemifed for such Term of Years as (hallappear to the said Com-

missioners a reasonable Compensation for the Lxpence of Improvement; but nevertheless upon Payment of

fijeh annual Rent or Rents to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as the said Commissioners shall in

their Judgment think proper and reasonable; and a Lease shall be made accordingly, without any Fine,

Foe, or Reward to be pa d for the fame and such Leaf? shall not be fubjift to any Stamp Duty :'But if in

any such Cafe the said Comarffioners shall order or direct any such Inclosure to be thrown open, and at the

feme Time (ha 1 be of Opinion that a Compensation ought to be made to the Person or Persons in Poss-ffion

thereof, or claiming Title thereto, for the Improvements made thereon, it shall be lawful for the said Com-

missioners toafeertam the Compensation which in their Opinion ought to be made for the fame, although it

shall appear to the said Commissioners that the said Inclosure was originally a Trespafs on the Soi£of his

Majesty, and made without any lawful Authority, and the Compensation which the said Commissioners

(half so direct to be made, shall be paid out of the first Money which shall be raised by Sale of'Timber and

Wood within the said forest.

VIII. ‘And to th* Intent that no Person may have any just Cause or Pretence for. not appearing be-

‘ fore the said Commissioneas at their Meetings, to be held for the Purpose of carrying this Act.into Execu-

* tion,* be ft further enacted, Thai the said Commissioners shall give publick Notice of the Time and Place

of every intended Meeting, by Publication of such Notice fourteen Days at lead before such Meeting, in

the London Gazette, and in two or more publick Newspapersnub<ished daily in Londonor Westminster, and

in two or more of the publick Newspapers published in the said County of Southampton, and in one or more of

the publick Newspapers publiftied in the County of Wilts : Provided always. That the said Commissioners,

or any one of them, shall and may, from 'Time to Time, adjourn their Meetings to any future Day, and

to any Place within the said County of Southampton* as they (bail think proper, and meet accordingly, with-

out giving any publick Notice thereof in any Newspaper.

IX. And be it further enacted. That any t wo of the Commissioners so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall

have full Power and Authority to appoint and hold Meetings for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execu-

tion ; and that at all Meetings of the said Commissioners under the Authority of this Act, or the said Com-

missionor Commissions, the major Part of the Commissioners then present shall have full Power and Autho-

rity to do, exercise, and perform all such Acts, Powers, Autnorr.ies, Matters, and Things, as in and by this

AS, or the said Commission or Commissions to be issued in pursuance thereof, are or shall be directed, au-

thorized, or empowered to be done, exercised, or performed by the said Commissioners.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners acting under the said Commission, shall and

they are hereby required to cause all their Enquiries* Exarainations^and Proceedings under this Act, to

be

Timber Trees

cut fiown and

allotted to

Corporations,

See. not entitled*

to cut Timber*

shall be fold

urder the Di-

rection of the

Commissioners,*

and the Money

(if amounting

to zcoi,) be in*

vetted in Land-

to be settled to

the same Uses

as the Land in

respect of

which the Tim*

ber is claimed.

See. ; and till

such invettment*

the Money /hall

be paid into the

Bank, Scc.

If the Commis- -

floi.ers shall

find any Land

belonging to his

Majesty which

has been for 15

Years inclosed,^

and enjoyed

without Inter-

ruption, and

which has been

improved, they*

may grant a

Leaf? thereof:

But if they shall

direct the In*

closure to be

thrown open,

they may direct

a CompensatioiV'

to be made for

the Improve-

ments.

The Commis- -

sioners shall

give Notice of

their Meeting*

in the London

Gazette, and

certain News-

papers.

Adjourned

Meetings may

be held without

public Notice.

Two Commis*-.-

miflfoners may

appoint and

hold Meetings,

and the Majo-

rity present majr

do all Acts.

The Proceed-"

ings of the

Commissioners'

