A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 81. 167

held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or.Place wherein such Offence was committed, 9crcnl ^uai >er

and that the Execution of every Judgement so appealed from shall be suspended, in case the Person so

conviCied shall immediately enter into Recognisance before such Justice or Justices (which he and they is

at id are hereby authorized and required to take) with two sufficient Sureties, in the Penalty of twenty ti c City’s tn-

Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, upon Condition to prosecute such Appeal with Eftect, and to be rer into kc-

forihcoming to abide the Judgement and Determination of the Paid next General Sessions or General Quarter c( _ r zmec co

Se/lions, and to pay such Costs as the said Court shall award on such Occasion; and the Justices in the said next P,c!e^lJu the

Court of General Sessionsor General Quarter Sessions are hereby authorized and icquired to hear and finally J ’

determine the Matter of the said Appeal, and to award such Costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable C

to be paid by either Party, which Decilion shall be final; and if upon hearing the said Appeal, the Judgerm /it ^3,

of the Justice or Justices before whom the Appellant shall have been convicted, shall be affirmed, such Appel- jf judgement be

lant shall forthwith pay the Forfeiture or Penalty (if any) mentioned in such Conviction, and the Costs affirmed, the

awarded to be paid by such Appellant; and in Default of Payment thereof, or in case such Conviction shall Appellant fhiil

contain a Judgement of Imprisonment, such Appellant shall immediately be committed by the said Court, pay the Penalty,

either to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, according to such Conviction, and for the Space fif Time &c* '

therein mentioned, without Bail or Mainprize, and also until the Payment of such Costs as shall be awarded

by the said Court to be paid by such Appellant.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be con- a a shall not

strued to extend, to repeal, take away, or abridge, the Powers and Authorities given to any Justice or Justices abridge Power*

of the Peace in and by any Act or ACtsof Parliament heretofore made and now in Force touching any Com- touch-

binations of Manufacturers, Journeymen, or Workmen, or for settling and adjusting Dilputes or Differences combina-

between Matters and their Journeymen, Workmen, or other Persons employed by them in any Manufacture, tj0°ns of Manu-

Trade, or Business, or the Rate or Amount of Wages to be paid to such journeymen, Workmen, or farmers, &c.

other Persons, or the Mode or Time of their working or being employed, or the Quantity of Work to

be done, or touching any Matter whatsoever also provided for by this Act; but that all Justices of the

Peace shall continue to use, exercise, and execute, all the Powers and Authorities given to them in and by

such Acts of Parliament, or any of them, in such and the same Manner as they could or might have done

if this Act had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend to authorize or empower any Person or Persons to/2power

carrying on any Manufacture, Trade, or Business, to employ therein any Journeyman or Workman contrary loy*”

to the Regulations and Provisions contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament which hath or have been workmen con-

heretofore made, and is and are now in Force, for settling, regulating, or directing the Manner or Method trary to the Pro-

of conducting, managing, or carrying on any particular Manufacture, Trade, or Business, or the Work visions now in

or Service of the Persons employed therein, without the previous Licence and Content in Writing of one force for regu-

Justice of the Pe^ce for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, in which such Ma- 3°°'

nufacture. Trade, or Business shall be carried on, expressing the Caule or Reason of giving or granting the particular Ma-

fame, which'Licence it shall be lawful for one such justice to grant, whenever the qualihed Journeymen or nufailure,with-

Workmen usually employed in any Manufacture, Trade, or Business, shall refute to work therein for rea- out Licence

sonable Wages, or to work for any particular Person or Persons, or to work with any particular Persons, or Justice>

shall, by refusing to work for any Cause whatsoever, or by misconduCling themselves when employed to hereby em-

work, in any Manner impede orobstruct the ordinary Course of any Manufacture, Trade, or Business, or powered to

endeavour to injure the Person or Persons carrying on the feme. grant in case of the Miscondutf of qualified Workmen.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenoed against any Limitation of

Person or Persons for any Thing by him, her, or them done or executed jp pursuance of this Act, or for any A<ftl0ns*

Cause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Calendar

Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid in the proper County; and the Defendant or

Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for General IlTue.

his or their Defence; and if upon Trial a Verdict shall pals for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plain-

tiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgement

shall be given against: him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants

shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs. Treble Costs.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

FORM of Conviction and Commitment

JjE it remembered. That on the Day of in the Year of his Majesty’s Reign, and

in the Year of our Lord A. B. is conviCted before me [or us, naming the Jnjliees^] one [or two]

of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County, [or Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or

Place,] of of having [fating the Offence], contrary to the Statute made in the thirty-ninth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act, [here Jet forth the Title of the Act^\ and I [or we],

the said Justice [or Justices,] do hereby order and adjudge the said A. B. for the said Offence, to he com-

mitted to and confined in the Common Gaol for the said County, [or Riding, Division, City, Liberty*

Town, or Place,] for the Space of [or to be committed to the House of Correction at

within the said County, [or Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place,) there to be kept to hard

Labour for the Space of J

Given under my [or our] Hand [or Hands], the Day and Year above written.

7* FORM

