70*

C. 21. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799-

shall be made in the Assessments as aforesaid,* shall refuse or neglect to make out and deliver a true Copy of all

. such altered Assessments, or of such Parts thereof as shall be so altered, within three Days after such Altera-

tion shall be made, he shall, for every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be reco-

vered in such Manner as any Penalty may, by the said recited Acts or either of them, be recovered.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Clerk to the said Commissioners of

Land 'Fax, shall, for every such Copy so made out by him as aforesaid, be entitled to have and receive, for

his Trouble in making out the feme, upon Application to the Receiver General of the County, Riding,

or Place, or his Deputy, and on Production of a Certificate of two or more of such Commissioners of Land

Tax, acting for the Divilion where such Assessments shall have been made, after the Rate of Four-pence for

every Chancery Sheet contained in such Copy, reckoning every separate-Amount cf Land Tax set down

in Figures or Numbers in such Copy as three Words.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Schedule or Description of any Estate shall, for

the Purpose of redeeming the Land Tax charged thereon, be transmitted in pursuance of thiS Ad, such

Land Tax not exceeding the Sum of twenty-five Pounds, the Clerk to the Commissioners appointed for the

Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, to whom such Schedule shall be delivered, shall forthwith cause an

Account to be transmitted to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, of the Amount of the Sums proposed

to be redeemed; and whenever such Contradshall be completed, the said Commissioners, before whom such

Contract shall be enteted into, shall cause an Account to be transmitted to the Receiver General of the

County, Riding, or Place in England, or to the Receiver General in Scotland, of the Name of the Party,

the Amount of the Land Tax, and the Day or Days for Payment of the Consideration, which Account

the Receivers General respectively shall forthwith cauie to be transmitted to the Commissioners for the

Affairs of Taxes, for the Information of the Commissioners of his Majesty's T reafury; and the said Cotn-

missioners of the Treasury, or any three or morp of them for the Time being, are hereby, empowered to direct

from Time to Time, as there shall be Occasion, sufficient Money to be advanced out of any Monies in the

Hands of such Receiver* General respectively, or out of any Publick Monies in the Receipt of the Exche-

quer, applicable to the Supplies and Services of the Year, as to the said Commissioners of the Treasury

(nail seem expedient, to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, before or on the re-

spective Days appointed for the Payment of the Sum payable on such Contracts, for Purchase of so

much Capital Stock as would have been transferable on such Contract by the Party, in case the Consider-

ation for the Redemption of his or her Land Tax had been therein stipulated to be transferred in Stock,

which Sums so to be advanced shall be from Time to Time replaced by and out of the Monies to be paid

upon such Contract to such Receivers General respectively, and the Stock so purchased shall be placed in

the Name of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Uses and Purposes of this

Ad, and as if the fame had been purchased by and with the Monies paid on such Contracts.

order Money to be advanced from Time to Time by the Receiver General to the Commissioners of the National Debt, before or on the federal Days of

Payment; to be laid out in the Purchase of the Stock transferrable on the Contrail, and which shall be replaced by the Money payable on such Con-

trails to the Receiver General.

be copied by

their Clerk, on

Penalty of 50/.

4//. per Chan-

eery Sheet to

be paid for

fuc|i Copies*

On receiving

Schedules of

Estates, the

Land Tax of

which does not

exceed 15/. the

Clerk to the

Redemption

CnmmilTioners

shall transmit

an Account to

the Tax Office

of the Land

Tax to be re-

deemed: And

when the Con-

trail is com-

pleted, the

Commissioners

shall transmit

the Particulars

10 the Receiver

General, who

shall fend the

fame to the

Tax Office; on

which the

Treasury may

Mode of afeer-

taining the

Price of Stock

by the Dank,

v'm. From the

respective

Times of

opening the

Books for

Transfer of th«

t per Cent*

Contois to the

substquent

opening of the

3 per Cent.

Reduced, the

Price of the

Confols to be

returned to the

Tax Office

weekly; and

vice “verfa, from

the respective

Tines of open-

ing the 3 per

Cert. Reduced

to the fubfr-

tfuent opening

the Confols,

die Price of

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this A3, the Mode of ascertain-

ing the current Price of Stock shall be as follows; that is to say, from the Time when the Books of the Go-

vernor and Company of the Bank of England shall be opened for the Transfer of three per Centum Confo-

lidated Bank Annuities, after the fifth Day of January in every Year, and until the Books shall be opened

for the Transfer of three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, after the fifth Day of April in such

Year, and so from Time to 'l ime when the said Books shall be opened for the Transfer of three per Centum

Consolidated Annuities, after the fifth Day of July in every Year, until the Books shall be opened for the

Transfer of three per Centum Reduced Annuities, after the tenth Day of October in such Year, the Cafljier

or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the.Bank of England shall, and they are hereby required'

on Tuesday in every Week, (the fame not being a Holiday, or being a Holiday, then on the Day preceding

not being a Holiday,) to cause an Account to be made out of the Average Price at which the three Pounds

per Centum Consolidated Annuities shall have been bought on such Day, (or otherwise on the following

open Day on which such Stock shall be bought, in case any Stock shall have been bought at the Bank of

England on such Day,) and shall cause the fame to be transmitted to the Commissioners for the Affairs of

Taxes; and so from Time to Time when the Books shall be opened at the Bank of England for the

Transfer of three per Centum Reduced Anhuities, after the fifth Day of April in every Year, and until the

Books shall be opened at the Bank of England for the Transfer of three per Centum Consolidated Annuities,

after the fifth Day of July in such Year, and so from Time to l ime when the said Books shall be opened

at the said Bank of England for the Transfer of three per Centum Reduced Annuities, after the tentfT Day

of October in every Year, and until the Books shall be opened for the Transfer of three per Centum Con-

folidated Annuities, after the fifth Day of January next ensuing, the said Cashier or Caftiiers shall, and

they are hereby required to transmit to the Commissioners for the Adairs of Taxes, such and the like Ac-

count of the Average Price of three per Centum Reduced Annuities, as is herein-before directed to be trans-

mitted of the Average Price of three per Centum Consolidated Annuities*

the 3 per Cent. Reduced to be so returned. 39GV0. 3. c. 6. § 8-]

Perions cutting

down Timber,

wild tire Ap-

probation ol the

Chirrs 01

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons, who by the (hid first recited Act

is or are empowered, with the Approbation of the Court of Chancery in England, or of the Court of Session

in Scotland, to cut down Timber for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on any Manors, Messuages,

Lands,

