39°,.

Such E^uty *haH

he Held to be

the Duty for

4050 Gallons of

Spirits* per

Ann. per Gallon

Content, and, 3*.

per Gallon to be

paid for tho

Exceft.

On Spirits de-

livered after

Nov. 1 1 goo,

on Contracts

made before the

Puties under

this Act become

chargeable,

tfseir Amount

may be added

to the Price.

G. ;7Jy 74. Anno 390 & 40* GeorgijIU. A.D. iftoo,

XU: And be it further enacted, That* froqv and after the said tenth Day of November one thousand

eight hundred* until the said first Day of July one thousand eight hundred and one, when the before men-

tioned Licence Duty, at and after the yearly Rate of three hundred and sixteen Pounds shall be paid for or

upon each Gallon of the Content or Capacity of a Still in any Part or Place in Scotland such Duty shall be

held to be the Licence Duty on the Spirits manufactured in such Still for and during one Year, from and,

after the Day on which such Licence shall commence and take Effect at the Rate of tour thousand and fifty

Gallons and oo more* English Wine Meafnre,of Spii its of the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof

for each Gallon Content of such Still; and for every Gallon of Spirits at the Strength aforesaid, which du-

ring the said Period shall be, found to exceed the above mentioned Proportion, there mall be charged and paid

on Demand by the Distiller who shall make or produce the fame, the Sum of three Shillings over and above

all other Duties, on Pain of forfeiting for every Neglect or Refusal to make such Payment the Sum of ten

Shillings for each and every Gallon of such surplus Spirits.

XLlI. And whereas Contradls may have been made for the Sale of British Spirits before the fame Hull

4 have been charged, or become chargeable with the Duties by this Act impeded be it therefore enacted.

That in all Cafes where any Spirits whereon the Duties by this Act imposed shall be charged, shall be alter

the first Day of November one thousand eight hundred, delivered in pursuance of such Contradls or Sales,

it shall be lawful for the Oilfillers, Redtifiers, or Compounders of such Spirits, delivering the fame, to charge

so much Money as shall be equivalent to the Duties by this Act imposed in respect thereof, in additioa to#

the Price of such Spirits, and such Distiller, Redhfier, or Compounder, shall be entitled by virtue of this Act

to demand and be paid the fame accordingly.

Recovery and

Application of

Penalties

ti Car. a, c.

shall extend to

tfcw A t\.

Act dull not

altecc* 21. of.

thifrSc&on.

XLIIL And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, shall

befued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or

Forfeiture is or may befued for,recovered,levied,or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action

of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVeJlmitifttr, or in^the

Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively 5 and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or for-

feiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Succell'qrs, and the other Moiety to him, her, or them who

shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XLIV. And be it further ensured. That all and every the Powers, Directions, R*ules, Penalties, Forfeit-

MCes, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of

Bpn%Cha^ks the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries t and Tenures in

captte, aryl by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu-thereof,

or by any other Law now in force relating tp his. Majesty’s Revenue of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other

Liquors, are provided and established for managing, raffing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, ad-

judging, orafoe^uiningthe Dm ties thereby granted, or any of them, shall be practised and put in Execution

in and for the managing, railing, levying, coltefting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the Duties here^

by granted as fully and efliftually as if all and every the fold Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, For-

feitures, Matters, apd Thing$, w«Fe particularly repeated and re-enacted ir> this present Act.

XLV. And bw h further;eo^ftfd, That nothing in this. Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or

construed to extend, to repeal or alter an Act, or any Part thereof, made in the pieleut Session of Parliament,

intituled, An Act to continue, until th,e first Day of February one thousand eight hundred and one, an Act made

in the present Session of Parliament, to prohibit the making of Low JVines or Spirits from IVbeat, or ether Sort

of Grain, or from Meal, Fleur, or Bran, in that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for amending several Acts for regulating the Price and Affize of Bread.

[9* 7*!?

jsCco. *.c. *9. > WHEREAS by an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of Kis late Majesty, and by several

aS fforrcPel!t Vy subsequent Acts, for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, it is enacted, Thatthe Ailize and

fating the Price 4 'Weight0f the several Sorts of Bread shall be set according to the Tables in the faiil Acts contained: And

andAftieof whereas fourteen Shillings and Sixpence is the highest Sum mentioned in the said Tables as the Price of a

Mmui, red utL 4 Bushel of Wheat, together with the Baker’s Allowance for baking the fame; andDoubis may arise whether

the Courts, or Peribn or Persons npw authorized by the said Acts tp set and afrerlajir, withjn their several

€ Jurisdictions, the AiTizd anid Weight of all Sorts of Bread made for Sale or expoftd to Sale, may continue to,

\ , 4 do the fame when the Price of the Bushef of Wheat, together with the Baker’s Allowance for baking, shall

1 exceed the said Sum of fourteen Shillings and Sixpence May it therefore pleufe your Majesty that it may

^ enacted; andbeit enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty. by and with the Advice and Cpnfent cf

. ' the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembted, and by the Autho-

ZJ*. ttltof ‘ '* rltr p^befany. That it shall and may be lawful for all Courts, and Person or Persons duly authorized, tet

lead mar be 1 cohhn4Je so set ants ascertain, within their several Jurisdictions, the Assize and Weight of aft Sorts of Bread.

Ott, whatever ! made for Sale or eXposed to Sale, whatever the Price of the Bushel of Wheat shay be: Provided always,

thr Price of , That infecting and alter t lining the time, such Courts, or Person or Persons respectively, duly, ohfcrv? the.

Wheat may be,; Proportions of the several 'Fables contained in the said Acts, according to tho Uue intent and Meting of

the Schedule to this Act annexed. . , , . , . »

tiit recited A£U being observed according to the intent of the annexed Schedule.

II. 4 Ad

^.ooooie

