348 C. 55, 56. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III* A.D. 1800*

39 Geo.

c. no.

CAP. LVa

An ASt to amend so much of an A&, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the Aug-

mentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in Weslmtnfter Halt, and also of

the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Judiciary, and Barons of Exchequer in

Scotland, as relates to the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session, Judiciary, and

Exchequer in Scotland. [20th June 1800.]

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen upon the Construction of an A&, made in the last Session of Par-

liament* intituled, an Act for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges in the Courts in Weft-

minster Hall; and also of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Justiciary, and Barons of Exchequer

in Scotland; and for enabling his Majesty to grant Annuities to Persons in certain Offices in the said Courts f

Westminster Hall, on their Kefignation of their reffective Offices; so far as relates to the Lord President

of the Court of Scfliop, the Lord Chief Baron, the Lora Justice Cleric, the Lords of Session, Lords

Commissioners of Justiciary, and Barons of Exchequer in Scotland May it therefore please your Majesty

that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, there Dial! be ifliiedj paid,

and apolied in every Year, out of the Monies that shall arise from any of the Duties and Revenues in that

Part ot Great Britain called Scotland, which, by several Acts made in the seventh and tenth Years of the Reign

of Queen Anne, were charged or made chargeable with the Payment of the Ijees, Salaries, and other Charges

allowed, or to be allowed by her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, for keeping up the Courts of Session,

Justiciary, and Exchequer in Scotland, to the Judges after mentioned, so much Money as will make up

their respective Salaries to the annual Sums herein-afeer mentioned; videlicet; to the Lord President of the

Court of Session three thousand Pounds; to each of the other Lords of Session, who is not Lord Justice

Clerk, or a Lord Commissioner of Justiciary, one thousand two hundred Pounds; to the Lord Justice

Clerk, two thousand four hundred Pounds; to each of the other Lords of Session, who are Lords Cora-

missioners of Justiciary, one thousand seven hundred Pounds; to the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of

Exchequer, three thousand Pounds; and to each of the other Barons of the Court of Exchequer, one

thousand two hundred Pounds; which said Sums of Money, to be issued in pursuance of this AdLimll from

Time to Time, from thenceforth, be payable and paid Quarterly, clear from all Taxes and Deduction*

whatever; the first Payment to be made on the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred.

Salaries to be payable Quarterly, from July 5,1800.

The respective

Salaries to be

increased to the

following

Amount, viz.

lord President

30001. Lords

of Session (not

being Lord

Justice Clerk,

or Commission-

ers of Justi-

eiary) 1200L

Lord Justice

Clerk 2400I.

Lords of Sef-

fion (being

Commissioners

of Justiciary)

1700L Lerd Chief Baron 3000I. The other Barons 1&00L

Where Money

under die Con-

iroul of* a Court

of Equity, Sec.

/ball be (ubject

CAP. LVL

An Act for Relief of Persons entitled to entailed Estates to be purchased with Truffi

Monies. [20th June 180c.]

TT WHEREAS by the Practice of Courts of Equity, in Cafes in which Money under the Coutrou!

of such Courts is subject to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands, to be limited to Uses capable of

being barred by Fine, the said Courts direct such Money to be paid to the Party or Parties who could by

Fine bar the Uses to which such Lands, in ease the (amc had been purchased, would have been limited,.

and do not require or compel the actual Invert ment of such Monies in the Purchase of Lands, notwith-

4 (landing other Persons might take Estates or Interests therein, if the fame were purchased, and beenti*

4 tied to hold such Estates or Interests until such Fine was actually levied: And whereas nevertheless, where

4 Money under the Controul of the said Courts is subject to be inverted in the Purchase of Lands, to belimited.

4 toUfes not capable of being barred by Fine, but capable of being, barred by Recovery, the said Courts, ac-

4 cording to the Practice thereof, refuse to direct the fame to be paid to the Party or Parties who, in ede

4 such Lands had been purchased, could by Recovery have barred all the Uses to which the fame would have

4 been limited, and require and compel {he a<ftual Investment of such Monies in a Purchase or Purchases of

4 some Lands; and such last mentioned Practice is attended with great Inconvenience and Expence to the

4 Party or Parties who by a Recovery could bar the Uses to which such Lands are to be limited when, pur-

4 chafed, and the Interest and Benefit of others who might take Estates barrable by such Recovery when*

4 suffered, is not according to such last mentioned Practice materially promoted or secured, and it may,

4 therefore be expedient to alter such Practice: And.whereas it may also be expedient to provide some satis-

4 fadtory and summary Proceeding, whereby Trustees possessed of Money subject to be laid out in Lands,.

4 may be requ ired in proper Cafes to pay such Money to the Parties entitled, and under this Act* to’become.

4 entitled to receive the same be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with*

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the patting of this Act, in all Cafes

where Money, under the Controul of any Court of Equity, or of or to which any Individuals as Truf-

tecs are posseiied or entitled, shall be subject to be invested in the Purchase of Freehold or Copyhold Here-

ditaments, or both, to be settled upon any Person or Peribnsj. in such. Manner that it would be competent

& . i*

