A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. C. z, 2. 539

this Kingdom, to permit the Exportation of Rice, then it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty*

by his Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, to be issued by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, or

by his Majesty’s Order in Council, to be published in the London Gazette from Time to Time, to permit

gnd suffer all and every Person and Persons, Natives and Foreigners, (but not any particular Person or Per-

sects,) at any Time or Times after the passing of this Act, to export any Rice from this Kingdom; any

Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the first Day of November one Continuance of

thousand eight hundred and one, and may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be passed Act t,a Nov'

in this present Session of Parliament, 1 01 ’

CAP. II.

An Ato authorize his Majesty from Time to Time, to

Provisions or Food,

prohibit the Exportation of

[24th November 1800.]

IT WHEREAS the public Safety may require temporary Rcftraints on the Exportation of all or any

9 VV Sort of Provisions or Visual whatever, or any Articles used as Food for Man May it therefore

please your Majesty that it may be er.acted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice ?nd Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-

liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by Order

in Council from Time to Time, to prohibit, for a Time to be limited in such Order, either generally or

particularly, and by Name or Description, the Exportation from this Kingdom of all or any Sort of Pro-

vision or Vuftual, or any Article or Articles whatsoever used or which may be used as Food by Man,

under such Restrictions and Regulations as his Majesty in Council shall think proper, and in like Manner

from Time to Time to recall such Order in Part, or in the Whole, or make such Alteration therein as he

Hull think proper.

II. And be it further enacted, That all such Provision, Victual, and every Article of Food whatsoever,

included in his Majesty's Order, which shall be afterwards exported, transported, carried or conveyed, or

laden or laid on board of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in order to be exported, transported, carried, or con-

veyed, out of this Kingdom contrary to such Order, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by

any Officer or Officers of the Customs; and all and every Person or Persons offending therein shall forfeit

treble the Value of such Provisions or Food respectively, as shall be so exported, transported, carried, or

conveyed out of this Kingdom, or laden or laid on board of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, for that Purpose; and

such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, together with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall

be forfeited, and the fame shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs.

His Majesty

may, from

Time to Time,

by Order in

Council, prohi-

bit the Exporta-

tion of any Ar-

ticle used as

Food by Man*

Any such pro-

hibited Article

exported, or

laid on boird

any Vessel for

such Purpose,

shall be for-

feited, and the

Offender shall

forfeit treble the

Value, and the

Vessel, Ac. may be seize^.

€t Penalties may be recovered as under the Laws of Customs [See #4> of c. i. of thh Session.] § 3.”

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, and such

Orders, or any Thing therein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit at any

Time the Exportation or carrying out of such and so mtech of any such Provisions, Victuals, and other

Articles of Food, as shall be necessary to be carried in any Ship or Vessel on its Voyage out and Home, for

the Sustenance, Diet, and Support of the Commander, Matter, Mariners, Passengers, and others, or for the

Use and Sustenance of the Cattle, Live Stock, or other Animals, on board of such Ship or Vessel; or for

vi&Balling or providing any of his Majesty’s Ships of War, or other Ships or Vessels in his Majesty's Ser-

vice; or for victualling or providing any of his Majesty’s Forces, Forts, or Garrisons; or to prohibit at

any Time the Exportation to the ttriujh Forts, Cafiles, or Factories in Africa^ or for the UL of British

Ships trading upon that Coast, which have usually been supplied with the fame from Great Britain; or to

prohibit at any T ime any Person or Persons from shipping or putting on board any Provisions, Vidluals,

or other Articles of Food as aforementioned to be carried Coastwise, (that is to say,) from any Port, Creek,

or Member, or Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain, to any other Port, Creek, Member, or Part of the

fame respectively; having such or the like Coast Sufferance, Cocquet, or other Coast Dispatch for that Pur-

pose, and on such and the like Security being given for the landing and discharging the fame, as now is or

hereafter may be, by any Law or Laws, Act or Acts, required in relation to the carrying coastwise any

Corner other Articles, or any Goods Wares,or Merchandizes.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be

construed to extend, to prevent Evidence from being received to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of his

Majesty’s Customs in England and Scotland respectively, in case any Ship or Vessel shall be under Seizure by

any Officer or Officers of the Customs for having any Provision or Vidhial, or other Articles of Food as

aforesaid, on board, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of any such Order of his Majesty as aforesaid,

or to prevent Evidence from being received in any Suit or Information brought for the Forfeiture ftf any

Ship or Vessel for or on account of any such Provision or Victual, or other Articles of Food as aforesaid

being on board, in Older to (how, from the Smallness of the Quantity of such Provision or Victual, or other

Articles of Food as aforesaid, that the fame was on board such bhip or Vessel without the Knowledge and

Privity either of the Owner or Master, or other Person having the Charge and Command thereof, and

without any wilful Neglect or Default of reasonable Care in the Discharge of the Duty of such Owner,

Master,or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel; and in every such Cafe,

3 Z 2 ‘ where

This Act and

such Orders

(ha 1 not extend

to certain Cafes.

Act shall not

prevent Evi-

dence being

received to

prove, from the

Smallness of the

Quantify, that

the fame was

on bo~.rd with-

out the Know-

ledge of the

M a tier, Ac.

[6v c 1. cf this

Sejpont $ 3.J

