49*

V

Rates.

How paid.

Exceptions.

Skips laden

with Tobacco

Rice (not the

Product of the

Ead or Weft

Indies) Wine

or Urandy, to

unload their

Cargoes at the

Docks.

Vt.Tels hiving

on t*o:ird not

more than 20

Pipe* ot Wine,

01 100 Barrels

of Ric?—not

comptl.abic to

go into the

Duties.

C.xlvii. Anno 39* & 40° Georgiy III. A.D.1800«

circulated in London, there shall be payable and paid to the said Company, or to their Collectors or De-

puties, for their Use, for every Ship or Vessel on entering into the said Basons, Docks, or Cuts, or any or

either of them, by the Masteror Commander, Owner or Owners, of every such Ship or other Vessel, the

several Rates or Duties, according to the Register Tonnage of the said Ship or Vessel herein-after particu-

larly rated and defer ibed'; (that is to say), ,

First Clafs—For every Ship or Vessel, including Colliers trading Coastwise between the Port of London-

and any Port or Place in Great Britain, Orkney, Shetland\ or the Western Blands of Scotland, for every

Ton, one Shilling.

Second Clafs—To or from Ireland, the Isle of Man, Guernsey, Jersey, the Coastof France, from JJJhant

to D unkirk, the Coast of Flanders, Holland, Germany, and Denmark, from- Dunkirk to below Elfineur to

the North Cape, for every Ton, one Shilling and three Pence.

Third Clafs—To or from Elfineur^ and to and from all Ports and Places whatsoever in the Balticky Arch-

angel, Onega, and all Ports and Places to the Eastward of the North Cape, for every Ton, one Shilling and

Sixpence.

Fourth Clafs—To or from France to the Southward of UJhant, the Coasts of Spain and Portugal to the

Northward of Cape Saint Vincents, Newfoundland, Madeira, the Canaries, the Azores, for every 1 on, one

Shilling and nine Pence.

Fifth Class —To or from all Ports or Places in Europe to the Southward of Cape Saint Vincents, all Ports

and Places within the Mediterranean, Africa, North America, South America, the Southern Whale Fish-

ery, Hudjon's Bay, for every Ton, two Shillings.

Sixth Clafs—To or from all Ports or Places in the East Indies\ China, Perjia, and to and from all other

Ports or Places whatsoever not herein-before named, for every Ton, two Shillings and Sixpence.

Also, for every Article of Merchandize, whether subject to any Duty of Customs or not, and which shall

be landed within the Dock Premises, there shall be collected and paid a Rate or Duty, not exceeding the

Rate or Charge heretofore usually paid in the Port of London, for landing, loading, and housing of every

such Article, during the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

Also, For every Article of Merchandize, whether subject to any Duty of Customs or not, and which

shall be shipped within the Dock Premises, there shall be collected and paid a Rate or Duty, not exceeding

the Rate or Charge heretofore usually paid in the Port of London, for shipping of every such Article, during

the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

Which Rates and Duties shall be and are hereby vested in the said Company, as their own proper Monies,

and to and for their qwn proper Use and Behoof 5 and shall be paid at the Time of such Ship’s or other Vef*

fel’s Entry Inwards or Clearance Outwards.

LX. Provided a) ways, and be it enacted, That all Lighters and Craft entering into the Docks, Basons,

or Cuts, to discharge or receive Ballad or Goods to or from on board any Ship or Ships, shall be exempted

fronvany Rates or Duties.

Manner of recovering Rates. $. 61. [Thefame as under § 139 of 39 Geo. III. Cap. Ixix.]—Perfbns elud-

“ ing the Payment, to continue chargeable. j 62. [Thefame as under f 140 of 39 Geo. III. Cap. Ixix.]—

u Tonnage or Admeasurement of Ships to be ascertained by the Ship’s Register; or in case of Dispute,

c< then according to § 14. of 26 Geo. III. Ca{>* 60. § 63. Collectors, &c. to have Access to Registers of Ships

4< at the Custom House. $64. Power to Collectors to measure, fsV. Ships and Vessels. Penalty on any

“ Person obstructing such measuring, iAe* 10I. besides the Rates. § 65. Custom House Officers not to

u discharge any Vessel before Duties paid, § 66. [tfi under § 144 of 39. Geo. III. Cap. Ixix.]”

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That, for and during the Term of twenty-one Years, commencing

from and next ensuing the Time when the said Dock or Docks, Quays or Wharfs, to be made and bu lt by

the said Directors as aforesaid, shall be so far completed as to be tit and ready for the Reception of Ships

and Landing of Goods, aH Ships and Vessels arriving in the said Port of London for Discharge, and laden

with Tobacco, or with Rice not the Produce of the East or IVefl Indies, or laden with Wine or Brandy

not imported in Ships from the East or IVefl Indies, shall unlade and land the Whole of their respective

Cargoes within some or One of the said Docks, or on the Quays or Wharfs belonging thereto ; and the

Duties which shall be payable to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in respect of the said Car-

goes, shall be ascertained at such Quays or Wharfs, and not elsewhere; and in case any such Goods or

Merchandize shall at any Time or Times thereafter be landed in any other Place or Places than the said

Quays or Wharfs, such Goods or Merchandize shall be forfeited to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-

cetiors, and shall or may be lawfully seized accordingly by any of the Officers of the Customs or Excise, and

disposed of according to Law ; and theOwner or Owners or Mailer of any such Ship or Vessel shall for

cvry such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, tobe recovered inlike Manner as other

Penalties herein-after mentioned.

LX VIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That if any such Ship or Vessel shall not have oq

board more than twenty Pipes of Wine or Brandy, or of forty Hogsheads of either, or a Quantity of either

not exceeding twenty Pipes or forty Hogsheads, or if any such Ship or Vessel shall not luve on board more

than fifty Barrels or one hundred Half Barrels of Rice, then and in every such Cafe, such Ship or Vessel

shall not be comptiled or compellable to unload or discharge such Wine, Brandy, or Rice, within the said

Docks, but may unload or discharge the fame at any other Place or Places within the Port of London± any

Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding*

LXIX. Pro.

