62

C. i8,19, 20* Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

CAP. XVIII.

» 1

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand fevcirliundred and ninety-nine. [3,000,000/.] [?th March 1799.]

44 Commissioners of the Treasury may raise 3,000,000/. by Loans and Exchequer Bills, before May

44 as under the Malt A£h § t, 2. Exchequer Bills so issued not to be received again in Payment of any

44 Taxes; nor exchanged before July 5, 1799. $ 3. Principal and Interest, with Charges, to be repaid out

44 of certain Instalments, on any Loan of this Session. or on 39 Geo. III. Cap. 13.; ^and if the

44 Instalments paid before November 20, 1799, he inefficient,^ to be charged on the Consolidated

44 Fund. S 4* Monies so issued to be replaced out of the first Supplies. § 5. Bank of England authorized

44 to advance the said Sum on the Credit of this A 3$ not with (landing the A&. $ & 6 GuL & Maria, i

44 Cap. 20. or 38 Geo. HI. Cap. 1. (§ 3.)—§ 6.”

CAP. XIX.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, until the twenty-fifth Day of

March one thousand eight hundred.—[21ft March 1799.]

CAP. XX.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion ; and for the better Payment of the Army*

and their Quarters.—[21 ft March 1799.] 1

44 Number of Forces 52,051 including 5766 Invalids. § 1.”

Emergency the * ,^LVI. 4 And whereas it may sometimes become necessary, in Cafes jof Emergency*, to provide proper^and

Secretary at

W ar, by Order

of his Majesty, ... * # , w w __________

may authorize a 4 it is expedient that Provision should be made for enforcing prompt Obedience to such Orders as his Ma«.

General or Field jesty may \n fucjj Cafes think fit to.issue in pursuance of the Powers by Law veiled in him for the Advance-

* ment General Good and Publick Welfare of the Realm ;* be it therefore further enacted by the Au-

reral of Stores * thority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by his Order, distin£Uy dating that such Cafe of

and Provisions, Emergency doth exist, signified by the Secretary at War for the Time being to any Generator Field Officer

to require _ commanding his Majesty’s Forces in anyX)iftrid or Place, or to the Commissary General of Stores and Pro-

visions at Home, to authorize such General or Field Officer or Commissary General as aforesaid, by Writing

under his Hand, reciting such Order of his said Majesty, to require all Justices of the Peace within their

several Counties. Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Liberties, and Precin£ls in England, Wales, and Town of Ber-

wick upon Tweed, to ifl’ue his or their Warrant or Warrants for any of the Purposes herein-after mentioned

and such Justice or Justices shall, when and as often as such Requisition in Writing as last mentioned shall be

brought and shewn unto any one or more of such Justices, by the Quarter Master, Adjutant, or other Officer

of the Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company, so ordered to be conveyed, or by any Officer in the

Department of the said Commissary General, to issue out his or their Warrant or Warrants to the Constables,

or Petty Constables, of the County, Division, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred, and Precin£l, from, through,

near, or to which such Regiment, Detachment, Troop,or Company shall be so ordered to be conveyed, re-

quiring them to make such Provision not only of Waggons, Wains, and Carts kept by or belonging to any*

Person or Persons, and for any Use or Purpose whatsoever, but also of Saddle Horses, Coaches, Chaises, ana

other Four-wheeled Carriages usually let to hire, or kept for that Purpose; and also of Boats, Barges, and other

Vessels, used for the Carriage of Coals, Stone, Lime, Manure, or of Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, of

any other Articles or Commodity whatsoever, upon any Canal or Navigable River, with able Men and Horses

to drive,* navigate, and draw the fame, as shall be mentioned in the said Warrant or Warrants, therein spe-

*hlnr> nCCifyin|K cifYin8 Place or Distance iq which such Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels and Men shall

the Dtitance go and be conveyed; and allowing such Constables sufficient Time to make such Provision, that the neighbouring

ram may not always bear the Burthen; and in case such sufficient Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, or other

Vessels, and Men, cannot be provided within any such County, Riding, Division, Hundred, City, Liberty,

or Precincl,then the next Justice or Justices of the Peace of the next County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty^

or Precinct, shall, upon such Requisition in Writing as last aforesaid being brought or shewn to any one

or more of them, by any of the Officers aforesaid, issue his or their Warrant or Warrants to the Constables,

or Petty Constabks, of such next County, Riding, City, Liberty, Division, Hundred, or Precinct, for the

Purposes last aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency; ana the aforesaid Officer or Officers who, by virtue of the

aforesaid Warrantor Warrants from the Justice or Justices of the Peace, are to demand the Carriages, Horses,

Boats, Barges, or other Vessels therein mentioned, of the Constable, or Petty Constable, to whom the said

Warrant or Warrants shall be directed, is and are hereby required at the fame Time to pay down in Hand

to the said Constable, or Petty Constable, for the Use of the rerfon or Persons who shall provide such Car-

riages, Horses, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, and Men, such reasonable Sum and Sums of Money as the

_______ _ said Justice or Justices shall in and by his or their said Warrant or Warrants order and drre£l, not exceeding

ufuai Rates', but the usual Rate and Hire of such and the like Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, and Men,

making no Ai- according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each particular Cafe, but making no Allowance for

Jowance for PoDt

Post Horses,

Justices to issue

Warrants for

providingSaddle

Horses and

Four-wheeled

Carriages, let to

Hire, and also

Vessels used in

Canals or Navi-

gable Rivers,

with Men and

Horses, for the

Conveyance of

Soldiers and

Baggage.

Justices, on Re-

quisition, to

IflTue Warrants

for providing

*bcy are to go.

Officers de-

manding them,

to pay down to

the Constable,

Ac. for their

Hire such Sumo

as the Justices

shall direct, not

exceeding the

