xxx The TITLES of

cion, in the Parish of All Saints Hertford, in the Cofinty of

Hertford.

4°. An Act for vesting the Manor of Moreton, and divers

Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments in Alcrelon in the

C< unty of Stafford, devised by the Will of Sir I Villi am

I Vo I ft’icy Baronet, deccaftd, in Trustees,*to be sold, and

for the Application of the Monty to arise from such

Sale, and for other Purpolts.

4*. An Act for vetting Part of the settled Estates of Richard

JVood Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out

the Monies in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled

in Lieu thereof, to the same Uses, and for other Purposes.

42. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Com-

mons and Wnfte Grounds within thtrParish of Little Plum-

Shad in the County of Norfolk*

43. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

Fields and Waste Ground within the Township of

J/olmpton, in the Parishes of Hoimpton and Hollym cum

Withernfea, in Holderness, in the Ealt Riding of the County

of York.

44. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Meadows, and Waste Lands in the Parish of

Newark upon Treaty in the County of Nottingham.

45. An Act for dividing* allotting, and inclosing the several

Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Wastes, in the

Vills or Hamlets of High Eghrough, Low Eghrough, Sher-

wood, Hut green, and Tranmoor, in the Parish of Kellington,

in the Welt Riding of the County of York,

46. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

Common Fields, Ings, Marshes, Common, Commonable

Lands, t:nd Waste Grounds within the Manor and Town-

ship of Carlton in the Parish of Snaith, and the Manor and

Township of Camhlesforth, in the Parish of Drax, in the

Weft Riding of the County of York*

47. Aw Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Com-

mons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Sprowston

in the County of Norfolk.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing Noman's Moor, other-

wife Norman's Moor, within the North Riding of the

County of York.

49. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Com-

mons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Town-

1 ship of Thurjhrdand, in the Parish of Kirkburton,’ in the

Weft Riding of the County of York.

50. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

and Common Fields, Common Downs, Commons, and

Waste Lands in the Parish of IVinterhorne Stickland> in the

County of Dorset, and for extinguishing the Tithes in the

same Parish.

51. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other

Commonable Lands and Grounds, and aho the Waste

Lands and Grounds, within the several Parishes of Ha?1-

u orth, Feltham, and Sunbury, in the County of Middle-

JtXm

52 An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving,

the Open Arable Fields, Stinted Pastures, Common Paf-

tures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Town-

ship of Kear by, other wile Kirk by, other wise Kirby-cum-

Ncthcrby, in the Parish of Kirkby-Overblow, in the Weft

Riding of the County of York.

53. An Act for d viding, allotting, and inclosing the several

Commons and Waste Lands in the Manors and Town-

ships of Hah and Hale wood, in the Parish of Childwall, ir

the County Pa’atine of Lane after.

54. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

Fields, Pastures, Wastes, and other uninclosed Lands and

Grounds, in the Parish of Braceborough, in the County of

the STATUTES.

Lincoln, and for making Compensatiun for the Tithes with-

in the same Parish.

55. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

Common Fields, Lammas Lands, Commons, Heaths,

Moors, and Waste Lands, within the Paiifh of Iver, in

the County of Buckingham.

36. An Act to enable fujlinian Kerry Esquire, and his Issue,

to take the Surname and Arms of Ekins only* pursuant to4 \

the Will of JuJlinian Ekins Esquire, dc-ctafed.

57. An Act to enable the Trustees therein named, to repair

the new Bridge over the River Avon, from the City of Bath,

to the Manor'of Bathwick, and to raile a sufficient Sum for

that Purpose by a Charge on the Trull Estates of the late

General Pultency, or to apply in that Manner certain Sums

which m3y be payable to the said Trust Kftates from the

Company of Proprietors of the Kennet and Avon Canal

Navigation.

$8. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Sef-

fion in Scotland to fell such Part or Parts of the entailed

Estate of Blair hall and others, in the Counties of Fife and

Perth, Belonging to Mistress Ann Ranalfon Dickson, Wife

of fames Ranaldfpn Die If on, of Blair hall, Esquire, as

shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts and Provisions

to younger Children afteding the fame.

59. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parishes of

Exton and Cottefmore with Barrow, in the County of Rut*

land, and for extinguishing the Tythes in those Parishes.

60. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain

Heath Lands, and Open and Common Fields, Common

Pastures, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of

Cajfington, in the County of Oxford, and in the Hamlet of

Worton, otherwise Workton, within the said Parish.

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Meacjows,

Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the

Parish’ of South Hykeham, in the County of Lincoln, and

for making Compensation to the Rector of South Hykeham

aforesaid,in Lieu of the Tithes of all the Titheable Lands

within the same Parish*

62. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and

other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the

Parish of Guilden Mordcn, in the County of Cambridge.

63. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several

Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common

Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, ancJ a Trad of

Heath Land, within the Parish of Enjhatn, in the County

of Oxford.

64. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and

Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Com-

monable Places, within the Parish of Holywell with Need-

ingworth, in the County of Huntingdon.

65. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Half

Year or Shack Lands, Warrens, Commons, Heaths, Com-

monable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes

of Horsford, Horjham Saint Faith's and Hamlet of Newton

Saint Faith's, in rhe County of Norfolk.

66. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and

Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Com-

monable Places, within the Parish of Elsworth in the County

of Cambridge.

67. An Act tar dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-

mons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Township

of Inburchworth, in the Parish of Peni/lonc, in the Weft

Riding of the County of York.

68. An Act for confirming and establishing the Division and

Inclosure of a certain Common, or Parcel of Waste Land,

called Seif ton For eft, otherwise The Long Forest, w thin the

6 Townships

