59° C. 28—31. Anno  quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Such Mort^e the purpose cf redeeming any such Land Tax in the first Instance: Provided always. That the said Mort-

pafd undtr Or! Ea2e Money shall not Pilld into the l3ank of England, but shall, under the Order of the Commissioners

deroftheCom- W!i() ‘\ave authorized the Mortgage, be paid to the Per (bn or Persons entitled to the Benefit thereof,

missioners who whose Receipt or Receipts, in pursuance of such Order, shall as fully and effectually discharge* the Mortgagee

author.zed tnc or Mortgagees as the Receipt or Receipts of the CaQfter of the Bank of England would have done, in case

thM'eifons^n ^a,Tle been paid into the Bank pursuant to the Directions of the former Acts; but the Remainder

titled^to the " °'fty (‘f any) of such Mortgage Money shall, in pursuance of such Order, be paid into the Bank of

Benefit thereof, England to the fame Account, and shall be applied in the same Manner, and the Cashiers of the Bank, or

and the Rc- one of them, are or is hereby required to give a Receipt for the fame, and to cause the fame to be inverted

maimicr paid in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, as if the whole Mortgage Money bad

into tie Bank. been pajj jmo Lhe Bank of England in pursuance of the said Acts.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for further continuing, until the first Day of August one thousand eight hundred and seven, an Act

made in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Pre-

vention and Punijkment cf Attempts to fedure Persons Serving in his Majesty's Forces by Sea or Lund front

their Duty and Allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite them to Alutiny or Disobedience.

[31ft December 1S00.]

41 37 Geo. 3. c. 70. [continued by 38 Geo• 3. c. 6. 39 Geo. 3. r. 4. 39 and 40 Geo. 3. cc. 9. i6.J further

44 continued until August 1, 1807.” 4

CAP. XXX.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, in-

tituled, An Act jfortrefting a Lazaret on Chetney Hill in the County of Kenr, and for

reducing into one Act the Laws relating to , and for making further Pro-

vision therein, as far as regards the Payment of the Tonnage Duty in the Islands of

Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man. [31ft 'December i8co.j

* rT'0 remove all Doubts whether Ships or Vessels arriving in the Islands of fifty, ,

• JL Sark) or Man, which shall have to perform Quarantine, shall be liable to the fame Tonnage Duty

4 as by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for erefiing a Lazaret on Chet-

39 8c 40 Geo. 5. C ney Hill in the County of Kent, and for reducing into one Att the Laws relating to Quarantine) and for

c, 80. 4 making father Provision therein, are imposed upon Ships and Vessels so arriving in this Kingdom;’ be

it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same*

From January That, from and afte* the fifth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, there shall be raised,

S> 1801, there levied, collected, and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several and respective Duties of

dlbCheV ed Customs per Ton Burthen, which are in the said Act imposed on Ships and Vessels so arriving in this

ehe^Act the Kingdom, upon all Ships and Vefltls which shall so arrive in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey% Alderncrf

fame Duties of Sarky or Man, in like Manner in every Respect whatsoever, as if the said Islands had been mentioned in

Customs on the said Act for that Pur pole; and such Tonnage Duties may be reduced, and may again be raised and

Vessels arriving increased, and shall be collected, paid, recovered, accounted for, and applied, in the same Manner as the

r Tonnage Duties imposed by the said Act: Provided always. That the Owner of every such Ship or Vcf-

on*Vciiris*ar- * fel may demand and receive the just and reasonable Contribution on the Goods imported therein, in the

riving in tfii* Manner prescribed by the said Act.

Kingdom.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments;

and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qua-

lificat ons within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes,

until the twenty-tilth Day of December one thousand eight hundred and one; to indemnify Members and

Offices, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be

damped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them,

until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand eight hundred and one, to provide Admissions duly

stamped ; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution ol Inden-

tuus of Clerks to Auornits and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the first Day of

Ai chaclmas Term one thousand eight hundred and one ; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and

Olfictrs 01 the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Deiicriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks

of u»c 1 wee within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Pur pole,

uiu i .he hid Day of September one thousand eight hundred and one* [3*^ December 1800.J

CAP.

