Names of Sub-

feribers to the

- Capital of

50o,cooL

234 P. lxix. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1790,

4 said Port, and the West India Produce might be effectually secured from Loss by Theft, or other causes,

and the Publick Revenue greatly benefited; and it is therefore expedient that such Docks, with Legal

4 Quays and Wharfs, and Warehouses attached thereto, and other Works and Conveniencies for the Use

of Ships and Veffete employed in the West India Trade, should be forthwith made and established: And

4 whereas the several Persons next herein-after named have agreed to be original Membersof and to form a

Company for that Purpose, jointly with such other Persons as shall hereafter become original Members

thereof, and have entered into a Subscription towards railing the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds,as

4 a Capital, or Joint Stock or Fund, for carrying into Execution and completing the fame Works and

4 Improvements herein-after more particularly mentioned:’ Be it therefore further enabled. That, from

and after the passing of this Act, William Chi fool me, Neill Malcolm, John DeJJell, George Hibbert, John

Wedderburn, William Lushington, Robert Milligan, Henry Davidjon, Joseph Timperon, James Johnjhnr

Thomas Plummer, David Lyon, George Hanbury Mitchell, William Knox, Jane Wilfm, John Blakefey,

Charles Bartrum, Thomas Gowland, Philip Deh any, George Turner, Phi/p Wyatt Crczvther, Timothy

Tyrrell, Joseph Bujhnan, Peter Dollond, John boilond, David Mitchell, Samuel Smith, Charles Graham,

William Anderson, Richard Lee, Fitzherbert Richards, James Foot, Philip Grubb, Thomas Baker, John

Strother Ancrum, James Thomas, Charles Werg Clark, Josiah Hind ham, William Clu low, Henry Sutton,.

John Willis, Henry I Vi liman, Thomas Poynder, Robert Taylor, James Cooper, Grant Allan, Henry Arther-

ton, Thomas Jamcjor, John Hartfhorne, Chalie, William Murray, Thomas Laughton, John For dree,

Thomas Burne, William UJher, Thomas Goodall, Henry Maynard, Jonah Smith Wells, William Child,

David Gordon, John Latham, William Ho Jon, John Peat, John Gray Gerard, William Dodds',

Henderfin, Thomas Gordon, Edward Taylor, Thomas Hu Joan, Henry Whits, William Graham, Thomas

Mills, Jarvis Chambers, William Langston, Benjamin Fuller, Samuel Potter, Henry Thomjon, Joseph Earle,

Samuel Kent, John Mount, James Inglish Keighley, John Currie, Francis Thwaits, Ralph Walker, Robert

Maitland, Sir Francis Ford Baronet, Sollery, John Hardy, William ChrijFie, William Liddell, Daniel

Mildred, Isaac Blight, William Agnew, Norri/on Cover dale, Benjamin Granger, Robert Wtgram, Gabriel

Gillett, Thomas Rower oft, John Lloyd, Stephen Smith Ward, Thomas Mofcs, Samuel Young, Hugh Mair,

John Richard Ripley, Edward Hyde East, JamesThotnfon, George Smith, John Smith, Joseph Stonard, Richard

Ryland, William Breeze, Claude Scott, Samuel Scott, Andrew Johnson, Thomas Hall, Barnabas Campbell',

Robert Lowrey, Clarke Hitchcpck, Joseph Hankey, Thomas Bing ley, Luke Hall, Nathaniel Wright, and ail

such other Persons as shall after the passing of this Act agree and be permitted by the present Subscribers, or

the major Part of them, to become and be original Members of the said Company, and to fuberibe toward*

raising the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, and their several Successors, Executors, Administrators,

and Assigns, and all and every other Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick and Corporate, who

shall, according to the Conditions and Restrictions herein-after set forth, be possessed of any Part or Share of

the Joint Stock of the said Company, their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and

Assigns, shall (so long as they shall hold the fame, and no longer) be, and they and their Successors, Execu-

tors, Administrators, and Assigns, (holding for the Time being Shares in the said Stock as aforesaid,) are

hereby declared to be united into a Company or Association of Proprietors of the Docks hereby authorized

and directed to be made, and of the Basons, Cuts, Quays, Wharfs, Warehouses, and other Works and Pre-

mises which shall belong thereto, or be held therewith; which Company shall be known by, and shall use the

Style or Firm of, The West India Dock Company, and shall have such Powers and Authorities as are herein-

after given to them.

44 Sum so subscribed to be considered as a Capital or Joint Stock. Stock to be deemed Personal Estate, and

44 transmiffible as such, and pass by Transfer in the Company’s Books. § 39. The Proprietors empowered

44 to fell and transfer their Stock. § 40. No Persons answerable for Demands on the Company beyond th§

44 Amount of their respective Stock. § 41. Company to pay five per Cent. as Interest or Dividends on ths

44 Monies subscribed, until the Docks and the Works which belong thereto, shall be completed, and after-

44 wards Interest or Dividends not exceeding ten Pounds per Centum, as may be determined on at General

44 Meetings. § 42. The Company may increase their Stock to 600,0001- by Consent of the Majority of

44 Proprietors at a General Meeting. § 43. [See $ 148.] The Company’s Directors empowered to audit

44 Accounts of Receivers; and to make Calls on the Proprietors, not exceeding ten per Cent. each Call to

44 be at the Distance of two Months from the preceding. Persons neglecting to comply with such Calls, to

44 forfeit five per Cent. and may be sued by the Company for their respective Shares; and if so neglecting

44 for three Calendar Months, may either be so sued, or, at the Option of five directors, shall forfeit all their

44 Share and Interest in the said Undertaking, in favour of Rest of the Proprietors. § 43. No Advantage of

44 any Forfeiture to be taken until Notice, nor unless the fame be declared forfeited at a General Meeting.

44 Persons so forfeiting indemnified against Actions subsequent thereto. § 43. Representatives of Proprieiois

44 dying before Call (no Provision being made by the deceased for the fame) charged therewith as Debts;

44 but on Refusal or Neglect to answer such Call, Company empowered to admit other Persons as Proprietors

44 in their Stead, on Repayment of all Monies advanced by such Deceased Proprietor. § 46. First Meeting

44 of the Company to be within thirty Days after passing the Ad, on publick Notice thereof in the Gazette

44 and other Newspapers. General Meetings to conlift oftwenty Proprietors at least, and to be within the

44 City of London. No Meeting to be held at less than ten Days from the Appointment thereof, and on

44 seven Days Notice, both Days inclusive. $ 47.”

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That within one Calendar Month next after the passing of this Act

the said Company shall, at their first or some subsequent Meeting, choose and appoint, by Ballot, thirteen

Persons of the Members of the foid Company, who shall be reipedively poillfted of at least two thousand

*4 Pounds

who, With tho

Person* here-

after to become

Cubscriben, are

lo be united into

a Company of

proprietors of

(he intended

Docks and their

Appurtenances,

*obt flvied, The

West India

Dock Company.

Appointment of

a 1 Directors of

(he said Com-

pany, and otthc

c.

