64

C. 20. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

shall, within four Days, but not sooner than twenty-four Hours, after such enlisting respectively, be carried

before the next Justice of the Peace of any County. Riding, City, or Place, or Chief Magistrate of any City

or Town Corporate, (not being an Officer in the Army,) and before such Justice or Chief Magistrate he or

they shall be at Liberty to declare his or their Dissent to such enlisting; and, upon such Declaration, and re-

turning the enlisting Money, and alfoeach Person so difienting paying the Sum of twenty Shillings for the

Charges expended or laid out upon him, such Person or Persons so enlisted shall be forthwith discharged and

set at Liberty, in the Presence of such Justice or Chief Magistrate; but if such Person or Persons shall refuse

or neglect, within the Space of twenty-four Hours, to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, he or they

shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted, as if he or they had given his or their Assent thereto before the said

Tuftice or Chief Magistrate; or if such Person or Persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily enlisted

himself or themselves, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to

read over, or in his own Presence cause to behead over to such Person or Persons the second and sixth

Se&ions of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, and to tender and administer to such Person

or Persons ref|)efltively, not only the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, but also the

Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A); and if such Person or Persons shall take

the said Oaths, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify

under his Hand the enlisting and swearing, together with the Place of the Birth, Age, and calling, if known,

of such Person or Persons, in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B);

and if any such Person or Persons, so to be certified, shall wilfully refuse to take the said Oath of Fidelity

before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, from whom he has

received-such Money as aforesaid, to detain or confine such Person or Persons until he or they shall take the

said Oath of Fidelity; and every Military Officer that shall ai\ contrary hereto, or offend herein, shall incur

the like Penalty and Forfeiture as is by this Act to be inflicted upon any Officer for making a false and untrue

Muster; and the Penalty and Forfeiture shall be levied and recovered in the same Manner as any Penalties

or Forfeitures are by this Act to be levied or recovered.

in Schedule (B). Such Persons refufmgtotake the Oath of Fidelity, maybe confined. Penalty on Officers acting contrary hereto.

LVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall receive

the Enlisting Money from any Officer, (knowing it to be such,) and shall abscond, or refuse to go before

, ceeded against such Justice or Chief Magistrate, in order to declare his Assent or Di (lent, as aforesaid; such Person or

as if duly cn- Persons shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and shall and may be

filled. proceeded against as if he or they had taken the Oath directed by this Act to be taken before such Justice or

Chief Magistrate.

A&t In Part, LXXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act, so far as relates to the Allowances to he

IFysVn made for the quartering of Soldiers, and providing for their Horses, or for the Provision of Carriages, Horses*

Cap. *6 1 ®oats> Barges, or other Vessels, and Men, may be altered and varied by any Act or Acts to be made in this

m gession of Parliament.

Magistrate, re-

turning the en-

lifting Money

and 20s. for

Charges.

Such Persons

not paying the

Money within

the limited

Time, to be

deemed to be

enlistedj in

which Cafe, or

if they.enlist,

the Justices to

read over to

them the second

and sixth Sec-

tions of the

Articles of War,

and to admini-

fter the Oath of

Fidelity, and

rthe Oath an-

nexed in Sche-

dule (A).

Justices to cer-

tify the Enlist-

ment in the Form

Persons refus-

SCHEDULE (A).

FORM OF OATH.

Ido make Oath, That I am by Trade a and, to the bed of my Knowledge

and Belief, was born in the Parish of in the County of and that I have no

Rupture, nor ever was troubled with Fits, and am no ways disabled by Lameness, or otherwise, but have

the perfect Use of my Limbs; that I am not an Apprentice, and that I do not belong to the Militia, or to

any other Regiment, or to his Majesty’s Navy or Marines. As witness my Hand at the

Day of one thousand seven hundred and ninety

Sworn before me at 7

this Day of 179 J

Witness present.

SCHEDULE (B).

FORM OF JUSTICE’S CERTIFICATE*

7 t A. B. one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace of (or Chief Magistrate of

to wit. J A,) certify. That C. D., aged Years Feet ‘ Inches high.

Complexion, Eyes, Hair, came before me at on the

Day of 179 and acknowledged that he had voluntarily enlisted himself to serve his Majesty

King George the Third, in the Regiment of commanded by And I further

certify. That, in my Presence, the second and sixth Se&ions of the Articles of War against Mutiny and

Desertion were read over to him, and that he took the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of

War, and also the Oath above let forth.

A\B.

Videlicet, the Oath mentioned in 7

the Schedule marked ( A). C

11 CAP.

