A. D. 18oev Anno 39* & 40® Oeorgii I1T. G, 28.,

r merly made for the Expences of his Majestfs Civil Government, and for Payment of Annuities formerly pur-

* chafd at the Rate of five Pounds per t entum, and for other Purposes in this Ati mentioned ;) the farther

4 Sum of four millions, secured to the find Governor and Company under and by virtue of another Act of

* Parliament, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty King George the First, intituled,

4 An Act to enable the South Sea Company to dispose of the Effects in their Hands by way of Lottery or Sub-

4 feription, or to fell Part of their Fund or Annuity, payable at the Exchequer, in order to pay the Debts of the

4 Jhid Company; and for Relief of such who are intended to have the Benefit of a late Afi, touching Payment of

4 ten per Centum, therein-mentioned ; the further Sum of one million seven hundred and fifty thousand

4' Pounds, secured to the said Governor and Company under and by virtue of another Act of Parliament,

4 made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled* An Act* for

4 granting an Aid to his Majesty by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England at four Pounds per Centum, r*-

4 deemable by Parliament, and charged upon the Duties on Coals and Culm ; and for further applying the Pro-

* duce of the Sinking Fund; and for enlarging the Time for exchanging Nevis and Saint Cnrifto'iher’s De-

4 bentures for Annuities at three per Centum, and for applying the Arrears of' his late Majesty's. Civil List Re-

4 venues; the further Sum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, secured to the said Go-

4 vernor and Company, under and by virtue of another Act of Parliament, made in the second Year of the

f Reign of his fa:«J late Majesty, intituled. An Act for raising the Sum of one million two hundred and fifty

4 thousand Pounds, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum

per Annum redeemable by Parliament, and for applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund ; and the further

4 Sum of nine hundred and eighty-six thousand eight hundred Pounds, secured to the said Governor and

4 Company, under and by virtue of another Act of Parliament, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of

his said late Majesty, int^tuled^/* Act for establifinng an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the

4 Bank of England, for cancelling certain Exchequer Bills upon the Terms therein mentioned; and for obliging

4 them to advance the Sum of one million upon the Credit of the Land Tax and Malt Duties, granted to his Ma~

f Jifly for Service of the Year one thousand [even hundred and forty six be it enacted. That at any Time,

upon twelve Months Notice, to be given after the first Day ot August which shall be in the Year of our

Lord one thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, and not before, ana upon Repayment by Parliament, to

the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, of the said Sum of three millions two hundred thousand

Pounds, without any Deduction, Discount, or Abatement whatsoever; and upon Payment to the said Gover-

nor and Company, and their Successors, of all Arrears of the said one hundred thousand Poundsprr Annum \

and also upon Repayment by Parliament to the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, of the said

further Sum of eight millions four hundred and eighty six thousand and eight hundred Pounds, together with

the Interestor Annuities payable thereon, or in relped thereofj and also upon Repayment of <fll the princi

pal Money and Interest which shall be owing unto the said Governor and Company, and their Successors,

upon all such Tallies, Exchequer Orders, Exchequer Bills, or Parliamentary Funds, which the said Gover-

nor and Company, or their Successors, shall have remaining in their Hands, or be entitled to at the Time of

such Notice to be given as aforesaid : tnen and in such Cafe, and not till then, the said yearly Fund of one

hundred thousand Pounds {hall eeafe and determine*.

XV. And to prevent any Doubts that may arise concerning the Privilege or Power given, by former

Acts of Parliament, to the said Governor and Company, of exclusive Banking, and also in regard to the

erecting any other Bank or Banks by Parliament, or restraining other Persons from Banking during the

Continuance of the said Privilege, granted to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as be

fore recited ; it is hereby further enacted and declared. That it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act,

that no other Bank shall b? erected, established, or allowed by Parliament; and that it shall not be lawful

for any B >dy Politick or Corporate whatsoever* erected or to be erected, or for any other Persons, united

or to be united in Covenants or Pannership, exceeding the Number of fix Persons, in that Part of Great

Britain called England, to borrow, owe, or take up, any Sum or Sums of Money on their Bills or Notes,

payable on Demand, or at any less Time than six Months from the borrowing thereof, during the Conti-

nuance of the said Privilege to the said Governor and Company ; who are hereby declared to be and re-

main a Corporation, with the Privilege of exclusive Banking, as before recited, subject to Redemption on

the Terms and Conditions before mentioned ; (that is to say,) on One Year’s Notice to be given after the

iirft Day of Au^uft one thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, and Repayment of the said Sum cf three

ihiilions two hundred thousand Pounds, and all Arrears of the said one hundred thousand Pounds per An-

num ; and a»so upon Repayment of the said Sum of eight millions four hundred and e ghty-six thousand and

eight hundred Pounds, and the Interest or Annuities payable tnercon or in relped thereof, and all the Prin-

cipal and Interest Money that shall be owing on all such Tallies, Exchequer Orders, Exchequer Bills, Par-

liamentary b unds, or other Government Securities, which the said Governor and Company, or their Sue—

ceflors, shall have remaining in their Hands, or be entitled to, at the Time of such Notice to be given as

aforesaid, and not otherwise ; any Thing in this Act, or any former Act or Acts of Parliament, to the con-

trary in anywise notwithstanding.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared. That any Vote or Resolution of the House of Com-

mons, signified by the Speaker of the said House in Writing, and delivered at the Publick Office of the said

Governor and Company, or their Successors* {hall be deeaned and adjudged to be a sufficient Notice, within

the Words or Meaning of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted. That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick

Ad; and judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices, or other Persons whatsoever, without specially

pleading the same.

q, CAP.

30*

8 Geo. i. c. 2ft

1 Geo. a. c.

z Geo. a. a 3^.

19 Geo.

At any Time

afttr Aug. 1,

1833, upon

twelve Months-

Notice, and re-

payment of the

said 3»2<jo,oooot4

and all Arrears

of the said

ico,ooool per

Annum ;

also tl.e Sum ot

8,486*8001. StCw

the said Yearlyj

Fund of

100,0001 shall’

ccafe*

No other flank*

shall be erected

by Parliament

during the

Continuance of

the fa;d Privi-

lege ;

nor shall any

Number of

Bankers in Parti

nership ex-

ceeding fix be

allowed.

Conditfons of

Redemption.

What shall be

deemed a fuffi—

cient Notice*

Publick A

