A.D. 1799. Anno trieefimb nono Georgii III. C. 47,48, 49. 113

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to continue,'until the fifth Day of July next, an Act, made in the present Session of Parliaments

Chapter Twenty-four, videlicet, on the twenty-fi^ft Day of March one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-nine, for continuing several Acts, made in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh and in the thirty-

eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for suspending the Operation of certain Acts, made in

the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negociation

of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain *

called England.—[ 13th June 1799-J

CAP. XL VIII.

An A6\ to continue, until the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an Acct,

passed in the present Session of Parliament, for continuing several Acts for allowing the Banks, and cer-

tain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a

certain Amount. — [ 13th June 1799-]

39 Geo. III. Gib. 25. recited, and continued till July e, 1709: but this Act may be altered this Session.

44 No Notes under 5 s. to be iiliied.”

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to extend the Bail to be given in Cafes of Criminal Information, in that Part of

Great Britain called Scotland.—[13th June 1799.]

T T WHEREAS by an A& of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the Year one thousand seven hundred Act of the Par-

■* and one, intituled, An Allfor preventing wrongous hnpr for inert, and against undue Delays in lament of

Trials, the Sums for which Bail was ordered to be taken in Criminal Informations were not to exceed fix Scotland 1701.

4 thousand Merks for a Nobleman, three thousand Merks for a landed Gentleman, one thousand Merks for

4 any other Gentleman and Burgess, and three hundred Merks for any other inferior Person, all Money of

4 Scotland: And whereas by an A&, made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King ixGeo. i.e. 1$.

4 George the First, intituled, An Act for more effectual disarming the Highlands in that Part qfGiziX Britain recited.

4 called Scotland, and for the betterSecuring the Peace and Quiet of that Part of the Kingdom; reciting, that

4 it was found, by Experience, that the Sums for which Bail is to be taken on any Criminal Information, in

4 pursuance of the said Act of the Parliament of Scotland, were too finall and disproportioned to the Danger

4 of the Criminals escaping from the Punishment appointed by Law, it was enacted. That, from and after

the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, it might and should be lawful to and

4 for all and every Magistrate, Judge, and Court of Judicature within Scotland, who by the said Act

4 above recited were, in case of Criminal Informations and Accusations, directed to limit the Bail by them

4 to be taken to the several and respective Sums above-mentioned, to extend the Bail to be given in the said

4 several and respective Cafes to double the Sums provided by the aforesaid A£^ if he or they, upon the

4 Circumstances of the Cafe, should think fit: And whereas it is again found by Experience, that the Sums

4 to which Bail was extended by the said last recited Act in Criminal Informations and Accusations, how-

4 ever adequate they may have been at this last Period to the general State of the Country, and to the Cir-

4 cumstances of Individuals, do no longer bear any suitable Relation thereto, and have become inefficient for ,

4 compelling Persons accused of Crimes to stand their Trials, and tend to render ineftectual and nugatory

the most salutary Laws, to bring into Contempt the Authority of the Magistrate, and to afford a Tempta-

4 tion and Facility to the Commission of Crimes: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be

4 enacted 5* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of*

jthe Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-

thority of the fame. That, from and after the passing of this Add, it shall and may be lawful to and for all Mag.flrates and

and every Magistrate, Judge, and Court of Judicature, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, ^oOandmay

who by the said last recited Act were, in Cafes of Criminal Informations and Accusations, directed to extend the Bail

limit the Bail by them to be taken ro double the Sums prov ided by the aforesaid Act of the Parliament of to be given in

Scotland, to extend the Bail to be given in the said several and respective Cafes, if he or they upon the Cir- Cafes of Cri-

cumstances of the Cafe shall think fit, to the several and respective Sums following; videlicet, to one theu- Iriforn«

fandtwo hundred Pounds Sterling fora Nobleman, six hundred Pounds Sterling for a landed Gentleman, sterling^orV

three hundred Pounds Sterling for any other Gentleman, Burgess, or Householder, and to sixty Pounds tfo» leman.

Sterling for any inferior Person. 6ooLfpr a

landed Gentleman, jcol. for any other Gentleman, Burgess, or Householder, and 60I. for an interior Person.

II. And whereas several Instances have lately occurred of disaffeCled Persons concerned in Societies of in Cafes where

4 a criminal Nature, when any of their Afiociates have been committed to Prison, subscribing the Sums

4 necessary for bailing such Persons, in order that, by Forfeiture of the Bail Bond?, they may evade a cTiarge'of °n

4 Trial and escape from Justice ;* be it therefore enacted, That in all Cafes where any Person shall in fu- sedition, any

ture bt imprisoned on a Charge of being guilty of the Crime of Sedition, if shall and may be lawful for Judge of the

the Judges of the Court of Justiciary, or any one of them, on an Application for that Purpose in the Name c.ourt of

of his Majesty V Advocate, to extend the Bail respectively herein dneded to be taken, beyond the Sum^ jic^io^iifthe

above specified, to such Amount as, under all the Cjrcumstances of the Cafe, the Court, or any Judge NLilcofhis0

39 Geo. III. thereof.

