1.52

C.

79-

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Not to ixtend

to Papers

printed by

Authority of Parliament,

XXVIII, Ar)d be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to

extend, to any Papers printed by the Authority and lor the Use of either House of Parliament.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That et'ery Person who, from and after the Expiration of forty Days

after the passing of this Act, shall print any Paper for Hire, Reward, Gain, or Profit, shall carefully pre-

serve and keep one Copy (at least) of every Paper so printed by him or her, on which he or she shall write,

or cause to be written or printed, in fair and legible Characters, the Name and Place of Abode of the Per-

son or Persons by whom he or she shall be employed to print the fame ; and every Person printing any Paper

for Hire, Reward, Gain, or Profit, who shall omit or ntgleftto write, or cause to be written or printed

as aforesaid, the Name and Place of his or her Employer on one of such printed Papers, or to keep or

.v, preserve the fame for the Space of six Calendar Months next after the Printing thereof, or to produce and

riiuVingTo p*». shew the fame to any Justice of the Peace, who, within the said Space of six Calendar Months, shall require

duce the Copy to fee the fame, shall, for every such Omifllon, Neglect, or Refiifel, forfeit and lofc the Sura of twenty

within six Pounds.

Months. ' 1.

IVinters shall

keep a Copy of

evuy l‘4jitr

tiny print, and

write thereon

the Name and

Ahrde of their

Employtr.

Penalty of aol.

for Neglect, or

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person, to whom or in whose Presence

any printed Paper, not having the Name and Place of Abode of any Person printed thereon, in Manner

herein-before directed, or having a fictitious or false Name or Place of Ab )de printed thereon, shall be

fold, or oftcied for Sale, or shall be delivered gratis* or offered so to be, or shall be passed, fixed, or left in

any publick Place, or in any other Manner exposed to publick View, to seize and detain the Persons so fel-

ling or offering to fell, or delivering or offering to deliver, or passing, fixing, or leaving in any publick Place,

or in any other Manner exposing to publick View, any such printed Paper as aforesaid, and forthwith to

take and convey him or her before some Justice of the Peace for the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division,

City, Borough, Town, or Place, where such Person shall be seized, or to deliver him or her to some Con-

stable or other Peace Officer, to be taken and conveyed before such Justice as aforesaid, to the Intent that

such Justice may hear and determine whether such Person hath been guilty of any Offence against this Act.

XXXI. Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall extend to the Impreftion of any En-

to impreifioM of graving, or to the printing by Letter *Prcfs, of the Name, or the Name and Address, or Business or Proses-

Xngrav.np, or ston^ ^any perfGn^ an(] Articles in which he deals, or to any Papers for the Sale of Estates or Goods by

Auction, or otherwise.

I’trfors felli n 5,

Jc;. any I’aper

without the

Name and

Abode of the

Printer, may be

taken before a

Justice to deter-

mine whether

they have

cfftncUd against:

this AO.

Not to extend

the printing

Names and

AddretTcs, &c. ;

nor toaitecany

Provisions re-

spedhng News-

papers.

A Justice may

empower a

Peace Officer

to search (or

PreftVs and

Types lie fof.

pe£U to be ille-

gally used, and

to feizt them

and the printed

Papas found.

Prosecutioni to

* be commenced

within three

Months after

XXXII* Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter

or vary any Rule, Regulation, or Provision contained in any Act of Parliament now in force respecting the

printing, publishing, or distributiqg any printed Newspaper, or other printed Paper.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Justice of the Peace, acting for any County, Stewar-

try, Riding, Division, City, Borough, 1 own, or Place, shall, from Information upon Oath, have Reason to

suspect that any Printing Press or Types for Printing is or are used or kept for Use without Notice given

and Certificate obtained as required by this Act, or in any Place not included in such Notice and Certificate,

it shall be lawful for such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to direct, authorize, and empower

any Constable, Petty Constable, Borfholder, Headborough, or other Peace Officer, in the Day Time,

with loch Person or rerfofts as shall be called to his Assistance, to enter into any such House, Room, and

Place, and search for any Printing Press or Types for Printing; and it shall be lawful for every such Peace

Officer, wilhfuch Assistance as aforesaid, to enter into such House, Room, or Place, in the Day Time ac-

cordingly, and to seize, take, and carry away, every Printing Prels found therein, together with all the

Types and other Articles thereto belonging, and used in Printing, and all printed Papers found in such

House, Room, or Place.

XXXIV. Provided always, That no Person shall be prosecuted or sued for any Penalty imposed by this

Act, unless such Prosecution mall be commenced, or such Action shall be brought, within three Calendar

Months next after such Penalty fljall have been incurred.

Penalty Is incurred.

Recovoryof

Penalties.

XXXV. And be it further enacted. That any pecuniary Penalty imposed by this Act,exceeding the Sum

of twenty Pounds, may be sued for and recovered, determined by any Person who will sue for the same, by Action of

Debt, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at We/lminster, if such Penalty shall have been incurred in

England or Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed* and in his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in

Scotland\ if such Penalty shall have been incurred in Scotland, \n which Action it shall be sufficient to declare

or alledge that the Defendant is indebted so the Plaintiff in the Sum of twenty Pounds, (being the Sum

demanded by such Action,) being forfeited by an Act, made and passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign

of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An At1 [Herejet forth the Title of toe Afl]y and the Plaintiff if

he shall recover in any such Action, shall have his full Costs; and any pecuniary Penalty imposed by this Act,

and not exceeding the Sum of twenty Pounds, and for the Recovery whereof no Provision is herein-before

contained, shall and may be recovered before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Stewartry,

Ridine, Division,City,Town, or Place, in which the fame shall he incurred, or the Person having incurred die

fame shall happen to be, in a summary Way; and in case such last mentioned Penalty shall not be forthwith

paid, such Justice or Justices shall, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Scab, and

directed to any Constable or other reace Offiqcr, cause the fame to be levied by Distrefe and Sale of the

7 Offender’s

