382 C. 73. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for repealing the Duties of Excise on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Export-

ation of British-rcx2i&z Spirits from England to Scotland, and for granting other Duties

in lieu thereof; and for altering, amending, and continuing certain Acts of Parliament

for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland. [9th July 1800.]

WHEREAS by the Laws now in force certain Duties of Excise are payable for or in refned of Stills

used for diddling Low Wines or Spirits, and for rectifying, compounding, cr mixing Spiiits for

€ Consumption in Scotland, and also for making Spirits for Exportation from England to Scotland \ and a,

1 certain Duty is now also payable for or in respect cf British Spirits, distilled for Consumption in Scot-

€ land, and for or in respect of unmalted Grain used in Distillation in Scotland: And whereas it is expe-

c dient to repeal the said Duties, and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof;’ May it therefore please your

Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

From Novem- assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the tenth Day of November one thou-

ber 10, iSco, fan(] eight hundred, all and fmgular the said Duties shall cease and determine, and be no longer payable or

ties onSf- U* paid; save and except.the Duties of six Pounds and ten Shillings, imposed by several Acts of the thirty-

tilteries in Scot- third, thirty-fifth, and thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, on Stills used in distilling

land shall cease, Spirits in the Highland District of Scotland; and lave and except in all Cafes relating to the recovering or

except the Du- paying of any Arrears of the said Duties hereby repealed, which may at that 'Lime remain unpaid, or to

t| n>llsjin anV Eine, Penalty, or Forfeiture relating thereto respect vely, which shall have been incurred at any Time

Distria under before or on the said tenth Day of November one thousand eight hundred,

33 Geo. 3. c. 61. § 21, &c. 35 Geo. 3. c. 59, and 37 Geo. 3. c. 102;

and the Duties II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said tenth Day of November one thousand eight

he^ald'f ^a11 hundred, in lieu and in stead of the said Duties by this Act repealed, there shall be rarfed, levied, collect-

Gafionof^thc0 ec^ and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Duties of Excise herein-after re-

Content oft very spectively mentioned; that is to say, for and upon each and every Gallon English Wine Measure, (and so

Still uftd for the in proportion for any less Quantity or Measure,) of the cubical Content or Capacity of each and every

Furpofcs here- Still, (including the Head, and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus

tiont^v^Cn~ therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the lame may be called or known, as high as

1 nt , viz. the Steam can ascend, and until the Top of the Head shall turn downwards, and form an Angle of forty-

five Degrees,) which shall be used or employed for any or either of the Purposes herein-after mentioned:

that is to say,

Formating For the making or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits for Consumption in Scotland from Gorn, Grain*

Spirits (except Malt, Tilts, Cyder or Perry, or other Wafti or Liquor made or brewed from any Sort of British Mate*

D fthe^Hr !"land r,a*s’ or an^ Mixture therewith, in any Part or Place in Scotland, (other than and except the Highland

37CM.V /101. District, as particularly specified and described in an Act made in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of

for his present Majesty,) the annual Sum of one hundred and eight Pounds ;

Consumption in Scotland from British Materials, 108I. annually.

For making For the making or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits for Consumption in Scotland from Melasses or Su-

from Mclafles or any Mixture therewith, in any Part or Place in Scotland, the annual Sum of six hundred and seventy

Or>Siigar in any Pounds:

Fart of Scotland, 6701 j [&< f eji. § 40, &c.]

and from other For the making or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits for Consumption in Scotland from foreign refused

^tc.* Wines, or foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from foreign Materials, (except MelaiTes and Sug^r,) or any

ria 7 05 Mixture therewith,' in any Part or Place in Scotland, the annual Sum of seven hundred and sixty Pounds:

And,

and for rc&ify- For the rectifying, compounding, or mixing in any Part or Place in Scotland, of any Kind of Spirits, cr

ing any Kind of $t;onnr Waters for Consumption in Scotland, the annual Sum of one hundred and eight Pounds:

Spirits, 1 c SI. o r 7

For each Callon For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of Spirits of the Strength of one to ten over Hy-

of Spirits of a drometer Proof, (and so in proportion for any higher or lower Degree of Strength,) which shall be made or

cotain Strength distilled in any part or Place in Scotland for Consumption in Scotland, (not exceeding the Number of Gal-

a^imUe^Nuaf- l°ns of Spirits herein-after limited, and reftrided tube distilled annualiy by or from each Still,) the Sum of

ber) made (or Sixpence, to be paid by the Diiliiler of the said Spirits, over and above the aforesaid Duty on the Content

Consumption in of the Still, and the herein after mentioned Duty on the Worts or Walh from which such Spirits may be

Scotland, 6\ or may have been made or diltiiled:

aSove t c Duty

on the Still and on the Wash.

For each Gal-

lon of W ifh

made for Con

fumption in

For and upon every Gallon, EnrliJI) Wine Measure, of all Worts or Wash which shall be brewed or

mode in an; Part or Place in Scotland, (other than and except in the Highland District aforesaid,) for ex-

trading Spirits for Consumption in Scotland from any Malt, Corn, Grain,.Tilt, Cyder, or Perry, or other

W 01 ts,

