A.D. 1800.

288 C, 20. Anno 39® & 40° Georgi III,

c A p. xx.

An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of February one thousand eight hutv*

dred and one, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for fur*

ther continuing until the first Day of March one thousand eight hundred, an Act made in

the last Session of Parliament, intituled, c An Act to empower his Majesty to secure and de-

4 tain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Go-

vernment/ [28th February 1800.]

39 cco. 3. c* \\7 HEREAS an Act was passed on the twentieth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and nine-

44, ty-nine, intituled, An Act for further continuing until the first Day of March one thousand eight hun-

4 dredy an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, 44 An Act to empower his Majesty to secure

44 and detain such Persons as his Majesty shallfufpeft are conspiring against his Person and Government f which

4 Ad was to continue in force until the first Day of March one thousand eight hundred, and no longer:

4 And whereas it is necessary for the publick Safety that the Provisions of the said Act patted on the

4 twentieth Day,of May one thousand (even hundred and ninety-nine, should be continuedBe it therefore

enacted, &c>

44 Persons imprisoned for High Treason, tAc. may be detained till February 1, 1801, lAc. § 1. Ad in

44 Scotland of 1701, for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, so far as may relate to Treason, lAc. fuf-

4 pended till February 1, 1801, iAc. § 2.. From February 1, i8or, Persons so committed (half have the

*4 Benefit of all Laws providing for the Liberty of the Subject, § 3. Privileges of Parliament not invali-

*4< dated by this Act. § 4. Persons against whom Indictments for High Treason are already found, shall be

*4 tried thereon. § 5. Any one of his Majesty's Secretaries of State may order Persons committed on any

44 Charge of High Treason, lAc* to be conveyed from one Prison to another. Such Removal not to deprive

44 any Person of any Right to be tried or discharged, bV. $ 6. [See § 1—6. of 39 Geo. 3. c. 44.]

Fcrfons charged VII. And whereas in the presentdisturbed State of the Kingdom of Ireland, it has been found necessary to

with High fend divers Persons who had been committed to Prison in Ireland on Charges of High Treason, Suspicion

Treason, flee. « of High Treason, or treasonable Practices, to Great Britain for safe Custody, and for the Purpose of pre-

principa?seerc* venting improper Intercourse between such Persons and other Persons engaged, or suspeded of being en-

ury of state; 4 gaged, in the like Treasons or treasonable Practices; and it may be found expedient to fend other Per-

and sent from ions to Great Britain under like-Circumstances be it enacted, That every Person who hath been sent

Ireland to Great to Great Britain as aforesaid, before the patting of this, Ad, and every Person who, after the patting of

Britain by Order this shall be sent to Great Britain for safe Custody, by Older of the Lord Lieutenant or Governor

Lieutenant and General, or other chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland, and of fix or more of his Majesty's Privy

ox Frivy Court- Council of the said Kingdom, shall and may be detained in Custody in this Kingdom, in such Place of sese

Idiots, may be Custody, as to his Majesty shall seem fit; provided such Person shall be charged with High Treason, Sufpi-

detained mCuf. cjGn of High Treason, or treasonable Practices, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of one of his Ma*

piaL'as^Ma Jefty’s Principal Secretaries of State.

shall think fit* [See the former par: of § 7. 0/39 Geo, 3. e. 44.]

44 But when such Persons are entitled by the Law of Ireland to be tried or discharged, they may apply to

44 the Court of King’s Bench in England, or Court of Judiciary in Scotland) or one of the Judges of

44 those Courts, who shall order them to be discharged, or sent to Ireland, § 8. [See latter Part of J 7.

4C 39 Geo. 3»r. 44.] One of his Majesty’s Secretaries of State may order any Person in Custody on a

44 Charge of High Treason, (Ac. committed in Ireland, to be detained in Great Britain, until he can be

44 properly sent to Ireland to be tried or discharged. § 9. [Seeformer Part of^S.of 39 Geo. 3. c. 44 ]

44 But Persons entitled to their Trial or Discharge may apply for the fame as under j 8. preceding. & 10.

44 fSee latter Part of § 8. of 39 Geo> 3. c. 44.] Ad may be altered or repealed this Session. § u*

*4 Continuance of Ad till February i, 1801, and no longer. § 12#

[<73

CAP. XXL

An Act to continue, until the first Day February one thousand eight hundred and one, an Act, made in

this present Session of Parliament *, to prohibit the making of low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, or

other Sort of Grain, or from Meal, Flour, or Bran, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland

[28th February 1800.]

CAP. XXII.

An Act for raising the Sum of twenty millions five hundred thousand Pounds by way of

Annuities. [10th March 1800.]

44 Every Contributor of 100l. to be entitled to a Principal of 100l. and 161, in the 3 per Cent. Confols, and

44 a Principal of 47 /. in the 3 per Cent. Reduced 3 the Confols to commence from January 5, 1800, and

4 44 the

