114 C. 49—52. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Majesty's A<i- thereof, shall consider sufficient for ensuring the Attendance or the Appearance of the Person accused on the

vocate, nriy Day Gf Trial: Provided always* That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

thC Ba,k deprive such Person of the other Benefits of the Acts above-mentioned, and particularly of hisforcing on the

Sum"above Day Trial, as specially directed by the Act of the Parliament of Scotland first above recited,

specified. Act noUo deprive Persons of the other Benefits of the recited Act*.

CAP. L,

c. 5. An Act for making perpetual an Act, made in the thirty third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty *,

intituled, An Act for the further Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Per font; and

to oblige Debtor s, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding

what are mentioned in the Ad, to make Discovery, and deliver, upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors

Benefit.—[ 131b June 1799,]

CAP. LI.

An Act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred

and two, several Laws relating to the Transportation of Felons and other Offenders, and

to the authorizing the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement in

England and Scotlandrespectively.—[i 3th June 1799.]

WHEREAS the several Laws herein-after mentioned have been found useful and beneficial, and it is

€ VV expedient that the femefhould be further continued ;* be it therefore enacted by the- King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Cora-

Sc much of mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act,

19 g»o. 3. c. 74. made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the

(continued by Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment of certain Offenders, as relates to

28 Geo. y Transportation beyond the Seas; and also so much of an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the

342Gco. 3. Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the effectual Transportation of Felons and other Offenders ;

«. 60,) as re- ctnd to authorize the Removal of Prisoners, in certain Cafes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; as

laus to Trans. extends to authorize the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement $ which Acts were

porution be- amended and continued by two other Acts of the twenty-eighth and thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of his

yond Seas; present Majesty, until the first Day of June one thousand (even hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence

and so much of to jrn(j of tbc tjien next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame are hereby further continued until

(ttmmuedby # t^lc twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two.

the feme Acts,) as extends to authorize the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement; further continued till March 25, 1S0*.

So much of II. And be it. further enacted, That so much of an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of

2$ Geo. 3. c. 46. his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Transportation of Felons and othe* Offenders in

(continued by tfjQt p^rt of Great Britain called Scotland, and to authorize the Removal of Prisoners, in certain Cafes, as

au- authorizes the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement, which was to continue in force

thonzes the Re- until the first Day of June one thousand (even hundred and eighty-seven, and from thence to the End of the

moval of Of- then next Session of Parliament, and which was revived and continued by an Act of the thirty-fourth Year

fenders to tem- Gf his present Majesty, until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and frorn

of tl)ence to the the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued

further conti- until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two.

nued till March 25, 1801*

CAP. LII.

19 Geo. 3.C.74.

(continued by

24 Cea 3. ft. a*

c. 56:

28 Geo. 3.

c. 24. & and

34 Geo. y

c, So.) recited 1

An Act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred

and two, so much of an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present

Majesty, Chapter Seventy-four, videlicet, on the twenty-sixth Day of November one

thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the

Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment of certain Of-

fenders, as relates to Penitentiary Houses.-—[13th June 1799*]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the nineteenth Y ear of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

dn Ad to explain and amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punify-

4 ment of certain Offenders: And whereas so much of the said Act as relates to Penitentiary Houses, which

9 was to continue in force until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and from

4 thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was, by three Acts, made ir> the

4 twenty-fourth, twenty-eighth, and thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, further conr

4 tinued until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the End

4 of the next Session of Parliament, has been found useful and beneficial; and it is expedient that the feme

4 should be further continued ;* be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty. by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-

4 femhled.

