4io C. 81.. Anno 39* & 40* Georgii III. A. D. 1800.

Hops shall not

be removed

/rom rhe Place

of weighing be-

fore the Expi-

ration of 12.

Hoars, unless

the fame shall

have been re-

weighed by the

Supervisor, on

Penalty of 50I.

Owner of Hops

shall not be

obliged to give

more than 14

Hours' Notice

of his Intention

to weigh them*

Time of weighing

V. 4 And whereas it is expedient that no Planter of Owner of Hops to grow in Great Britain should re-

c move or convey away any Hops from his, her, or their Oufts, Storehouses, or other Places where tuch

4 Hops shall have been weighed by any interior Officer of Excise until such Time as is herein-after pre-

4 feribedbe it therefore enacted, That no Owner, Planter, or Grower of Hops, growing or to grow in

Great Britain, (hall-remove or convey away, or canfe or suffer to be removed or conveyed away, any

Hops from the Oust, Storehouse, or other Place where the fame shall have been weighed, for the Purpose of

charging the Duty, before the Expiration of twelve Hours next after such Hops shall have been so weighed,

unless the fame shall sooner have been weighed or reweighed by the Supervisor of Excise ; to the End that

such Supervisor may have an Opportunity to rewt ivh the fame; and if upon the rewerghing of any such

Hops, any additional Weight shall be found, such Hops shall be liable to and chargeable with the Duty of

Excise imposed for or ii) retped of such Hops, according to such last mentioned Yveight; and if any such

Owner, Planter, or Grower shall temove or convey away, or cause or suffer to be removed or con-

veyed away, any such Hops, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Owner, Planter,

or Grower of such Hops so offending shall, for eacn and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty

Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Planter or Owner of Hops to grow in Great Britain shall at any

Time be obliged to give more than twenty-four Hours’ Notice of his or her Intention to weigh Hops: Pro*

vided always. That the particular Time to be specified in any such Notice for the aeigning of Hops, shall be

between the Hours of Four in the Morning and Five in the Evening ; any Thing in this or any other Act

of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

between four in the Morning and five in the Evening.

No Officer in-

ferior to a Su-

pervisor shall be

fbffitrcd to

Weigh Hop* be-

tween Five in

the'Evening

and Four in the

Morning, on

Penalty of*®!.

Owners of

Hon* shall keep

Scales and

Weights at the

Place of weigh-

ing, and per-

mit any Super-

visor to use

them, on Pc-

«Mdty of 50I.

If unjust Scales

®r Weights,

Ac. shall be

used, they shall

be forfeited, and

the Owner shall

forfeit 100L

Owners, when

required by Su-

pervisor, shall

put Hep* into

the Scale to be

reweighed, and

allift him there-

in, on P«raity

of 50L

Persons ob-

it ru ding Offi-

cers in the Exe-

cution of their

Duty, shall for-

feit loot

Penalties and

FonoturtS,

bow to be le-

vied and ap-

plied*

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Officer of Excise, inferior to the Rank orbe*

gree of a Supervisor of Excise, shall be at Liberty 10 weigh, or shall be permitted to weigh any Hops at any

Oust, Storehouse, or other Place of any Owner, f lamer, or Grower of Hops, between the Hours of Five

in the Evening and Four in the Morning; and if any such Owner, Planter, or Grower shall permit or (uf-

fer any such inferior Officer to weigh any such Hops between the Hours aforesaid, contrary to the Directions

of this Act, every such Owner, Planter, or Grower so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, for*

feit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Owner, Planter, and Grower of Hops growing of

to grow in Great Britain shall, and he, (he, and they respectively is and are hereby required to keep

sufficient and just Scales and Weights at his, her, or their Oufts, Storehouses, or other Places, where such

Hop> shall have been so weighed, and also to permit and suffer any Supervisor of Excise to use the fame

for the Purpose of reweighing such Hops; and if any fuen Owner, Planter, or Grower shall neglect to

keep such Scales and Weights, or either of them, or shall not permit or suffer any Supervisor of Excise to

use the fame for the Purpote aforesaid, ,he, (he, or they shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the

Sum of fifty Pounds; and if any such Owner, Planter, or Giower shall, for the rewe'ghing of any such

Hops, provide or make use of, or cause or procure, or suffer to be provided or made use of, any selfe, un-

just, or inefficient Scales or Weights, or shall practise any Act, Device, or Contrivance by which any

such Supervisor of Excise may be hindered or prevented from talcing rhe just and true Weight of any

such Hops, then and in every such Cafe such Owner, Planter, or Grower shall, for each and every

such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, together with all such Life, unjust, or insufficieot

Scales and Weights respectively, and the fame shall and may be seized by any Supervisor or Officer of

Excise.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Owner, Planter, and Grower of Hops growing or

to grow in Great Britain, shall, when and so often as he, fhc, or they shall be thereunto required by any

Supervisor of Excise, bring, or cause to be brought to, and be put into and taken oyt of, the Scale, all Hops

belonging to such Owner, Planter, or Grower, and which such Supervisor shall be desirous to reweigh, and

shall also, on the Reciueft of such Supervisor, by themselves respectively, and with a sufficient Number of

their Servants, aid and assist, to the utmost of their Power, such Supervisor of Excise in rewcigiiing all such

Hops of such Owner, Planter, or Grower, on Pain of forfeiting, for every Neglect or Refulal tnereuf, the

Sum of fifty Pounds. * -

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person 'or Persons whatsoever shall affadt, oppose, molest,

obstrud, or binder, any Officer or Officers of Excise in the due Execution of this Act, or of any of the

Powers or Authorities given by this Act, all and every such Person or Persons so offending fiuii, for every

such Offence, severally forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by this Act* shall be

sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or For-

feiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Adionof

Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVtftminster, or in th Court

of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Kenaity, or Foifeitu e shall

be tu his-Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, duco-

ver, or sue for the same.

CAP*

