U C. 22. Anno tricesimo nono Georg'ii III, A.D. 1799.

County of itself, to be of the Value of ten thousand Pounds, or as prcfcribcs the Qualification of any

Person to be a Commissioner for the Purposes of the said Act, or a Commissioner for hearing and deter-

mining Appeals for any County at large in Great Britain, as far as respects the Counties herein-after men-

tioned, (ha!! be, and the same is hereby repealed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner for the Pur-

poles of the said Act, within and for any City, Borough, Town, or Place, in Great Britain, other than

Cities, Boroughs, Towns, and Places, being respectively Counties of themselves by virtue of any Quali-

fication confiding of Personal Estate in the Whole or in Part, unless the fame, if confiding wholly ci Per-

fbnal Estate, (ha!I he of the Value of three thousand Pounds, or shall, together with his own Estate, con-*

filling of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be of the said Value of three thousand Pounds, (lucii

Value to be in Cell lad mentioned Call* cflimated as by the said Act is directed in respect of Qualifications

confiding of Personal Eibte, raid also of Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,) tinder the Pe-

nalty that every Person adding without the Qualification in Lajids, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as in the

said Act is mentioned, or the Qualification required by this Act, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty

Pounds, to be recovered as the luce Penalty may be recovered by the said recited Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a CornmilTioner for the Pur-

pods of the fai'd Act, or as a Commissioner for hearing and determining Appeals within or for the County

cf Monmouthor any of the Counties at large within the Dominion of iVahs, or in that Part of Great Bri-

tain called Scotland, urrlcfs he shall be po fie lied of a Personal Estate of the like Value, or be ftiftd or possessed

of an Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the like Nature,'and of three Fifths of the Value

as is required as the Qualification of a Commissioner for the Purposes of the said Act, or of a Commissioner

for hearing and determining Appeals respectively within and for any other County at large in Great Britain^

under the Penalty in the said Act contained, for acting without the Qualification therein required in such

Cafes.

Qualification

torCoiunulfion-

cr-j lor Chic-*,

frc. not being

Counties, in

J’crfonni EPlate,

3^ool. 01 to that

Amount, in-

cluding Lands,

&c. valued to-

gether as in

§ 26 of C. I *.

Qualification of

CommitTioiurs

and Commis-

sioners of Ap-

peal in Mon-

mouthshire and

the Count;?,

in Wales and

Scotlan d, fh ill

be 3-5:11$ 01 that

required for

other Counties at large, by § 23 of c. 13.

Master of the

fJoufehoJr!, and

ether Officers

Who as Com-

missioners of

Land Tax in

the Liberty of

the Palaces,

’may ad in the

Execution of

the said Act as

far as relates to

Assessments ’

under c. 13.

without any

.other Qualifica-

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Master of his Majesty’s Household, the

First Clerk of the Household, the Clerk of the Kitchen, and the several other Officers who, by virtue of

their Offices, have heretofore acted or may act in Execution of the Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of

his present Majesty’s Reign, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, in the Liberty of the

Palaces of in it eh all and St. James's* to act, by virtue of their said Offices, in the Execution of the said first

mentioned Act, as far as relates to any Aflellment to be made by virtue thereof on any Person or Persons

within the said Liberty, without any (pedal Appointment for that Purpose; and that no other Qualification

shall be requiied of any such Officers, who shall act in the execution of the said first mentioned Act, by

virtue of their said Offices, than the Polldiion of such respective Offices and Places , and that no such

Officer shall be liable to any Penalty inflicted by the said first mentioned Act, for acting in the Execution

thereof as aforesaid, without being possefTed of any other Qualification than such Offices respectively; pro-

vided that all Appeals from such last mentioned Commissioners shall be heard and determined before the

Commissioners of Appeals appointed for the County of Middlesex.

tion than the Possession of their Offices, Appeals to be made from them to the Commissioners of Appeals for Middlesex.

Commissioners VII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Purposes of the said first mentioned Act,

CourtC &c *to to appointed for the several Inns of Court and Chancery in London and Middlesex shall be selected and

be ftlcdUd by nominated by the respective Benchers for the Time being, having the Superintendance of the said Societies

Benchers: of the respective Societies thereunto belonging, or the major Part of them present at any Meeting to be

And Appeals to summoned by the respective Treasurers of those Societies for the Time being; provided that all Appeals

be made to the from the Inns of Court and Chancery shall be heard and determined by the respective Commissioners of

-o^a^eaTfor* Appeals to be appointed, under the said Act, for London and Middlesex respectively.

London and Middlesex.

Commissioners

ior the l’ni\:r-

firics to be of the

Degree of M. A.

orLL. B., and

Matters or Fel-

lows of Col-

lect s resident

therein; such

Degrees, to

be a fuincient

Qualification.

The liberty of

the Ifk of t ly,

and each of the

Cinque I'ort?,

to be corifidered

a* a City b-An^ a

County; ami

thcQuahhcation

wd Appo.nt-

imr.t of Com-

in.ffiont-ra to be

under 24 of

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Commissioner to be appointed for the respective Univerft-

tics of Oxford and Cambridge shall be of the Degree of Master of Arts, or Bachelor of Laws, or some higher

Degree, and shall be a Master or Fellow of a College or Hall there, and resident therein; and that no

other Qualification shall be required of any such last mentioned Commissioners, who shall act in the Execu-

tion of the said Act, by virtue of their Degrees and Promotions irr such Universities and Colleges, than the

Possession thereof respectively, and Kefidence there as aforesaid; and that no such Master or Fellow, red-

dent as aforesaid, shall be liable to any Penalty inflicted by the said first mentioned Act for acting in the Ex-

ecution thereof as aforesaid, without being poileflid of any other Qualification than such Degrees and Pro-

motions as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, for the Purposes of the said first mentioned Act, the Franchise or

Liberty of the Jjle of Ely, and every of the Cinque Ports shall be considered in the fame Refpedtas a City

or Town, being a County of itself, is by the said Act considered, and that the fame Qualification, and 110

other, shall be required for a Commissioner for the said Purposes in such Franchise or Liberty,-and in

every such Cinque Port; and the Appointment of such Commissioner shall be made in like Manner fojr

such Franchise or Liberty, or every such Cinque Port, as is required and directed by the said Act in respect

of such Commissioner for any City or Town in Great Britain being a County of itself; provided that all

Appeals from such last mentioned Commissioners shall be heard and determined before the Commissioners

of Appeals appointed for the County at large wherein such Cinque Port is situate.

c. 13. 14. # ' X. And

