A.D. 1799.’ Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III.. G. 5?, 56. 119

Vafials of entailed Eftatos, by an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign 6f his late Majesty King

George the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Tenure of Ward. Holding in Scotland, and for con- aoGeo.a.c. 50.

vesting the fame into Blanch and Feu HoLlings; and for regulating the C.fualty of Non entry in certain Cafes ;

and for taking envoy the Casualties of Single and Life Rent EJcheats incurred there by Horning and Denuncia-

tion for Civil causes ; and for giving to Heirs and Suctejfors there a summary Process against Superiors \ and

ff difebi urging the Attendance of Vajfals at Head Courts there; and for ascertaining the Service of Tenants

there; and for allowing Heirs of Tailzie there to fell Lands to the Crovun^ for er effing Buildings and making

Settlements in the Highlands.

XIII, 4 And whereas it may happen, that a Mill and some of the Lands thirled to it may be within dif- If Mill and

4 ferent Counties or Stewartricsbe it enacted, That in such Cafe the Application shall be made to the Sheriff be^rith»<l

or Stewart of the County or Stewartry in which the Mil) is fuuated, before whom the Parties concerned AppUa*-

who live without his Jurisdiction may be cited by virtue of Letters of Supplement in common Form. tion tobe made

to the Sheriff where the Mill is situate.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby expressly enacted and declared, That nothing herein-before con- Act notto ex-

tained shall apply to the Cafe where a permanent Annual Payment, either in Money* or Grain, is already tend where, an

fixed or establdhed under the Name of Dry Multure, in lieu of the Servitude of Thirlage ; but reserving nnua ay

nevertheless to either Party, as well the Proprietor of the Dominant as of the Survient Tenement, to apply

in Manner herein-before dinefted for commutating or compensating by such fixed Annual Payment as

herein before mentioned, all Mill Services and other Prestations and Restrictions, if any such are exigible,

over and above the Sum of Money or Grain payable in Name of Dry Multure as aforesaid.

ment under the

Name of Dry

'Multure is

fixed.

CAP. LVL

An Act to explain and amend the Laws relative to Colliers in that Part of Great Britain

called Scotland.—[13th June 1799.]

c \ WHEREAS, before the passing of an Act of the fifteenth Year of his present Majesty, intituled. An

* VV Attfor altering, explaining\ and amendingfeveral of the Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, respect-

1 ing Collierr. Coal Bearers, and Salters, many Colliers, Coal Bearers, and Salters* were bound for Life

4 to, and transferrabie with, the Collieries and Salt Works where they worked ; but by the said Act their

4 Bondage was taken off, and they were declared to be free, under the Conditions therein mentioned;

4 notwithstandinjg which, many Colliers and Coal Bearers dill continue in a State of Bondage, from not

4 having complied with the Provisions, or from having become subject to the Penalties, in the said Act:

4 May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted :* and be it enacted by the King’s raoft

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the paf-

sing of this Act, all the Colliers in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ who were bound Colliers at the

Time of passing the said Act, shall be and they are here hereby declared to be free from their Servitude, and

in the fame Situation in every Respect as if they had regularly obtained a Decree in the Manner directed by

the said Act.

II. 4 And whereas, by an Act of the Scots Parliament, videlicet, of the twenty-second Parliament of King

* fames the Sixth, (twenty-eighth of June one thousand six hundred and seventeen,) Chapter Eight, and

4 by another Act of the Scots Parliament, videlicet, of the first Parliament of King Charles the Second, (in

4 January one thousand fits hundred and sixty-one,) Chapter Thirty-eight, it is enacted. That the Justices

4 of the reace fjr the several Counties and Stewartries in Scotland44 shall appoint, at the Quarter Semons to

44 be kept in August and February, the ordinary Hyre and Wages of Labourers, Workmen, and Servants,

44 and who shall refuse to serve upon the Price set down by them, shall be imprisoned and further punished at

44 their Discretion; and to the Efteft Servants may be the more willing to obey the Ordinances to be

44 made by the said Justices for the said Fees, the said Justices shall have Power to decern and compel the

44 Master to make Payment of the Fees appointed by their Ordinance, in case the Servants please rather to

44 file for the fame before them than before the Judge Ordinary And whereas Doubts havearifen whether

4 the Powers given to the Justices of the Peace by the two Acts of the Scottish Parliament* above recited

4 extend to Colliersbe it enacted and declared. That the said two Acts of the Scottish Parliament, vide-

licety the aforesaid Act of the twenty-second Parliament of King James the Sixth, (twenty-eighth of June

one thousand six hundred and seventeen,) Chapter the Eighth, and the aforesaid Act of the first Parliament

of King Charles the Second, (January the first, one thousand six hundred and sixty-one,) Chapter the

Thirty-eighth, irr so far as the lame relate to the fixing and appointing of the ordinary Hire and Wages of

Labourers, Workmen, and Servants, do extend to and include Colliers, Coal Hewers, Coal Bearers, and

xU other Personsof every Description employed at Collieries, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland;

and such and the like Powers and Authorities, Rights, Remedies, and Privileges conferred by these Statutes,

felativeto the fixing, and appointing of the ordinary Hire and Wages of Labourers, Workmen, and Ser-

vants, are hereby given, conferred, and granted, and declared to extend and apply to Colliers, Coal Hewers,

Coal Bearers, and all other Persons of every <Description employed at Collieries, in that Part of Great Britain

called Scotland. ,

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Powers and Authorities shall only be exercised upon

*the Application of the Party or Parties aggrieved.

15 Geo. 3. c.zS.

recited.

and allCdlier*

In Scotland,

bound at the

Time of patting

thereof, to be

free from Servi-

tude, as if they

had obtained m

Decree for that*

Purpose under

that A&.

Cap. ft. of the

azd Scots Par*

liament of Jac.

6. and Cap. 38.

of the xfl of

Car. a. so far as

they relate to

fixing of Wages

of Labourers, to

extend to Per-

fons employed

in the Collieries

in Scotland.’

Powers only to

he exercised

upon Application of the Party aggrieved.

IV. Aud

