,2fq

[S*e 37 Geo. 3.

(. 127.]

How Bonds

shall be made,

and Wares or

Merchandizes

depofucd as

Securities, Sec,

C. 4, 5. Anno 39* 6c 40° (Jeorgii III. A. D. 1709.

CAP. IV.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year

one thousand eight hundred ; and for permitting Exchequer Bills, issued under an Act of the last Session of

Parliament, for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for

other Purposes, if not paid by a certain Day, to be received in Payment of any of the Branches of the

Publick Revenue. * [12th October 1799.]

“ 2,500,000 / may be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills before April 5,1800. § r, 2. Exchequer Bills

u lo issued not to be received in Payment of the Revenue, or at the Exchequer, till October 10, 1800. $3.

K To be repaid out of the first five Instalments of any Loan granted in this Session, and in default of

44 Paymen: therefrom before October 10, 1800, the fame shall become chargeable on the Consolidated Fund

c< after January 5, 1801. § 4. Excheviuer Bills issued in pursuance of 39 Geo. III. c. 114. § 1 — 9. if not

44 discharged before April5, 1800. may be received in Payment of any Revenue. § 7.

C A R. V.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to direct the I flue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount

and in the Manner ther in mentioned, for the Relief of the Merchants of Liverpool and

Lanocjler. [i ith OSlober 1799.]

4 Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 \X/HLREAS it is expedient that your Majesty should be enabled to direct Exchequer Bills, to the

4 VV Amount of five hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued to Commissioners, to be by them advanced,

4 under certain Regulations and Restrictions, for the Assistance and Accommodation of such Persons, being

■* Merchants, carrying on Trade within the I owns of Liverpool and Lancaster respectively, as shall be de-

* firous of receiving the fame, on due Security being given for the Re-payment of the Sums so advanced

4 within a Time to be limited May it therefore pleale your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it

enacted, &c.

44 His Majesty may empower the Treasury to direct Exchequer Bills to be made out, agreeably to the Mai*

44 Act [c. 2.] of the present Session- § 1, 2. Bills to bear Interest not exceeding 2 d. 2 q. per Cent, ptr

44 Diem> and to be payable one Half on April 5, and the other Half on July 5, 1800. § 3. Bills not to be

44 received for any Duty, &c, before the Days appointed for their Payment, § 4. Commissioners ap-

44 printed. §5. Commissioners to take an Oath of Fidelity, which any two may administer. $6. Com-

44 missioners may meet, appoint Officers, allow Salaries, administer Oaths, §7. Commissioners may

44 examine upon Oath Parties willing to be examined, and receive Depositions made before Magistrates. §8.

44 Treasury to issue Money for defraying the Charges of executing this Act, of which an Account shall be

44 laid before Parliament. § 9. Persons giving false Evidence to be subject to the Penalties for Perjury, § io.

44 Commissioners fh^ll meet to receive, or appoint a Person to receive, Applications for the Loan of Exche-

44 quer Bills, and certify the Amount immediately wanted, to the Treasury, who shall direct the issue. $ U.

44 Commissioners to class Applications, and establish Regulations, for apportioning the Sums to be

44 advanced- § 12. Commissioners to give Certificates of the Amount of Bills apportioned, which shall be

44 a Warrantfor their Delivery. Bills to bear the'Date of Issues. Commissioners may alter Regulations. 4 13.

44 Commissioners to appoint Days for conflicting Applications, from Time to Tirpe, and, the Trea-

44 fury may direct further Bills to be issued, (sfc. j 14. Lifts of B»1L made out to be delivered to the Com-

44 missioners § 15. Persons to whom Bills are advanced to give Bond to the King, according to the Di-

44 redtionof the Commissioneis. § 16.”

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Securities, which shall be entered into by the Person or Per-

fons to whom and towhofe Account any such Exchequer Bills shall be advanced, shall be made in such Sum,

not less than the Amount of the Principal Sums contained in such Exchequer Bills, as the said Commis-

sioners, or any Five or more of them,* shall in their Discretion direct; *md that in every such Cafe the Party

or Parties shall alfodeposit, or cause to be deposited, in the Custody of the said Commissioners, or of such

Persons as they shall appoint, by Writing under the Hands of the said Conn missioners, or. any 7'wo or more

of thdm, Wares or Merchandizes of the proper Goods of such Party or Parties, or in his or their Posseflion

and Disposition, and wherein he or they shall have a specific Interest to a certain Amount, which shall be

proved to the Satisfadtionoffuch Commissioners, (the Duties of Customs and Excise payable upon the fame,

in case any such Duties shall by Law be payable upon such Goods, being first duly satisfied, or for which

Bonds shall have been taken for the due Payment of the fame^under the Authority of any Act to be passed in

this present Session of Padiament, and which shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or

such Person or Persons is they shall appoint,) hearing a Proportion not less than twice the Value of the Prin-

cipal Sums so to be advanced ; and which Wares or Merchandizes shall be delivered to the said Commis-

sioners, or to such Persons as they shall appoint as aforesaid, at such Place or Places herein-after mentioned,

as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall appoint, and shall be secured and kept in

proper Warehouses, at such Places respectively to be approved of by the said Commissioners, or any five or

more of them* under such Regulations as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall

prefenotj

