A.D. 1799. Anno 33* &'40®* Georoh m. C. !■*—3V

*v »*

Lieutenancy of the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Militia shall belong, a List of all such Mi-

litia Men as shall have been disembodied and difmifledin pursuance of any such Warrant as aforesaid 5 and a ^ of Mea

every such Lift shall be made in the follo wing Form 1 " disembodied.

Dated the Day of

Name of the County, Ac. Names of the Men disembodied and difmififed. / If Substitutes, for whom they serve. Qf ihe Parish of In the Hundred of

J. B. — p. H.

* E*F. an. M. ‘ N. *.

¥ '

And the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants acting for such County, Riding, or Place, shall ckufe the Men Lieutenant* to'

necessary for supplying any Vacancies that may hereafter arise in the Militia of such County, Riding, or supply Va«*n-

Place, to be ballotted for out of the Persons returned in any such Lift as aforesaid, until fit Persons shall be the

found to supply such Vacancies, and fofrom Time to Time as Occasion shall require, so long as any of pirfons baliot-

the Persons returned in any such Lift can be found fit to supply such Vacancies as aforesaid; and every Per* ted to serve the

son so ballotted to supply any such Vacancy, who shall not be deemed by such Lieutenant or Depucy Lieu- Remainder of

tenants unfit by Reason of Sickness or bodily Inability, shall serve in the Militia of such County, Riding, or ^ T*rac ,

Place, upon the Conditions, and for the Remainder of the Time, for which such Person shall have Deen

engaged to serve in such Militia before he was disembodied and dtfmifled as aforesaid; and whenever and as nuffiom

soon as all the Persons returned m any such List or Lists that can be found to supply such Vacancies as

aforesaid, shall by Ballot have supplied such Vacancies as aforesaid, then and in every such Cafe the Men

necessary for supp lying stich future Vacancies 'as may arise in such Militia, shall be raised, chosen, and bal-

lotted for* ih Manner directed by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

}efty.

44 Every Officer appointed by his Majesty, or any Person authorized by the Commander in Chief, may

44 enhft: Militia Men disembodied and willing to serve in the Regular Forces, § 23. Ad shall not authorize

44 enlisting any Militia Men unless discharged, or to be disembodied, as before mentioned. § 24. On Pro-

44 du&ton of Certificate to the Lieutenant, of any Militia Man*9 having enlisted into the Regular Forces, he*

44 shall cause his Name to be discharged from the Lift of Men fervingfor the County, which shall not be

44 obliged to ballot for another Man* f 25, Ad may be altered or repealed this Session. § 26/r

CAP. IL

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry,

for the Service of the Year one thousand'eight hundred, [rath Ofiober

[To jitne 24,

xSoi.]

CAP. III.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Pier- [&,f.

fortal Estates in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed*-, and certain

Duties ort Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year one thoyfand Z*

eight hundred, [nth October 1799.]—(Fcr one Tear from March 25, 1800, X ,

Powers of such Comwujfioners to act as Commissioners of Lend Tax.J'

*■

XXXVII, \ ND be it further enacted, That the Surplus of the Monies arising from the Rates, Duties,

XX and Assessments granted and inaposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for con-

tinuing and granting a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, on Sugar, Malt; Tobacco, and Snuff,

after the paying oft and satisfying all Sum$ of Money advanced and lent upon the Security of that Ad, not

exceeding the Sumof two Millions, together with all Interest due or to become due thereon,.or reserving/uf-

ficient for the Purposes aforesaid at the Receipt of the Exchequer; and also all the Surplus of Monies arising

from the Rates, Duties, and Assessments, granted and impoled by this Act, after paying off and satisfying

all the Monies advanced or lent upon the Security of this Act, not exceeding the Sum of twp Millions, toge-

ther with all Interest that may become due on any such Sums, (bail, as the Surplus of any such Monies

respectively shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, be carried to and made Part of- the>Consolidated.

Fund. ,.<*

U CAP;.

Surplus Monies-

arising from the

Duties imposed*

by 39 Geo. 3.

c. 3. and by this*

Act, to be car-

ried to the Con-

folidated fund*

