466 C. 106. Anno $9* & 40* .Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

himfcif, or pre- A&, wilfully and maliciously decoy, persuade, solicit, intimidate, influence, or prevail, or attempt or en-

h” e"1 to ^eavour to prevail, on any Journeyman or Workman or other Person hired or employed, or to be hired or

ploy, or Who employed in any such Manufacture, Trade, or Business, to quit or leave his Work, Service, or Employ-

Shall hinder any ment, or who shall wilfully and maliciously hinder or prevent any Manufacturer.or Tradesman, or other

Nfafter from Pfcrfon, from employing in his or her Manufiadlure, Trade, or Business, such Journeyman, Workmen, and

employing any other Perfoqs as he or she shall think proper, or who, being hired or employed shall, without any just or

^t^Vonabie1 reafoiwble Cause, refuse to work with any other Journeyman or Workman employed or hired to work therein,

cause* ihan re- an<^ w^° lawfully convicted of any of the said Offences, upon his own Confession, or the Oath or

fufc to work Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any two Justices of the Peace for the County,

with any other Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, within three

Woikman $ Calendar Months next after the Offence shall have been committed, shall, by Order of such Justices be

committed to and be confined in the Common Gaol within his or their JuriJdidtion, for any Time not

• exceeding three Calendar Month?; or otherwise be committed to some House £f Correction, within the

fame Jurisdiction, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding two Calendar

' Months.

S? aI<u "aTT* IV. 4 And for the more effectual Suppression of all Combinations amongst Journeymen, Workmen, and

attciw arw c ot^er Persons employed in any Manufacture, Trade or Bufinefs/ be it further enacted, That all and

Meeting for tba every Persons and Person whomsoever, (whether employed in any such Manufacture Trade, or Bufincff#

Purpose of or notj who shall attend any Meeting had or held for the Purpose of making or entering into any Coa^

making any traCt, Covenant, or Agreement, by this Act declared to be illegal, or of entering into, Supporting, main-*

Owtr a5*1 lining, continuing, or carrying on any Combination for any Purpose by this Act declared to be illegal, or

whoSalJ turn- who shall summons, give Notice to, call upon, persuade, entice, foltcit, or by Intimidation, or any other

mon or by in- Means, endeavour to induce any Journeyman, Workman, or other Person employed in any Manufac-

timidation, fee. ture. Trade, or Business, to attend any such Meeting, or who shall collect, demand, ask, or receive any

endeavour to Sum of Money from any such Journeyman, Workman, or other Person, for any of the Purposes aforesaid,

induce any or who shall persuade, entice, (elicit, or by Intimidation, or any other Means, endeavour to induce any

it^nd *nyfuS» such Journeyman, Workman, or other Person to enter into or be concerned in any such Combination#

Meeting, or or who shall pay any sum of Money, or make or enter into any Subscription or Contribution, for or to-

who mi l col- wards the Support or Encouragement of any such illegal Meeting or Combination, and who shall be law-

lea any Money, fully convicted of any of the Lid Offences, upon his own Confession, or the Oath or Oaths of one or more

credible Witness or Witnesses, before any two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division*

City, Liberty, Town, or Place where such Offence shall be committed, within three Calendar

Months next after the Offence shall have been committed, shall, by Order of such Justices, be committed

to and confined in the Common Gaol within his or their Jurisdiction, for any Time not exceeding

three Calendar Months; or otherwise be committed to some House of Corredion within the same Ju-

rifdidion, there to remain and be kept to bard Labour for any Time not exceeding two Calendar-

Months.

Ko Person V. A fid be it further enacted, That no Person (whether employed as a Journeyman or Workman iiv

contribute for any Manufacture, Trade, or Business, or not) shall at any Time after the jpafling of this Act wilfully pay*

In'y EXdfer2t4 £*vc ?n^ ^um ™ Money, as a Subscription or Contribution for the Purpose of paying Expences incurred

Jigcontfiry c# or to be incurred by any Person or Persons acting contrary to the Provisionsof this Act, by Payment of Money,

this a«, or gr other Means, support or maintain any Journeyman, Workman, or other Person, or contribute towards his.

tewand* the Support or Maintenance, for the Purpose of inducing him to refuse to work, or to be hired or employed.

Support of any in any Manufacture, Trade, or Butinefs; and every Person who shall be guilty of any such Offence lnall

Person n in- forfeit and lose any Aim not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds; and every Journeyman, Workman, and

to work?on other who shall collect or receive any Money or valuable Thing for any of the Purposes aforesaid,

Faculty noc ex- (hall-forfeit and lose any Sum not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds;, such Penalties of ten Pounds and five

ccttfcngiol and Pounds respectively to be*forfeited, on<; Moiety to his Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Informer and

an> person cok. Poor of the Parifo where such Offence has been committed, to- be equally divided between them; and alL

1 Money, and every of the said Offences shall be heard and determined in a summary. Wayvbefiwre two Justices of the

Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where such Offence shall be com-

tatTnot e*«. - mitted, and the Conviction for the fame may be had and made upon the Oath or Oaths o£one of more credible

ccrdrnp 5i. one- Witness or Witnesses ; and the Amount of the Forfeitureor Penalty for every such Offence shall be fixed

Moiety to hi*, --and determined by such Justices, but not exceeding, the several Sums herein-before mentioned; and in case

' an y Arch Forfeiture or Penalty foal I not be forthwith paid pursuant to such Conviction, such Justices shall,.

Informer and * by Warrant under their Hands, cause the lame to be levied by. Dirt refs and Sale of the Offender’s GooJs

the Poor oi the and Chattels, together with all Costs^and Charts attending Such Di ft refs and Sale-: and in case no fuflScient

PiriflL Disttefs can-be had, such Justices shall, by Warrant under their Hands, commit the: Offender to the Com*

Offences fall nion Gaol within his or their Jurisdiction,' there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, ^or any Time not

b. f'etermired exceeding three*Calendar Months nor Ids than, two Calendar Months;or otherwise, at the Discretion of

in a summary Arch Justices, to some House of Correction within their Jutifdidlion, there to remain and be kept to hard. La-

twoju'?3ccs ^our ^or a,y Time not exceeding two Calendar Months.

who Utah fix thr Panlty, and if not paid, ihaUcaufc.it to-be levied by-D. ft refs, or im Default thereof shall commk the O/ftnder to the Common Gaol

or House oi Co:r«.&on.

Contribur ns VI* And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which at any Time heretofore*have’been paid or

aire »dy mrde given as a Subscription or Contribution fof or towards any of the Purposes prohibited by this Act, and shall,

bun Purport, for the Space of tfuee Calendar Months*next after the paffmgof this Act, remain undivided in the Hands

and not divided

^ooooie

