■A* D. 1800. Anho  quadragesimo prirao Ge-orgii IIL C. 16. 551

' t

shall be imported* under the Joint Locks of his Majesty and such Owner or Consignee; and the Officers merchantable

of his Majesty’s Customs in the Town or Port where any such Corn, Grain, or Pulle, shall be deposited, jhahte part.

shall at all feasonable Times in the D*y Time permit the Owner or Consignee of such Corn, Grain, or Pulse,

by his, her, or their Seivants, to inspect, examine, and turn such Corn, Grain, or Pulse, and take

all proper Steps for the restoring the fame ton merchantable Condition \ and the Owner or Consignee

of all nich Corn, Grain, or Pulse, that (hill, after any such Cafe as aforesaid, become merchantable, and

shall be certified as such in Manner by this Act direct d, shall be entitled to the Bounties by th.s Act

granted, in like Manner in every Reipeft as if the fame had arrived in good and merchantable State, and

such Bounty shall be payable and paid according to the Average Puces published in the London Gazette in

the third Week after the Article upon which any such Bounty shall be claimed shall have been certified

fcs aforesaid.

* Vessels arriving at a Port where the Bounty is not allowed, may fail to one where it is. S *4-”

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the said Articles herein enumerated and de- Coonmissionere

bribed shall be so imported or brought from any of the Ports or Places herein mentioned, into any of the of Customs may

Jie respective Ports herein also enumerated, fubfrquent to the Time limited by this Act, but before the In^rticJcs^iin-

fteenth Day of OSicber one thousand eight hundred and one, it shall and may be lawful for the Coaimif- ported before

toners of his Majesty’s Customs in England an* Scotland respectively, to order the Bounty or Bounties o«cber 15,

itespectively to be pa d thereon* in like Manner as f the said Articles had been imported within the T'im^ i8or, on Proof

limited by this Act; provided Proof shall be nude to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners relpec- of the

lively, that the Ships or Vessels, on board of Which respectively such Articles (lull be so imported or ^such ‘Times

brought, actually and bona fide ftt Sail from such refueftiv* Ports or Places for Great Britain, in such that they mi^nr.

If ime as they might in the ordinary Course of their Voyage, have arrived in Great Britain before the said in the ordinary

trft Day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, and^Proof shall also be given and Jintry shall be Course of

•lade, and the Articles kifpefted and examined, and certified, in like Manner as is required by this Act, to au* Voyage*, have

(horize the Payment of^Bounty on the said Articles imported within the Time limited by this Act: Provided JJSobert*

always, Thai nothing in this Clause contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to any Rice imported B0untyon*

into this Kingdom, in any Ship or Vessel that shall have cleared out from any Port in the E<aft Indies before cleared out in

(he firii Day of September ant thtm&nd eight hundred and one, and that the Bounties by. this Act granted the Eatt Indies,

on all such Rice shall be payable and paid upon all Rice imported in any such Ship or Veifcl, in every Cafe before Septem-

where the Voy.ge fh:.ll have been performed according to the Regulations that shall have been entered into r» ,8o,»

with the Court of Directors of the said Company in reipeft of such Voyage. where^hi*

■ Voyage shall have-been performed, according to the Agreement -with the Pirrltor*.

XXVL And be it further enacted, That all Forfeitures created and Penalties inflicted by this Act, for Recovery and

Offences committed in England and Scotland respectively, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and re- Application of.

covered, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at bVcjlminJlef, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edin- Fcr£aturcl*

burgh, nespectively, in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as,Penalties infiifted or

Forfeitures created in England and Scotland respectively, for any Offences against the Laws of Customs

may now be legally sued (or, prosecuted, and recovered, and the Produce di (poled of in like Manner and

applied to the like Ules and Purposes, unless otherwise specially provided for by this Act.

XXVII. Provided always. That any Penalty or Forfeiture infiifted by this Act on any Cornfactor or* penalties-on

Importer, or on any Infpcctor of Corn Returns, may be sued for and recovered before any two justices of Ccrnfattoni,

the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, or Town, where such Cornfactor or importer, or In- Importer*, or

speftor cf Corn Returns, shall reside ; and such two Justices shall, and they are hereby-authorized and re- Jufyedrorx of

quired, if upon due Proof and Examination of the Matter it shall appear to them rhatfuch Cornfactor or

Importer, or I. speftor of Corn Returns, is guilty of the Offence against mis Act then aliedged against hefer/two

him, to convict him thereof, and by Warrant under their Hands and Seals to levy such Penalty by Jui'ti.cs.

LHftrefc and Sale of his Goods ^nd Chattels; and fudh Penalty shall be applied in Manner herein-be-

fore mentioned. . "1 . ;

XXVIII Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That no Bill, Plaint, or Information, No Action ilialL

shall be brought or sued forth in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at tVejlminster, for any Offence be brought in

against this Statute, in Cafes where such Offences are by this Act cognizable by Justices of the Peace *n-v Court of

relating to the fame Offences, or any Forfeitures or Penalties for the fame, but that the De*ermiria- < cog-*

tion of the Justices of the Peace in the County where such Offence or Offences shall be commuted, shall p.^ibiWy

be final to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any .Thing herein contained to the contrary tntreof not- Juitias; whole

Withstanding. v J *' Determination

shall tv finaL

XXIX. And belt further enacted, That if any Actionor Suit shaft be brought or eomrrfencod against Limitation of

any Person or Persons for any Thing by him, her, or them done# by virtue or in pursuance ofr this Act, Actions three

such Act ion or Suit shall be commenced within three Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and Momh*

shall be laid,in the proper County, and the Defendant*or Defendants in such Action or Suit (hftl and

may plead me General issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be General Iflbe.

had thereupon ; and if .afterwards a Verdict shall pal's for the Defendant or Defendants, or .the.Plaintiff

or Plaiptiffs flull discontinue his, her; or theii Action jor Actions, or, he nonsuited, or, Judgment shall be

given against him, her, or shem upon Demurrer or otheAvife, then' such Defendant or Defendants shall Treble Coils.

Save Treble Costs awai^tdHo him, heV, or t^roj agiiiift such Pfaintiff or PIainsrffs.J - - . -

SCHEDULE.

