A.D. 1799* Anno trieelimo nono Georgu III, C. 106. 191

For the County of Montgomery, five hundred and twenty-one :

For the County of Pembroke, with the Town and County of the Town of Haverfordwest, three hundred

and seventy-seven 1

For the County of Radnor, two hundred and sixty-one:

and that the Number of Menfo remaining shall be liable to further Reduction, in the Proportions, and in

* the Manner, and at the Time hereinafter limited and appointed. reduced as C

after stated.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, and

Company of Militia raised and serving for any County, Riding, or Place, herein-before mentioned, shall,

within twenty Days from the passing of this Act, cause Returns of the respective Numbers of effectice Pri-

vate Militia Men actually serving in the Regiment, Battalion, or Companies of Militia, under the Com-

mand of such Officer, to be made to the General Meeting of Lieutenancy of the County, Riding, or

Place, to which l'uch Militia (bad belong, in order that a RuJudion of the lame may take Place for every

County, Riding, or Place, where the Numbers actually serving shall exceed the Proportion herein-before

specified ; and that the Number hereby required may be speedily and effectually supplied from and by such

Counties, Ridings, and Places, where the Number actually serving shall fall short of the Proportion herein-

before specified.

Commanding

Officers shall

cause Returns

of the Number

Of iffeClive Mco-

to be made to

the General

Meeting of

Lieutenancy,

that the Excess

may be reduced,

or the Deficiency supplitd.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in every Cafe where it shall be requisite to supply by Ballot the

Number of Men appointed to serve in the Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, under the Provisions

of this Act, the additional Man or Number of Men required to complete such Quota or Number of Men,

. shall be raised, provided, and chosen by Ballot in the Manner directed by and under the Rules and Re-

gulations prescribed in the said Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

V. And be it further enacted, That everyTerfon who shall be chosen by Ballot and enrolled in the said

Militia, after the passing of this Act, shall, upon Notice in the Manner directed by the said Act of the

twenty-sixth Year aforesaid, appear at such Meeting as shall be appointed by any three or more Deputy

Lieutenants co be holden for that Purpose, and there take the following Oath ; (that is to say,}

4 j[ A. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will he faithful, and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty

4 King George ; and I do Iwear, that I will faithfully serve in the Militia, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain, for the Defence of the fame, during the Term of five Years, for which I am enrolled* unlefe I

4 (nail be sooner discharged/

VI. And,be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be enrolled as* a Substitute or Volunteer to

serve in the said Militia, shall, at the Time of such Inrolment as aforesaid* take the followingOath ; (that is

to say,)

4 j A* B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty

4 King Geo ge ; and I do swear, that I will faithfully serve in the Kingdom of Great Britain for the De-

4 fence of the fame, during the Term of five Years, or for such further Time as the Militia shall remain

4 embodied, unless I shall be sooner discharged.’

VII. And be it further enacted. That the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, at any General Meeting of

Lieutenancy, and the Deputy Lieutenants acting for such County, Riding, or Place, in their respective

Subdivisions, shall, in rafting such De ficiency, tafce into Consideration the Number of effectice Privates

actually serving for each Parish or Tything of such County, Riding, or Place, in the said Militia, and shall

cause the Number of Men who shall be at any Time hereafter required to supply such Deficiency, to be

raised and ballotted for out of those Parishes, Townships, and Tythings, that shall not have raised their ro-

spective Proportions, according to the Number of Men then serving for the Whole of the Militia of such

County, Riding, or Place respectively \ and shall in like Manner cause the Number of Men necessary for

supplying such future Vacancies as may arise in such Militia, or any Part thereof, to be raised, chosen, and

bsdlotted for out of such taft mentioned Parishes,. Townships, and Tythings, until such Time as each Pa-

rifty, Township, and Tything shall have, raised its due Proportion, according to the Di red ions of this

Ad ; and shall raise the Men required to be raised by this Act by such Rules as are prescribed for raising

Men for such respective Regiments, Battalions, and Companies of Militia in the said Act, passed in the

twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty’s Reign before mentioned, without Regard to the Circumstance whether

such Vacancy arose from among the Militia established by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his Ma-

*j«fty’s Reign, or the said Supplementary Militia, or among any Volunteers raised under the said Act of the

thirty-fourth Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

VIIL Provided always. That whenever the Lifts of two or more Parishes, Townships-, Tythings, or

Places, shall have been added together for the Choice of any Militia Man or Men in pursuance of the said

several Acts before mentioned, or any of them, and a Vacancy shall arise after the Time when the several

'Pantiles, Townships, Tythings, and Places in the County, Riding, or Place, in which such Militia Man

€>r Men shall have been raised, (hart have completed their jpft Proportions, according to this Act, then, and

in every such Cafe, a Militia Man shall be ballotted to supply such Vacancy, and so from Time to Time

whenever such Vacancy shall arise, out of the Lifts returned for the Tame Parishes, Townships, Tythings-,

and Places so added together, in the same Manner a * by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty is directed to be done when the fame Parishes, Townships, Tythings, and Places

were added together, in order to raise the Militia Man who shall have otoufioned such Vacancy.

IX, And

The additional

Men to com-

plete the Quote*

shall be chofetv-

by Ballot as di-

rected by »6

Geo. 3. c. 107.

and on Notice-

(ha!l appear,.

and t*ke the

following.

Oath.

Substitutes fhatt-

take the follow-

ing

Oath.

Directions for

raising Men tfr*

supply Defici-

encies.

Vacancies arifs

ing after Places

whose Lifts

have been added

together, have

raised their

Quota, shall be

supplied out of

such Lifts, as

directed by 26

Geo. 3. c. icy*

