184 G.^94» 95* Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A. D. 1799.

Treasury, and if

any Surplus re-

mains after

Payment of the

Sums to he paid

thereout, it

shall he paid

into the Exche-

quer, and if not

sufficient, the

Deficiency Hull

be p^d out of

the Consolidated

fame, as shall be approved by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being; and a parti-

cular and dittinft Account shall be kept thereof, and the fame shall be accounted for to the Lords Commis-

(ioners of the Treasury for the Time being, who are hereby required to direct the Surplus, if any shall remain

after Payment of the bums hereby directed to be paid thereout, to be paid into the Exchequer, and carried

to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund; but in case the Proportion of Fees, Allowances and Emolu-

ments herein-before directed to be received for making the several Payments directed by this Act to be paid

thereout, shall not be sufficient to answer and pay the feme, then and in that Cafe the said Salary of three

thousand Pounds per Annum, and such other Payment as aforesaid, or the Deficiency thereof, shall be paid

and payable out of any Monies carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund, not already directed to

be applied by any Act or Acts of Parliament.

Fund.

The Office of IV. And be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful to grant the

Mto°belhC Office Matter and W orker of his Majesty’s Mint, in any other Manner than subject to the Directions of

grimed flbjeft this A£K

to the Directions of this Act.

22Geo. 3. c. 45. V. ‘ And whereas the Covenants contained in »the Indenture usually made between his Majesty and the

theM irter of to * Matter and Worker of his Majesty’s Mint, are not in the Nature of a Contract coming within the

the Mint. 4 Meaning and Intention of an Act, passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

* intituled. An Act for refraining any Person concerned in any Ccv.tr aft, Commilfton, or Agreement, made for

* the Publick Service, from being elected or fitting and voting as a Member of the House of Commonsbe it

enacted, That nothing in the Lid Ad shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Person holding the

Office of Matter and Worker of his Majesty’s Mint.

CAP. XCV.

An Act to permit Goods the Produce of any Foreign Colony in America,> imported

directly from thence in any Ship or Vessel belonging to the Subjects of any Country

or Place in Amity with His Majesty, to be entered and tended without Payment of

the Duty granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament for the better Protection

of the Trade of this Kingdom.—[12th July 1799*]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Goods, Wares, and Merchandize* being of the Growth and Pro-

duce of any Foreign Colony, Island, or Plantation in America, imported into this Kingdom directly

from any such Colony, Island, or Plantation, in Ships belonging to the Subjects of the United States of

America, or of any other Country or Place in Amity with his Majesty, under the Authority of any Order

or Orders of his Majesty in Council, should be permitted to be entered, landed, and warehoused, without

Payment of the Duty of Customs imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act

for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom ; and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs

on Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of certain 6 hips entering Outwards or Inwards to or from

Foreign Parts. until thejigring the Preliminary Articles of Peace: A J ay it therefore please your Majesty that

it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, 'That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-nine, it shall and maybe lawful for the Officers of his Majesty’s Customs, to permit any Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize, being of the Growth and Produce of any b oreign Colony, ittand, or Plantation in

America, and imported into this Kingdom directly from any such Colony, Island, or Plantation, in any

Ship or Vessel belonging to any of the Subjects of the^United States of America, or of any other Country

or Place in Amity with his Majesty, to be entered and landed in this Kingdom without Payment of the

Duty of Customs imposed by the said recited Act ; provided such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall

be permitted to belauded and warehoused in this Kingdom by virtue and under the Authority of any Order

or Orders of his Majesty in Council.

38 Geo. 3. e. 76.

recited.

Goods of the

Growth of any

• Foreign Colony

in America, im-

ported direct ly

(rom thence in

Vessels belong-

ing to Subjects

of any Place in

Amity with his

Majesty, may

be landed without Payment of thcCustom Duty imposed by the recited Act, if permitted by Order in Council )

and may be de-

livered for Ex-

portation with-

out Payment of

such Duty; but

if delivered for

Home Con-

(umption, the

Duties imposed

by that Act, and

c. 63. 0* tl.e prtfcm Session

II. And be it further enacted, That any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so imported, landed, and

warehoused, (lull and may be afterwards delivered from any such Warehouse for Exportation to Foreign

Parts without Payment of the Duty of Customs imposed by the said recited Act on the Exportation of any

such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize : Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or becon-

ftrued to extend, to exempt Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, so imported as aforesaid, from the Payment of

any of the Duties imposed by the said recited Act, in case any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be

taken out of any Warehouse for the Purpose of being used or consumed in this Kingdom, or from the Duties

of Customs granted by an Act of this present Session of Parliament.

shall be paid.

CAP,

C. 000 le

