124 c. 59.

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

which they are

unshipped fh.dl

also bt kabie.

No warehoused

Goods shall be

exported to any

Pait of Ed rope,

in VeffUs of ids

than ico Tons

1 tion to Foreign Parts, are by the Laws now in Force, or by this prefect Act, made liable to Forfeiture

4 for being unfnipped at Sea, or landed in the Islands of Guerrfey, Jsrf<y> Alderney, Sark, or Man, or the

Islands of Far$ or Ferro, or relanded in this Kingdom, that the Ship or Vellet out of or from which any

4 such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be so unshipped, landed, or reianded, should also be subj.dt

and liable to Forfeiture :* He it therefore enacted, That where by this present Act, or any other Act or Acts

of Parliament in Force on or immediately before the thirty-fir It Day of Align ft one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-nine, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize which have been shipped in order to be ex-

ported to Foreign Parts, are or shall be liable to Forfeiture f-r or cn Account of the fame being unshipped

at Sea, or landed in the Islands of Guemjey, Alderney, Sark, or Alan, or the Islands of Faro ox

Ferro, or relanded in thisJKingdom, then, and in such Cafes, the Ship or Veiled out of or from which any

such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, thall be so unshipped, landed, or relainled, shall be subject and

liable to Forfeiture, together with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, and shall

and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Culloms.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever, which shall have

been lodged or secured in Wanjhouses according to the Regulations of this Act, shall afterwards be exported,

or entered for Exportation, to any Part of Europe from any such Warehouse or Warehouses, in any Snip or

Vefiel whatever which shall not "be of the Burthen of one hundred Tons or upwards.

Burthen;

r.orshall any XVI. And be it further enacted, That no wrought Silks, Bengals, or Stuffs mixed with Silk or Herba*

ft»zcd wrought of the Manufacture of*Perfw, China, or Ecjl India, nor any Callicoes printed, dyed, painted, or (tamed there.

Silks, Calikocs, which shall have been or (nail be seized under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the

r id after bTnRf Revenue of Customs, shall, after Sale thereof at any Custom House in Great Britain, be exported, or entered

tom Housein " ^ Exportation to any Part of Europe, in any Ship or Vessel which shall not be of the Burthen of one hun-

Creat Britain, dred 'Fons or upwards,

be exported in ftnaller Vcficls.

Seized Goods

shall be export-

ed from the Port

of London only.

IVize Goods

thall'be subject

to the like Du-

ties, and enti-

tled to the like

Drawbacks, as

Goods imported

by the Company

are by this Ac!}

and also Goods

imported by

virtue cf any

Ad in Feici on

A«g- 31, 1799-

Act Hull not

alter Duties

1 payable to the

-ity of Lon-

don,

nor 3$ Geo.

c. 76.}

XVII. Provided always, That when any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which have been or shall

be so seized, shall be intended for Exportation, and the fame shall be in any Port of Great Britain, other than

the Port of London, it shall not be lawful to export such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize from any such Port*

but that the fame shall be removed, according to the Laws and Regulations now in Force to the Port of

London, and shall be exported from the said Port of London c nly.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize,

of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of China or the East Indies, taken and condemned as Prize,

shall be subject to such Duties, and entitled to such Drawbacks, as the like Sorts of Goods are respectively

subject and entitled to by this Act when imported by. the said United Company, and shall be subject and

liable also to all and every the additional Regulations and Reltridtions enjoined and required by this Act;,

and that all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of India or

China, or other Parts within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the said United Company, imported or

brought into this Kingdom by virtue or under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on

and immediately before the said thirty-first Day of Au^uft one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine,

shall be subject to such Duties, and entitled to such Drawbacks, as the like Sorts of Goods, Wares, or

Merchandize, are subject and entitled to by this Act when imported by the said United Company, and shall

be also subject and liable to all and every the additional Regulations and Restrictions enjoined and required

by this Act.

XIX. Provided likewise, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conflrucd to extend, to

repeal or in any wise alter the Duties of Package, Scavage, Rallirge, or Portage, or any other Duties-payable

to the Mayer arid Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or to the Lord Mayor of the said City

for the Time being, or to any other City or 'Town Corporate within the' Kingdom of Great Britain, or tc*

any special Privilege or Exemption to which any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, is or are

now entitled by Law, but the fame shall be continued as aforesaid.

XX. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained Hull extend, or be construed to extend, to re-

peal, or ix> any wile vary or alter the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament during the Continuance

thereof.

ror to allow XXL Provided likewise, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

Importation permit or allow any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever to be imported into, or exported from Great

ii.tu,or Export- Britain, in any Way or Manner contrary to any A cl or Acts of Parliament in Force on and immediately

before the fjid thirty-fir li: Day of Aaguftone thoufnd seven hundred and ninety-nine, except in any Caus

olxlul* w^ere Provision is expressly made for that Purpose in this Act.

iomrary to AOs in Force on Au&uA 31, 1799.

D tic', to f't:

It inter tht Mr-

noj the

CommOioners

i ! C uitonis, and

to br paid int®

the Exchequer.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties of Customs by this Act imposed shall be under the

Manag rment of the Commissioners of the Culloms in England for the Time being*, and that all the Monies

a riling from Time to Time by the several Duties by this Adtimposed (the necessary Charges of raising and

accounting for the fame reflectively excepted) (h*ll from Time to lime be paid into the Receipt of of his

Majesty’s Exchequer at Westminster; and the said Money, so paid in as aforesaid, shall be carried to and

made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

XXIII.. And

