XXW

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

Reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening,

and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, lo

far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the

Town of IVrexlxjrn in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre

Bridge in the County of Flint. Fage 48 5

xxxii. An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the thirty-fifth

Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An At1

for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of

Aberdeen; and for the more effectually amending, wi-

dening, repairing, and keeping in Repair the said Roads,

and other Roads in the said County, and for levying a Con-

version Money in lieu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise

regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and

Bridges in the said County. Ibid.

xxxiii. An Act for draining, improving, and preferring the

Low Lands and Grounds within the ToWnships of Croft

ton, Mawdejley, Ru fjord, Bfpham, Tdrleton, and B r ether-

ton, in the County Palatine of Lane after. ' Ibid.

xxxiv. An Act for enlarging the Powers of so much of two

Acts, made in the twenty-ninth and thirty-third Years cf

the Reign of his present Majesty, for making and repair-

ing certain Roads in the County of Perth, as relates to the

' Road from Perth to Cupar, or the Neighbourhood thereof,

towards Glammis, as far as the Confines of the said County.

Ibid.

-xxxv. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the

Poor of the Parish of Saint John Hampjhadm the County

of Aliddlcjex. 486

.xxxvi. An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprie-

tors of the Rochdale Canal to raise Money for complet-

ing the said Canal, and to vary the Line of the said Canal,

and to alter, explain, and amend, the Ad, passed in the

thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for

making the said Canal. Ibid.

xxxvii. An Act to enable the Dearne and Dove Canal Com-

pany to finish and complete the said Canal, and the several

Collateral Cuts branching therefrom; and for explaining,

amending, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in

the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

for making and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral

' Cuts; and for encreasing the Tolls thereby granted. Ibid.

xxxviii. An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in

the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

for making and maintaining the Peak Fore/} Canal; and for

granting to the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal

further and other Powers. Ibid.

xxxix. An Act for enabling the Huddersfield Canal Com-

pany to finish and complete the Huddersfield Canal; and

fer amending the Ad, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, for making and main-

taining the said Huddersfield Canal. . Ibid.

*1. An Act for amending and making more effectual an Act,

passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, for embanking, draining, and preserving certain

Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parish of Ramsey% in

the County of Huntingdon, and in the P^rifhcs of Dcdding-

ton, March, Benwick, l/imblington, and Chatteris, within the

Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge; and for amend-

ing the Road from a certain Bridge in the Parish of Chat-

teris aforesaid, called Carter's Bridge, by a Drain called

Ferniuyden's, or The Forty Feet Drain, to a Bridge called

The Forty Feet Bridge, in the said Parish of Ram fey; so

far as the said Act relates to embanking the Lands therein

deferihed, balled by the Name of The Upper Dfilrief or

Division Ibid.

Xli- An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Sdiion of Parliament,

Xhe Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act,

passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, for building a Bridge across the River Tawey, at

a Place called The Wich Tree, in the Parish of Llanfamlctt,

to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Llangefelach, in the

County of Glamorgan; for making proper Avenues or

Roads to and from the said Bridge, and also for repairing

and widening the Road from Pentre Brock, near a Place

called Ahcrdwyberthy, in the Parish of Saint Johns, near

Swanfra, to the said intended Bridge. Fage 486

xlii. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying

into Execution two several Acts, passed in the thirty-fifth

and thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, for widening and improving the Entrance into the

City of London, near Temple Bar, for making a more

commodious Street or Pallage at Snow Hill\ and for raif-

ing, on the Credit of the Orphans* Fund, a Sum of Money

for those Purposes; and for explaining and amending the

said Acts. 487

xliii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from, or

from near, Lightpill Gaiey on the Road leading from Bath

to Dud!ridge, in the Parish of Rodborough, to join the

Turnpike Road from Painswick to Cheltenham, at or near

to Birdl.p, in the Parishes of Br imp field and Cowley, or one

of them, all in the County of Gloucester. 489

xliv. An Act for (hutting up and discontinuing certain Roads

and Foot Paths, leading through the Grounds of Sir Rich-

ard Brooke Baronet, in the 7'ownships of Norton and Hal-

ton, in the Parish of Runcorn, and County Palatine of

Chfiler, and for making and maintaining other Roads instead

thereof. Ibid.

xlv. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two

Acts, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his

late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing

and widening the Roads frdhi Chapel Bar, near the Weft

End of the Town of Nottingham to Newhaven, and from

the Four Lane Ends, near Oakerthorbe, to Ashborne, and

from the Cross Post on Wirksworth Moor, to join the Road

leading from Chc/lerfield to Chapel-cn-le-Frith, at or near

Longjton, in the County of Derby, and from Selfton to An-

neflcy Woodhouse, in the County of Nottingham. Ibid.

xlvi. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, alter-

ing, and improving, the Road from a Place called The

Stone Pillar or Crcfs Hand, in the Parish of Chippenham,

in the County of Wilts, to or near to a Bridge called Knox

Bridge, in the Parish of IVcjhrleigh, in the County of

Gloucester, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in

the said Counties of Wills and Gloucester. Ibid.*

xlvii. An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and

other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security

of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of

London. Ibid.

xlviii. An Act for providing a Workhouse for the Use of the

Parish of Aldbourne in the County of Wilts; and for ap-

pointing an additional Overseer for the better Govern-

ment of the Poor of the said Parish. 499

xlix. An Act for forming, paving, cleansing, lighting*

watching, watering, and otherwise improving, and keeping

in Repair, the Streets, Squares, and other Publick Pall'ages

and Places, which are and shall be made upon certain

Pieces or Plots of Ground, in the Parish of Saint Partcras,

in the County of A liddlesex, belonging to the A Just Noble

Francis Duke of Bedford. 501

I. An Act for enclosing and embellishing the Centre ot an

Area of a certain Square, intended to be called Ruffll

Square, purposed to be made in the Parish ol Saint George

1 o hloQtvJlury

c.ooooie

