512

Ct Ixxxix—xcii. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

f 31 Geo. 1.

c. 18; ao Geo*

3. c. az. J

[27 Geo.

c. 19.]

Cap. Ixxxix.

An Act to empower the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to purchase certain Housesand

Grounds contiguous to the Bank of England, and to enable them to improve several Avenues adjacent

thereto, [30th June 1800.]

Cap. xc.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, two Acts made in the thirty-first Year of the

Reign of King George the Second, and in the twenty-ninth Year of the Rei^n of his present Majesty, for

draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Jjle of Ely, and County of Cambridge,

between the Cam, otherwise Grant, (Jtijc, and Alil!enhallK\\i(txs, anti bounded on the South-east by the

hard Lands of Ijieham, Ford ham, Soham, and IVlckm; and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and

Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level,

to fell certain Lands within the said Lim'ts, commonly called Invested Lands; and for laying certain

Rates on Vessels navigated upon the said Rivers, towards supporting the Banks thereof.

[30th June 1800.]

Cap. xci.

An Act for better draining and preserving the Lands and Grounds in the Fourth Distrifl of the North

Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level; and for amending and rendering more

effectual an Act, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George die

Second, so far as relates to the said Fourth DistricL [30th June 1800. j

[So much of 27 €eo. II. Cap. 19. as enables the Commissioners to tax the Lands in the Fourth District for

the particular or internal Works thereof, and as relates to the Power of the Commissioners over those

Works repealed. New Commissioners appointed and empowered for those Purposes. 5000l. maybe

borrowed by Mortgage of the Taxes.]

Penalty on

Persons cfc-

stroying or da-

fnavrnif: Woiks

cl Drainage.

Cap. xcii.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Waste Lands, in the Manor of

JVorthen, and the Manors or Townships of Aston Pigot and Aston Rogers, in the Parish

of JVorthen, in the County of Salop, and for draining, and otherwise improving, certain

inclosed Lands adjoining or near a certain Rivulet and Brook called The Rea, com-

mencing at or near a certain Piece of Water called Marton Pool, on the Confines of the

Parish of Chit bury, and extending through the said Parish of JVorthen, to a Bridge across

the/aid River, called llor/e Bridge, on the Confines of the Parish of Westbury, in the

said County, and sundry Streams or Brooks-emptying themselves thereinto.

[30th June 180c,]

VII. AND be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall unlawfully, wilfully,

XX or maliciously spoil, damage, injure, or destroy any Watercourse, Sluice, Drain, Floodgate,

Weir, Embankment, Fence, or other Work which shall be made, erected, widened, or altered in pur-

fuance of this Act, for the preserving, draining, or improving of any of the said inclosed Lands, shall, on

Conviction at any Assizes, or any General Quarter Sections of the Peace, of or for the said County of Salop,

be deemed guilty of Felony, or if any Person or Persons shall in any Manner dam or stop up, damage or

injure any Watercourse, Sluice, Drain, Floodgate, Weir, Embankment, Fence, or other Work aforeM,

or willully throw, lay, place, orfuflerto be continued, any Matter or Thing for that Purpose, orforim-

ptding or which (lull impede the Course of the Water therein, or draw or pull up, open, shut, or let down

any of the Floodgates or Sluices, for the Purpose of doing or occasioning any Injury or Damage, or where-

by ary Injury or Damage shall happen to any of the lain Lands, or any other Lands near or adjoining

the fame, or to any of the Owners or Occupiers thereof, or shall plant any Tree cy 'Frees in any ct

the said Embankment, or so near thereto as to injure the fame, every such Person, being convicted

thereof by his or her voluntary Confession, or on the^Oath of a credible Witness, before any Justice

of the Peace for the said County of Salop, not interested in the Premises, (who is hereby authorized and

required to hear and determine the lame,) shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds

nor less than ten Shillings, as such Justice shall adjudge and order, over and besides the Amount of the Da-

mage thereby done, which Damage shall be ascertained by such Justice; and the said Eurfeiture anc

Amount of Damage shall be paid unto the said Commilhoner if it be received before the Execution of the

Avvaid, but if afterwards, then to the Surveyor or Surveyors, or one ct then, and such Part thereof as shall

be rcceflary^shall te applied in the rectifying and repairing the said Embankments and other Works aforcfaic,

and the Remainder thereof paid to the Fufon or Persons so injured, in such Manner as the said JusticeILIj

direct.

Ca

