A.D. X799*’ Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III.

C. 107. 201

X. Provided always. That the Authority to issue, re-issue, or negociate such Notes, Bills, and Tickets Such I/lue to

as aforesaid shall have Continuance until and upon the first Day of December one thoufandeight hundred, and £?ntinuetm

from thence until the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer. and to the Elld of the thenecne

XT. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, Bill, Ticket, From Dcc*

or other Note in the Nature of Bank Notes, shall, from and after the said first Day of December one thou-' n° A°

and seven hundred and ninety-nine, be issued or negociated in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland promlfforv*

for any Sums under five Pounds Sterling each, other than the said Sum of five Shillings, or the Sums of one Note ihaii be

Pound and one Pound and one Shilling Sterling each, under Pain that every Person offending herein shall for issued in Scot-

every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds. iand under 51-

• v Sterling, except for 5s. il. or ri. t$. on Penalty of 10I.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the said Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland\

or the said British Linen Company, the Carron Company, or any other Bank or Banking Company in Scot-

land herein-before mentioned or ddcribed, shall be desirous of issuing or reifluing such Notes for Sums of

five Shillings Sterling each without the fame being stamped as aforesaid, it shall be lawful fortherti respectively,

on their obtaining a Licence for that Purpose, and giving Security for the due Payment of the Duties in

, Manner herein mentioned, toiffue and re-issue such Notes in like Manner as such Notes may by this Act be

- issued or re-issued when duly stamped as by this Act is required. g!ving security for Payment of the Duties

Banks or Com-

panies in Scot-

land may issue

or re-issue

Notes for 5s.

Sterling un-

damped, on

licence, and '

[See § 15. &c.)

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Notes, Bills, and Tickets for the Sum of five Shillings

Sterling each,* which shall be issued, re-issued, or negociated under the Authority of this Act, by or on

Account of any Bank or Banking Company before described and duly licensed as aforesaid, and all such

Notes, Bills, and Tickets for Sums of one Pound or of one Pound and one Shilling Sterling each, which

shall be issued, re-issued, or negociated under the Authority of this Act, by or on Account of the Bank of

Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, duly authorized as aforesaid, shall, during the Term of such Licence

or Authority to be granted as aforesaid, be freed and exempted from the Stamp Duties granted by this

Act, upon the Terms and Conditions that the Bank or Banking Company by or on whose Account such

Notes, Bills, or Tickets shall be issued, re-issued, or negociated as aforesaid, shall pay the full Amount

of the Duties that would be payable on all such Notes, Bills, and Tickets, which shall be issued, re-issued,

or negociated by them respectively as aforesaid.

Notes for 5s*

issued by any

Banking Com-

pany x or for iL

or il. is- by the

Bank or Royal

Bank of Scot-

land, during the

Term of the

Licence, shall,

be exempt from

Stamp Duty,

upoh Condition that the Amount shall be paid. (&* § 19.)

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no such undamped Note, Bill, or Ticket, issued UnftamptNotes

in Scotland by any Bank or Banking Company under the Authority of this Act as aforesaid, shall be not tc?bc made

jnade payable at any other Place than the Place where the fame was first issued; and every such Note, otherthanUu*

Bill, or Ticket, which by the Tenor thereof shall not be payable at any other Place than the Place where piace where

the fame was first’ issued, shall and may be re-issued from Time to Time, during the Period in this Act first issued.

allowed, by the fame Bank or Banking Company who first issued the fame, without any Stamp or Mark

affixed thereon, in like Manner in every Respect, and according to the Rules and Regulations by which

Notes of any other Persons made payable in like Manner may be re-issued when duly stamped as by this Act

is directed.

XV. And be it further enacted. That the Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Commissioner*

Parchment, and Paper, or any two or more of them for the Time being, or some Person authorized by for stamp Du-

them, or’any three or more of them, shall, in the Manner herein directed, on Application for the fame, ££ g™nt

and on Payment of the Sum of five Shillings, grant Licences under their or his Hands and Seals respectively BankTto i^ue

to any Bank or Banking Company herein-before mentioned or described, to issue, re-issue, and nego- unfhmpt Notes

ciate all such Notes, Bills, and Tickets as aforesaid, for the Sum of five Shillings each, on undamped for 5s.

Paper, under the Authority of this Act and during the Continuance of the fame ; and every such Bank

and Banking Company before mentioned shall bc entitled to receive such Licence on Performance

of the previous Conditions herein required at some Office, to be appointed by the said Commissioners, in

Edinburgh. •

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Bank and Banking Company desirous of Banks defirois

obtaining such Licence as aforesaid shall cause to be registered with the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties of obtaining

at their said Office, to be appointed as aforesaid, at the Time of applying for such Licence as aforesaid, the Li:ences*

Name and Names by which such Bank or Banking Company may lawfully fuc and be feed, or the Firm ffftereT^ththe

and Description of such Bank or Banking Company; and shall also certify or cause to be certified to the Commissioners

Commissioneis of Stamp Duties, or their Officer appointed by them at their said Office, at the Time of for Sumps, the

applying for such Licence, the Name and Names, and Place or Places of Abode of the PartiTer or Part- Nnmesbywhich

ners. Agent or Agents, Cashier or Cashiers appointed or employed by such Bank or Banking Company to ‘bL>r ma>' be

keep the Book or Books of Account of the Notes, Bills, and Tickets so to be issued and re-ifilied as afore- Na resTnd*1*

said, and the Name or Names of the Place or Places where such Books of Account as aforesaid are or Abode the

shall be kept; and that whenever any other Person or Persons shall be appointed to succeed any such Partner Person* cm-

or Partners, Agent or Agents, Cashier or Cashiers as aforesaid, whole Name (h ill have been or ought ployed to keep

to have been certified to the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or their said Officer, according to the the Account q(

Directions herein-before given, then and in every such Cafe the like Certificate shall be made of the

Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode, of all and every such Successors and SuccclTor as a fore- ;

said to the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or their said Officer, within twenty-one Days after such

Person or Persons shall be appointed to succeed as aforesaid : and in case of Refusal or wilful Neglect in making

39 Geo. III. D d and

\

