XI

(Public Local & Personalj 39 GEO. III*

Common, by the Parish Church of Nuffield, otherwise

Tiff eld, in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford

to Wantage, and from thence to Farringdon, in the County

of Berks. Page 2 21

axxviii. An Act for altering, enlarging, and repealing some

of the Provisions in an Act, passed in the eighteenth Year

of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several

Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, and other

Roads adjoining thereto, in the County of Somerset; and

also for extending the Provisions of the said Act to a Road

from Tucker's Gate, in the Parish of Lyng, to Piper's Inn,

in the Parish of Aftocott, in the said County of Somerset

Ibid.

xxxix. An Act for continuing for thirty-eight Years, and ren-

dering more effectual several Acts for charging a Duty of

two Pennies Scots (or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling)

on every Pint of Ale and Beer vended or sold within the

Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, and Privileges

thereof. 222

xl. An Act for continuing for thirty-eight Years, and ren

dering more effectual an Act, passed in the twenty-eighth

Year of the Reign q{ His late Majesty, for continuing the

Duty of twoPennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny

Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer vended or sold

within the City of Glasgow, and Village of Gorbals, and

Liberties and Privileges thereof. Ibid.

xli. An Act for better regulating and employing the Poor,

and for more effectually watching the Squares, Streets,

Lanes, and other Places, within that Part of the Parish

of Saint Andrew Holborn which lies above the Bars, in

the County of Middlesex, and the Parish of Saint George

the Martyr, in the said County. Ibid.

xlii. An Act for the better and more effectual Relief and

Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Samford\ in

the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

xliii. An Act for more effectually repairing'and amending the

Road leading from Long Horjeley Bar or Gate, on the Post

Road near the Town of Morpeth, by or through Long

Horseley, Weldon Bridge, and Whittingham, to the River

Breamifh, and from thence to Piercy's Cross^ in the

County of Northumberland, to continue in Force for

twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the

then next Session of Parliament. Ibid.

xliv. An Act to amend two Acts, made in the twenty-

eighth and thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present

Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of

Leith. Ibid.

xlv. An Act for explaining and amending two Acts, passed

in the thirty-first and thirty-second Years of the Reign

of His pretent Majesty, for repairing the Roads from

Livingstone, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glas

gOw, and other Roads therein mentioned. Ibid.

xlvi. An Act for making and repairing the Road from Dunkeld

to Coupar of Angus, by the Bridge of IJla, and the Road

leading out of the Road between Dunkeld and Perth to

the Boat at Cafuth, by or through the Village of Stanley

in the County of Perth, to continue in Force for twenty-

one Years* and from thence to the End of the then next

Session of Parliament. Ibid.

xlvii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of two

Acts, the one passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of

His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other

in the second Year of the Re:gn of His present Majesty,

for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road

leading from Burleigh Bridge, in the Town of Loughbo-

rough, to Ashby-de-ia-Zouch, in the County of Leicejhr ,

and for repairing and widening the Road, branching out of

the said Road at Coleorton Church, over Cohort on Moor, and

through WorthingtoH and Sutton Bonington, to Remfston,

in the Counties of Leicester and Nottingham. Page 222

xlviii. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and

keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at

the Bottom of Shaw Hill, in the Parish of Melkjham,

through Googe's Lane, Corfham, Biddestone, and Weft

Yaiton, to the Turnpike Road at Upper Coombe, in the

Parish of Cqftle Coombe, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

xlix. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, alter-

ing, and improving the Road at or near Beckhampton, and

from the North Side of Swindon to the Carpenter's Arms

in Blunfden, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in

the County of Wilts. Ibid.

1. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and altering and amending the Powers, of three

several Acts, passed in the twenty-fifth, twenty-seventh,

and thirty-third Years of the Reign of His late Majesty

King George the Second, for repairing and widening the

Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County of

Leicester, to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the

County of Huntingdon. zz j

li. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, im-

proving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Gateshead,

in the County of Durham, to the Church Lane, near ,

Ryton Lane Head, and from the Bar Moor to the Hex-

ham Turnpike Road, near Dilfton Bar, in the County

of Northumberland, and also several other Roads therein

described, lying within the said Counties. Ibid.

lii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving

the Road from Skipton in the County of York, to Clitheroe

in the County of Lancaster. Ibid.

liii. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Tweed, at

or near the Town of Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh.

Jd>d.

liv. An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Eftaus of the

Right Honourable John Lord Rolle in Trustees, to fell or

exchange the fame, and purchase, or take in Exchange,

other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses.

Ibid.

lv. An Act for vesting certain Estates i nTokenhouse Yard,

in the City of London, in the Trustees of the other Settled

Estates of the Marquis of Lanfdown and the Right Honour-

able John Henry Petty, commonly called Earl of Wy-

combe, in Trustto be (old, and for laying out the Monies

arising from the Sale in the Manner therein directed; and

for empowering the said Trustees of the said Settled Estates

to apply the Monies arising from the Sale of any Part

thereof in the Manner therein directed; and for discharg-

ing the said Settled Estates from a Rent Charge of five hun-

dred Pounds given to James Petty Esquire, and the Heirs

Male of his Body, by the Will of Henry formerly Earl of

Shelburne, deceased. Ibid.

lvi. An Act for vesting Partcf the Settled Estates of Simon

Payne Esquire, and Hester his Wife, in the County of

Ghucester, in Trustees, to be exchanged for Part of their

unfetiled Estates, in the County tf Somerset. Ibid.

lvii. An Act for dividing, allotiing, and inclosing, a certain

Tract or Parcel of Common, Waste, and Marfi) Grounds,

called Thornton Marsh, within the several Parishes cf

Pculton and Bifpham, in’the County Palatine of Lan-

caster. Ibid.

lviii. An Act for regulating the Rates of Porterageto be taken

by Innkeepers and other Persons within the Cities of Lon-

don and Westmirjler, the Borough of Southwark and Places

adjacent. ^ Ibid.

b 2 lix. An

Digi d by

