C. 90. Anno 39° & 40® Georg™ III. A.D. 180a.

IX. Provided also, That if any Actionor Suit shall hereafter be commenced or prosecuted against any

Person or Persons, for any Thing done under, by virtue, or in the Execution of this Act, such Person or

Persons may plead the General issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence ; and if the Plain-

tiff shall become nonsuited, or suffer Discontinuance, or forbear further Prosecution, or if Judgment shall be

given for the Defendant or Defendants, such Defendant or Defendants shall recover his, her, or their full Costs,

for which he, (he, or they shall have like Remedy as in Cafes where Costs by Law are given to De-

fendants.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Justice of the Peace,

being also a Matter Cotton Weaver or Manufacturer, shall act as such Justice under this Act; any Thing

herein contained^ or any former Statute, Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary thereof ir\ any wife not-

withstanding.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act con-

tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, abridge, annul, or make void any of the Clauses,

Provisions, Remedies, or Powers contained in the several Acts made and passed in the nrft Year of the

Reign of herlate Majesty Queen Anne* and in the thirteenth and twenty-third Years of the Reign of his

late Majesty King George the Second, and in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or

in any or either of them, or in any other Act or Acts relating to the said Trade heretofore made and Daffed,

so far as the Came enact, provide, or inflict any Pains, Penalties, and Punishments upon or against such

Workmen, and so far as the lame enact, provide, or afford any Remedy or Remedies to the Matters

against the Workmen engaged in the said Trade or Manufacture (save and except where such Remedy

and Remedies relate to Wages) j any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary the/eof in any wise not*

withstanding.

they provide Penalties on. such Workmen, or afford Remedies to Mailers (except where they relate to Wages).

Publick Act* XIL And be it further enacted. That this Act shall be taken and allowed to be a Publick Act in all Courts

within this Kingdom* and all Judges and Justices of the Peace are hereby required to take Notice thereof u

such, witbput specially pleading the same.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers:

FORM of the OATH to he adrainiftered by the Arbitrators to the Parties and Witnesses under

this Act.

fTHE Evidence that youshall give before us the Arbitrators appointed by A. B. and C. D. (the Parties tr

the SuhmifRon), to determine the Matters in Difference between them, under and by virtue of an Act,

passed in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act, (fate the Title of the

At7), shall be the Truth, the^Whole Truth, and nothing but the Truth*

. So help you GOD*

’ FORM of the SUBMISSIONS to ARBITRATION, and of the Award to be made in pursuance of

this Act.

1 A* 2? of, lAc. (set forth the Name, Residence, and Deferspt ion oj the Partydo hereby nominate and

* appoint C*D. of, fifr. my Arbitrator under and by virtue of an Act, passed in the fortieth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Ati, (set forth the Title of the Ati)^ to hear and determine the

Matters in Difference between me and E, F. of, &c,

I E* F. of, &c. do, appoint G. H. of, fcfr* to be my Arbitrator under the said Act for the Purpose

aforesaid.

FORM of the AWARD or UMPIRAGE to be made by the Arbitrators or Umpire, and to be written

at the Foot of the Submission.

WE/-/, and L. M. of, the Arbitrators above appointed* [or I M O. of (Ac. the Justice, as

the Cafe may beJ, do hereby adjudge and determine that, ts'e. (here set forth the Determination to which

the Arbitrators or Justice^ as the Cafe may be, shall subscribe their Names).

Witness,

P.$j

FORM of CONVICTION in a pecuniary Penalty.

gE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of his Majesty's Reign, and

• ftumnz.\ in the Year of our Lord A. B. is convicted before me, {or us, meaning * the Justices) one

ior, two) of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, (or, Riding, City, Liberty, Towmhip,

Jivision, or Place) of for that the said A. B. (Jiate the Offence, as for negktling to Jign the Sub•

15 aiijfwiy

442

General issue.

F«il Costs.

Justices who

are Cotton Ma-

nufacturers not

to a ft.

Nothing herein

shall repeal any

Provisions of

the Acts of

1 Anne, ft. a*

e. 18} 13

Geo. a. c. S

st Geo. a.

c. *7. [<zsu/ fee

*3 Gee. a.

$9] *7

Geo. 3. c.56.

or of any other

Act,so far as

