XXXV

(Public Local andPersonalJ 41 GEO. III.

several Acts, made in the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth

Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, and in the last

Session of Parliament, for empowering his Majesty to

secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty (nail fuf-

ped are conspiring against his Person and Govern-

ment* Page 591

PUBLICR LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

Anno 41 Georgii III.

LAN Ad to continue, for twenty-one Years,' and

from thence to the End of the then next Session of

nmtameot, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers,

of two Acts, passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of

his late Majesty King George the Second, and the eigh-

teenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for

repairing and widening the Road from Towcester^ through

Siherfton and BrackUy, in the County of Northampton,

and ArdUy and Middleton Stones, to JVfflon Gate, in

the Parish of Weston on the Green, in the County of

Oxford. 59a

ii. An Act to continue, for twenty-one Years, and'from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed in

the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

King George the Second, and the twentieth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing' and widening

the Road from a Place called The Old Gallows, in the

Parish of Sunning, in the County of Berks, through

Wokingham^ New BracknowL, and Sunning Hill\ to Vir-

ginia frater, in the Parish of Egham, in the County of

Surrey. Page c^z

iii. An Act for the better Relief of the Poor in the City

of Edinburgh, and the Suburbs thereof, and certain Diu

trids adjoining thereto. ibid.

iv. An Act for obviating a Doubt arising on the Power

of Sale and Exchange contained in a Settlement of

the Estates of the Right Honourable Henry Earl Ba-

thurst. ibid.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 41 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for naturalizing Joseph Augustus Vander-

Xjl merjch.

2. An Act for naturalizing Charles Michel Lultin.

3. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, Waste and other Lands, Com*

mons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Of*

ford Cluney, in the County of Huntingdon.

4. An Act /or dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Waste

Grounds, and also the Open Fields and Meadows, and

Commonable and intermixed Lands^ within the Parish of

Arlington, in the County of Gloucester.

5. An Act for naturalizing Christopb JVeltje.

