A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii IIL C. 1.—lviii,

C<2p. 1.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, the Term, and altering and amending the Powers, of three several Acts, paired in the twenty-

fifth, twenty-seventh, and thirty-third Years of the Reign of His late#Majesty King George the Second,

for repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, to the

Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon.—[13th June 1799.]

Cap. li.

An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from

Gateshead, in the County of Durham% to the Church Lane, near Ryton Lane Head, and from the Bar

Moor to the Hexham Turnpike Road, near Dilston Bar, in the County of Northumberland, and also feve-

ral other Roads therein described, lying within the said Counties.—[13th June 1799.]

Cap. lit.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Skipton in the County of York, to

Clitheroe in tile County of Lancaster.— [13th June 1799.]

Cap. liii.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Tweedy at or near the Town of Kelso, in the County of

Roxburgh. -“[13th June 1799. J

Cap. liv.

An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of the Right Honourable John Lord Rolle in Trustees, to fell

or exchange the fame, and purchase, or take in Exchange, other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof to the

fame Uses.— [ 13th June 1799 ]

Cap. Iv.

An Act forgetting certain Estates in Tokenhouse Yard, in the City of London, in the Trustees of the other

Settled Estates of the Marquis of Lanjdown and the Right Honourable John Henry Petty, commonly

called Earl of IVycombe, in Trust to be sold, and for laying out the Monies arising from the Sale in the

Manner therein direSed; and for empowering the said Trustees of the said Settled Estates to apply the

Monies arising from the Sale of any Part thereof in the Manner therein direSed; and for discharging the

' laid Settled Estates from a Rent Charge of five hundred Pounds given to James Petty Esquire, and the

Heirs Male of his Body, by the Will of Henry formerly Earl of Shelburne, deceased.

[>3* 1799J

Cap. lvi.

An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of Simon Payne Esquire, and Hefter his Wife, in the County

of Gloucester, in Trustees, to be exchanged for Part of their unsettled Estates, in the County of Somerset.

[13th June 1799.]

Cap. Ivii.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain TraS or Parcel of Common, Wade, and Marfti

Grounds, called Thornton Marsh, within the several Parishes of Poulton and Bijphamy in the County

Palatini of Lancaster.—[13th June 1799 ]

223

Cap. lviii.

An Act for regulating the Rates of Porterage to be taken by Innkeepers and other Persons -

within the Cities of London and Westminfar, the Borough of Southwark> and Places ad«

jacent.—[-21 ft. June 1799.]

^117’HEREAS great ExaSions and Abuses are daily praSifed in the Porterage or Delivery of Boxes,

^ Baskets, Packages, Parcels, Trusses, Game, and other Things, within the Cities of London and

and the Borough of Southwark, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof respectively, and

other Pairs contiguous thereto, brought by Stage Waggons, Carts, Publick Srage Coaches, or Car-

4 riages: And whereas the Laws nowin being are insufficient for the Prevention T such ExaSions and

4 Abuses: May it oleafeyour Majesty that it may beenactedT and be itenaSed by the King’s most Ex-

cellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this pretent Parliament afi'embled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and alter the

fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, no Innkeeper, Warehousekeeper, or

other Person, to whom any Box, Basket, Package, Parcel, Truss, Game, or other Thing whatsoever,

not exceeding fifty-six Pounds Weight, is brought by any Stage Waggon or Cart, or any Punjick Stage

Coach or Carriage, or any Porter or ©thef Person employed by such Innkeeper, Warehoulekeeper, or

ether Person, in the Porterage or Delivery of any such Box,. Basket, Package, Parcel, Truss, Game, or

other 'Thing within the Cities of London and Wqfiminster, and the Borough of Southwark, and the Suburbs

and Liberties thereof respectively, and other Parts contiguous thereto, not exceeding the Distance of Half

a Mile from the End of the Carriage Pavecnentin the several Streets and Places within the said Cities, Bo-

rough,

.After July 5,

1799,no Person

shall charge

more than cer-

tain Rates for

Toiterage of

Parcels not

cceding Haifa.

C\>%

