A. D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III.

C. lxix. 251

imported in such Vessel, and not upon the Register Tonnage thereof; and that with respe£l to such Shins or

Vessels as shall arrive in any of the said Docks, from any other Part or Parts of the World than the IVeJl

Indies, with Goods, Wares, or Merchandize on board, of the Growth or Produce of the West Indies, the

said Rate or Duty of six Shillings and eight Pence per 'Von shall be payable only for and in Proportion to the

Quantity of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the Growth or Produce of the West Indies, on board of the

fame Ships respectively ; (that is to say,) six Shillings and eight Pence for evety Ton of the fame Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize, and not otherwise.

CXXXVIIl. Provided always, and be it enacted. That this A<3 shall not extend to charge with the said

Rate or Duty of six Shillings and eight Pence per Ton herein-before granted,'any Lighters or Craft entering

into the said Docks, or Basons, or Cuts, to convey, deliver, discharge, or receive Ballail or Goods, to, or

from onboard of, any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels.

CXXXIX. * And, to the Intent that the Rates or Duties imposed by this A & may be more effe£lually

4 collected and levied,’ be it further enacted. That in case any Owner or Owners, or Master, or other Person

having the Charge or Command of any Ship or other Vessel, charged or chargeable with any of the Rates

or Duties granted by this Act, shall refuse or neglect to pay the fame, then, and in every such Cafe, it shall

from Time to Time be lawful for the Collector or Collectors to be duly appointed inpuifuance of this Act,

to go on board such Ship or other Veffd, to demand, collect, and receive the said Rates or Duties, and on '

Non-payment thereof to take and distrain such Ship or other V eflel, and all her Tackle, Apparel, and Fur-

niture thereto belonging, or any Part thereof, and the fame to detain until the respective Rates or Duties shall

be satisfied and paid ; and in case of any Neglect or Default in Payment of the said Rates or Duties, for the

Space of five Days after any Distress or Distrefles so made or taken, that then it shall be lawful for the said

Collector or Collectors to cause the fame to be appraised by two or more Sworn Appraisers, or other suficient

Persons, not interested therein, and afterwards to fell the said Distress or Distrefles, and therewith to satisfy

himself or thdmselves, as well for and in respect of the Rates or Duties so neglected or refused to be paid,

and for which such Distrefe or Distrefles shall have been made or taken as aforesaid, as also for and in

respe£l of his or their reasonable Charges in taking, keeping, appraising, and felli ng the fame, rendering the

Overplus (if any there be) to the Master, Commander, Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, upon

Demand*

CXL. And be it further enacted, That if any Master, Owner or Owners, or other Person or Persons

having the Charge or Command of any Ship or other Vessel, shall by any Means whatsoever, at any Time

or Times elude or evade the Payment of the Rates or Duties hereby made payable, or any Part thereof,

each and every Person eluding or evading Payment as aforesaid, shall (land charged with, and be liable to

the Payment of the fame; and such Rates and Duties fhalVand may be recovered from such Master, or

Owner or Owners respectively, by the fame Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as areberein-after di-

rected for levying and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted, or authorized to be

imposed.

44 Tonnage or Admeasurement6f Ships shall be ascertained by the certified Tonnage in the Ship’s Register,

44 or in case of Dispute, according to z6Gco. III. Cap. 60. § 141. Collectors, dsfe. to have Access to Re-

44 gifters of Ships at the Custom House. § 142. Power to Collectors, &c. to measure, dsfc. Ships and Vef-

44 (els. Penalty on any Person obstructing such measuring, fc?c. not exceeding 10/. § 143.”

CXLIV. 4 And, to the Intent that the RateS^ or Duties by this Act imposed, may be duly accounted for

* and paid,’ be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Collefior of his Majesty’s

Customs, Inwards or Cpaftwife, in the Port of London, shall, on any Pretence whatever, permit or allow any

Shipor Vessel on which Duties of Tonnage are by this Act imposed, to be entered Inwards from Foreign

Parts or Coastwise, unless and until the Master or other Person having Charge of any such Ship or Vessel

shall have paid the Duties of Tonnage by this Act imposed, and shall have produced to the said Collector

a Certificate, under the Hand of chc Officer or Person appointed under the Authority of this Act to collect

and receive the said Duties, certifying that the Duties due and payable by virtue of this Act, on account of

any such Ship or Vessel have been fully paid ; nor shall any Co.iector of his Majesty’s Customs Outwards

or Coastwise in the Port of Londoon any Pretence whatever, permit or allow any Ship or Vessel, on which

-Duties of Tonnage are by this Act imposed, to be cleared outwards, unless and until the Master or other

Person having Charge of any such Ship or Vdlel shall have paid to the Officer or Person appointed under

the Authority of this A& to receive the samp, the full Duties of Tonnage by this Act imposed, with regard

to any such Ship or Vessel, which Payment shall be made appear by the Signature of the Officer or Person (o

appointed to receive such Duties to the Manfeft, Content, Cocket, Sufferance, or other Documents, which

must necessarily be produced to the said Col!e£or at the Time of clearing any such Ship or Vessel, either

Outwards to Foreign Parts,or Coastwise Outwards, as the Cafe may be ; which rest>edtive Certificates and

Signatures such Officers or Persons appointed, under the Authority of this Act, to receive the said Duties

are hereby required to sign and give accordingly without Fee or Reward, upon Pain of Forfeiture of twenty

Pounds, together with thcCoflsof Suit; and which Sum when forfeited shall be recovered in any of his

Majesty’s Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Eflbign, Wager

of Law, Privilege, or Protedlien, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

Exemption

Manner of re-

covering Rates*

Persons clod in5

the Payment to

continue

chargeable.

Custom House

Officers not to

discharge any

Vessel before

Duties paid.

Matters of Vef.

fcls to produce

Certificates or

certain other

written Evi-

dence of such

Payment,

which the Re-

ceivers of the

Duties must

give.

Penalty on

Refusal 10I.

* Common Council empowered to lewer or discontinue and again raise and revive the Transit Rates granted

€t to the Corporation, so as m case of railing they shall not be higher than as expressed in the Table. § 145.

44 Direflors may in like Manner vary the Rates, so as every Alteration be approved of by the Company.

* ,46> K k 2 CXLVII. And

[Sttftf § *55 ]

