A.D. 1800.

Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III.

C. xlvii.

497

ments, Lighters and Craft, so rendered lese valuable respectively, and to the Governors of Chri/Vs Hospital

aforesaid or their Successors, for the Injury, Loss, or Damage which such Owners, Occupiers, Porters, Car-

Owners of Lighters and Craft, and other Persons and Governors respectively shall have thereby fuf-

men.

The Treasury

empowered to

purchase the le

gal Quays, be-

tween London

Bridge and the

Tower.

fered or sustained, as shall be agreed on between the said Commissioners and such respective Owners, Occu-

piers, Owners of Lighters and Craft, and other Persons interested or employed as aforesaid, or between the

said Commissioners and Governors so far as relates to the said Car-roons.

CX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or Lords

Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, if they shall jhink proper, within the Period of two

Years next after the patting of this Act, to purchase of the several Owners, Lettees, and Occupiers of all or

any of the legal Quays, and the Warehouses, Buildings, and other Works annexed thereto, or usually occu

pied or employed therewith, situate between London Bridge and the Tower of London, or any Part or Parts

thereof, their several and respective Estates and Interests of and in the fame Premises respectively, and for

that Purpose shall have all necessary and requisite Powers to contrail with any Person or Persons whatsoever,

^>r their Trustees, Guardians, Committees, or Assigns, for such Price or Prices as may be agreed upon; and,

in case of Difference, for such Price or Prices as shall be settled by a Jury, to be summoned, impannelled, and

(worn in such Manner as is herein-before directed in respect of Purchases to be made by the said Dock Com-

pany; but so as that the Warrant or W arrants. Precept or Precepts, for the impannelling, summoning, and re-

turning such Jury, instead of being issued by the said Directors, or any five or more of them, shall be issued by

the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more

of such Lords Commissioners; and which Jury, in settling such Price or Prices, shall consider as well the

Goodwill and Improvements as any Injury or Damage that may affect any such rerfon or Persons, either as

Owner, Lessee, or Occupier: provided that such Goodwill shall be estimated by what in the Opinion of

such Jury the fame would have been worth in case the Improvements intended by this Act bad not

been in Contemplation; and all and every the Person or Persons, their Trustees, Guardians,

Committees, or Assigns so contrafted with, shall have full Power to convey all and every the Pre-

roifes, or any Part or Parcel thereof, to the said Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the

Treasury for the Time being, and their Successors, who for that Purpose shall be deemed and taken to be a

Body Corporate; and the said Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury shall be, and

are hereby empowered and directed to pay for such Purchase or Purchases, out of all or any of the Duties,

Revenues, and Income, composing the Fund called The Consolidated Fundi Provided always. That no

Owner, Lessee, or Occupier of, or other Person or Persons interested in any legal Quay or Quays, or any

Warehouse or Warehouses, Erections, Buildings, or other Works annexed thereto, or usually occupied or

employed therewith, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be compelled to dispose of his Estate and Interest in

the fame, unless the Whole of his, her, or their Property, as well in such legal Quay or Quays, as in the

Warehouses, Erections, Buildings, and other Works annexed thereto, or usualTy occupied or employed

therewith, or in the Part or Parts thereofin which he, file, or they shall be interested, shall be purchased.

*c Commissioners of Compensation under 39 Geo. 3. c. lxix. [5 *30.] to be the Commissioners for the like

w Purposes under this Act. §111.”

CXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the River Tolls or Duties imposed and

leviable by and under the said last recited Act, for the Purpose of providing a Fund for making Compenfa-

tions, shall be sufficient for making Compensations to the several Persons whose Claims thereto, by reason of

the Docks, Quays, and other Works to be made and erected under and by virtue of this present Act, shall r$ 134, &cfj

acknowledged or established, as well as the Compensations directed to be made by reason of the Docks, for making

Quays, or other Works to be made by virtue of the said former Act, no further or other River Toils or

Duties for the Purpose of Compensations shall beraised or leviable under this present Act. ent foTihc Pur-

' poses of both Acts, no additional River Toil to be levied.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any further Sum nr Sums of Money, other than such as

are directed to be raised by the said former Act, shall be deemed necessary or requisite for making Compen-

fations to the several Persons whose Properties may be affected by the Docks, Quays, and other Works to

be erected and made by virtue of this present Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners

for making Compensations, by and with the Consent of the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners

of the Treasury for the Time being, iignified by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and

Seals, but not otherwise, to impose an additional Toll or Duty upon all Ships or Vessels according to the

Scale of Rates for the like Purpose in the said recited Act, which additional Toll shall not exceed in Amount

the Toll imposed by the said recited Act for and during the Term of thirteen Years from the first Day of

jfugufi one thousand eight hundred, and to levy the Whole or such Part or Proportion of the said additional

Toll, and for such Time and Continuance; and subject to such occasional Sulpenlion, as shall be expressed

and declared in the said Warrants, or in any other Order or Orders under the Hand and Seal of the said

JLord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being; and that such Toll or

Duty shall be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Purposes of this Act.

In case the

River TolU t*

be levied under

the said A ft.

Sf any further

Sum Should be

deemed necef-

fary for Com-

pensation, an,

additional Toll

or Duty to be

levied, under

Warrant of iht

Lords of the

Treasury.

All Tolls or

Duties to be

raised by this

Act for Compensation to be paid to his Maxell)

4<

No Claims shall be made for such Compensations till three Years after Notice of the Docks, &c.being

ready for Use, &c. [asunder$ 128 of39 Geo.III. lxix.] Claimants may recover Compensation

Money from Persons who shall have wrongfully received the fame. $ 115. $ 35, 36 of 39 Geo. III.

3 S “ c. lxix.

39 & 40-Geo. III.

