44 C. 13.

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III.

A.D. 1799.

for the Sur- cf such Party or Parties assessed, as the Commissioners shall judge necessary to enable them to ascertain the

where no"Scl»e- true ^um ‘n PartY or Parties assessed ought to be charged.

«tule is delivered,) hem-ift, ten Days at least before the Hearing, deliver to the Commissioners of Appeal, or their sworn Clerk, a Schedule of hi*

Income; f free. zz- Sr bed* A.] hut no Relief shall be afforded him, unless he verify the Schedule on Oath, nor unless he, or liis Agent, shall answer all

Questions alked, and produce all Writings, Sec. demanded by the Commissioners.

Though a LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That in any Cafe where the Party assessed shall have

hisSchcdule u»c verl^ Particulars contained in his or her Schedule of Income upon Oath, and where the Surveyor or

Surveyo^may,10 Inspector shall nevertheless apprehend the Determination made by the said Commissioners to be contrary to the

on declaring true Intent and Meaning of this Ac!, or that they have disallowed any Surcharge, or allowed any Deduction

himself ditTatif- contrary to the fame, and shall then declare himself dissatisfied with such Determination, it shall and may be

tied with the* t lawful for such Surveyor or Inspector to require the said Commissioners to state specially and flgn the Cafe upon

Determination' which QiJeftion arose, together with their Determination thereupon ; which Cafe the said Commissioners,

demand a^Cafo* or major Part of them then present, are hereby required to state and sign accordingly, and tocause the

from them, to fame to be by him transmitted to the Commissioners cf Appeal, who are hereby required, with all conve-

be rent to the nient Speed, to return an Answer to the Cafe so transmitted, with their Opinion thereupon subscribed thereto,

Commissioners according to which Opinion so certified, the Afleilment, which shall have been die Cause of such Appeal,

cording ?o "* fta11 be altcred or confirmed,

whose Opinion the AflVflinent shall be settled.

In Appeals on LXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if^Appeal shall be made by virtue of this Act

Behalf of Per- on the Behalf of any Person or Persons who (bail be absent out of the Realm, or be prevented by Sickness

prevented from1, or ot^ler sufficient Cause from attending in Person the hearing of such Appeal, it shall be lawful for the

attending by Commissioners for hearing and determining such Appeal to postpone from Time to Time the hearing

Sickness, See. of such Appeal, or to admit other Proof of the Schedule than the Oath or Affirmation of such Party,

th« Comm if- if the said Commissioners shall be satished of the Truth of the Reason alledged for such Delay or Admil-

fionersmay (Jon Qf other Proof; and further, that it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners to dire# the

Hearing* or ad- levying of the .Sum so assessed to be stayed until the Determination of the Appeal postponed for any Cause

mit other Proof before mentioned.

of the Schedule tlian the Party’s Oath ; and may flop the levying of the Sum afoflfed.

Persons refusing

or neglecting to

make out and

deliver Lifts and

Statements re-

quired, to forfeit

rot exceeding

zoi.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person required in pursuance of this A# to make out and

deliver any List, Statement, or Schedule herein described, shall neglect or refuse to make out and iign such

Lift, Statement, and Schedule, or either of them, as the Cafe may require, and deliver or cause the lame to

be delivered to the Assessbr or Assessors within the Time herein mentioned, he or (hefo refusing or offending

shall, for every such Default or Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be re-

covered as any Penalty may be recovered under the said A#, or this Act.

Commissioners

under this ACb

flj-ill be assess-d

by the Commis-

iionas of A p-

peal ; [or by

: ru'i- u lal Cotn-

vnfli'nsrs, c. 4Z.

^ 6 J and the

Statements de-

livered by Coin-

m.flionerj (lull

1 *c transmitted

to the Com-

ni.llioners of

Apptil, who

ft ill act in all

ft;ch K . fj ee t . as

Comnri.lftoiu r j

t'o m oiiivi^ ;

i\ttifteate s of

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for hearing and determining Appeals, in

any County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, (lull assess all and every the Commissioners for

the Purposes of this A#, within the same County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place ; or within any

City, Town, or Place being a County of itself, situate within such County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or

Place; and whenever any List or Statement shall be delivered in pursuance of this Act by any such Com-

missioner for the Purposes thereof, or on his Behalf, or on his Default, such Lift or Statement shall be

forthwith transmitted to the Commissioners for hearing and determining Appeals for such County,

Riding, Shire, Stewartry, Or Place, who shall have Authority, and arc hereby required to assess and

determine the Sum which such Commissioner ought to contribute in pursuance of this Act; and such

Commissioners for hearing and determining Appeals shall and may a# in all Respects therein in the fame

Manner, and have and ule the fame Powers and Authorities in all Rcfpcds therein, as the Commissioners

for the Purposes of this Act can or may ad, and have and u'e, in Cafes of other Persons having any In-

come, chargeable by virtue of this Act: Provided always, That the Aid Commissioners for heating and

determining Appeals shall transinit, or cause to be transmitted,a Certificate of the Aiieflment so to be made to

the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, in order that the Amount thereof may be certified in the

Duplicates of Assessments to be made out and returned in pursuance of this Act, and.collected and levied

accordingly.

fuJi AlJuIincnts Hull be transmitted to the Com ml iTi oners, to be certified and returned, and the AiTcflment levied and collected, as in other Cates.

If Corn million-

ers or Commis-

fiom rs of A jj-

pr.il think

It.: iTlldvtS as;.

jm.c.mI by t;.c

A;r.if.n' nt

1114 J.c l n them

by eich other

kipcdiV' ly,

tlu y may r.pjv-.'il

a^amit t:.c Umc

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioner for the Purposes of thfs Ad shall think him-

fclf aggrieved by any Rate or Aflcfiinent to be made by the said Commissioners for hearing and determining

Appeals by virtue of this Act, or if any Commissioner ior hearing and determining Appeals shall think him-

Tels aggrieved by the Rate or A 111 (line nt to be made by the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act,

it Iluil and may be lawful for such respective Commissioner, within fourteen Days after Notice of any

(nob Aliellment made upon him by virtue of this Act,to appeal to tr.e Commissioners for hearing and clcter-

ing Appeals to be appointed in and for some County, Riding, Shire, or Stewartry immediately adjoining the

Cuunty, Riding, Siiire, or Stewartry, where such Cau'eof Appeal shall arise, at the Kledion of the Party

prrferring such Appeal ; and it Ihiii be lawful for the said last mentioned Commissioners of Appeal to hear

and dctei mine the Matter so refened to them, in the lame Manner, in all Relpedts, as if the Cause of Appeal

iud

1

