A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii IIL C. 17. 575

GAP. XVII.

An Act to prohibit until the first Day of October one thousand eight hundred and one,

and from thence to the End of six Weeks next arter the Commencement of the then

next Session oif Parliament, any Person or Persons from felling any Bread, which shall

not have been baked Twenty-four Hours, [31ft December 1800.]

c IT HEREAS it is expedient to reduce* as much as possible, at the present Moment, the Consumption

 of Wheat Flour: And whereas it appears that a considerable Saving would arise; if Bread was

prohibited from being fold until it had been baked a certain TimeBe it therefore enacted by the KingTSr

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall not be No Person shall

lawful for any Baker, or other Person or Persons, to fell or offer or expose to Sale, or send out for . Saley fell or txpofe to.

or deliver on his or their Account, or on that of any other Person, any Bread, until the fame shall have Sale, any Bread,

Y>eeri baked twenty-four Hours at the lead $ and every Baker, or other Person or Persons, who shall act

contrary hereto, or offend herein, shall for every Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding forty . Shil-*

lings, nor less than five Shillings, at the Discretion of the Magistrate, for every Loaf, Half Loaf, or any

ftnaller or larger Part or Portion of a Loaf, or for every Cake or Roll, Muffin or Crumpet, or any Bread

commonly known by the Name of French Breads made of the Flour of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Rye, Pease*

or Rice, so fold, offered, exposed to or sent out for Sale; which Penalty shall and may be recovered before any

one or more of his Majesty’s Justices j>f the Peace for the County, City, or Place where the Offence shall

be committed, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, who shall prove, to the Satis-

faction of such Justide or Justices, that the said Bread had not been baked twenty-four Hours (which Oath

such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer) one Moiety whereof shall be paid to

the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence

shall be committed; and if the said Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Jnrormer 4na

Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, to cause the said Penalty to be levied by the Poor of the

>iftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party offending, rendering the Overplus (if any)t to the Pwifti.

Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the said Penalty, and the Costs and Charges

of taking and making such Distress and Sale.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the twenty-four Hours, previous to the Expiration

of which it shall not be lawful for any Baker, or other Person or Persons, to fell Bread, or offer or expose

it to or fend it out for Sale, shall be computed from the Time at which such Bread was taken out of the

Oven or other Place used for the Purpose of baking or heating it: Provided also, That it shall not be

lawful for any Baker, or other Person or Persons employed by any such Baker, to use any Art or Artifice

whatever for preserving the Heat or Moisture in Bread longer than such Heat or Moisture would be pre-

served by the fair Mode of keeping Bread in the ordinary Way of his Business and every Baker or other

Person or Persons who shall act contrary to or offend herein, shall for every such Offence be liable

to the fame Penalty, to be recovered in the fame Mode, as is herein-before enacted in the Cafe of the Sale

of new Bread.

III. And.be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the several Wardmote Iriquests of The Wardmote'

the City of London, or such other Person or Persons as are authorized by any Act heretofore parted,to er> inquests of

ter into any House, Shop, Stall, Bakehouse, Warehouse, Outhouse, or other Place'of or belonging to any

Baker or Seller of Bread, at all Times, within their respective Limits, to search any Basket, Wneelbarrow,

Cart, or other Conveyance used by any Baker for the Purpose of carrying Bread to or for any Dealer

therein, or Consumer thereof and in case any Bread shall be found rn the fame which shall not h ive been

baked twenty-four Hours at the least, all such Bread, which shall be so found in any such Basket, Wheel-

barrow, Cart, or other Conveyance, shall be deemed and taken as Bread exposed to Sale within the Intent

and Meaning of this Act -y and in case such Wardmote Inquests, or such Person or Persons so authorized as

aforesaid shall not be able to discover the Owner or Owners of such Bread, then the said Wardmote In-

quest,jor any four or more of the Persons composing the fame, or such Person or Persons so authorized as

aforesaid, shall and may seize such Bread, and after Seizure thereof shall, with all convenient Speed, cause

the same to be carried to any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County* City, or Place where the

Offence shall be committed, who shall and may dispose thereof, as he or they in his or their Difcro-

tion shall think fit.

and carried before a Justice, who may dispose thereof as lie shall think

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully obstruct or hinder any Search

herein-before authorized to be made, or the Seizure of any Bread which shall be found on any such

Search, or the taking or carrying away the fame, he, she, or they so doing or offending shall, upon being

convicted thereof before any such last-mentioned Magistrate* forfeit and pay for every Offence any Sum not

exceeding five Pounds nor less than ten Shillings, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, before whom, such Offen-

der or Offenders shall be convicted, shall think fit to order.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to

extend, to any Baker or other Person who shall fell or deliver, or offer or expose to Sale, any Bread which

Qaall not have been baked twenty-four Hours* to or for the Use of any of his Majesty’s Troops

.o»

until it shall

have been baked,

twenty-four

Hours, on Pe-

nalty of from

40s. to 5s. for

every Loaf,

Cake, Roll,

Muffin, Ac.

Penalty may be

recovered be-

fore one Justice,

and divided

between the

Informer and

The 24 Hours

shall be com-

puted from

taking the

Bread out of

the Oven $ and

no Art shall be

used for pre-

serving the

Heat or Mois-

ture of the

Bread.

London, or au-

thorized Per-

fons, may enter

Shops, Ac. and

search Baskets,

Ac. used for

carrying out

Bread, and if

any be found

therein not

baked twenty-

four Hours,

and if the

Owner cannot

be found, it

may be seized

Penalty for ob~

strudfing any>

Search, or

Seizing of

Bread, from 5I4

to ioa»

Afr not to ex-

tend to Bread*

for the Use of

Troops on their

March, Ac^.

