A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono GsoRfcn III. C. 13,14. 57

CXXIIL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Juf- Justicei of

ticeof the Peace residing near the Place where the Offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any

Offence against this Act, which subjects the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty not exceeding twenty c/^under this"

Pounds; which said Justice of the Peace, is hereby authorized and required, upon any Information exhi- Act where the

bited or Complaint made in that Behalf, within three Calendar Months alter the Offence committed, to Penalty does

summon the Party accused, giving to each Party three Days Notice to appear, and also the Witnesses on not exceed 2d.;

either Side, and to examine into the Matter of Fast, and upon Proof made thereof, either by voluntary

Confession of the Party accused, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or VVitnesses, or other- Months/ sum-

wife, as the Cafe may require, to give Judgment or Sentence for the Penalty or Forfeiture as in and by this moningW

Ad isdirefted, to be divided one Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence Paityaccufed

shall be committed, and the other Moiety thereof to the Informer or Informers, and to award and issue out and WitDeires

his Warrant, under his Hand and Seal, for the levying the said Penalty adjudged, of the Goods of the *ift o^Confcf-

Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof in case they shall not be redeemed within fix Days, render- flon 0£ t|le

ing to the Party the Overplus, (if any) ; and where the Goods of such Offender cannot be found sufficient Party, or Oath

to answer the Penalty, to commit such Offender to Prison, there to remain for any Space of Time not ex- of one Wit-

ceeding fix, nor less than three Calendar Months, unless such pecuniary Penalty shall be sooner paid and ne|*: TheJ^r

faisfied ; and if either Party shall find himselfor themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice, t<> the^oor and

then he and they shall and may, upon giving Security to the Amount of the Value of such Penalty and For- Htif to the ln-

feiture, together with such Costs as shall he awarded in case such Judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the former; to be

Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding, Division, Shire, levied by DiC-

Stewartiy, or Place, which shall happen after fourteen Days next after such Conviction shall have been made,

and of which Appeal reasonable Notice shall be given, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine ^Offender to

Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame ; and in case the Judgment of such Juf- suffer not more

ticefliall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices to award the Person or Persons appealing to pay such than fix, nor

Costs occasioned by such Appeal, as to them shall seem meet: Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may

be lawful to and for the said Justice^ where he shall fee Cause. to mitigate and lessen such Penalties as he shall

think fit, (reasonable Costs and Charges of the Officers and Informers, as well in making the Discovery, * 1 • i

as inprosecuting the fame, being always allowed over and above such Mitigation,) and so as such Mitiga-

tion doth not reduce the Penalties to less than the Moiety of the Penalties incurred over and above the said sessions, who

Costs and Charges, any Thing contained in this AS to the contrary notwithstanding. may award

Costs. Penalties may be mitigated to one Half, over and above the Informer's Costs.

CXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or

Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament. pefied this

Section.

0*1 .T Schedule to this Act was repealed,»and a new one framed in its Stead by Cap. 22. of this Sejpon ; to w. as. 4s.

which latter Schedule all the Notes in this Chapter now refer, except that in § 52. referring to the following 7*-!

Form, for which no Substitute is provided in c. 22.

(F)

PRECEPT of the COMMISSIONERS.

WE being of the Commissioners appointed to carry into Execution the general Purposes

of an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act [herefet

forth the Title of the Act] for the of do hereby require you to return, or cause to be returned,

within the Space of ten Days after the Date of this our Precept, at our Office, situate at between

the Hour of in the Forenoon and the Hour of in the Afternoon, unto us, or such of the

Commissioners appointed for the Purposes aforesaid, for the said of who shall be there prefeot

attbeTimeof making your.Return, a Schedule of Particulars of Property from which your Income,

chargeable under the said Act, ought to be estimated, with the Amount of Deductions to be made therefrom,

under the Heads contained in, and according to the Forms hereunto annexed, or such of them as the

Cafe shall require. Thereof fail not.

Given under our Hands, this Day of .]

CAP. XIV.

An Act for exempting, during the present War, certain Persons serving in Volunteer Ys*

Corps, from being ballotted for the Supplementary Militia, under certain Conditions $ yj?nutn"f J*[

and for making out new Lifts of Men liable to serve in the said Militia.

[9th January 1799.]

c TT WHEREAS bvan Act, passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti- Preamble.

4 VV tuled. An Act for providing an Augmentation to the Militia, to be trained and exercised in the Man- 37 Gc*«3* c. 3.

c ner therein directed, and for enabltng his Majesty to cause the same to be embodied, in case of Pieceftty, for the

1 Defence of these Kingdoms; all -Persons serving in any Corps of Volunteers raifeo by virtue of an Act,

39 Geo. III. I 4 pafltd

