92

C. 23*

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Substitute, and provide another Person, to he enrolled in lieu of such Substitute in Manner directed in the said

lad above recited Act, unless with the Consent of the Commanding Officer of such Provisional Cavalry, or

of such other Officer of such Provisional Cavalry as may be authorized by such Commanding Officer to give

such Consent.

X. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said first above recited ASi as prohibits the carrying

out of Great Britain the Whole or any Part of the Provisional Cavalry, {hall, during the Continuance of

the present War, be (11!pended, so far as relates to any embodied Provisional Cavalry, or any Part thereof,

who his Mz jetty may think proper to permit to serve out of Great Britain, in confluence of any volun-

tary Offers that may be made by them to that Effect, and duly certified to that Effect by their Command-

ing Officer: Provided always, That, previous to the certifying such Offer, the Commanding Officer {hall

have explained to the Persons making the same, that the fame, if made, is purely voluntary on their Part,

and that no Person serving in such Provisional Cavalry can be compelled to make such Offer, or toengageto

serve out of this Kingdom, except by his own Consent signified.

XI. And be it further enacted, That when any Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Tyth-

ing, or Place, shall, after the patting of this Act, pav any Sum or Sums of Money, under and by virtue

of the Regulations of the said before recited Act passed in the latt: Session of Parliament, for of towards

the Relief of the Family of any Person serving in the embodied Provisional Cavalry, that then and in every

such Cafe it {hall be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place, where such

Payment shall have been made, and they are hereby required, once in every Quarter of a Year, to esquire

into and examine the Account of Monies so paid as aforesaid, at the Request, and on the Oath or solemn

Affirmation of such Overseer or Overseers, and shall thereupon allow all such Payments as shall appear

to such Justices to have 2<St ually been made after the patting of this Act, under and by virtue of the Regula-

tions of the said above-mentioned Act; and shall also thereupon forthwith make anOrder for the Receiver

General of such County, Riding, or Place, to pay the Sum allowed by them in such Account, out of any

Monies in the Hands of such Receiver General, arising from any Duties receivable by him as such Re-

ceiver General; and such Receiver General or his Deputy shall, and they are hereby respectively re-

quired to pay the Sum so allowed in such Account as aforesaid, or to remit the fame, within ten Days

after the Receipt of such Order, to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Tything, or Place, from which

such Order shall have been transmitted to him, and such Order, certifying the Amount allowed in such

Account, shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Receiver General for Payment of such Sum of'Money; and

which Sums shall be reimbursed to such Receiver General, out of the Sums voted for the Extraordinaries of

the Army as before mentioned.

XII. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty shall think it convenient to disband any

Regiment or Corps of Provisional Cavalry now embodied, the Officer having 4he Command thereof shall

at such Time as the General Officer of the District shall, pursuant to his Majesty’s Direction to be signified

in such Order, fix, cause the Provisional Cavalry of such County or Riding to be marched, under their

respective Officers, to any Place or Places appointed for that Purpose, within the County, Riding, or Place

to which they respectively belong: and the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants of such County, Riding,or

Place, shall, on fbme convenient Day preceding the Day fixed for disbanding such Provisional Cavalry,

cause the fame to be muttered, and there to be dtthanded.

V/litn Over-

IVersof rlie

Poor, alter

jMlfin^ tins

Ad, fa a 11 re-

lieve ttie Family

of any Person

ftrving in the

embodied Pro*

vilional Ca-

valry, two Juf-

ticcs shall txa-

11 line Quarterly

the Account,

and order Pay-

ment by the

Receiver Gene-

ral, who shall

reimbursed

out of the Ex-

traordinaries of

the Army.

When hisMa-

jessy shall think

tit to disband

any embodied

Provisional

Cavalry, the

Commanding

Officer shall, at

such Time as

the* General

Officer ol the District fixes, cause limn to march to the Place appointed, previous to which they shall be muttered.

Fay, Allow.

a»ice>, and '

Service fha’l

ccafe from the

Days fixed for

Dish.inriment.

Receiver Gene-

ral shall mike

up an Account

of Monies ad-

's anted and

repaid, and

apportion the

bums due from

each Division ;

and may require

the Clerks to

the Lieutenan-

cy, and to the

cioinmissionert

of Land Tax,

totransmit him

such Accounts

as lie may think

The Receivers

Gencial, as

soon d% they

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Pay of the Officers and Private Men of the Provisional Ca-

valry now embodied, which shall be so disbanded as aforesaid, and all Allowances for the Keep of any such

Mares or Geldings belonging to the Provisional Cavalry not now embodied, and all further Services under

the said Acts, or any of them, shall wholly ceale and determine from the respective Days fixed, in Manner

herein before mentioned, for the disbanding the fame.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Receiver General of every County, Riding, and Place in

England^ shall, as soon after the passing of this Act as the fame can be done, make up an Account of all

Monies advanced by him under any of the said Acts, and also an Account of all Monies which have been

repaid to him on Account of the fame, and shall compare the Sums advanced with the Sums repaid, in each

Division of the County or Riding for which there are separate Sets of acting Commissioners of Land Tax,

and apportion the Sums due from each Division; and the said Receiver General may, and he is hereby

authorized to require the several Clerks to the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants, and also the several

Clerks of the Commissioners of Land Tax within his County, Riding, or Place, to make out and transmit,

with all Dispatch, not to exceed, in any Cafe, two Months from the said Account being required by such

Receiver General, all such Accounts as he may think necessary to enable him to make out such Accounts,

and to apportion such Charges in Manner herein-before required; and if any such Clerk shall neglect or

refuse to make out such Accounts within the Time herein-before required, he shall forfeit, for every such

Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered as.aoy Penalty may by the said Acts, or any of them*

be recovered.

necessary for that Purpose. Penal:/ of aol. on Clerk for Neglect.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Receivers General of the several Counties, Ridings, and Places

in England) shall, as soon as they shall respectively have made up their Accounts of the several Sums due

in

