I

508

C. lxxxvi.

Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1806.

Allotment to

his Majesty as

Lord oi the

Manor of Wal-

ton Leigh, for

Right oi' Soil.

Allotments to

Lords of Ma-

nors of Wal-

ton-u pon-

Thamci,

Allotments for

tiic L le of the

poor Occupiers

only.

j- A finrtxlar

Clause is in-

troduced in the

subsequent c.

Iixxvii. § 35,

36.J

[>cfore one

Justice; byDif-

treU arid bale,

4 without the Aid and Authority of Parliament May it therefore please your Majesty that it may been-

acted; and be it enacted, i$c.

44 Commissioners appointed for dividing and allotting Commons, lyfe. and their Powers, tfr. § 1-30.

44 Allotments for Tythes. §30—33. Allotments in respect of Glebe. §34. Allotment to the Vicir of

44 IValton. § 35.”

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required,

in the next Place, to set out, allot, and award, unto and for the King’s most Excellent Majesty, as Lordof

the Manor of IValton Leigh aforesaid, to be held by his said Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York, and the

said Richard Palmer, as Lessees of the said Manor, under and by virtue of the said subsisting Lease from the

Crown, in Proportion to their respective Interests therein, one Sixteenth Part of all the Commons and

Waste Lands within the said Manor of IValton Leigh, in lieu of and as a Recompence for his and their

Right, as Lord and Lefties of the Manor aforesaid, to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Lands

within such Manor, exclusive of the Lands to be allotted to his said Majesty and his Lessees, in lieu of his

and their Rights and Interests in the said Commons and Waste Lands, in respect of the several Messuages,

Cottages, Demesne Lands, and other Lands belonging to the Crown within the said Manor.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required,

in the next Place, to set out, allot, and award unto and for his said Royal Highness Frederick Duke o{York,

and the said Richard Palmer, Lords of the Manor of IValton upon-Th a me s aforesaid, in Proportion to their

respect ive Interests therein, to the said Sarah DJOy!y9 Lady of the Manor of the Redtory of IValton-

upon-Thames aforesaid, to the said SirjWfl Frederick, Lord of the Manor of Sandon aforesaid, to the said

Sir Beaumont Hotham and Thomas Sutton, Lords of the Manor of Moulfey Matham aforesaid, and to the said

Earl of Tyrconnel, Lord of hie said Manor of Hcrjbam9 other wise Wateruille Ejher with Herjham, in re-

spedtof so much of their said respective Manors as lie within or extend into the said Parish of iValton-upon-

Thames, one Sixteenth Part of all the Commons and Waste Lands lying within the said Parish of IValton-

upon-Thames, to be divided amongst the Lords of the said several Manors, in Proportion to the Quantity

and Quality of the Waste Lands belonging to their said Manors respectively, lying within the Parish of

IValton- upon-Thames aforesaid, in lieu of the Rights of the Lords of the said several Manors in and to the

Soil of the said Commons and Waste Lands respectively.

XXXVIII. And whereas it is intended to give and allow to such Poor as are real and true Occupiers of

€ Cottages within the said Parishes and Manor respectively, a Share and Interest of and in the said Commons

and YVafte Lands, in respectof their Occupation thereof and Residence therein only as herein-after men-

4 tioned be it therefore f urther enacted, That the said CommifTtoners shall and, they are hereby required,

in the next Place, to set out and allot distindt Parts and Parcels of the said Commons and Waste Lands

hereby directed to be inclosed, exclusive of all Roads and Ways in and over the fame, in the several Propor-

tions following; (that is to say,) in the said Parish of IValton-upon-Thamesy two hundred Acres in the

Whole, one hundred and sixty Acres, Part thereof upon IValton Common, situate between Oatlandty

Burwcody and Afloley Parks, beginning at the Road from Walton to Ejhery in a Line with the old Gravel

Pits, and extending South-weft, and the Remainder of the said two hundred Acres in such other Place or

Places as the Commissioners shall direct: In the said Manor of Walton Leighy in the said Pariflb of Chertsey,

sixty Acres, in one or more Piece or Pieces, and in such Place or Places as the said Commissioners shall

think proper; which said distindt Parts and Parcels of the said Commons and Waste Lands so to be set out

and allotted, shall be and remain to and for the Use of the real and true Occupiers only of Cottages (land-

ing and being within the said Pnrish and Manor respectively, the yearly Rent of which shall not exceed five

Pounds, and having no other House or Place of Rclidence; and such Occupiers for the Time being shall

at all Times afterwards have the foie and exclusive Right of using the said Parts and Parcels of the said Com-

mons and Waste Lands so to be set out and allotted, for the Purpose of Pasture, and of cutting Turf,

Furze, and Heath for Fuel, in equal Proportions, according to the Number of the said Houses and Cot-

tages, without paying any Thing for such Use; and when and so soon as the said Allotments shall be af-

signed and set out, the fame shall respectively be and become vested in the respective Ministers, Churchwar-

dens, and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parflhesof Walton-upon-Thames and Chertsey aforesaid, for the

Time being, and their Successors, in all the Landholders of one hundred Pounds for Annum 9 and in fourof

the Cottagers of each of the said Parishes, to be for that Purpose respectively chofenat Vestries to be held at

Easter in every Year, who, or a Majority of them, shall have full Powers to make Orders and Regulations

for the Use, Management, draining, levelling, and other Improvements, of and for the Stints of the Com-

monage thereof, and for the Protection and Preservation of the Herbage, Turf, Ground, and Soil thereof,

and for the Employments and Appointments of proper Persons to execute such Rules and Orders, and to

overlook such Lands, and to impound Cattle which shall be found trespafting thereon contrary to such Re-

gulations, and to.order Payment of all nedeilary Expences thereby incurred, not exceeding in any oue

Year the Sum of ten Pounds, out of the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor of the said respect: ve Ps-

riftus; which Sum the Overseers of the Poor of such respective Parishes are hereby required and authorized

to pay accordingly, and which shall be allowed to them in their Accounts; and in case any other Person or

Persons, not really and truly occupying a House or Cottage of such yearly Value and Descriptions as herein-

before mentioned, shall at any 1 imeor 'Limes turn out Sheep or Cattle of any Sort, or cut any Heath,

Turf, or Furze, or dig, take, or carry away the Soil, on the said distindt Parts and Parcels of the said

Commons and Waste Lands so to be set out and allotted as next before mentioned, every such Person so of-

fending, being thereof convicted, shall forfeitand pay for each such Offence the Sum of twenty Shillings, to

be recovered and applied in Manner herein-after directed: Provided always, That no Person or Persons

shall, by reason of haying any Right of using the said Parts and Parcels of the said Commons and Waste

7 Lands

