A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III.

C. 13.

47

'ceding such Estimate, or by an Average of the Produce of the three Years immediately preceding, at the

Option of the Party to be charged in respect thereof, and subject to Diminution within the current Year, in

the Manner provided by the said recited Act, every such Year ending on the thirty-first Day of December in

each Year, or at such Time of the Year as the Accounts of fuchlncome have been usually made up or com-

pleted for that Year, or the fame had been received.

duceof three Years preceding, in the Option of the Party, subject to Diminution within the current Year,

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That where in any Cafe the Income of any Person or Persons, or any

Part thereof, in whatever Manner arising, shall be estimated upon any Average of Years according to

the Directions of this Act, such Person or Persons shall not be entitled to any Abatement or Allowance in

the current or any^subsequent Year, by reason of any Variation in the Amount of the Income so arising, nor

lor any specifick Cause, other than in such Cafes where such Person or Persons shall cease to be pollened of

the Property, Office, iiension, or Stipend, or shall cease to be engaged in the Profession, Trade, or Em-

ployment, from which such Income, or Part of Income, shall have ai ilen.

mited either

according tot lie

actual Produce

in the preceding

Year, or on the

Average Pro-

[See c. 22. Sched. A. 15tb Cafe.]

Where Income

is tflimated on

an Average of

Years, no

Abatement shall

be allowed in

the current

Year, except

where the Party

shall cease to be possessed of the Property, or to be engaged in the ProfcflTion whence his income ariies^.

No Deduction

fha l be made

from the Income

of Trader j, Arc.

for Sums em-

ployed in Im-

provement.*, or

ns Capital, or a*

Interert of Ca-

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Persons engaged in any Trade or

Manufacture, in filling up the Statement or Schedule of the Particulars of their Income, or on otherwise

computing, in pursuance of this Act, their Income arising from such Trade or Manufacture, to make any

Deductions therefrom on Account of any Sums employed, or intended to be employed, in Improvements

or as Capital, or on Account of Interest for the Capital by ahem employed therein, unless for Interest, which

they are bound to pay to other Persons for the fame; nor for any Sum expended by them in the Course

-of any one Year (in which the Estimate or Average thereof shall be taken) for Repairs of Premiles occu-

?ied for the Purpose of such Trade or Manufacture, or for the Supply, or Repairs, or Alterations of any ju| e t

mplements, or Utensils, or Articles employed for the Purpose of such Trade or Manufacture, beyond the £'herVactually

Amount of the Sum usually expended for such Purposes, according to an Average of three Years preceding paid to an-

the Year to which such Computation shall relate; gor shall it be lawful for any Person engaged in Trade'or

JVlanufadure, and having Property not employed as Capital therein, to make any Deduction from the In-

'come arising from the Property not employed as Capital, by reason of any Diminution of the Capital so

employed, during the Period for which such Computation shall be made.

three preceding Years, nov from Property not employed as Capital by Reason of any Diminution of Capital.

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Persons engaged in any Trade or Manu- Partners mav be

facture, or in any Adventure or Concern, in Partnership together, may be jointly charged to the said Rates

and Duties, in respect of their Joint Income arising from such Trade or Manufacture, or such Adventure

or Concern, under the Firm or Description of their said BYifinefs, and that the Return of any one of the

(hid Partners, on Behalf of himself and the others for that Purpose, shall be sufficient Authority fob the said

Commissioners to charge such Partners jointly in respect of their Income arising from such Trade or

Manufacture, or such Adventure or Concern, but nevertheless wholly distinct from any Charge which

may be made upon such Persons, or any of them, in respect of any other Income belonging to them, or diiiiTafrom

any of them* that on their separate Incomes.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if amongst any Persons engaged in Tra le or Manufacture, In case of

in Partnership together, any Change shall take place in any such Partnership, either by Death or Diis dution

of Partnership, as to all or any of the Partners, or by admitting any other Partner therein, within the Pe-

riod when the Computation of Income ought to be made under this Act, or before the Time of making the

Aileflment under this Act, or if any Person shall have succeeded to any Trade or Manufacture, or any Ad-

venture or Concern, within such respective Periods as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said respective

Commissioners, and they, and also the Party or Parties interested, and every Officer acting in the Execution

of this Act, shall compute and ascertain the Income of such Partnership, or any of such Partners, or

any Person succeeding to such Trade or Manufacture, or Adventure or Concern, according to the Income

derived during the respective Periods before-mentioned, notwithstanding such Change therein or Successiou

to such Business as aforesaid, unless such Partners or Partner, or such Person succeeding to such Business as

aforesaid, shall prove, to the Satisfaction of the said respective Commissioners, that the Income of such Per-

son or Persons hath fallen Ihort, or will fall (hort, for some specifick Cause to be alledged to them, since such

Change or huccehlon took place, or by reason thereof.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes in which the Title to any Income shall be uncer-

tain, either by reason of any Contingency to which the lame may be subjedb, or by reason of any Dispute con-

cerning the fame, or forany other Caule, then such Income dial! bechargeable under this Act fsparatdy, ac-

cording to the Amount thereof, and the Person or Persons (if any) who shall be in the Receipt of such income,

whether on his or her own Account, or on the Behalf of any other Person or Persons, flnli deliver a State-

ment thereof accoiciingly, and shall pay the Sums chargeable in respect thereof out of such Income; and in

case such Income shall be under the Controul or Direction of any Court of Equity, or otner(Court, in any

.Suitdepending, or otherwise, such Court shall give the necessary Directions for ascertaining the Amount ol

such Income, and Payment of the Duty chargeable thereon, upon Application in a luminary Way of any

Trustee or Trustee?, or any Person or Persons interested therein, or any Agent or Receiver intruded witu

vlhe Receipt thereof, or of any Surveyor or lufpedor acting in the Execution of this Act.

.Application of Tnalets, ns to Property under their Controul.

LXXXV. And

other,) nor for

Repairs, im-

plements, fcc.

beyond the

Average of the

jointly charged

in rclpcft of

their Joint in- ‘

comes, and th©

Return of one

Partner find b©

fij-ficictit; such

Changes in

Partncnhip, the

Charges cn the

Partnership, and

on the Partners

going out or

coming in, shall

remain the

fame; urlefs a

specifick Caule

lor Diminution

isihevvn to the

Commissioners.

Where the Title

to Income is

uncertain, or in

Dispute, the

actual Receiver

shall give a

Statement

thereof, and pay

the Duty tlx 1 e—

cn; andCouiti

of Kquity may

give the proper

Directions, on

