8

Oidcri assign-

able.

Commissioners

of the Triafury

empowered to

prt pane any

Num>>er of Ex

chequer Bills of

one common l

Sum, or differ-

ent Sums, in

the principal

Monies.

Bills (boll bear

an Interest at 4I.

10 s. per Cent,

per ann.

These Bill* shall

be numbered

arithmetically*

Treasury fhaTl

diredltheCourfe

of Payment for

Loans or Ex-

chequer Bills,

arwf appoint

Cheques, drc.

C. 3.. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, to whom any Money shall be

due for Loans to be registered by virtue of this Act, after Order entered into the Book of Register afore-

said, his, her, or their Executors, Admin strators, or A (Tigris, by proper Words of Alignment, to be in-

dorled and written on his, her, or their Order, may assign and transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interelf,

and Benefit of such Order to any other; which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt

aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Register as aforesaid for Orders,

(which the Officers shall, upon Request, without Fee or Charge, accordingly make,) shall entitle such Af-

lignee, his Executors, Administrators, Succefl'ors, and Assigns, to the Benefit tnercof, and Payment thereon;

and such Assignee may, in like Manner, assign again, and so toties quot\es\ 2nd afterwards it shall not be in

the Power of such Person or Persons who hath or have made any speh Alignment to make void, release, or

discharge the fame, or any the Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof.

XXIX. And to the End there may be no Want or failure of a certain Sum, not to exceed in the Whole

4 two Millions, to be raised either by such Loans as aforesaid, or by issuing Exchequer Bills, as is herein-

4 after mentioned, or by both or either of tiiofe Ways or Means, for the Publick Service be it further provided

and enacted, That in ca(e the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, or any three or more of them now

being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Tim^

being, shall judge it more adviseable to rajfe the said Sum of two Millions, or any Part thereof, by Exchequer

Bills, instead of such Loans as aforesaid; that then they respectively are hereby authorized and empowered,

at any Time or Times, at once, or by such Proportions at a Time as they respectively shall find to be most

for the Advantage of the Publick, to prepare and make, or cause to be prepared and made, at the Exchequer,

in such Method and Form as they or he shall think most safe and convenient, *ny Number of new Exchequer

Bills, containing one common Sum or different Sums in the principal Monies; so that in case there shall be

no Loans made, then all the principal Sums to be contained in the said Bills to be made forth by this Act

shall not exceed two Millions; and in case any such Loans shall be made as aforesaid, then all the principal

Sums to be contained in the said Bills to be made forth by this Act, together with such Loans so made, shall

not exceed the said Sum of two Millions.'

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Bills to be prepared and made in pursuance of this Act

shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of four Pounds and ten Shillings per Centum per Annum

upon or in respeclofthe whole Amount of the Monies thereby raised, and proportionally for any greater or lese

Sum to be contained therein^and to be payable to the Bearers thereof respectively; nevertheless the said Interest

shall be abated and saved upon such of the said Bills to be made forth by this Act as shall at any Time or

Times be in the'Receipt of the Exchequer, or in the Hands or Power of any Receivers or Collectors of any

Taxes, Aids, or Revenues whatsoever, payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successofs, during such Time

and Times respectively as such Bills shall be or remain in the said Receipt, or in such Hands or Power as

aforesaid.

XXXI. And it is hereby enacted, That all the said Bills so to be prepared and made shall be numbered

arithmetically, beginning with No. L and so proceeding in an arithmetical Progression ascending, wherein

the common Excess or Difference shall always be one, and shall be registered accordingly, so that the princi-

pal Sum be contained in every such Bill, (after Repayment of the Loans which shall have been made as afore-

said, if any such be, with the Interest thereof, or reserving Money sufficient for that Purpose,) may regularly

be paid off and discharged, in Course, according to the Number of every such Bill as it shall (land in the said

Register; and that the Interest upon all and every the said Bills shall be payable every three Months, ac-

cording to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act; and that upon every such Bill there shall be indorsed,

printed, or written, in Words at Length or in Figures, the Sum after which the Principal to be contained

therein shall be payable in such Courlc as aforesaid, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this

Act.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the said Sum, not exceeding two Million?,

shall be raised partly by Loans, and partly by Exchequer Bills, according to the Powers before given by this

Act, that then and in such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty’s

Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the

Commissioners of the Treasury fer the Time being, when and as often as they shall, by virtue of the said

Powers, direct any such Loans to be taken, or any such Exchequer Bills to be made out, at the fame Time

also to direct and appoint the Course and Order in which such Loans and Exchequer Bills shall stand upon

the said Register, and after what Time they shall respectively begin to be payable in Course, so as no subse-

quent Loans or Exchequer Bills be made to alter the Course at fix ft appointed for prior Loans or Exchequer

Biils at the Time of taking in or making out such prior Loans or Exchequer Bills; any Thing herein-before

contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all the said Bills shall be prepared and made with such Cheques,

Indents, or Counterfoils, as shall be directedby the Commissioners of the Treasury,or any three or more of them

now being, or by the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time

being; and that the Person or Persons who is, are, or shall be appointed to pay off the said Bills in Course,

shall from Time to Time have the Use and Custody of One Part of all the Cheques, Indents, or Counter-

foils of the said Exchequer Bills to be prepared arid made by virtue of this Act, from which the said Bills shall

have been cut, to prevent his or their being imposed upon by counterfeit or forged Bills; and that the Un-

dertakers, Contractors for exchanging or circulating the said Bills, or such of them as shall be current, shall

from Time to Time have the Use and Custody of one other Part of all the said Cheques, Indents*

or Counterfoils of the said Exchequer Bills from which the fame shall have been cut 0ff as aforesaid,

in

