446 C. 93, 94. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

I nr Cafes of

High Treason,

and Misprision

of Treason,

where the Overt

Act alleged in

the Indictment

/hall be Aflaffi-

nation of the

King, or any

direct Attempt

against his Life,

Jcc. the Offend-

er shall be tried

in the fame

Manner as if

eliarged with

CAP. XCIII.

An Act for regulating Trials for High Treason and Misprision of High Treason, in certain

Cafes. [28th July 1800.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that in Cafes of High Treason in compassing or imagining the Death of

the King, and of Misprision of such Treason, where the Overt Act or Overt Acts of such Trea-

4 son alleged in the Indictment for such Offence shall be the Affaffinatton or killing of the King, or any di-

4 reel Attempt against his Life, or any direct Attempt against his Person, whereby his Life may be endangered,

4 or his Person may foffer bodily Harm,the Trial for such Offence should not bedifferent from Trials for Murder

4 or wilful and malicious Shooting be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

ftndConfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same, That in all Cafes of High Treason in compadingor imagining the Death of the King,

and of Misprision of such Treason, whete the Overt Act or Overt Acts of such Treason which shall be al*

leged in the Indictment for such Offence shall be Assassination or killing of the King, or any direct Attempt

against his Life, or any direct Attempt against his Person whereby his Life may be endangered or his Per-

son may suffer bodily Harm, the Person or Persons charged with such Offence shall and may be indicted, ar-

raigned, tried, and attainted, in the same Manner and according to the fameCourfe and Order of Trial, in

every Respect, and upon the like Evidence, as if such Person or Persons flood charged with Murder; and

none of the Provisions contained in the several Acts of the seventh Year of King William the Third and the

seventh Year of Queen Anne respectively, touching Trials in Cafes of Treason and Misprision of Treason

respectively, shall extend to any Indictment for High Treason in compassing and imagining the Death of

the King, or for Misprision of such T reason, where the Overt Act or Overt Acts of such Treason alleged in

the Indiament shall be such as aforesaid; but upon Conviction on such Indictment, Judgement shall be nc-

verthclefs given and Execution done as in other.Cafes cf High Treason \ any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the

contrary notwithstanding.

Murder, but punishableas in Cafes of High Treason (notwithstanding 7G11I. 3. c. 3. or 7 Ann. c* 2*0

CAP. XCIV.

An Act for the safe Custody of Insane Persons

charged

with Offences.

[28th July 1S00.]

WHEREAS Persons charged with High Treason, Murder, or Felony, may have been or may be of

 unfound Mind at the Time of committing the Offence wherewith they may have been or shall be

charged, and by reason of such Insanity may have been or may be found not guilty of such Offence, and

4 it may be dangerous to permit Persons so acquitted to go at large V Be it therefore enacted by the King’s

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent ctf the Lords Spiritual and Tempo-

ral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and'by the Authority of the same, That in all

Cafes where it shall be given in Evidence upon the Trial of any Person charged with Treason, Murder, or

Felony, that such Person was insane at the Time of the Commission of such Offence, and such Person shall

be acquitted, the Jury shall be required to find specially whether such Person was insane at the Time of the

Commission of such Offence, and to declare whether such Person was acquitted by them on account of such

Insanity; and if they shall find that such Person was insane at the 'Lime of the committing such Offence, the

Court before whom such Trial shall be had, shall order such Person to be kept in drift Custody, in such

Place and in such Manner as to the Court shall (eem fit, until his Majesty’s Pleasure shall be known; and it

shall thereupon be lawful for his Majesty to give such Order for the safe Custody of such Person, during his

Pleasure, in such Place and in such Manner as to his Majesty shall seem fit; and in all Cafes where any

Person, before the p iffing of this Act, has been acquitted of any such Offences on the Ground of Insanity

at the Time of the Commission thereof, and has been detained in Custody as a dangerous Person by Order

of the Court before whom such Person has been tried, and dill remains in Custody, it shall be lawful for

his Majifly to give the like Order for the safe Custody of such Person, during his Pleasure, as his Majesty is

hereby enabled to give in the Cafes of Persons who shall hereafter be acquitted on the Ground of in-

sanity.

*Tht Jury, In

case of any

Person charged,

with Treason,

&c. proving to

be insane, shall

declare whether

he was acquit-

ted by them on

account of In-

sanity, and the

Court shall or-

der him to be

kept in Custody

till his Majesty’s

Pleasure be

known, and his

Majesty may

give an Order

(or the safe

Custody of such insane Person, &c.

Insane Persons

indicted for any

■ Offence, and

fourfd to be in-

fane by a Jury

to be impannel-

led on their

Arraignment,

Ac. shall be or-

dered by the

Court 10 be

kept in Custody

'till his Ma-

jesty’s Pleasure

he known. Ice.

II. And be ?t further enacted, That if any Person indicted for any Offence shall be insane, and shall upon

Arraignment be found so to be by a Jury lawfully impannelled for that Purpose, so that such Person cannot

he tried upon such Indictment, or if upon the Trial of any Person so indicted such Person shall appear to the

Jury charged with such Indictment to be insane, it shall be lawful for the Court before whom any fjch

Person shall be brought to be arraigned or tried as aforesaid, to direct such Finding- to be recorded, and

thereupon to order such Perfoiv to be kept in drift Custody until his Majesty’s Pleasure shall be known;

and if*any Person charged with any Offence shall be brought before any Court to be discharged for Want

of Prosecution, and such Person shall appear to be insane, it shall be lawful for such Court to order a Jury

to be impannelled to try the Sanity of such Person; and if the Jury so impannelled shall find such Person t®

be insane, it shall he lawful for such Court tq order such Person to be kept in drift Custody, in such Place

and in such Manner as to such Court shall seem fit, until his Majesty’s Pleasure shall be known; and in all

Cafes of Insanity so found, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to give such Order for the Cife Custody of such

Berlin

