552 C. lo—12. Anno quadragesimd primo’GBoaGH III. A. 'D. iSoo.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers*

Return of CORN, GRAIN, or PULSE, that has been examined and certified for the Purpose of Boun-

. tics being paid tlmeon, which has been fold between Sunday the and Sunday

the T

Date of the

Certificate,

By whom

certified.

Description of

Com, Grain,

or Pulse.

Quarters.

Bushels.

, Conti £ nets or

Owners.

Buyers’ Names-

Price per

Quarter.

-Amount.

CAP. XL

An Act to permit, until the first Day of ORober one thousand eight hundred and one#

the Importation of Herrings and other FiflV, the Produce of the Fiftiery carried on in

Nova Scotia, New Brun/wick, Newfoundland, and on the Coast of Labrador, into

this Kingdom, without Payment of Duty. [15th December 1800.]

X T WHEREAS it is expedient, under the present Circumstances, to permit, for a limited Time, the

Importation-of Herrings and other Fish, the Produce of the Fiftiery carried on in Nava Scotia,

4 New Brunswicky Newfoundland, and on the Coast of Labrador, ! into Great Britain, in British-built

4 Ships, owned, navigated, and reeiftered according to Law, without Payment of Duty ;* be it therefore

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-

. . ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

thw Fuh*1* fame. That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or

may be Persons whatever, to import into Great Britain from Nova Scotia, New Brunswicky Newfoundland, and

imported from" the Coast of Labrador, in any Britishi-built Ship, owned, navigated, and registered according

from Nora Sco- to Law, any Herrings or other Fish, the Produce of the said Fishqry, without the Payment of any

tia, Ac.in Duty whatever; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise

VM. notwithstanding.

out Payment of Duty.

Entry of such If. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a due Entry {hall be made of all such Herrings and

*rn"s* other Fish that shall be imported by virtue of this Act, with the proper Officers of the Customs at the

made with the Port mto which the fame shall be imported \ and, in Default thereof, the fame shall be forfeited, and shall

proper officers and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s Customs. ,

of the Customs.

Continuance III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the first Day of October one

of At\ till Oc* thousand eight hundred and one.

Sober I, 1S01.

CAP. XII.

An Act for making better Provision for the Maintenance of the Poor, and for diminish-

ing the Consumption of Bread Corn, by directing the Manner of applying Parish

Relief; until the Hath Day of Novemb one thousand eight hundred and one, and

from

