$12 C. 35, 36. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. , A.D. 1800.

hereby authorized and required to administer the fame,) whether the said Oats are or are not merchantable

and fit for making Meal; and if the fame shall appear by such Certificate merchantable and fit for making

Meal, the Bounties respectively granted by this Act shall be paid and allowed thereon; but if the fame shall

appear by such Certificate not to be merchantable or fit for making Meal, no Bounty granted by this Act

shall be paid or allowed thereon.

u Recompence to be made the Inspectors; 1 d. per Quarter. $ 5. Commissioners of Cfustoms may paf

Ci Bounty on Oats imported before 0/7. 15, 1800, on Proof of the Vessels* havingfailed at such Times, that

u they might in the ordinary Course of their Voyage have arrived before 0/7. 1 ft. j 6. Vessels arriving at

a Port where the Bounty is not allowed, may fail to one where it is. § 7. [as under f 7, 8, 9. of cap. 29.

u of this SejIionA Continuance of Act till 0/7. 15, 1800. § 8. Act may be altered or repealed this Set

u (ion. $ 9.”

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to enable Courts of Equity to compel a Transferor Stock in Suits, without

making the Governor and Company of the Bank of England^ or the United Company

of Merchants of England trading to the Eajt Indies, or the Governor and Company of

Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas or other Parts of America, Party

thereto, [i QtMay 1800.]

A. y Court of

Equity may or-

der the Bank of

England to fuf-

fer a Transfer of

Stock to be

made, or to pay

Dividends be-

longing to or

Handing in

the Names of

any Party to a

a Suit, or ifflie

an Injunction to

n Hi am such

iTransfer or

Payment, al-

though the Bank

be not a Party, &c.

On Request of

the Clerk in

Court and Soli-

citor of the Par-

ty, the Bank

ih. ii deliver a

Certificate Hat-

ing the Amount

of such Stock or

Dividends, &c.

for which the

Fee5. herein spe-

cin.vi shall be

paid.

Ad not to ex-

tend to any fur-

ther Discovery

than herein

mentioned; nor

to an/ I 3fc

where the Bank

claim an Intc-

tt.fi in the

F und: and the

% T WHEREAS great Expence arises in Suits in Courts of Equity, from the Practice of making the

Governor and Company of the Bank of England Parties thereto, for the mere Purpose of com-

pelling or authorizing the said Corporation to suffer any Transfer of Stock (landing in their Books to be

4 made which Justice may require :’ Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty. by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for any of his Maj efty's Courts of

Equity, before or upon hearing any Cause depending therein, to order the Governor and Company of the

Bank of England to suffer a Transfer of Stock (landing in their Books to be made, or to pay any accrued

or accruing Dividends thereon, belonging to or (landing in the Names of any Party to a Suit, as such

Courts may deem just; or to issue an Injunction to restrain them from suffering any Transfer of such Stock, or

from paying any Dividends or Interest accruing or accrued thereon, although such Governor and Company

are not Parties to the Suit in which such Decree or Order shall be made; such Courts being satisfied by the

Certificate of the Accountarit of the said Corporation, duly signed by him as hereinafter is directed, that

the Stock required to be transferred is (landing in their Books in the Name of the Persons or Person re-

quired to transfer the fame, or of the Persons or Person to whom they or he are or is the legal Represent-

ative; and that after due Service of a short Order upon the said Governor and Company, or their proper

Officer, which shall contain no Recital of their Pleadings, or other Matter than the Title of the Cause,

and the ordering Part of such Decree or Order which respects the said Governor and Company, and for

which the Sum of eighteen Shillings, and no more, shall be paid, like Process shall issue to enforce such

Order or Decree as to enforce them against any Party to a Suit depending in such Court.

II. c And for the better enabling any Party to a Suit to obtain and produce such Certificate in Court,’ be

it enacted, That upon Request in Writing signed by the Clerk in Court (or other Officer answering there-

to) and the Solicitor concerned in the Cause for the Party applying, which shall (late the Cause, and for

what Parties they are concerned, the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall deliver, or

cause to be delivered, to the said Clerk in Court or other Officer and Solicitor, or one of them, a Certifi-

cate signed by their Accountant, dating the Amount of such Stock or Dividends, and in whose Names or

Name such Stock is (landing in their Books, and if it be particularly required (but not otherwise) when

such Stock or any Part thereof was transferred, and by whom; for the signing of which Request in Writing,

there shall be pa d to such Clerk in Court, or other Officer, a Fee of six Shillings and eight Pence, and no

more, and to such Solicitor, for the drawing, copying, and delivering at the Bank a Fee of thirteen Shillings

and four Pence, and no more, and to the Officer making and delivering such Certificate, a Fee of Two

Shillings and sixpence, and no more: Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall extend to

any Cafe where any further Discovery is wanted than what is herein-before expressly mentioned, nor to

any Cafe where the said Governor and Company claim any Interest in or Lien upon the said fund, but that

in such Cafes it shall be necessary to make them a Party to such Suit as if this Act had never been made; and

that if any Special Matter shall arise, which, in the Opinion of the said Governor and Company, shall a fi-

fed their Interests, or wh/ch might be objected against suffering such Transfer of Stock or Payment of Divi-

dends, it shall be lawful for them to state such Matter to the Court by Motion or Petition in such Suit, and

that Execution of Process to compel such Transfer or Payment, shall be suspended until final Order shall be

made thereon.

link may it ate thr ir Objections to any Transfer by Motion or Petition.

In Suits now

c'epenrkrip;

where the Boric

favcputmthen

III. And be it further enacted, That in all Suits now depending, in which the said Governor and Com-

pany may have put in their Answer. not claiming any Interest in or Lien upon the Stock required to be

transferred, no further Proceeding shall be had against them.as a Party tl such Suits, but that the Bill shall

Hand

