A.D. 1800*

450 P. 97*

Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III.

The Company

rot to make

finer than Stan-

dard Wheatm

Bread.

37 GEO. 3. c. 93.

J3 GEO. 3. c. 6a.

Provisions of

37 Geo. 3.

c. 98. concern-

ing Wheaten

Bread) and

Household

Bread, fha!l ex-

tend to Standaid

Wheaten Bread,

and the Assize

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company to make for Sale, any

Bread of a finer Quality than the Bread usually called Standard IVheaten Breads or Bread made of the whole

Meal with the Bran and Pollards only taken out.

I

XX. And whereas, by an Act of Parliament passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his pre-

lent Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the thirty-ffjl Year of

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, 44 An Act for the due making of Bread, and to

44 regulate the Price and /ifeze thereof and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread, Jo

4t far as the fame relates to the Affrze and making of Bread to be sold in the City of London, and the Liber-

44 ties thereof \ and within the IVeekly Bills of Mortality, and within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange,”

the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of London are empowered to let the Assize of Bread in London, and

4 within the B.lls of Mortality, on every Tuesday: And whereas, in the'Tablesof Assize forming a Part

4 of the said Act, there is no Provision or Dhedion with respect to the Price of Standard Wheaten

4 Bread: And whereas there is no other Provision or Direction in any Table of Assize respecting the

4 Price of Standard Wheaten Bread, than a certain Table of Assize contained in an Act passed in the

4 thirteenth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better regulating the Afize and making of

4 Bread: And whereas the Bakers of London, and within the Bills of Mortality, are unable to manutac-

4 ture and fell Standard Wheaten Bread, by reason of the said Act last mentioned not making a due At-

4 lowance to the Baker; and the said Assize Table not being suited to the present Price of Flour t* Be it

enacted, That all the Provisions, Regulations, and Directions contained in the said Act of the thirty-

seventh Year of his present Majesty, concerning Wheaten Bread and Household Bread, shall extend to

the making and felling of Standard Wheaten Bread; and the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall be

empowered, and they are hereby empowered to fix an Assize or Price of Standard Wheaten Bread, upon

such Principles as they now fix the Assize or Price of Wheaten and Household Bread, and that they shall

be enabled to make a due Allowance to the Bakers, for making and felling the lame, according to their

Opinion of w hat ought fairly to be allowed them for their Trouble and Expence in making and felling the

said Standard Wheaten Bread.

upon the latter to be fixed upon the fame Principles as the former.

No Manager or

Officer shall act

as a Dealer in

Wheat, &c.

©h Penalty of

forfeiting 40s.

per Quarter.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Manager of the said Company, or Officer or Servant em-

ployed in the said Manufactory, or in any Business relating thereto, shall, during the Time of his remain-

ing such Manager, or being employed as aforesaid, ad as a Dealer in Wheat or other Grain, or Flour or

Meal, or as a Factor or Agent in the buying or selling thereof, or shall buy any Wheat or other Grain,

Flour, or Meal, for the Purpose of felling the fame for Profit or Gain, or make for Sale, or fell any Bread;

and if any such Manager or Officer, or other Person aforesaid, shall, during such Time as aforesaid, ad as

a Dealer in Wheat or other Grain, or Flour or Meal, or buy or fell any Wheat or other Grain, Flour, or

Meal, as a Fadoror Agent, for any other Person or Persons, or buy any Wheat or other Gr^in, or Flour

or Meal, on his own Account, for the Purpose of felling the fame for Profit or Gain, or make for Sale,

or fell any Bread, he or she shall forfeit, for every Quarter of Wheat or other Grain, or Sack of Flour or

Meal, so bought or fold, and for every Sack of Flour or Meal so made into Bread.as aforesaid, the Sum

Of forty Shillings, to be recovered with Costs of Suit, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record, by Action

of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more

than one Imparlance shall be allowed, and to be applied, one Half thereof to the Poor of the Parish

where such Offence was committed, and the other Half to the Person or Persons who shall Cue for the

fame.

44 Shares may be transferred. Form of Transfer. Transfer shall be registered in the Books of the Com-

44 pany, or the Purchasers shall not be entitled to any Dividends, or to vote. § 22. If 120,000!. shall not

44 be sufficient 30,0001. more may be raised. § 23. The additional Sum may be raised by Mortgage or

44 Bond. Form of Assignments. § 24. An Entry of every Alignment shall be made by the Clerk to the

44 Company in a Book which may be perused gratis by the Proprietors. Assignments may be transferred.

44 Form of Transfer. Transfers to be entered in the same Manner as original Assignments. §25. In-

44 terest of Mortgages shall be paid Half Yea*"ly in Preference to Dividends. 26.”

No Member or

Officer of the

Company dis-

abled Irom fit-

ting; in Farlia-

jnent, 01 shall ‘

inrefpeit of his

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall be a Member, or a Manager or other Of-

ficer of the said Company, shall for that Cause only be disabled from being a Member of Parliament, or (balfe

in respect of his Share or Shares therein, be or be adjudged liable to be a Bankrupt within the Intent and

Meaning of all or any of the Statutes made of or concerning Bankrupts.

Share be liable to be a Bankrupt.

Hi* Majesty,

by Order in

Council, may

dissolve the

Company or

fyfpend their Proceedings.

44 Limitation of Adionsfix Months. General Issue. Treble Costs. § 28.”

XXIX. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, if he shall so think fit, by his

Order in Council, to dissolve the said Company, or to suspend all or any of the Trocecdings of the lame; such

Diflblution or Suspension being to take Effect not sooner than six Months from and after the Date of such

Order in Council.

44 Publick Act. §30.”

CAP.

