194 C. io6. Anno tricciimondno Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

and ninety-nine; or (halt, on or before the fa^d first Pay of August^ voluntarily enlist into some one of his

Majesty’s Regular Regiments; and to direct that such Militia Man so pardoned and enlisting shall not be

liable to be claimed by or returned to serve in the Regiment, Battalion, or Company aforesaid; and all

TVlilitia Men who shall have deserted at any Time before the patting this Act, and who shall not have fur-

rendered themselves, or enlisted as aforesaid, in consequence of such Proclamation, on or before the first Day

of Augttji one thousand (even hundred and ninety-nine, shall be liable to be tried in the same Manner, for

Desertion or Absence from their Duty, and to be punished and adjudged to Service in his Majesty’s Regular

Forces, in the same Manner as is herein before directed, with respect to Militia Men deferring or absenting

themselves from their Duty, from and after the patting of this Act.

Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That where in any Regiment, Battalion, or Company of Militia, in

which any Private Man shall be promoted to the Rank of Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, in consequence

cf any Vacancy occasioned by the DeathorDischargeof any Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer, the

Parish or Place for which such Private Militia Man was ballotted shall find and provide another Man instead,

it shall be lawful to and for any two Deputy Lieutenants acting for the Subdivision wherein such Parish or

Place shall be situate, to certify the fame to the fuftices of the Peace assembled at the next General or

Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held for the same County, Riding, or Place; and the said Justices shall at

such Settions order a Sum of Money, not exceeding the Average Price paid for a Substitute in such Parish

or Place, or any adjoining Parish or Place, to be paid out of the County Rates, to the Churchwardens and

Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Place which shall find and provide another Man as aforesaid, whether

such Man shall serve personally or by Substitute, and to be applied in Aid of the Poor Rates in such Parish or

Place.

the MiKtia who

shall surrendtr,

or enlist into

the Regular

Forces, by

Aug. 1, 1799 5

and such as do

not surrender or

enlist, shall be

liable to be tried

a> Dcfcrters

after passing tills

Where any

Place shall pro-

vide a Man to

fill a Vacancy

occasioned by

Promotion or

Death, or Dif-

charge, two

Deputy Lieute-

nants may cer-

tify the fame to

the Sessions,

who shall order

a Sum out of

the County

Rate* to the Overseers for providing another Man.

No Ballot shall

tike place

where a Private

has been pro-

moted in the

Room of a

Non-com mi f-

fioned Officer

or Drummer reduced, till the Reduced be discharged.

XX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Private Militia Man shall be promoted to the Rank

of a Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer in any Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of

Militia, in the Room of any such Officer or Drummer reduced to the Ranks, no Ballot shall take place in

the Parish or Place for which such Private Man so promoted was then serving, in consequence of any Va-

cancy occasioned by such Promotion, until the Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer so reduced shall

have obtained his Discharge.

His Majesty XXI. 4 And, in order that at the Time of the Reduction of the said Militia Forces, a proportional Aug-

may appoint « mentation may be made to his Majesty’s Regular Forces, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War*’ be it

thcgR^uiar further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by any Order under his Royal Sign Manual, to

Forces (who name and appoint such and so many Regiments of his Majesty’s Regular Forces, as his Majesty shall think

dull not serve fit, to receive Volunteers under the Provisions of this A ft from the Militia, in Manner herein-after direct-

out of Europe . an(j no Regiment which shall receive any such Volunteers as aforesaid shall, during the Term of five

Thne^to re* Years next ensuing, or,during the Continuance of the War, and for six Months after the Expiration there-

cive vciun- °^> be liable to serve out of Europe, or to be sent thereout under any Pretence whatever; and it shall be

teers from the lawful for any Private Militia Man to enlist into Ws Majesty’s Regular Forces under this Act, in the Man-

Militia, who ner, and subj eft to the Regulations herein-after mentioned; and every Person who shall be enlisted in his

shall beenlifted Majesty’s Regular Forces under this Act, shall be enlisted to serve for five Years, or during the Continuance

ffoioo.1 C°n~ of t^e Pre^ent W ar» and for six Months after the Expiration thereof, and no longer, and shall not be liable to

Men so enlistinr ^cnt or to ^erve out ^uroPe \ and every such Person shall, in Addition to the usual and accustomed Oaths

to take the foi- to ta^cn by every Person enlisting as a Soldier in his Majesty’s Forces, take the following Oath; (that is

lowing to say,)

x)ath. 4 I A. B. do sincerely promise and swear. That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty

4 King George; and I do swear, that I will faithfully serve in the Regiment of his Majesty’s

4 Regular Forces within any Part of Europe, during the Term of five Years, or for the Continuance of the

4 War, and for six Months after the Expiration thereof, unless I shall be sooner discharged.*

No Person so

enlisting foa 1

he drafted into

any otherCorpa,

uokfs first dif-

charged, and

thereafter vo-

luntarily enter-

ing.

Every Militia

Man enlisted in

the Regular

Force* shall be

entitled to ten

Guinea*

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be enlisted to serve in any Regiment, Bat-

talion, or Corps of his Majesty’s Regular Forces appointed to be recruited under this Act, shall serve in the

Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, in which he shall have originally enlisted to serve, and in no other Regi*

ment, Battalion, or Corps whatever; and no Person enlisting into any such Regiment, Battalion, or Corpus

shall on any Accountor Pretence whatsoever be drafted into or serve in any other Regiment, Battalion, oc

Corps, whether such Person shall consent to his being so drafted or not, unless in every such Cafe the Person

so drafted to serve in any other Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, other than the one for which he shall have

so enlisted as aforesaid, shall have been first wholly and absolutely discharged from all Service whatever in

his Majesty’s Forces, and shall thereafter have voluntarily entered in such other Regiment, Battalion, or

Corps.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person enlisted to serve in his Majesty’s Regular Forces

under this Act shall be entitled to the Sum of ten Guineas as a Bounty, to be paid in Manner herein-after

directed; and it shall be lawful for the Justice of the Peace or Magistrate before whom any such Person so

enlisted as aforesaid shall be attested, tpdireft any Sum, not exceeding one third Part of the said Bounty of

tcnGuineas, to be paid to him forthwith, or to be advanced to such rerfon, or to such of his Family, and

6 in

