A.D. 1799* Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 35.

CERTIFICATE.

I, K. L. Commanding Officer of the do hereby certify, in pursuance of

an Act of Parliament, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act*

[hereinfert the Title of the Act,] that the Conditions of Service agreed to by the said Corps of or

Association, are as follows ; videlicet, That the said Corps or Association has consented [ben

ftecijy the Conditions of Service] ;.and that all and every the Persons named in the above Muster Roll nave

duly signified to me (or other Commanding Officer of the Corps or Affiociation) their Consent thereto*

[A7”. J5. The following Paragraph is to he omitted in the Mujier Roll to he sent on or before the fifteenth of

May one ihoufandfnten hundred and ninety •nine; but is to be inserted in all those to be transmitted on or be-

fore the twenty fourth of December in each Tear.]

(And I do further certify, That I have not, to the bell of my Knowledge and Belief, inserted, or caused

to oe inserted, in the above Muster Roll, containing (Specify the Number) Names, the Name of any Per-

son who has not, since the Date of the passing the said Act of the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, [or since the Date of his Enrolment, if the fame has been posterior to the passing the said

Act^] duly attended at the Exercifeof the Corps or Association, unless prevented by Sickness, or by such

other sufficient Reason as hath been duly allowed by me, or by the Commanding Officer of the Corps

or Association for the Time being.)

And I da further certify. That the said Corps or Association (hath, in the Course of the three Months im-

mediately preceding the Date hereof, been inspected by A. B. General (or Field) Officer in his Majesty’s

Service,) cr, (hath not within the last three Months been inspected in the Manner required by the said Act,

but is ready and willing to be so inspected, as in the said Act is provided).

Signed K. L.

Dated the Commanding Officer.

B.

FORM of Consent of each Person hereafter to be enrolled in any Corps of Volunteers or Affectation* to

the Conditionsof Service thereof.

To K. L. Commanding Officer of the of Volunteers or

Association.

I, C. D. having enrolled myself in the said Corps or Association, do hereby consent and engage myself to

the Conditionsof Service thereof, videlicet [herefpeefy the Conditionsof Service, as the Cafe may be].

Signed . Q. Z>.

Dated the

C.

FORM of Monthly Return and Certificate of Volunteer Corps or Association, to be transmitted by the

Commanding Officer thereof to the Lieutenant of the County or Place.

To A.B. his Majesty’s Lieutenant for the of

MONTHLY RETURN of the of commanded by

f Colonel. Lieut. Colonel* , Major. Captains. Captain Lieut. 1 C c t* s g a Cornets. of c oC CJ a W QuarterMatters. Serjeants. Corporals. Trumpeters. Drummers. Fifers. Privates. Enrolled since last Keturn. Discharged, Or quitted, ordead,finer last Return.

I I 1 • i f No. Names. No. Names.

1 :L >

Signed K, L. Commanding Officer. '

I, K. L. Commanding Officer of the do hereby certify. That the several Persons whose Names

are herein contained, as enrolled in the said Corps or Allbciiition since the last Return thereof, have ddy

signified to me, (or other Commanding Officer of the Corps or Affirciattonf) under their Hand?, their Consent

*o the Conditions of Service thereof.

■ ‘ • O 2

