A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. C. 32. 591

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for further continuing, until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next

Session of Parliament, several Acts, made in the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth Years

of his present Majesty’s Reign, and in the last Session of Parliament, for empowering

his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspedl are conspir-

ing against his Person and Government. [31ft 1 Boo.]

\X7 HEREAS an Act was passed on the twenty-eighth Day of February owe thousand eight hundred, 39 Jr 40 Geo* 3.'

intituled, An Act for further continuing, until the fist Day of February one thousand eight hundred c. 20*

tsnd one. An At7, made in the la/l Session of Parliament, intituled, 4 An Act for further continuing until the fitJl

4 Day of March one thousand right hundred, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, 44 An

4 Atft to empower his Mffe/ly to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring

4 against his Person and Governmentwhich Act was to continue in force until the first Day of February

4 one thousand eight hundred and one, and no longer-: And whereas it is necessary for the publick Safety

that the Provisions of the said A£fc passed on the twenty-eighth Day of February orife thousand eight

hundred, should be continued j’ be it therefore enacted, Sec.

44 Persons who arc or shall be imprisoned for High Treason, &c. may be detained, till the Expiration of

44 six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament. $ 1. A& in Scotland of 1701,

44 for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, so far as may relate to Treason, See. suspended till the fame Pe-

44 riod. ft* I<rom that Period, Persons so committed shall have the Benefit of all Laws providing ftf

44 the Liberty of the Subject* §3. Privileges of Parliament shall not be invalidated by this A&. § 4*

44 Persons imprisoned, and against whom Jud gments for High Treason are already fouiid, shall be tried

44 thereon. § 5 Any one of his Majesty.*s Secretaries of State order Persons cortmritted on any

44 charge of High Treason, &c. to be conveyed from one Prison to another. Such Removal not to deprive

44 any Person of any Right to be tried or discharged. § 6. Persons charged with High Treason, &c. by

44 Warrant of a Principal Secretary of State, and sent from Ireland to Great Britain, by Order of the

44 Lord Lieutenant and fix Privy Councilors, may be detained in Custody in such Place as his Majesty

44 shall think fit. $ 7. [The first Words of this Section arc, 44 And whereas in the disturbed State,” See.

44 instead of the present disturbed State,” as in former Acts ] But when such Persons are entitled by the

44 Law of Ireland to be tried or discharged, they may apply to the Court of King’s Bench in England*

44 or Court of Justiciary in Scotland> or any Judge of those Courts, who shall order them to be discharged

44 or sent to Ireland. § 8. One of his Majesty’s secretaries of State may order any Person in Custody on a

44 Charge of High Treason, &c. committed in Ireland\ to be detained in Great Britain, until he Can be

*4 properly sent to Ireland to be tried or discharged* § 9. But Persons entitled to their Trial or Dtfcharge*

44 may apply for the fame, as under $ 8. preceding.—§ 10. Continuance of Act.4ill the Expiration

44 of lix Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session and no longer. § 11.”

