€.65*

Anno tricesimo non© Georgii III. A.D. 1799,

Vessel removing

it Coastwise,

the fame Relief

to be given at

for Sale loft

through Strtfs

of Weather, un-

der 1% Gto. 3.

c. S9. $ 115.

3$Gea. 3. c. S9.

- $ 13&. recittrf,

and repealed.

Application of

duties.

\^indfie e. 77.

e. ij.

been duly paid or secured to be paid, shall, together with the Ship or Vessel in which such Salt or Rock SaJt

shall be removing or transporting from one Part, of this Kingdom to another, be loft by Capture of Ene-

mies, it shall and may be lawful either for his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Divifioiv

or Shire, at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace neared to which the Owner, Proprietor, or Shipper of the Salt

or Rock Salt shall reside, or for the Commissioners of Excise at the Chief Office of Excise in London, or

any three of the said Commissioners, (in like Manner as is authorised or directed by the said Act, made

in the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign for or irt respect of such Salt or Rock Salt, as is lit

the said Act in that Behalf mentioned, lost or destroyed through Stress of Weather, or Storms at Sea, or

by the unavoidable casting away, sinking, or stranding of the Flat, Boat, Barge, or Vessel, in or on board

of which such Salt or Rock Salt was removing or transporting from one Place to another,) to grant {be-

like Relief, as in and by the said Act is authorized, directed, or required, for or in respect of any such Salt

or Rock Sak which shall be so loft by Capture of Enemies, as is in and by the said Act authorized or re-

quired, for or in respect of Salt or Rock Salt lost or destroyed through Stress of Weather, or Storms at

Sea, or by the unavoidable casting away, sinking, or stranding, of the Flat, Boat, Barge, or Vessel, in or,

on board of which the fame was so removing or transporting from one Place to another.

XIII. And whereas by the said Act made in the thirty-eighth Year of his prdent Majesty’s Reign, it

4 is enacted, that out of the Monies arising from the Duties on Salt thereby granted, the Sum of one hundred*

and one thoufandfive hundred and fifty-five Pounds, being one Fourth Part of the Sum of four hundred and?

4 six thousand two hundred and twenty Pounds, the annual Average Produce for six Years, ending the fifth

4 Day of Abril one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, of the said Duties on Salt, should Quarterly*.

4 on the Days therein mentioned, in every Year, during the Period of ten Years, be set apartfrom thp

4 Remainder of the said Rates and Duties; and that the said Remainder of the said Duties mould, during

the said Period of ten Years, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, distinftly1 and apai;t

4 from all other Branches of the Public Revenue; and that the said Remainder of the said Rates an$t-

4 Duties, so paid into the said Receipt, or so much thereof as as should be sufficient, should be deemed an

4 Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose in the said. Act mentioned: And whereas it is expedrent-

4 to repeal the said recited Clause, and in lieu and stead thereof to make such Provision a9 is in that Behalf

4 herein-after directed;’ be it therefore enacted, That the said recited Clause shall be, and the fame is here-

by repealed; and that Quarterly, on the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July,

and the tenth Day of October, in every Year, the Sum of eight thousand Pounds, being one Fourth Part of*

the Sum of thirty-two thousand Pounds, the annual Average Produce upon an Account taken for three

Years, ending the fifth Day of Abril one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, of the Monies paid or*

Account of Allowances for Wane, and of the Difference between the Discount heretofore allowed, by-

Reason of the Length of Time given for Payment of the Duties, and that which was provided by an Act

made in the thirty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign*, intituled, An Act for determining the present

Allowances for IVaJle on Salt carried Coq/lwife; and for reducing the respective Times of Payment of the Duties

on Salty shall, for and during the Residue of the said Term of ten Years, mentioned in the said iaft recited

Act, be set apart out of the Monies arising from the Duties on Salt, granted by the said Act of the

thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, and shall be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s

Exchequer, distinftly and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Revenue; and that there shall be

provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Remainder of the said Pe-

riod^ Book or Books, in which such Quarterly Sums shall, together with the Monies arising from any other

Duties, granted by any Act of the thirty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the Purpose of de-

fraying such increased Charge as is mentioned in the said Act of the thirty-sixth Year of his present Ma*-

jesty’s Reign, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs

or SuccclTors, on any Account whatever; and that the further Sum of ninety-three thous.nd nve hundred

and fifty-five Pounds, being the Remainder of the first mentioned Sum of one hundred and one thousand five:

hundred and fifty-five Pounds, shall, for and during the said Remainder of the said last mentioned Period of

Time, likewise Quarterly, on the before mentioned Days in every such Year, be let apart from the Duties

On Salt granted by the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, and paid distinftly

and Separately into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer; and that from the Conclusion of the said Period

of Time, until the Expiration of ten Years, from the tenth Day of Ofiober one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-eight, the full Sum of one hundred and one thousand five hundred and fifty-five Pounds (half*

in like Manner, be set apart from the said Duties granted by the said last mentioned Act, and paid distinftly-

and separately into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer; and that, after felting apart such Quarterly

Sun or Su nsas aforesaid, the Remainder of the Rates and Duties on Salt granted by the said last mentioned

Act, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition, made to the Revenue, for the

Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made or Stock created, by virtue of any

Act passed in the last Session of Parliament; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the

Auditor of the said Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, during the Period of te'n Years, from the tenth

Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, a Book or Books, in which the said Remain-*

der of the Monies arising from the said Duties granted by the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his

I relent Majesty’s Reign, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Duties, grained 111 the said

last Senior) of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered fepa-

rate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to hi& Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any

Account whatever.

XIV. And

