A.D. 1799. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 13, 14. 285

per Centum per Annum, at the extended Periods allowed to the said by the Com*

missioners under the said Acts, in the Manner as the fame now (land, as a Security for Repayment thereof,

by Infhlments according to the said Acts: And we further consent and agree, That the said Commis-

Coners shall be at Liberty to grant to the said - the said Extension of Time for

Payment, cither upon the Security already received for the fame, or upon any such other or different Secu-

rity as they in their Discretion shall think fit to accept, either for the Whole of the Money remaining due

on the said Loan, or upon such. Loan separated and divided into such Parts as shall be allowed by the said

Commissioners.

Witness our Hands, this Day of

SCHEDULE B.

TyE Commissioners under several Acts of Parliament passed.

v for granting Relief to Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent

do hereby grant to . until the and no longer, for

procuring [and tendering to us, good and sufficient new Security or Securities with Sureties], or [the Con*

sent of Sureties of the said . to remain answerable

as such Sureties}, under an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled.

An Act [here infer t the Title of this A ft,]'fox the Repayment of the Sum of

with Interest due on a Loan of Exchequer Bills made to the fail under the said

Acts, upon Condition nevertheless of Payment of the first Instalment of such Loan, or such Part thereof

3S remains unpaid on the fifth Day of January one thousand eight hundred: and if the said

does not produce the fame on or before the said Day of and- 4

make good such nrft Instalment, as aforesaid, the Securities already given and entered into by the said

and his Sureties will be forthwith put in force for recovering, the Money due-

withe said Loan. ,

Witness our Hands, this Day of

SCHEDULE C. ‘

tyHEREAS the Sum of # was advanced t<r

T in Exchequer Bills on certain Conditions, pursuant to several Acts passed in the thirty-fifth and thirty*

seventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting Relief to Persons connected with and trading

to the Islands of Grenada andSaint Vincent: And whereas the said hath given Secu-

rity with Sureties, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament respecting such Relief as afore—

said, for the Repayment of the said Loans by certain Instalments, payable at certain Periods, in such Security

[or Securities] mentioned And whereas the Sum of still remains unpaid on

the said Loan: And whereas an Application has been made to us the said Commissioners for further Ex*

tendon of the Time for repaying such Loan: Now we, whose Names are hereunto subscribed, being.

of the Commissioners under the said Acts^do, in pursuance of the Directions contained in an»

Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act [hereJet forth the

Title of this At7}, certify. That we have granted and allowed to the said

the further Time [or Tunes]for Repayment^ the said Sum of [or Instalment or

Instalments of the said Sum of as the Cafe may be,] that is to say, [recite the Times,

find Sums.]

Given under our Hands and Seals,this. Day of.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for empowering His Majesty to (horten the Time for the Meeting of Parliament in

Cafes of Adjournment, [i^th October 1799.]

TX/HEREAS by an Act passed iivthe thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Provi-

lion is made for empowering his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to (horten the Time required

4 for giving Notice of the Meeting of Parliament for the Dispatch of Business, in the Cafe of a Prorbga- 37 Geo. 3*

4 tion of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that-a like Power should be given to his Majesty, his C4ia7#

4 Heirs and Successors, in Cafes of the Adjournment of Parliament Be it therefore enacted by the King’s

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commo/is, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Cafes His Majesty

where both Houses of Parliament shall (land adjourned for more than fourteen Days from the Day of the may iffuehis

Date of the Proclamation herein-after mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and

Successors,.to»issue his and their Royal Proclamation, by and with the Advice of his and their P^vy Council, Meeting 0rr Par-

thereby liamentin not.

left than four.

