5*

*nd of the

Duties under

38 Geo. 3.

C.J6 ($38.)

All Money

luifcd under

Wwfc Acts, and

also under this

Ad, not ex-

ceeding seven

Millions, shall

be applied to

tile Services of

the Year 1798 j

or in paying

the Intmft of

the Loan of

’eight Mil-ion*

rail ed la ft Sef-

fion j Tfie soft

*• 4*- V >3»] the

Surplus to be

appropriated to

the Services of

the Year 17991

or of anyfub-

foquent Year,

Specifically

charged on the t

said Duties, not

exceeding ten

Millions in any

one Year; next

ip Payment of

the Interest of

afoy Loan* to be

Specifically

charged there-

on 3 and Jaftly,

in the Purchase

of Stock to the

Amount of the

'Stock created

by such Loans :

The Money to

be issued and

applied accord-

ingly. [SVe 38 G.

The Duties to

ecafe, on the

I*u; chafe, by the

Commissioners

of the National

Debt, of Stock

to the Amount

of Stock created

by any Loans to

be fpccifically

charged on the

laid Duties; as

under 38 Geo. 3.

Every Appeal

decided on the

Ground of In-

come, under

38 Geo. 3.

e. if* /hallbe

conclusive, ex-

cept where the

Party shall

prove [under

eft bat Act]

that hie Income

Ur the Year

ending Feb. 5,

fell short of the!

wto that Ad, 0

•C. 13. Anno tiricefimo nono pEOROti III. A.D.1799.

* Dutiesj^anted by another Ait of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An del for the belter Protection

4 of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods. imported and

4 exported, and on the Tonnage f certain Ships entering outwards or inuards to or from Foreign Parts, until

* theJigning the Preliminary Articles of Peaces not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Seven Millions, which

4 should be paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, were, from 'rime to Time, as the fame should be

4 paid into the said Receipt, directed to be issued and applied to such Services as arc in the said first recited Act

4 mentioned :* He it further enacted. That all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Assessments by

the said recited Acts granted, or from Payments at the Bank of England, and also from the Rates and Duties

hereby granted, not exceeding the said Sum of seven Millions, which shall be paid into the said Receipt

of the Exchequer, shall from Time to Time, as the fame shall be paid into the said Receipt, be

issued and applied either to the Services voted by the Commons of Great Britain, in the said last Session of

Parliament, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; or to the Payment

and Dischargeof all Annuities, Interest, and Dividends which have or shall become payable in consequence

of the Loan of eight Millions raised by virtue of another Act passed in the said last Session of Parliament;

and that, after issuing or reserving at the said Receipt of Exchequer, out of the said Monies, such Sums as

shall be sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid, the Surplus of the said Monies, as the fame shall arise and be paid

into the said Receipt, shall be and are hereby appropriated for the Services which shall then have been voted

by the Commons of Great Britain for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine,

or shall be voted by the said Commons for the Service of any subsequent Year, not exceeding ten Millions

in any one Year, and which shall be specifically charged on the said Rates and Duties by any Act or Aftsto

be passed for that Purpose; and in the next Place for the Payment and Discharge of all Annuities, Interest,

and Dividends which shall become payable in consequence of any Loan or Loans, which shall also be speci-

fically charged on the said Rates and Duties by such Act or Acts ; and lastly, for the Purchase of Publick

Annuities to the Amount of the Annuities which may be created on such Loan or Loans 3 and the Com-

missioners of his Majesty’s Treasury now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the

High Treasurer for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and required to issue and apply the fame for

the Services of each Year successively, to such Amount yearly as shall have been then voted by the Com-

mons of Great Britain, not exceeding ten Millions in any one Year, and in the next Place to the Payment

and Discharge of the Annuities, Interest, and Dividends which shall become payable in consequence of such

Loan or Loans, as and when the fame shall become payable; and that, after applying such Part of the said

Monies as shall be sufficient for the Services of each Year successively as aforesaid, and for the Payment and

Discharge of all such Annuities, Dividends, and Interest as aforesaid, or reserving the same at the said Receipt

of Exchequer, the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of

them, or the Lord f^igh Treasurer for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and required to issue,

from Time to Time, the Surplus of the said Monies arising from the Rates and Duties by this Act grant-

ed, during the Term for which the said Rates and Duties are hereby granted, to the Governor and Company

of the Bank of England, to be placed to the Account of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, passed in

the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for applying certain Sums annually to the Re-

duction of the National Debt, who shall apply the fame in Payment for the Purcftafc of any Publick Annui-

ties, in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, so long as the (amc

shall be so applicable under and by virtue of this Act*

3. C.X6. V9*»99» 100 3

CXXI. And be it further enacted. That upon the Purchase by the said Commissioners appointed for the

Reduction of the National Debt out of the Monies to arise as aforesaid, of Publick Annuities to the

Amount of all the Annuities which may be created on any Loan or Loans specifically to be charged on the

said Rates and Duties as aforesaid, the said Rates and Duties shall be determined in the Manner directed

by the said last mentioned Act, and all the Powers. Provisions, and Rules, contained in the said last-men-

troned Act, for illume and applying the Monies arising from, and for determining the Rates and Assessments

granted thereby, shall severally ana respectively be in full Force, and put in Practice, for the issuing and ap-

plying the Monies arising from, and for determining, at the Period herein mentioned, the Rates and

Duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if die fame had been repeated and re-enacted in this-

present Act.

c. 16. $ 101, &c.

CXXIL And be it further enacted. That every Appeal on the Ground of Income, once heard and de-

termined, under and by virtue of the said Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, for granting an Aid

and Contribution as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive during the Continuance of the Rates ana Duties

granted by the said Act, as is herein-before limited, except where the Party shall alledge and prove, in the

Manner directed by the said Act, that his or her Income, during the Year ending on the fifth Day of Febru-

ary one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, fell (hortof the Sum mentioned in his or her Declaration

by a stated Sum ; in which Cafe, and also where the Income of any Person has been diminiflxed from any

specifick Cause arising after the Time allowed for hearing Appeals in the Year preceding the said fifth Day

of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, it shall be lawful for the rpspective Commissioners

for hearing and determining Appeals under the said Act, to give Relief to the Appellant or Appellants in the

Manner directed by the said ACx.

Sum declared, or was diminished Oram fbmc specifick Cause; [fee §7* of that Aft\\ in which Cafe* the Commissioners of Appeal,

stay gWc^Uiiffv.

CXXUI. Pro-i

