A.D. 1800. Anno 39* 40® Georgii III.

C. 46, 321

plaints brought under the Authority of the said Act, and depending at the Commencement of this Act, drpmdingat

shall be carried on to a Conclusion, according to the Rules thereby prescribed, notwithstanding this pre-

-fentAd, A<fr, shall be

carried on according to the Rules of tUe former A£!

II. And be it enacted, That from and after the first Day of June one thousand eight hundred, (which From June 1,

is hereby declared to be the Commencement of this Act,) it shall be lawful and competent for any two or

more of his Majesty’s Justices of Peace in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, within their re- ^"cWe*for

spective Counties or Stewartries, to hear, try, and determine, as {hall appear to them agreeable to Equity sums nor ex-

and good Conference, all causes and Complaints brought before them, concerning the Recovery of Debts ceeding 51.

.orthe making tffectual any Demand: Provided always. That the Debt or Demand shall not exceed the Staling.

Value of Five Pounds Sterling, exclusive of Costs, and that in a summary Way, as more particularly here-

inafter mentioned.

III. And be it enacted, That all such causes shall proceed upon Petition or Complaint, dating shortly How causes

' the Cause or Ground of Adiion, and concluding against the Defender; which Petition or Complaint being shall be pcocccd-

signed by the Justice of Peace Clerk, or any Deputy by him appointed, or in case of his failing to appoint, «<* upon-

by a Clerk to be appointed within the respective Distri&s as hereinafter mentioned, {hall be a Warrant for

any Constable or Peace Officer, for summoning the Defender to appear and answer at the next Meeting

of the Justices of Peace in the District of the County or Stewartry where the Defender resides, the fame

not being sooner than upon the sixth Day after the Date of the Citation, and also for summoning Wit-

nefles to the same Day and Place: Provided always, That a Copy of the said Petition or Complaint, with

the Citation annexed, and also a Copy of the Account, Document of Debt, or State of the Demand, with

the Names of the Witnesses, or other Means of Proof, shall be delivered by a Constable or Peace Officer

to the Defender personally, or at his Dwelling House or Place of Abode, in which last Cafe, if the De-

fender shall not appear, he shall be cited a second Time personally, or at his Dwelling House or Place of

Abode, upon the Words de novo being either subjoined to the original Petition, and signed by any one

Justice of the Peace, or written in the Procedure Book kept by the Clerk, and signed by the Justkes, to ap-

pear either at the next stated Meeting, or at a Meeting to be held by Adjournment for that Purpose, and

fixed by the Justices at the first Diet, which second Meeting shall not be sooner than three Days from the

Date of the nrft, or in Default to be held as eonfeffing the Debt or Justice of the Demand; and the Con-

stable or Peace Officer, shall, in both Cafes, return an Execution of Citation signed by him, or shall ap-

pear and give Evidence upon Oath of his having duly cited the Defender in Manner aforesaid: Provided

ravertheless. That if the Defender {hall appear at any Time before such second Citation, and the Parties

and Witnesses shall be then ready, the Justices may proceed to hear and determine the Cause.

IV. And be it enacted, That the original Warrant, signed by the Justice of Peace Clerk, or his De-

puty, shall contain an Authority to the Officer to summon Witnesses, not only for the Pursuer but also for

the Defender, if the Officer shall at any Time, before the Diet of Appearance, be required by the Defender

to cite such Witnesses.

V. And be it enacted, That if the Witnesses cited, either upon the one Part or the other* do not ap-

pear at the Time and Place to which they are cited, it shall be competent to the Party or Parties to apply

for a new Warrant for compelling them to attend at the next stated or adjourned Meeting, which War-

rant may be signed by any one Justice of the Peace, and may require them to attend in order to give Evi-

dence, under a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, to be awarded by the Justice of Peace

in Default of their Appearance, unless a reasonable Excuse be offered and sustained, and to be recovered by

the Paity at whose Instance they were cited, in the fame Form and Manner as is herein directed with re-

gard to other Small Debts, or, in the Option of the Justice of Peace, to be imprisoned for a certain Time in

the County Prison, not exceeding ten Days.

VI. And be it enacted, That when the Panics {hall appear, the said Justices shall hear them viva voce,

and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and also the Parties by Declaration, or upon Oath^ Provided al-

ways, That no Procurators, Solicitors, or any Persons practising the Law, shall be allowed to plead for

them, either viva voce or by Writing, nor shall any of the Pleadings, or Minutes or Evidence, betake

down in Writing, or be . entered upon any Record.

&C,

VII. And be it enacted, That if the Defender who has been personally cited, or who has been cited a fe- Defender not

>cond Time on Default for Non-appearance on the first Citation, shall not appear by himself or by one of appearing, or

his Family, and shall not fend an Excuse to satisfy the Justices to give him a Delay, he shall be held as >t fending a

' confessing the Debt or Justice of the Demand; but if a sufficient Excuse shall happen to be made, or if the fufftc,cnt tx*

Absence of Witnesses, or any other good Reason assigned, shall move the Justices to adjourn the Meeting

’ to anowher Day, or to the next stated Time of meeting, it shall be competent for them to make such Ad-

journment, and the Parties and Witnesses shall be ordered then to attend.

Warrant foall

authorize Wit-

nefles to be

summoned for

both Parties.

Witnesses hot

appearing on

a second Sum-

mons liable to

Penalty.

Parties and

Witnesses may

he examined on

Oath, but no

Pradtifer of the

Law to plead.

VIII. And be it enacted, That where a Decree has gone in Absence or by Default, it shall be still

/competent for the Defendant, upon consigning the Sums decreed for in the Clerk’s Hands, and making

Intimation of this to the Pursuer personally, or by two Citations at his Dwelling House or Place of Abode,

‘ at any Time before the Days of the Charge elapse, to have the Matter re*heard at the following Court

'Day 5 and in like Manner where Abfolvitor has passed in Absence, it shall be competent for the Pursuer,

upon consigning Two Shillings and Sixpence into the Hands of the Clerk, and giving the like Notice to the

39 & 40 Geo. III. Tt other

cufc, shall be

held as con tif-

sing the Debt,

but for good

Rtafon the Juf-

tices may adjourn the Meeting.

Matters m iy br

rciitard on cer-

tain Condition^

