7*

C. 22.

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii IIIf A. D, 1799.

*e. (ranfmk of England, or such Receivers Genera), or their Deputies respectively, shall be, and the feme are hereby

to loch Com- ^pealed.

Bufltoner* an

Account of Sunxt paid, and to grant Certificates) repealed —\JU*nvtd by c. 41, $ 5. ss to Ptrfuis not giving NotUt of paying at the Bank, J

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons, Bodies, Corporations, Companies, Fraternities,

and Societies, assessed by the Commercial Commissioners appointed for the City of London and its Vicinity,

in the said first recited Act mentioned, and all Per ions, Bodies, Corporations, Fraternities, and Societies,

afieikd by any other Commercial Commissioners, shall and may pay to the Ca(bierof the Bank of England*

their several and respective Sums assessed, either in the Whole, or any such Proportion as they shall think

fit, fothat the Amount required by the said first recited Act to be paid by Instalments shall not be in Arrear

after the Days fixed by the said Act for the Payment thereof; and the Cashier of the Bank of England shall,

upon the Receipt of any such Sum or Sums of Money, enter the fame in the Manner directed by the said

Ad, and shall, on Demand, from Time to Time, permit Copies of the Entries fb made to be taken by

such Person as {hall be appointed to take the fame by the respective Commercial Commissioners, who shall

have assessed the Sums (b paid as aforesaid; and if such Commissioners shall, upon Reference to their pri-

vate Books, find that any Sums so assessed are in Arrear and unpaid after the Timt fixed by the said Act for

the Payment thereof, such Commissioners shall proceed for the Recovery thereof in like Manner in every

to be taken by as *8 directed for the Recovery of like Arrears by the said Act.

Commercial Commissioners, who, on finding by Reference to their own Books that any Sum is in Arrear, may proceed for Recovery of the fame as

under § 109 of c. 13.

XVIII. And be it further enacted. That in case any Person or Persons engaged in Trade or Manufac-

ture, and intending to be assessed by any Commercial Commissioners* appointed under the said first recited

Ad, for any City, Town, or Place, (except the City of London ana its Vicinity,) shall also intend to pay

his, her. Or their Assessment or respective Assessmfents at the Bank of England, instead of paying the fame

to the Receiver General of the County, Riding, or Place, in which such Assessment shall be made, as is

directed to be done by the said Act, and at the lime of delivering his, her, or their Statement or State*

ments of Income, or at any Time afterwards, before any Assessments shall be made upon him, her, or'

them, and entered in the Books of the respective Commissioners, shall signify such his, her, or their In-

tention in Writing to the Commercial Commissioners to whom such Statement of Income shall have been

or shall be delivered, that then and in every such Cafe the said Commissioners shall insert, in the Certificate

of Assessment made upon such Person, that such Notice hath been given, and shall cause the Name or

Names of such Person or Persons respectively to be entered or registered in Manner in the said Act* di-

reded. in a separate Book to be kept for that Purpose; and such Commissioners shall not in such Cafe be re-

quired to transmit any Counterpart of the Certificate or Certificates of any such last mentioned Assessment or

Assessments to any Receiver General, in Manner in the said Act directed, unless Default shall be after-

wards made in the Payment of any such Assessment at the Bank of England* in the Manner required by

•this Ad: Provided always. That the Names, alphabetically arranged, of all such Persons who shall de-

clare their Intention to pay the Sums assessed upon them into the Bank of England, with their respective

Places of Residence, shall be delivered to thelnfpe&or or Surveyor of the Distnd where such Commercial

Commissioners shall be appointed.

Jtgifttr the Names of such Persons in 1 separate Book; and need not transmit Certificates to the Receivers General, except in Default of Payment.

A»alphabetical Lift of such Persons* Names to be delivered to the Surveyor of the Distri& (* § 97.)

Such Persons,

ip ps^cingat

ah* Bank the

Certificates of

their AllMo-

ments, may pay

the Amount

(here, either at

once, or by In.

ftalmcnu, in

ilueTimc, un-

der the Letter,

Ac. marked on

the Certificate;

tube placed to

the Account of

the Commercial

Commimoners

of the respective

Distrids. The

Bank shall re-

ceive and enter

the fame, with-

out requiring

any Name; and

shah grant

Certificates for

• Persons assessed

by Commercial

Commissioners,

In London or

elsewhere, may

pay their AfTcfT-

ments into the

Bank, at once

or by Inflal-

ments in due

Time; an Ac-

count of which

Payments shall

be kept at the

Rank, and

Copies allowed

Persons intend-

ing to be assessed

by Commercial

Commissioners

in the Country,

and proposing

Co pay their

AfTeflVnents

Into the Bank,

(instead of to

the Receiver

General under

$ rod of c, rj,)

nay, before

Aflfcflhwm,

give Notice of

HKh intended

Mode of Pay-

mem to suchs

Commissioneis,

who shall nata-

tion Aich Nb-

tice in their

Assessment, and

XIX- And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall have given such Notice as aforesaid, but not

otherwise, except within the City of London and its Vicinity as aforesaid, shall, within the respective Times

limited by the said first recited Act for Payment of the Sums assessed, and on Production at the B.tnk of

England of their respective Certificates of Assessment, marked, numbered, or lettered, as by the said A£fc

isoireded, pay, or cause to be paid, into the said \lzu\i of England* the Amount of their refoedive Assess-

ments, or any Part or Proportion thereof at such Times and in such Proportions as they (nail choose, fb

as the Sums with which they shall be respectively charged, or any Part thereof, shall not be in Arrear after

the respective Times limited for Payment thereof under the respective Letters or Numbers marked on such

Certificates, to the Account of the Commercial Commissioners acting for the City, Town, or Place

where such Certificate shall have been issued as aforesaid (which Account the Governor and Company of

the Bank of England are hereby required to open with such Commissioners respectively for that Purpose) ;

and the CashierorCafhiersof the Bank of England shall, upon the Receipt of any such Sums of Money on

Account of any such Commissioners. enter the fame with the said respective Numbers and Figures set of-

pofite thereto, without requiring the Names of the Persons on whose Account the fame shall be paid, and

shall forthwith grant Certificates acknowledging the Receipt of such respective Sums ; which last mentioned

Certificates shall be delivered to such last mentioned Commercial Commissioners, and the Delivery of such

Certificates to the said last mentioned Commercial Commissioners shall be a sufficient Discharge to such

Persons for the Amount of the respective Sums so paid as aforesaid ; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the

Bank of England shall, from Time to Time, transmit to such last mentioned Commercial Commissioners

respectively, whensoever the fame shall be required by them, Accounts of all Monies so paid into the Bank

of England,' under the Account of the respective Commercial Commissioners to whose Account the fame

shall have been paid, with the respective Figures and Letters under which such Sums shall have been paid

as aforesaid.

fbc fame;

which, being delivered to such Commissioners, shall discharge the Persons aflrfTed. The Bank, when requited, shall transmit to such Commiflldhers^

JUcoonuof .the Sums so paid, with the Figures and Letters under which the Payments have been made.

6 XX. And

