C. 13,

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

40

Nam«?, with them, to which Book and Books every Inspector and Surveyor acting in the Execution of this Act may have

the Ctfntnbu free Access at all feasonable Times, and shall, upon Demand, be fumiftied by the Clerk to the said Cominif-

IkTamtained fi°ners with Copies thereof, or Extracts from the lame, or such Parts thereof as may be necessary for the due

in the Lifts and Execution of this Act.

Statements delivered; to which Books the Inspectors shall have Access, and may be furnished with Copies, &c.

The Commis-

sioners shall ap-

point Meetings

to take such

Statements into

Consideration,

and compute

and ascertain

the Assessments

on (hell State-

ments as they

shall be satisfied

with; and make

Aflelfments ac-

cordingly.

When the

Commissioners

have received

no Statement,

or no satisfac-

tory one; or the

Surveyor, Sec.

shall apply for

the Revifton of

any Statement,

suggesting its

Deficiency in

Writing, they

shall ifiuea Pre-

cept [infirm F.

of the Schedule to

this Afl] to the

Party charge-

able who shall

accordingly,

within ten

Days, return a Schedule of the Particulars of his Income. [&e c. 22. Sched. A.]

u And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act

shall appoint Meetings within their respective Divisions, which shall be held not sooner than fourteen Days

nor later than twenty-one Days after such Statements shall have been laid before them as aforesaid, for the

taking the fame into Consideration; and in case the said Commissioners shall be satisfied that all or any of

the said Statements have been made truly and without Fraud, and so as to enable the Commissioners to

charge the several Persons chargeable as aforesaid within their respective Districts, or any of them, with the

full Duties with which they ought to be charged under this Act, or more, and in case no Information shall

b© given to the said Commissioners of the Insufficiency thereof, as herein-after is mentioned, the said Com-

missioners shall at such Meeting, or as soon after as conveniently may be, but not later than seven Days after

such Meeting, compute and ascertain, or cause to be computed ana ascertained, the Amount of the Rates

and Duties to be imposed upon such of the respective Persons chargeable by this Act, within their respective

Districts, whose Statements shall be deemed satisfactory by such Commissioners, and shall make an Assessment

upon each ofthofe Persons accordingly.

LIE And be it further enacted, That in every Instance in which the said Commissioners shall not have

received any Statement of the Income of any Person chargeable by virtue of this Act, or shall not have re-

ceived any such Statement, with which they shall be satisfied, or if any Surveyor or Inspector for the said Rates

and Duties shall apply to the said Commissioners fora Revision of any such Statement, suggesting in Writing

that he hath Reason to believe that the Sum which would be chargeable on any Person upon such Statement,

is less than the just Rate and Proportion of the Income of such Person, whereat he or she ought to be charged

,by virtue of this Act, or that any Person omitted in the Abstract which shall be prepared by the said -Com-

missioners, ought to be charged to the said Rates, the said Commissioners shall, unless they, or so many of them

as are herein-after mentioned, after having heard such Reasons as the Surveyor shall lay before them, fee Cause

to disallow the Application of such Surveyor or Inspector, direct a Precept to such Person, in the Form

marked (F)in the Schedule annexed to this Act; which Precept being delivered to or left at the last of

usual Place of Abode of the Person chargeable as aforesaid, shall be binding upon such Person according to

the Exigency of such Precept; and every such Person shall return or cause to be returned to the said Com-

missioners, within the Space of ten Days after the Date of such Precept, a Schedule of the Particulars of

Property from which the Income chargeable under this Act ought to be estimated, with the Amount of De-

ductions to be made therefrom under such of the Heads contained in and according *0 the Form marked (D)

in the Schedule annexed to this Act, as the Cafe shall require.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That unless all the Commissioners except one, where less than five

shall be present, or all, except two Commissioners where five shall be present, shall adjudge that

there is just Cause to disallow the Application of any Surveyor or Inspector to revise any Statement

as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required in every such

Cafe, to disallow the fame; and thereupon to compute and ascertain, or cause to be computed and ascertained,

the Amount of the Rates and Duties which by this Act ought to be imposed upon the Person giving in

such Statement in respect thereof, and to make an Assessment upon such Person accordingly, subject to such

Appeal from the Determination of the said Commissioners, by such Surveyor or Inspector, as herein-after is

mentioned.

make the AlTeflment on the Party’s own Statement as given in (subje& to Appeal under § 71.)

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall have delivered any List, Statement, or

Schedule, in pursuance of this Act, shall discover any Error therein, it shall be lawful for such Person to

deliver a new or additional Lift, Statement, or Schedule, to the said Commissioners, in order to rectify

such Error, and if such new or additional Lift, Statement, or Schedule, shall be so delivered before any

Proceeding shall be had to recover any Penalty for not delivering the fame, no Proceeding shall afterwards

be had for recovering any such Penalty; and if any Proceeding shall have been actually had for recovering

any such Penalty, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon Proof being made to their Satisfaction,

that no Fraud or Evasion of this Act was intended, to certify the fame under the Hands of any two or more

of them, and upon such Certificate, on Application in a summary Way to the Court where the fame shall

be commenced, all Proceedings for recovering such Penalty shall be stayed, either ori Payment of the Costs

of the Proceedings then had, if any, or without Payment of such Costs, as the said Court shall think fit and

adjudge.

One Commis-

fioner of less

th:m five pre-

sent, or two out

of five, may

di fallow [fee]

c. 22. % 32.]

theApplication,

Sec. of any Sur-

veyor, Sec, and

the Commis-

sioners shall then

Persons may

correct Errors

sn their Lifts or

Statements by

delivering a

new Lift, Sec,

when no Pro-

ceeding shall be

had (or any Pe-

nalty incurred:

Or if any such

Proc'-ecing be

commenced, it

may (on Certi-

ficate of two

Commissioners that no Fiaud was intended) be stayed by the Court on a summary Application.

A Trustee shall

-not be liable to

any Penalty for

an impel left

Statement, if

the Commis-

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if anyTrustee, Agent, or other Person hereby

required to deliver any Statement or Schedule of any Income, of which such Trustee, Agent, or other

Person shall be in the actual Receipt on Behalf of any other Person or Persons, shall deliver any Statement

or Schedule which shall be imperfect, declaring himself, herself, or themselves to be unable to give a more

perfect Statement or Schedule, with the Reasons for such Inability, such Person shall not be liable to any

Penalty,

