3+9

A.D. 1800. Anno 39* & 40* Geosoii lit. C. 56—59.

in case such Money had been inverted in the Purchase of Real Estates for the Person or Persons who would be

the Tenant or Tenants of the first Estate or Estates Tail therein, either alone, or together with the Person

or Persons who would be the Owner or Owners of the particular preceding Estate or Estates therein, if any,

by Deed, Fine, or Common Recovery, or any of them, or other lawful Act, in the case of Freehold Here-

ditaments, or by Surrender and Recovery, or either of them, or other lawful Ad, in the case of Copyhold

Hereditaments, to bar the first Estate or Estates Tail, and the Rights and Interests of all Persons in Re-

mainder, it shall not be necefl'ary to have such Money actually invested in Lands or Hereditaments, in order

that such Estates Tail and Remainders over may be so barred; but that it shall and may be lawful to and for

the High Court of Chancery, or such Court of Equity, under the Controul of which such Money shall be,

and in the Cafe of Trustees, to and for the said High Court of Chancery, in a summary Way, upon Peti-

tion of the Person or Persons who would be Tenant or Tenants of the fiift Estate or first Estates Tail,

and of the Person or Persons who would be the Owner or Owners of the antecedent particular Estate or

Estates, if any, in the Lands and Hereditaments in case the fame were purchased, such Petitioners being

Adults, and in case where any of the Parties are or is Femes Covert or a Feme Covert, they, (he, or they

being first separately examined in Court, or upon a Commission, and consenting to order the Monies sub-

jested to such Trusts to be paid to the Petitioners or any of them, or to be paid and applied in such Manner

and for such Purposes as the Petitioners shall appoint and the Court shall approve of.

Tail, and the Party having any antecedent Estates, (being Adults, or if Femes Covert, separately examined,) may order stich Money to be paid to

them, or applied as they shall appoint.

to be invested

in the Purchase

of freehold or

copyhold Prc-

mifesj to Be set-

tled in such

Manner that it

would be com*

petenttothefirifc

Tenant in Tail

to bar Estate?

Tail and Re-

mainders, it

shall not be ne*

cefliry to have

such Money so

actually invest-

ed j but the

Court, on Pe-

tition of the

first Tenant in

may he trans-

ferred under an

Order of the

Court of Chan-

eery, &c.

II. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where Monies subjected to be laid out in the Purchase of Securities for

Hereditaments to be settled as aforesaid, shall happen to be inverted in Government or Real or other Secu- such Money

rities, all such Securities shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be considered as Money, and shall and may ac-

cordingly be transferred, adigned, and disposed of, under an Order of the respective Courts aforesaid, made

in a summary Way upon the Petition of such Persons, and with such Examination and Consent, where ne-

ceflary, as aforesaid, in such and the same Manner as Monies subjected to be laid out in the Purchase of He-

reditaments,. to be settled as aforesaid, are herein-before authorized to be paid, applied, and disposed of.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for enabling the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland to advance to the Lord Provost and

Magistrates of the City of Edinburgh, for the Purpose of completing the Improvements of the Harbour of

Leithy a certain Sum, being Part of the Money which by an Act of the last Session of Parliament was di-

reftedtobe paid into the said Court of Exchequer by the Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation.

[zoth June 1800 ]

« 39 Geo. 3. (r. Ixxi. of the Publick Local and Personal Aflsy) recited. The Court of Exchequer in Scotland

«* shall pay 25,000l. due from the Forth and Clyde Navigation to the City of Edinburgh* to be applied in

44 completing the Harbour of Leith, and g Lper Cent. Interest (hsdlbe paid for the fame Half-yearly till re-

44 paid. § 1- The Money may be placed in the Royal Banjc, &c. in Scotland till required for the Works. §2.

44 The Court of Exchequer shall place the Money when repaid to them into the Royal Bank, &c. and the

44 Iniereftflull be applied towards the Roads in the Highlands of Scotland. § 3. Publick Act. § 4.’*

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for further continuing and amending an Act* made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling

his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation and permit the Importation of Corn; and for allowing the Im-

portation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty. [30th June 1800.]

44 30 Geo. 3. e. 87. recited (continued by c. 9. $ 2. of this Seffon,) further continued till <0 Days after the

44 Commencement of the next Session. S i* Corn, (etc. shall be admitted to Entry although imported sub-

44 sequent to the Period fixed by any Order in Council, Proof beings made that the Veffef importing the

44 feme, from the Time of her (ailing, might have arrived before the said Period. § u”

CAP. LIX*

An Act to remove Doubt9 arising from the Construction of an Act made in the thirty-

ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for permitting certain

Goods imported from the East Indies to be warehoused, and for repealing the Duties now

payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof* [30th June 1800.]

7 HEREAS by an Act, made in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in- ^Ceo

4 Jfv tituled. An An for permitting certain Goods imported from the East Indies to be war thou fed* and

*for repealing the Duties now payable thereon^ and granting other Duties in lieu thereof \ fomt of the Duties

4 for or in retpeft of certain Goods imported from the East Indies, by the United Company of Merchants

4 trading to the East Indies, are repealed, and certain new and additional Duties of Customs are imposed

4 for and in respect of such Goods: And whereas Doubts may arise whether the Duties of Excise by the

Law* in farce immediately, before the puffing of the said Act, imposed for or in respect of Spirits, Wine,.

4 Ghto*,

c. ooooie

