A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 49. 333

case the Date of the Commencement of the said Lease shall go beyond fifteen Years from the passing of

this Act, then to an Average of any three successive Years within the said Period of fifteen Yeats; and

provided the said parochial and other Rates and Assessments are payable by the Occupier for the Time

being:

And the Value of all Tythes as the feme would be worth to be let when taken in Kind, or the Sums paid

or payable for the feme, or agreed to be paid in Satisfaction for the feme, within or for the last preceding or

the current Year. 1

If such aggregate Amount be under three hundred Pounds a Year, then the Income shall be taken at one-

half of such Amount; and if at three hundred Pounds a Year, or upwards, then at three-fifths of such.

Amount.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case of Lands occupied by the Owner, the Income arising incomearifing

therefrom shall be taken at the aggregate Amount of the Rent it which the feme are worth to be let by the from A

Year, according to the ordinary Rent of Lands of the like Quality, and under the like Circumstances, in Owner'fliJl br

the feme Neighbourhood, and a certain Proportion of what would be computed to be the Income of the t^n at the

Tenant at Rack Rent, as above-mentioned; that is to fey, if such aggregate Amount be under three hun- aggregate

dred Pounds a Year, then the Income shall be taken at such Rent and two-fifths of such Amount, and if at Amount of

three hundred Pounds a Year, or upwards, then at such Rent and one-balf of such Amount; except always

where the Lands shall have come into the Occupation of the Owner within eighteen Months pare, on the Kc?rhbotuhood

Expiration of a L^afe or the Death or Failure of a Tenant, in which Cafe the feme shall be valued at one *nda Proper- r

Year's Rent only of Lands of the like Quality as aforesaid. tion of wiut

would be computed to be the Income of the Tenant at Rack Renta

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if by pursuing the Rules before-mentioned,

any Occupier of Land shall think himself aggrieved by the Assessment to be made thereupon, it shall be law-

ful for such Occupier of Land to appeal from such Assessment, at such Time and in such Manner as Appeals grieved by fuclr

may be made under the said Acts; and if upon the Hearing of such Appeal, it shall be proved to the Satis- Assessment*

fedionof the Commissioners, that the Sum so estimated as the Income arising from such Lands by virtue of may appeal, as

such Rule, doth exceed the Amount of the clear Income actually received by such* Occupier from such' allowed by the

Lands, on the Average of three Years preceding (if such Person shall have occupied such Lands during anrfuTtbe

three 1 ears) or on the Average of the Period for whichhe shall haveoccupied the lame (if less than three* proved that t!*r

Years) it shall be lawful for such Commissioners, and they are hereby required, to amend such Assessment sum so efti-

in such Manner as according to all Circumstances proved to them, shall appear just and reasonable to be «ce*d*

charged in respect of such actual Income, computed on the Average and in Manner aforesaid; so that in no lhc cleaJhIn~

fitch Cafe the Occupier shall be charged with more than one Tenth Part of his actual Profits from the Land cotoifficrom

so occupied by him. msy amend the

Assessment, so that no Occupier shall be charged with more than a Tenth of the actual Profit* from the Lands. [See 39 Geo. 3. r. 13. § 94. J

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Provisions of the said recited Acts, or any of them,. Provisions ln^

which exempt from the Duties thereby granted Persons being in Great Britain for feme temporary Purpose r^ner

only, and not with any View or Intent of establishing their Residence therein, shall not be extended, in any 3?

Cafef from and after the passing of this Act, to any Person who shall have continually resided in Great Bn- 1*0.] which

fain for the Space of six Calendar Months prior to the'Time required for the Delwery of his or her State- exempt tempo-

ment of Income; but every Person who shall have continually so resided during the Period before-men- rary Rcfidenu,

tioned, shall be chargeable to the said Duties on Income in the Manner directed by the said recited Acts, as ““

a Person actually reading in Great Britain, whether such Person shall be Subject of his Majesty or not; have Conti»u-

any Thing in the said Acts to the contrary notwithstanding: And every Person who shall be adjudged, by ally resided in

reason of temporary Residence in Great Britain, to be chargeable to the Duties granted by an Act passed in Great Britain

the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an Mont£*

Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, shall be charged thereto in the Manner herein-after Timet0for

directed. very of state-

ments; but they shall be chargeable to the Duties. Temporary Residents chargeable to the Duties granted by 38 Geo. 3. c. 16. shall be charge#

thereto as hereinafter directed.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in every Cafe where the said. respective Commissioners shall act- Where the

judge any Person to be chargeable to the Duties granted by the said last mentioned Act, a9 a Person residing

in this Kingdom for a temporary Purpose only, it shall be lawful for them, in their respective Divisionsor fuchPcrfou

Districts, or any two or more of them, and they are hereby required, to issue their Preceptor Precepts chargeable,to

to the respective Assessors, or one of them, of the Duties 6n Houses, Windows, and Lights, and other the the Duucs under

Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, granted by two Acts passed 3*Geo. 3. c. 16.

in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the one thereof intituled, An Act for repealing

the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, on inhabited Houses, and on Clocks'and Watches; and for AOWftrsof the

granting to his Majesty other Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and on inhabited Houses, in lieu thereof; Duties granted

and the other thereof intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, horses, Mules, by 38 Oeo. 3.

and Dogs i and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and acting for the Parish or Place cc* 41 to

where the Person or Persons intended to be charged shall reside or be, or for any other Parish or Place where ^ be madeo?

such Person or Persons shall have returned to pay the Duties of any of them charged by virtue of the said the Particulars

Acts, requiring such Assessors, or one or more of them respectively, to cause a Return to be made, on and Amount 0#

a Day and at a Place to be fixed in every such Precept, of the Particulars and Amount of the Duties for and the Duties for

to which such Person or Persons shall stand charged by virtue of the last Assessment or A fleflments made upon

such Person or Persons by virtue of the said last mentioned Acts within their respective Parishes and Places, fUnd c,^cd

in bR virtue of tb+

.

