2 26

WitnessVs not

attending shall

forfeit from

40$. to 20s.

Refusing to give

Evidence may

1 e committed

for 14 Days,

Form of Con-

Viflion,

to be certified to

the Sctfions.

Allowing an

Appeal to the

Quarter

Sofikms.

Penalties, Half

to the Informer

and Half to the

Poor.

Limitation of

Actions.

Ceneral Ifiue.

Double Costs.

Piblick A&.

C. lviii. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Wit-

nesses to give Evidence before any such Justice or Justices of the Peace touching any Matter contained in

this Act, and shall have had a reasonable Sunt of Money paid or tendered to him for his Loss of Time and

Expences, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place for that Purnofe appointed, without a

reasonable Excuse for such his or their Negledtor Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice or justices, every

such Person shall forfeit or pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than

twenty Shillings, to be levied and paid in such Manner and by" such Means as herein-before directed with re-

spedt to other Penalties; and if any Person or Persons summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evi-

dence as aforesaid shall appear at the Time and Place for that Purpose appointed, but shall refuse to answer

any lawful Questions such Justice or Tuftices may think proper to put to him, such Justice or fuftices may

commit every such Person to some rrifon or House of Correction of the City, County, or Place within

the Jurisdiction of such Justice or Justices, for any Time not exceeding fourteen Days from the Time of

every such Commitment.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Offender

shall be convicted as aforesaid shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the following Form of

Words, or in any Form of Words to the fame Effect; (that is to say,)

t To wit. S BEi* remembered, That on this Day of in the Year of his Majesty

King A. B. is conviCted before me, [or us] one [or two] of his Majesty’s

4 Justices of the Peace for the City of London, [or for the City and Liberty of IVejhriwjhr, or for the County

4 of [as the Cafe may be*] for that the said A. B. on the Day of now last past, did,

4 contrary to the Statute in that Cafe made and provided [herejlatc the Ojfcr.ce agabift the Act ]; and I [or

4 we] do declare and adjudge, that the said A. B. hath forfeited the Sum of of lawful Money of

Great Britain for the Offence aforesaid. Given under my Hand and Seal, [or our Hands and Seals,] the

4 Day and Year aforesaid.’

And the said Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be had shall certify the fame to the next

General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the City, County, Liberty, or Place wherein

such Conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongst the Records of the said General or Quarter Sessions,

and such Conviction shall be good and valid in the Law to all Intents and Purpose.% and shall not be qualbed,

set aside, or judged void or inefficient for Want of Form only, and shall not be liable to be removed by

Certiorari into his Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, but shall be deemed and taken to be final to all Intents

and Purposes whatsoever.

XVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall

think him, her, orthemselves aggrieved by the Judgment or Determination of any such Justice or Justices as

aforesaid,may appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the City, Liberty, County, or Place where such Judg-

ment shall be given, at their then next General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, unless such next Ge-

neral or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall happen to be holden within fix Days next after any such

Conviction, and in such Cafe such Person or Persons may appeal to thefecoud General or General Quarter

Sessions'of the Peace which shall be holden for any such City, Liberty, County, or Place next after any such

Conviction, but no such Appeal shall be received, heard, or determined unless the Appellant or Appellants

shall first enter into a Recognizance with twosufficient Sureties, before such Justice or Justices so convict-

ing as aforesaid, in the Sum of ten Pounds each, to appear and prosecute every such Appeal with Effect*,

and the Tuftices of the Peace at such General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace are hereby autho-

rized and required, on every such Appeal being made, and on reasonable Notice thereof given to the other

Party, finally to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order and to award

such Costs therein as they in their Discretion shall fee meet, and which said Order and Determination shall

be final and conclusive to all Parties, and no Certiorari shall be allowed to remove any such Proceedings or

Determination.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That one Moiety of the Penalties by this Ac! imposed shall, when

recovered, go and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall prosecute to Conviction any such Of-

fender or Offenders, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence shall be com-

mitted.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be sued or prosecuted for any Thing done in

pursuance and in execution of this Act after the Expiration of six Months from the Time when the Offence

was committed, and every such Suit or Prosecution shall be brought in the City, County, or Place

where such Offence shall have been committed, and not elsewhere; and every Person so sued shall and may

plead the General issue, (Not guilty,) and may give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any

Trial to be had thereupon; and if a Verdidlshall be found for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plain-

tiff shall become nonsuit or discontinue his Act ion after the Defendant shall have appeared, or if Judgment

shall be given upon a Demurrer again!! the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in every

such Action shall receive Double Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame as Defendants have in other

Cafes for the Recovery of their Costs.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall

be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without speci-

ciaily pleading the same. *z

Cap.

