i

I

I

I

t

A. D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 13. 35

XXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to re- 0nhr

quire more than one third of any Qualification, confiding of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be ®ioJJ*nx^dca‘

situate within the respective County, Riding, Shire, or Stewartry, for which any Person shall be appointed need be

to act as a Commissioner. within thcOounty, fee.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any Person whose Estate shall consist of Lands, LandandPer-

Tenements, or Hereditaments, and also of Personal Estate, to any of the respective Values herein-before fonaitymaybe

reauired, efti mating in every such Cafe one hundred Pounds Personal Estate, and four Pounds per Annum valued together

of Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as equivalent to each other, may ad as a Commis- * •^c^Per-

fioner for any of the Purposes of this Act, as if such required Value had wholly arisen from Lands, fonaltywbe^*

Tenements, or Hereditaments, or wholly from Personal Estate $ any Thing in this Act contained to the equivalent to 4I.

contrary notwithstanding. per Annum from Land. [&tr. 22. § 12.]

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioner for any of the Purposes of this Act Penalty on a

before or after mentioned, or any other Person herein required to be seised or possessed of a Qualification to

ad in she Execution of this Act, shall act therein, or in any of the Powers therein contained and vested in being so quali-

such Commissioner, or other Person as aforesaid, without being duly qualified as by this Act is required, fied 50I.

every such Person shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds; to be recovered as

any Penalty may be recovered by virtue of the said first recited Act.

XX VIII. Provided also, and oe it further enacted. That in case there shall not be a sufficient Number of if there be not a-

Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, for any City, Borough, Town, or Place, for which by this sufficientNum-

Ad such Commissioners are particularly to be appointed, capable of acting according to the Qualification ber of Commis-

required by this Act, then and in every such Cafe any of the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, ^ufly

appointed for the County at large within which such City, Borough, Town, or Place shall be situate, or J“ly| *c com-

next adjoining thereto, may and they are hereby required to act as Commissioners for the Purposes of this missionersfor

Ad, for such City, Borough, Town or Place. the County at large may aft within such City, &c. [&r c. 42. § a.]

XXIX. Provided al(h, and be it further enacted. That if there shall not have been a Grand Inquest im-

pannelled within the Period before-mentioned, in any City, Town, or Place, being a County of itself, it

m ill be lawful for the Sheriff of such City, Town, or Place, to summon the Persons named in the Com-

mission of the Peacd for such City, Town, or Place, at the1 Time of Puffing this Act, and who shall

cortfinue so to ad until they shall be so respectively summoned ; and such Magistrates and Justices, being

so summoned, shall feled the several and respective Commissioners to act for such City, Town, or Place,

under this Act, for any of the Purposes herein-mentioned, in the same Manner and with the fame Powers

as the Grand Inquest of such City, Town, or Place, if impannelled within the Period before-mentioned,

together with such Persons in the Commission of the Peace, might have done, and also certain other Persons

to supply Vacancies, as the fame shall arise, in the Manner before-mentioned, and also so many other Persons

as they shall think necessary to be Assistants to the Commercial Commissioners to be appointed under this

Ad, if any shall be appointed for such City, Town, or Place ; and the Names of the Persons so chosen shall

be returned to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if it shall appear to the Persons assembled for

the Purpose of naming Commissioners of Appeals as aforesaid for any County or Riding in England, that by

Reason of the Extent of such County or Riding, or the relative Situations of different Parts thereof, one Set

of Commissioners of Appeal cannot conveniently perform the Duties required of such Commissioners by

this A&, it shall be lawful for such Persons to name two or more Sets of Commissioners of Appeal to ad

for different Parts of such County, or Divisions of such County or Riding, describing, in an Order to be

made by such Persons for such Purpose, for what Part of such County or Riding, each of such Sets of

Commissioners of Appeal shall respectively ad ; and in such Cafes it Hull be lawful for any Person acting

as a Commissioner of Appeal for one Part of such County or Riding, to ad 3s a Commissioner for the Pur-

poses of this Act in any other Part of such County or Riding, in which he fholl have no Jurisdiction as a

Commissioner of Appeal. then a C'ommhnoner ot Appeal may be a Commissioner under tins Ad in

If no Grand

fury shall have

been impan-

nelled in any

City, ftc. with-

in the Time

mentioned in

§ 11. the Sheriff

may summon

the acting Juf-

tices of the

Peace for such

City, fee. who

shall then felc&

the Commis-

sioners for the

fame.

If it shall appear

that one Set of

Commissioners

of Appeal can-

not perform the

Duty for the

whole County

or Riding, two

or more Sets

may be named

to act for several

Divisions; and

another Division.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it fh.iil be lawful for the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Commissioners

Ad, and also for the Commissioners appointed for hearing and determining Appeals under this Act, and they

arc hereby respectively authorized and empowered, in any Matter before them concerning the Execution of peaUnay exa-

this Act, to examine any Person or Persons willing to be examined in such 'Matter, and to administer an mine on Oath

Oath or fblemn Affirmation to such Person or Persons, according to the Directions of this Act, and also to any Person*

rrceiveany Affidavit or Deposition in Writing upon Oath or Affirmation, which shall be made in such willing to be

Manner as by the said first recited Act of the thirty-eighth Year be fore-mentioned is required with respect ^ayreedv^

so Affidavits or Depositions taken under the Authority of that Ad, and ailo any Affidavit or Deposition Affidavits and

in Writing upon Oath or Affirmation, which shall be made in any Paits beyond the Seas, before any Depositions in

Magi ft rate of the Country, Territory, or Place, where the Person making such Oath or Affirmation shall Writing, in any

also reside, and which shall be certified and transmitted to the said respective Commissioners under the Hand Matter before

and Seal of such Magistrate; provided that in every Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation, there be expressed |n~7iie™xecu-

the Addition of the Party making the same, and the particular Place of his or her Abode, and the fame be tion of this Act.

mettled an Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation, made in pursuance of this Act, Requires in such Affidavits, &c.

F z XXXII. And

1

-

a

