282

C. 12, 13. Anno 39* & 40° Georgii IU. A.D. 17159;

this Afl, the said AS passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and all the

Ulaufes, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Directions, and Regulations therein contained, as far as the

fame relate to ascertaining the average Price of Sugar in the Manner therein mentioned, or of regulating

the Allowance of Drawback, or the Payment of t&e Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, shall be, and

the fame are hereby revived, and shall be and remain in full Force during the* Continuance of this Act, ex-

cept as any such Provisions, Directions, or Regulations are herein altered, in as full and ample a Manner, to

all Intents and Purpose§ whatsoever, as if all the said Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, and Directions,

were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act; any Thing in, the said Act of the last Session

of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and until the fifth Day of

January one thousand eight hundred, the Whole of the Drawbacks and Bounty paid or payable on the Ex-

portation of Sugar, directed to be withheld by the said Acts of the thirty-sixth and thirty-ninth Years of

his present Majesty’s Reign, shall be paid and allowed in like Manner, in every Refpeci, and subject to

and under, and according jto the like Rules and Regulations, as any Drawbacks or Bounties were paid or

allowed before the passing of the A & of the last Session of Parliament; and during all such 1 ime as

aforesaid, the Whole of the Duty imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament upon Sugar imported

into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and ware-

housed according to Law, and sold at the Sales of the said Company, IbalT, as to all such Sugar as shall

be exported during the Time last aforesaid, be, and the fame is hereby wholly discontinued ; any Thing

contained in the said Act of the last Session of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

by the East India Company, and warehoused, shall be discontinued.

If on Jan-s, and IV. And be it further enacted, That if, on the fifth Day of January and the fifth Day of Abril one thou-

April 5,1 goo, fancj e;ght hundred, it shall appear by Notice in The London Gaxette, in Manner directed in the said Act of

S3: the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, that the average Prices of Brown or Mujcovada

Su^ar, taken as Sugar, taken in the Manner directed by the said Act made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty for the six Weeks preceding, shall not have exceeded seventy Shillings for an hundred

Weight, inclusive of the Duties of Customs paid or payable thereon on the Importation into Great Britain,

then and in every such Cafe the Whole of the Drawbacks and Bounty, paid or payable on the Exportation

of Sugar, direCIed to be withheld by the said Act of the thirty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign and

by the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, shall be paid and allowed in like Manner, in every Re-

spect, and subject to and under and according to the like Rules and Regulations, as any Drawbacks and

Bounties were paid and allowed before the passing of the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, by any

Act or Acts of Parliament, except as any such Rules or Regulations are altered by this, Act; and the Whole

of the Duty imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, upon Sugar imported into Great Britain

by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies and warehoused according to

Law, and sold at the Sales of the said Company, shall, upon the Delivery thereof out of the Warehouses for

Exportation during the Time of any Drawbacks’or Bounties being paid or allowed under this Act, Be and-

the fame are hereby wholly discontinued ; any Thing in the said AClof the last Session of Parliament con-

ed Hi nil be dif- tained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

continued on Delivery of he Sugar for Exportation.

Continuance of V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall, as to all the Matters and Things herein contained it—

Att,as to Draw* |ating to the paying and allowing any Drawback or Bounty, or discontinuing any Duty under this AChbave-

OT d^fcominui'ns Continuance until, the fifth. Day of May one thousand eight hundred. -

Duty*

CAP. XIIL

the avenge

Price of Sugar,

or regulating

the Drawback

and Bounty on

Exportation of

Sugar revived.

Until Jan. 5,

1 Soo, the Draw-

backs and

Bounty on Su-

gar directed to

be withheld by

tl,e recited Acts

of 36 and 39

Geo. 3. shall be

allowed; and

the Duty im-

posed by the

said Act of

39 Geo. 3. on

Sugar -imported

directed by

39 Geo.3. c. 43.

shall not have

exceeded 70s.

ptr cwt. the

Drawbacks and

Bounty With-

held by

36 Geo. 3. and

39 Geo. 3. shall

be paid, and the

,said Duties on

Sugar imported

by the East In-

dia Company

and warehous-

[&< c. ioi.J

35Geo.3.c.x*7

3 7 Geo. 3 c*27>

and

39 Cco. 3. c.n,

Mated.

Feifons rrayap-.

ply to the Com.

vulfioDtr* to

An Act for allowing further Time for the Payment of Instalments on certain Sums of*

Money advanced by way of Loan to several Persons connected with and trading to the:

%Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent. [12th 0Bober 1799.3

Purposes

4 Act to certain Commissioners therein named to a large Amount, anc! were by them advanced to certain

4 Persons conne&cd with and trading to the Islands or Grenada and Saint Vinceni, on certain Terms and

4 Conditions : And whereas an Act was passed in the thirty-seventh Year of his Majesty*s Reign, for al-

4 lowing ! urther Time for the Payment of Instalments to become due on certain Sums advanced by way of

4 Loan, pursuant to the said Act; and for grafting further Relief to Persons connected with and trading to

1 the said Islands: And whereas an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament for allowing further

4 Time for the Payment of Instalments to become due on the said Loans : And whereas Circumstances

4 ha ve occurred which render it expedient to continue the Powers of the said A£s, and further to extend the

4 Time for the Repayment of a certain Proportion,of.the Instalments on the said Loans of Exchequer Bills*

4 upon the Terms and Conditions herein-after speqificdbe it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal; and Commons, in this

present Parliament act’embled, and by the Authority of the same. That it shall and may belawful to and for

any Person or Persons to whom any such Relief shall have been granted under the said recited Acts, his, her, or

their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and who respediyclyihall be desirous of enlarging or extending

*3 the

