504 C.lx—lxiv. Anno 39* & 40* Georgii III. A.D. 1800,

1

No Chaplain,

&c, to •fftciate,

ice. unless he be

of the Church

of England, and

ordained a

Prielt, and duly

licensed.

Orphans or

hiiei Servants in

the Asylum not

to gain a Set-

tlement thereby.

Person* making

false Certifi-

cates! &c.

to bepunishable

by Imprifrn-

xnene.

4 Benefit and Advantage to the Public, as being a Means (by an Increase from Time to Time of the Funds

4 of the said Charity) of adding to the Number of Objects to be received therein, and to derive Benefit

4 therefrom ; but as the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament may

it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enabled, and be it enacted,&V,

44 Corporation instituted for the Purposes of this A& by the Name of the President, Vice Presidents,

44 Treasurer, and Guardians of The Asylum, for the Reception of Orphan Girls, the Settlements of

44 whose Parents cannot be found. $ j

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who is or shall

hereafter beele&ed or appointed Chaplain, or Morning or Evening or other Preacher to, or who is or shall

be elected or appointed to officiate as a Clergyman for or on Behalf of the said Asylum, shall in any Manner

officiate in the Chapel thereunto belonging, or elsewhere within the same, unless such Clergyman shall be of

the Church of England, and shall have been ordained a Pried, nor until he shall have been duly licensed by

the Bishop of the Diocese within which the said Chapel shall for the Time being be situate 5 or, in case the

See shall be vacant, by the Archbishop of the Province.

XIII. And be it further enacted. That no Person who shall be admitted into the said Asylum as an Or-

phan Girl, or who shall be employed in the said A/ylum as an hired Servant, shall, by Reason of such Ad-

mittance or Service, gain a Settlement in the Parish in which the said Asylum is or shall be situate.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons who shall

make and subscribe any Certificate or Declaration which the Committee of the said Corporation for the

Time being, or any three or more of them present at any of their Weekly or other Meetings shall or may

require to be made and subscribed, previous to and for the Purpose of the Admission of any Orphan Girl

into the said Asylum, according to the Rules of the said Charity, shall, in and by any such Certificate or De-

claration, knowingly and wilfully certify or declare any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue;

every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be committed to the Common Gaol

orHouse of Correction for th^ County, City, Borough, Town, or Place where any such Offender shall be

so convicted, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time nos exceeding two Years, Qor

less than (lx Calendar Months, in Lhe Discretion of the Court before whom any such Offender shall be so

convicted.

Cap. lxi.

An Act for repealing two Acts, one made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Se-

cond, and the other in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road

from the Half-way House, in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorset, through the Towns

of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and Chard, to the East End of the Town of Axminster, in the County of Dev:n>

and several other Roads therein mentioned ; and also, for repealing so much of an Act, made in the eigh-

teenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of

Taunton, in the County of Somerset, as relates to repairing the Road from the Direction Port in IVidcombt

Moor, through Street Ash Lane, to Chard, and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes,

and for altering and diverting certain Parts of the said Roads. [20th jfune 1800.]

[26 Geo. II. Cap. 69 ; 17 Geo. III. Cap. 89. and Part of 18 Geo. III. Cab. 97. repealed. This Act to con-

tinue for twenty-one Years, iAc. from the Tuesday fortnight after the parting thereof.]

Cap. lxii.

An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending an Act, passed in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Eljdon high Cross, near the Town of Elfdon, in the Coun-

ty of Northumberland, to the Red Swyre, upon the Mid border betwixt England and Scotland.

[201b June 1800.]

[16 Geo. III. Cap. 83. revived, and continued for twenty-one Years, &r.]

Cap. lxiii.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an At, passed in the twenty-first Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Port of Borroivjiour,-

vefs, by the Weft of the Borough of Linlithgow, and by the Towns of Torpichen, Bathgate, and While-

burn, and from thence Southward to the Confines of the County of Linlithgow, at or near Hollhoufburn.

[20th 'June 1S00.]

[21 Geo* III. Cap. 79. continued, ^nd this Act to endure for 21 Years, &c. from the Expiration of the for-

mer Term.J v

Cap. lxiv.

An Act to continue for twenty one Years and from thence to the End of the then next Sessionof Parliament,

|V.Geo.2 C.5T; the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of

iSGco.3. c.86.J his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

for repairing and widening.the Road from the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Lhrj-

ter, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport in the County of Salop, and several other Roads therein

mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from Newport aforesaid to the Village or

Place called IVelJh Harp, in the Township of Stonnall^ in the County of Stafford, being the third District

of the said Roads. [20th June 1800 ]

9 Cip.

