34

C. 13<

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A. D. 1799.

add new Names

to the Lifts*

Commissioners

and Commis-

sioners of Ap-

peals to take

the following

Oath,

addition*!

Oath,c.^%, $8.]

Appeals, as the Cafe may require, as and when any such Vacancy shall happen ; and when any such

Commissioner appointed to act for any City, Borough, Town, o* Place shall die, or refuse or decline to

aft as aforesaid, then and in every such Cafe the Place of the Commissioner so dying, or refusing or de-

clining toadl, shall be filled up in such Manner, and by the fame Persons, as the said Commissioner was

appointed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person to be appointed a Commissioner for the Purposes

of this Act, and every Person appointed to hear and determine Appeals, before he shall begin to act

therein (except in administering the Oath herein-after expressed) shall take the following Oath; (that

is to say,)

4 t A. B. do swear. That I will truly, faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the bed of my

4 * Skill and Knowledge, execute the several Powers and Authorities veiled in me by an Act of the

4 Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here set forth the

4 Title of this Afi^,; and tlut I will exercise the Powers entrusted to me by the said Act, in such Marnier

4 only as shall appear to me necessary for the due Execution of the fame; and that I will judge and dettr-

4 mine upon all Matters and 'Things which shall be brought before me under the said Act, without Favour,

4 Afteftion, or Malice; and that I will not disclose any Particular contained in any Schedule of Income,

4 or any Evidence or Answer given by any Person who shall be examined or make Affidavit respecting the

4 fame, except in such Cafes and to such Persons only where it shall be necessary to disclose the fame for

4 the Purposes of this Act, or in order to, or in the Course of, a Prosecution for Perjury committed in fucti

4 Examination or Affidavit.

4 So help me GOD.*

Which Oath any one of the respective Commissioners appointed for the Purposes of this Act, or to hear and

determine Appeals under the fame, is hereby authorized to administer; and which Oath so taken shall be

subscribed by the Party taking the fame; and the Names of all Persons so subscribing shall, within one

Month afterwards, be transmitted to the Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes ; and if any

Person shall act as a Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act, or as a Commissioner for hearing and de-

termining Appeals, before he shall have taken the Oath herein-mentioned, (except in administering the

fame,) he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered as

any Penalty may be recovered by the said first recited Act.

to be admini-

ftcred by any

Commissioner,

and subscribed

by the Party

{Wearing, and

their Names re*

turned to the

Tax Office.

Penalty on a&-

ing as a Commissioner, without taking the Oath, tool.

.Qualification of

Cpmmiffi oners

for Counties at

large, Sec.

lo,ooool. Per-

fonal Estate, or

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Com-

missioner for the Purposes of this Act, within or for any County at large. Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City,

Borough, Town, or Place in Great Britain, who shall not be possessed of a Perlonal Estate of the Value of

ten thousand Pounds, or who shall not be seised or possessed of an Estate of the like Nature, and of thrice

__________, __ the Value or more, as is or shall be required as the Qualification of a Commissioner to act in the Execution

thrice the Value of an Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled* An Act for granting

of the Qualifies. an i0 jjjs frjfefy by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear cm the: find

seven hundred and ninety eight, in such County at large. Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, Borough, 'Town,

cr Place ; or shall be the Heir Apparent of a Person (eifed or possessed of an Estate of the hke Nature, and

of Thrice the Value, or more, of the Estate of which a Person ought to be (filed or poifeiled in order to

qualify his Heir Appar nt to be a Commissioner to act in the Execution of the Eid Act; nor shall any

Person be capable of acting as a Commissioner for hearing and determining Appeals in pursuance of this

Act, in any County, Riding, Shire, or Stewartry, who (hull be a Commissioner for the Purposes of th;s

Act; nor unless such Person shall in like Manner be possessed of a Personal Estate of the Value ot twenty

thousand Pounds, or be seised or possessed of an Estate of the like Nature, and of tw ee the Value, or more,

as is required by this Act, for a Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act as aforesaid, or shall be ilcir

Apparent of some Person who shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of twice

the Value, or more, of the Estate of which a Person ought to be leifed or poifeiled m order to qualify his Heir

Apparent to be a Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act.

Commissioners of Appeals to be twice the Value of that required for Commissioners. x

Qualification of

Commissioners

m Cities (being

Counties )300ol.

Personal Estate,

or three fifths

of the Qualifi-

cation for a

County at large;

in the Inns of

Court, Scc.

3000I., or a

Qualification for

a Borough, Sec.

In such Cities

tfee Adagiftratqp,

tion required for

a Commissioner

of Land Tax.

[&e the fuceced-

htg Section; and

further as to

Qualifications,

e. n. $3 *>9.]

No Commis-

fioner shall be

capable of being

a Commissioner

of Appeals.

Qualification of

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Com-

miffior.er for the Purposes of this Act, within or for any City, Borough, Town, or Place, being rtfpec-

tively a County of itself, who shall not be possessed of a Personal Estate of the Value of three thousand

Pounds, or be seised or possessed of an Estate of the like Nature and of three fifths of the Value, as is

required by this Act for a Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act, within a County at large; nor

within any of the Inns of Court, Inns of Chancery, or Liberty of the Rolls, who shall not be possessed

of a Personal Estate of the Value of three thousand Pounds, or be leifed or possessed of an Estate of the like

Nature and Value as is required by this Act for a Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act for" any

Borough, Town, or Place; and that within and for any such City, Town, or Place, being a County of

itself, the Magistrates and Justices of the said City, "Town, or Place, shall be summoned, together with

such Jurors as aforesaid, to act in the Selection and Nomination of the respective Commissioners to be ap-

pointed under this Act.

lie. (W1 be summontd with the Grand Jurors.

XXV. Fro-

git«ed by

