340

38 Geo. 3. c. 76.

On Return of

^ny Vessel from

the Greenland

and Davis’s

Streights, the

Blubber may be

boiled into Oil,

and admitted to

Entry ;

as may Blubber

imported in any

Vessel employed

in the said Fish-

ery since June

28, J798.

From May ij,

180c,the Duty

imposed byre-

cited Adfc on

Opium re-

pealed, except

Arrears ;

and in ft cad

thereof 3I. for

evuy 100I. in

Value of Opi-

um imported

thill be paid.

The Value of

Opium jo be

ascertained, and

the Duty to be

Dvied, a^> di-

r.cte- by rc-

C. 50,51. Anno 390 & 40* Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

tute in force and Effect on Rogues and Vagabonds; and in case any Person or Persons being so con-

victed shall again offend against any of the Provisions of this Act, such Person or Persons shall be deemed

and taken to be an incorrigible Rogue, aoci shall suffer such Pains and Punishments as by any Law or Sta-

tute in Force and Effect are directed to be inflicted on incorrigible Rogues.

CAP. LI.

An Act to permit Blubber from the Greenland Fishery and Davis's Streights to be boiled

into Oil after the Arrival of the Ships from the Fishery, and for charging the Duty

thereon 5 for altering the Convoy Duty now payable on the Importation of Opium;

for repealing the Duties on the Importation of Oil of Turpentine and Tar, and

charging other Duties in lieu thereof; for exempting Burr Stones, and Stones used for

the Purpose of paving or the making or mending of Roads, from the Duties charged

thereon when carried Coastwise; for obliging Masters of Ships laden with Tobacco to

remove the fame from their Moorings when their Cargoes are discharged; and for ex-

tending Bonds given on licensing Ships, Vessels, or Boats, to all Cafes wherein Ships,

Vessels, or Boats may be liable to Forfeiture. [20th June 1800.]

4 T X WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

4 V V An slcl for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional

4 Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of certain Ships entering outwards or

4 inwards to or from foreign Parts, until the signing the Preliminary Articles of Peace; amongst other

4 Things a Duty of Sixteen Shillings and ten-pence per Ton is imposed on the Importation of Oil or

4 Blubber : And whereas it is the Practice on board Ships or Vessels employed in the Southern Whale

4 Fishery to boil the Blubber (being the Produce of Whales and other Creatures caught and taken in the

4 said Fishery) during the Voyage, and to import the Oil only into Great Britain, which Practice is not

4 observed on board Snips or Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery ; in consequence whereof

4 the Importers of Blubber in the said last mentioned Fishery are liable to pay as much Duty for the Blub-

* ber as the Importers pay for the Oil in the said first mentioned Fishery ; and it is therefore expedient that

4 the Blubber (beine the Produce of Whales and other Creatures living in the Sea, caught and taken in

4 the said Fishery) mould be permitted to be boiled into Oil, and afterwards to pay Duty accordingly;* be

it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Gonfent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same. That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful, upon the

Return of any Ship or Vessel from the Greenland Seas or Davis's Streights, with any Blubber, being the

Produce of Whales or other Creatures living in the Seas, caught and taken in the said Fishery, to boil

such Blubber, under the Care and Inspection of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, into

Oil, and afterwards such Oil shall be admitted to Entry, and the Duties thereon paid, according to the

Laws now in force 3 any Act or Acts of Parliament, or Custom or Usage, to the contrary in any wise not*

withstanding.

II. And be it further enacted. That in case any Blubber has been imported into Great Britain in any

Ship or Vessel employed in the said Fishery flnee the twenty-eighth Day of June one thousand seven hun-

dred and ninety-eight, and such Blubber has afterwards been boiled into Oil, such Oil shall be admitted to

Entry, and shall be charged with Duty agreeably to the Regulations and Directions of this Act.

III. 4 And whereas by the said A ft passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*

4 amongst other Things,a Duty of one Shilling and two-pence Halfpenny the Pound Weight is imposed on

4 the Importation of Opium : And whereas it is expedient to repeal the said Duty on Opium, and to im-

4 pose in lieu thereof a Duty of three Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of

4 such Opium imported •’ be it therefore enacted. That from and after the eleventh Day of May one thou-

sand eight hundred, the Duty imposed by the said recited Act on Opium imported into this Kingdom shall

be, and the fame is hereby repealed (save and except in all Cafes relating to the recovering or paying any

Arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture relating thereto, which

shall have been incurred at any 'Time before-the parting of this Act).

IV. And be it further enacted. That, from and after the eleventh Day of May one thousand eight hun-

dred, in lieu and instead of the said Duty hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto

his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in ready Money, without any Discount whatever, upon the Import-

ation of Opium into this Kingdom, a Duty of Customs of three Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of

the true and rest Value of such Opium so imported.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Value of such Opium so imported shall be ascertained by such

Rules and Re gulations, and shall be subject and liable to such and the like Conditions, Restrictions, For-

feitures, and Fenaitics, as are prescribed, directed, and imposed by the said recited Act, in the Cafe of Goods

imported, into this Kingdom, and thereby subject to Duty according to the Value thereof; and that the

Duties by inis Act imposed shall be managed, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, recovered,

appro-

C.ooooie

