A.D. i8oor

460

glebing Entries

not exceeding

10L and for

other Offences

from 40s. to

leL

Limiting the

Time of prose-

cuting by In-

formation, 12

Months,

information to

be made before

a Justice near

the Place.

Churchwar-

dens, See. to

prosecute, Sec,

t

£orm<sted Per-

son*, Sec. not tQ

prosecute or in-

form against any

Person, Scc.

Act not to ex-

tend to Persons

lending Money

at 5I. per Cent,

without further

Profit.

The Act to ex-

tend to Execu-

tors, See. of

Pawnbrokers.

General Issue.

Double Costs.

Inhabitants of

any Place

where Offences

committed

deemed compe-

tent Witnessfts*

Form of Con*

vi&ioiu

C. 99. Anno 390 & 40* Georgii III.

to the Justice or Justices before and by whom any Information thereon shall be heard and determined in his

or their Discretion shall seem reasonable and fit* not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds, and for every other

Offence against this Act, where no Forfeiture or Penalty is provided or imposed on any particular orfpe-

citie Offence against any Part of this Act, not less than forty Shillings nor more than ten rounds; and that

all Forfeitures incurred by any Offence committed against this Act, shall and may be levied by Distress and

Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender'pr Offenders, by Warrant undeFthe Hand and Seal or Hands

and Seals of any Justiceor Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Divilion, City, Liberty, Town,

or Place where the Offence shall be committed ; and the Justices shall award one Moiety of the said Penal-

ties to the Parties complaining, and the Remainder of the aforesaid Penalty or Penalties not otherwise dif-

posed of and applied by this Act, is to be paid and applied to and for the Uie of the Poor of the Parish or

Place where the Offence shall have been committed, and shall be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of such

Parish or Place for that Purpose.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Person or Persons using or exercising the

Trade or Bufinefsof a Pawnbroker, shall be subjedtor liable to any Prosecution or Information before any

Justice or Justices of the Peace by virtue of this Act, for any Offence or Offerees against this Act, unless

Information shall be given of such Offence or Offences within twelve Calendar Montns next after the Of-

fence or Offences committed ; and that all and every such Information and Informations shall be given and

Frofecuted before such Justice or Justices of the Peace as shall act as such Justice or Justices near to the

lace where such Offence or Offences (1)all have been committed, unless the fame shall have been commitud

within the City or Liberties of London.

XX VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Paridi

or Place where any Offence shall be supposed to have been committed by any Pawnbroker against this Act,

or some or one of such Officers, at the Discretion or Direction of any Justices of the Peace, on having No-

tice from such Justice of the Peace of such Offence being supposed to have been committed, shall, and they

or some or one of them, to be nominated by such Justice as aforesaid, are and is hereby required to prosecute'

every Offender for every Offence so to be suggested by such Justice to have been committed against this A St,

at the Expence of the respective Parish whereof they or he are, is, or shall be for the Time being such Officers

or Officer.

XXIX.* And be it further enacted. That no Person who has been convicted of any Fraud, or of obtain-

ing Money under false Pretences, or of any Felony whatsoever, shall be allowed to prosecute or informs

against any Person or Persons, for any Offence or Offences committed against this Adh

XXX. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

any Person or Persons whomsoever who shall lend Money to any Person or Persons whomsoever upon Pawn

or Pledge, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum Interest, without taking any further or greater

Profit for the Loan or Forbearance of such Money lent, on any Pretence whatsoever.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions, Regulations, and Clauses con-

tained in this present A£1, shall, from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament, extend to and

include the Executor^, Administrators, and Assigns of all and every deceased Pawnbroker, in the fame

Manner as the fame extend to and include the Pawnbroker when living, save and except that no such Execu-

for or Administrator of any such deceased Pawnbroker shall be answerable for any Penalty or Forfeiture

personally, or to be paid out of his, her, or their own Monies or Estate, unless the fame shall be incurred and

forfeited by his, her, or their own Act or Neglect.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued,

molested, or prosecuted for any Thing by him, her, or them done or executed in pursuance of this Adf, or of

any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and

give the Special Matter in Evidence for his, her, or their Defence ; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall

pafsfor the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such De-

fendant or Defendants *shall have double Costs awarded to him, her, or them against such Plaintiff or

Plaintiffs.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Actions, Suits, Informations, Trials, and

other Proceedings in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to any Matter or Thing herein contained, any In-

habitant of the Parish, Town, or Place in which any Offence or Offences shall be committed contrary to

the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be admitted to give Evidence, and shall be deemed a com-

petent Witness, notwithstanding his or her being an Inhabitant of the Parish, Town, or Place wherein

any such Offence or Offences shall be supposed to have been committed.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Ju It ice or Justices before whom any Person shall becon-

vidted in Manner prescribed by this Act, shall cause such respective Conviction to be drawn up in the Form

or to the Efte£t following ; (that is to fayj,

C I BE lt rcmem^ere^9 That on this Day of in the Year of his Majesty’s

1 to wit. J Reign, A. B, is convicted before of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for

4 the said County of [or, for the Riding or Divifionof the said-County of or, for

€ the City, Liberty, or Town of as tfSe CafeJhali happen to be] for and the said

4 do adjudge him [or, her] to pay and forfeit for the fame the Sum of Given under

f the Day and Year aforesaid/

And

