A.D. 1800

Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 98, 99. 451

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act to restrain all Trusts and Directions in Deeds or Wills, whereby the Profits or

Produce of Real or Personal Estate shall be accumulated, and the beneficial Enjoy-

ment thereof postponed beyond the Time therein limited. [28th July 1800.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that all Dispositions of Real or Personal Estates, whereby the Profits and

Produce thereof are directed [to be accumulated, and the beneficial Enjoyment thereof is

4 postponed, (houkf be made subject to the Restrictions herein-after containedMay it therefore please

your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament auem-

bled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons shall, after the passing of this Act, by o/wii/*-

any Deed or Deeds^Surrender or Surrenders* Will, Codicil, or otherwise howsoever, settle or dispose of any &c fcttj0

Real or Personal Property, so and in such Manner that the Rents, Issues, Profits, or Produce thereof, shall be or dispose of

wholly or partially accumulated; for any longer T erm than the Life or Lives of any such Grantor or Grantors, any Real or

Settler or Settlers; or the Term of twenty-one Years from the Death of any such Grantor, Settler, De- i^rfonai Pro-

visor, or Testator; or during the Minority or respective Minorities of any Person or Persons who shall be ^amCtr^that*

living, or in Ventre fa Mere at the Time of the Death of such Grantor, Devisor, or Testator 5 or during the the^enrscr

Minority or respective Minorities only of any Person or Persons who, under the Uses or Trusts of the pioduceiha ibe

Deed, Surrender, Will, or other Assurances, directing such Accumulations, would, for the Time being, accumulated

if of full Age, be entitled unto the Rents, Issues, and Profits, or the Interest, Dividends, or annual Pfoduce for a longer

so directed to be accumulated: and in every Cafe where any Accumulation shall be directed otherwise than W

as aforesaid, such Direction shall be null and void, and the Kents, Issues, Profits, and Produce of such Pro- settler; \r 21

perty so directed to be accumulated, shall, so long as the fame shall be directed to be accumulated contrary Years after his

to the Provisions of this Act, go to and be received by such Person or Persons as would have been entitled , Decease; ordur-

thereto if such Accumulation had not been directed. *ns thre Mino~

rity of any

Party living at his Decease $ cr the Minorities of Persons beneficially entitled. Any other Direction shall be void, end the'Renti, See. go to the Persons

entitled thereto.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to any Nothing herein

Provision for Payment of Debts of any Grantor, Settler, or Devisor, or other Person or Persons, or to any to extend to

Provision for railing Portions for any Child or Children of any Grantor, Settler, or Devisor, or any Child ^///on^0tn0f

or Children of any Person taking any Interest under any such Conveyance, Settlement, or Devise, or to any Debts or for

Diredlton touching the Produce of Timber or Wood upon any Lands or Tenements; but that all such Pro- raising Portions

visions and Directions shall and may be made and given as if this Act had not passed. for Children, or

touching she Produce of Timbwr ;

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to any Disposition nor.t.° an? Jif-

respecting Heretable Property within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. ^ubl°enpro-C*

perty in Scotland*

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Restrictions in this Act contained shall take effect and Reftriaions

be in force with respect to Wills and Testaments made and executed before the passing of this Act, in such

Cafes only where the Devisor or Testator shall be living, and of found and disposing Mind, after the Ex- wiUsmade be-

piration of twelve Calendar Months from the passing of this Act. fore the pairing

of this A O, only where the Testator shall live, Sec. la Months after passing tills Act

CAP. XCIX.

An Act for better regulating the Business of Pawnbrokers. [28th July 1800.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the thirty-sixth Year* of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled* 36 Geo. 3. c. 87.

VV An Act for regulating the Trade or Bufmfs of Pawnbrokers, which was to be in force for three tinned ttll 1^0°*

whole Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer: And £nd 0fthis

4 whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for more effectually regulating the Trade ;Or Bufi- Stffiononiy.

4 nefs of Pawnbrokers, from the Time when the said Act will expire May it therefore please your Ma-

jesty that it may_ be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-

sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act passed in the thirty-fixih Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, for regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers* shall be, and the fame is

hereby declared to be in full force and effect until the Expiration of the present Session of Parliament,

and from and after such Expiration this Act shall commence and take effect, and be put in Execution, in-

ilead of the said recited Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That upon and from the Commencement of this Act, it shall be lawful for Pawnbrokers

all Persons uiir.g and exercising the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker, to demand, receive, and take of

and from all ahd every Perfun and Persons applying or offering to redeem any Goods or Chattels pawned or 1 acSi

pledged with such Pawnbroker, a Profit, after the following Rates, over and above the principal Sum and

3 M a < Sums

