58 C. 14. Anno tricesimo nono Georg 11 III. A.D. 1799.

34 ow

'«• Jf. ao4

3B Geo. 3.

c. 27* recited*

Persons enrol-

led in any Vo-

lunteer Corps,

raised under the

Acts of the 34 th

and 37th of his

present Ma-

jrlty, shall not,

on certnin Con-

ditions, be lia-

ble to serve or

provide a Sub-

ftiture in the

Supplementary

Militia.

1

4 passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An At1 for encouraging and

4 disciplining such Corps or Companies of Men as shall voluntarily enrol themjehes for the Defence of their Coun-

4 ties. Towns. or Coajls, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom» during the present War, and who should

4 have been duly enrolled in such Corps on or before the twentieth Day or October one thousand seven hun-

4 dred and ninety-six, are exempted from being liable to serve personally, or to provide a Substitute, in the

4 said Supplementary Militia to be raised by virtue of the said first-recitea Act: And whereas it will be con-

4 ducive to the further Security and Defence of these Kingdoms, that the said Exemption should, under cer-

4 tain Conditions, be extended to all Volunteers raised, or to be raised, under the said last-mentioned Act,

4 or under an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty more ef-

4 f'equally to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm during the present War \ and for indemnifying

4 Persons who may suffer in their Property, byJuch Measures as may be nccejfaryfor that rurpofeMay it

therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted. and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Ma-

jesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That in every Cafe where any Volunteer

Corps of Infantry or Cavalry, raised under the said Acts passed in the thirty-fourth and thirty-seventh Years

of^e Reign of his present Majesty, or under either of the said Acts, shall consent and agree, in Manner

herein-after mentioned, when called out, to place itself under the Command of any General Officer within

the Military District where such Corps maybe formed, to serve in any Part of the said Distridt in case of

actual Invasion, or of the actual Appearance of the Enemy on the* Coast, or of the Danger of Invasion

being so imminent as to make it adviseable for the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, or any of them, to

give Orders for the Removal of Cattle, Corn, or any other Articles which may be of Advantage to the

Enemy, or useful to the publick Service, in the Manner mentioned in the said last-mentioned Act, or shall

consent and agree, or shall have consented and agreed, to any other more extensive Conditions of* Service,

all and every the Persons enrolled, or to be enrolled, and serving in such Corps, shall be exempted from

being liable to serve personally, or to provide a Substitute to serve, in the said Supplementary Militia,

Consent of the

Corpito the

Conditions to

be certified by

the Command-

ing Officer, and

added to the

Muster RoU,

and t ran (rxiined

to the County

Lieutenant,

and the Consent

of Persons here-

after enrolled to

be signified to the

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Consent of any such Corps of Volunteers to

the Terms and Conditions of Service herein-before mentioned, or to any other more extenlive Conditions of

Service, shall be certified under the Hand of the Commanding Officer thereof, and that such Certificate

shall be added to the Muster Roll herein-after mentioned, and shall, together with such M ufler Roll, be trans-

mitted by such Commanding Officer to the Lieutenant of the County or Place where such Corps shall be

raised 3 and that the Consent of each Person hereafter to be enrolled in such Corps to the Terms and Condi-

tions of Service so agreed to by such Corps, shall be signified jo the Commanding Officer thereof, under the

Hand of every such Person respectively, at the Time of his Enrolment in such Corps ; and that such Con-

sent shall thereupon, in every such Cafe, be certified by such Commanding Officer, together with the Re-

turn of the Enrolment of such Person, to the Lieutenant of the County or Place where such Corps shall be

raised, or to such Person as may be appointed by such Lieutenant to receive such Certificates.

Commanding Officer, &c. 9

The Names of

Volunteers now

enrolled to be

entered on a

Muster RoU,

and transmitted

to the County

Lieutenant by

Feb. 10, >799 j

and monthly

Returns of Per-

font enrolled

after the pa (Ting

of thisAg, to be

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Names of all such Volunteers, now enrolled and

serving in any such Corps, shall be entered oft a Muster Roll, a Copy of which shall be transmitted to the

Lieutenant of the County on or before the tenth Day of February next, signed by the Commanding Officer

of the Corps or Company to which such Volunteer shall belong; and that monthly Returns, specilying the

Enrolment of all such Persons as may after the passing of this Act be enrolled in any such Corps, shall be,

in like Manner, transmitted by the Commanding Officer thereof to such Lieutenant, or to some Person ap-

pointed by him to receive the same ; and that all such Muster Rolls and Returns (hill be certified by such

Lieutenant, or other Person as aforesaid, to the Clerk of the General Meetings of the Lieutenancy, within

ten Days after they shall have been so transmitted ; and the said Clerk of the General Meeting is hereby

required forthwith to transmit Copies thereof to the several Subdivision Meetings holden for the Purpose of

hearing Appeals against the Militia Lift returned from eachParish.

transmitted, in like Maimer, and certified by the Lieutenant to the Clerk of the General Meeting, who shall fend Copies to the Subdivision Meetings

lor hearing Appeals.

Muster Rolls to

be transmitted

yearly to the

County Lieute-

nants, and cer-

tified by them

to the Clerks of

the General t

Mcetin/s, and

the Command-

ing Officer to

annex a Certifi-

cate that the

Pci font inserted

in the Roll have

duly attended

hxcmlc.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That fresh Muster Rolls shall, in the present and every

future Year, be transmitted in the like Manner to the Lieutenant of the County, or other Person autho-

rized as aforesaid to receive the same, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of December, and shall becerti-

fied by him to the Clerk of the General Meeting thereof by the fifth Day of January following, in the Man-

ner and for the Purposes herein-before mentioned ; and that the Commanding Officer so transmitting the

fame shall annex thereto a Certificate signed by himself, certifying that he has not, to the best of his Know-

ledge and Belief, inserted in the said Muster Roll the Name of any Person who has not, since the Date of the

passing of this Act, (or since the Date of his Enrolment, if the fame shall have been posterior to the patting

of this Act,) duly attended at the Exercise of the Corps, unless prevented by Sickness, or by such other

sufficient Reason as shall have been duly allowed by the Commanding Officer; and no Person shall at any

Tune be entitled to claim such Exemption as aforesaid, unless his Name shall be found either on the last

Muster Rolls which shall have been so transmitted and certified as aforesaid, or on some monthly Return

which shall be posterior thereto#

V. And

