49° C.xlvii. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

V

tors, Administrators, and Assigns, (holdingiiich Shares in the said Stock as aforesaid,) shall have full Power

and Authority from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, to order and direct the making, com-

pleting, supporting, altering, amending, and continuing such one or more Bason or Basons, Dock or

Docks, with Quays and Wharfs adjoining and appertaining thereto respectively $ and also all such Docks,

Slips, Sluices, Culverts, Drains, Bridges, Roads, Streets, tyid Communications with or into the River

Thames; and also the building of proper Piers in the said River for the Entrance of Ships into or out of the

Dock or Docks, Bason or Batons, at or near The Hermitage Dock, also at or near the River Side between

Bell Dock and Wapping Old Stairs, also at or near Shadwell Dock* so that the said Piers do not project more

than thirty Feet from the present Bank of the River, and so as not to injure the Navigation of the said River;

and also the making such Coffer Dams, Batterdeaux, CaifTons, or other Devices, within the Tideway of

the River Thames, as they may think necessary and proper for keeping the W^ter from the said Lock or

Locks, Pier or Piers, or other Works, while the fame are building or repairing, and no longer; and also

the erecting and making such Buildings, Steam Engines, or other Machines, Works, Requisites, Matters,

and Things, within the Limits herein-after mentioned, as they shall think proper, to artfwer the intent and

' Meaning of this Act; and shall, for those Purposes, be a Joint Stock Company, by the Name and Defcrip-

tion of The London Dock Company.

“ Sums subscribed and paid, to be a Common Stock; to be deemed PerfoRal Estate. § 2. Proprietors

44 empowered to fell and transfer their Stock. § 3. No Persons answerable beyond Amount of their respec-

44 tive Stock. § 4. Stock not to be liable to Attachment according to Custom of the City of London.

44 $ 5. Instalments entitled to Interest not exceeding 5 per Cent. § 6. Company to make Dividends on

44 Stock. $ 7. No Dividends to exceed the Profits accrued, nor to exceed 10 per Cent. The Surplus to

44 be applied in Improvements,^. or lowering the Rates of Tonnage. § 3. Qualification of Voters at

44 General Meetings, viz. 500l. and under 1000l. one Vote—1000l. and under 50O0/. two Votes—5000l.

44 and under 10,000l. three Votes—10,000l. and upwards, four Votes, (in other Refoeds as under

44 $52 of 39 Geo. III. Cap. Ixix.) §9. Two General Courts to be held yearly. §10. Qualification to

44 vote by twelve Months* Possession of Stock, (after twelve Months from parting the Ad,) of which Oath

4C to be made at every Ballot. §11. Oath. The Company may increase their Stock, so as not in the

44 Whole to exceed i,aoo,coo/. (See § 22.) $ 12. Directors empowered to audit Accounts of Receivers;

iC and to make Calls on Proprietors, not exceeding 10/. per Cent. Limitation of Periods of such Calls (two

44 Months). Persons neglecting to comply with such Calls, to forfeit five per Cent, and may be sued for

44 their respective Shares by the Company; and if so neglecting for two Calendar Months, may be either so

44 sued, or at the Option of the Directors shall forfeit all their Share and Interest in the said Undertaking in

44 favour of the Rest of the Proprietors. $ 13. No Advantage to be taken of any Forfeiture until Notice ;

44 nor unless fame be declared forfeited at a General Meeting. Persons forfeiting indemnified against

44 Actions subsequent thereto. § 14. Representatives of Proprietors before Call (no Provision being made

44 by Deceased for the fame) charged therewith as Debts; but on Refusal or Neglect to answer such Call,

44 Company empowered to admit other Persons as Proprietors in their Stead, on Repayment of all Monies

44 advanced by such deceased Proprietors. §15. First Meeting of the Company to be at the Merchants

41 Seamen’s Office, on publick Notice thereof in the Gazette, &V. Twenty-one must be prdent. Suble-

44 quent Meetings (except Adjournments of first Meeting) to be within the City of London, or the Liberty

44 of the Tower Hamlets. No Meeting held at less than fix Days* Notice, both Days ioclusive, §16.

u The Company may make Bye Laws, in their General Courts. § 17. Any nine Proprietors may re-*

44 quest extraordinary General Meetings to be called by Notice to the Clerk or Treasurer. § rS.”

Annual Ap- XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall, at their first or some subsequent Meeting,

pointment of within two Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, and in the like Manner annually afterwards, on

Chairman, De- the first WedneJday in the Month oijnly in every Year, nominate and appoint, by Ballot, twenty-four Ptr-

puty Chairman, fons, of and out of the Proprietors of the said Company, who shall be respectively possessed of at least one

and 34 Dirctt- thousand pounds of the Capital of the said Stock, to be Directors and Managers of the Concerns of the said

Lo*cnviivor^or Company for one Year, together with the Lord Mayor of the City of London for the Time being, who as

the Time Conservator of the River Thames shall be a Director of the said Company though not a Subscriber; which

biing. said Directors Qiall choose and elect from among themselvesa Chairman and Deputy Chairman, and who also

shall and may meet at such Places within the City of London, or the Parishes and Places within the Juril-

diction of his Majesty’s Tower Hamlets, and at such Time or Times, as the major Part of such Directors

so aftembkd, not being less than thirteen, shall deem convenient for carrying on the Purposes of this Act ;

and such Director or Directors dial 1 continue until the next annual Court, and until another or others shall

be chofcnin his or their Steads, unless any such Director or Directors respectively shall die, be removed, or

dispose of his or their Capital or Inrereft in the said Stock, so as to reduce the lame under the said Sum of

one thousand Pounds; in any of which Cafes it shall and may be lawful to and for the next General Meeting

of the said Company, ordinary or extraordinary, to nominate and appoint, by Ballot, a new or other Di-

rector, or new or other Directors, in the Room of such Director or Directors so dying, being removed,

or having disposed of his or their said Stock, for the Remainder of the said Year 3 and so from Time

to Time as Occasion may require.

44 If the Chairman or Deputy shall not attend, a Chairman shall be appointed for that Meeting. § 20. Five of

4‘ the Directors to be a Quorum at their Meetings. Questions to be decided bya Majority, or the Chairman’s

44 carting Vote. § 21. In Cafe the Capital of 1,200,000l. shall not be raised, or found sufficient, Company may

44 borrow a Sum not exceeding 300,000l. and may aifigu the Rates as a Security; and the Money so bor-

rowed

