Bounty upon,

Indian Corn*

A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo prime Georgii III. C. 10. 549

made pursuant to the Regulations of this Act, produce the Sum of seventy Shillings per Barrel, containing

onehundred and ninety-six Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, there shall be paid and allowed, upon every such

Barrel a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Barrel of such Flour so fold shall be less

than seventy Shillings, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity; and where any such Wheaten

Flour as aforesaid, being of the Quality of Fine Wheaten Flour, shall not, in such publick Sale by

Auction as aforesaid, produce the Sum of sixty-eight Shillings per Barrel as aforesaid, there shall be paid'

and allowed, upon every such Barrel, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Barrel

of such Flour so fold shall be less than sixty-eight Shillings, and so in Proportion for any greater or less

Quantity.

- XL And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Indian Corn or Maize, weighing four hun-

dred and eight Pounds Avoirdupoisprr Quarter, shall not, upon the first publick Sale thereof by Auction in

this Kingdom, made pursuant to the Regulations of this Act, produce the Sum of fifty-five Shillings ftr

Quarter, there shall be paid and allowed, upon every such Quarter, a Sum equal to the Sum by which the

actual Price of each Quarter of such Indian Corn or Maize lo fold shall be less than fifty-five Shillings: Pro-

vided always. That three hundred and sixty-four Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of Indian Meal shall be

deemed equal to one Quarter of Indian Corn or Maize.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Rice which shall be imported into this

Kingdom from America before the first Day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, shall not, upon

the hrft publick Sale thereof by Auction in this Kingdom, made pursuant to the Regulations of this Act, pro-

duce the Sum of thirty-five Shillings per Hundred Weight, there shall be paid and allowed, upon every

Hundred Weight of such Rice, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Hundred

Weight of Rice so fold shall be less than thirty-hve Shillings.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Rice imported into this Kingdom, in any

Ship which shall have cleared out from any Port in the East Indies before the first Day of September one

thousand eight hundred and one, shall not, upon the first publick Sale thereof by Auction in this Kingdom,

at the Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, made pursuant to

the Regulations of this Act, produce the Sum of thirty-five Shillings per Hundred Weight, there shall be

paid and allowed, upon every one Hundred Weight of such Rice, a Bounty equal to the Suin by

which the actual Price of each Hundred Weight of such Rice so fold shall be less than thirty-five

Shillings.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Bounty shall be paid or payable under this Act,on any American

Wheaten Flour, or any Rice, or Indian Corn or Meal, unless the fame shall be sold at publick Sale by Auc-

tion in this Kingdom, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, or at the Sales of the fa|d United Company

of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, within two Months after the Entry thereof at the

Port of Importation, unless longer Time shall, under particular Circumstances, be allowed by the Commis-

(toners of his Majesty’s Customs for England or Scotland respectively for the Time being, or any two or

more of them.

\ XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all American Wheaten Flour, or any Rice, or

Indian Corn or Maize, sold at any public Auction pursuant to the Directions of this Act, shall be exempt

from any Duty payable on Sales by Audtion.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Importer or Importers, or Person or Persons acting in his or

her Behalf, in the Importation oF any such Wheaten Flour and Rice respeefively, shall, within forty-two

Days after the Importation thereof, give or cause to be given. Notice by public Advertisement, fourteen

Days at the least previous to the Day of Sale of such Wheaten Hour and Rice respectively, specifyingthe

Time and Place of Sale, and the Quantity intended to be sold, and shall also give or cause to be given a fi-

milar Notice in Writing, fourteen Days at the lead previous to the Day of Sale of such Wheaten Flour

and Rice respectively, to the Commissioners of the Customs, if in London, or if not in London, to the Col-

lector and Comptroller of the Port into which the fame shall have been imported; and such Commis-

sioners, Collector, or Comptroller respectively, are hereby respectively reciuired to appoint some Officer

or other Person to attend such Sale, in order that such Officer or other rerlbn may certify to the said

Commissioners, or Collector and Comptroller, the Prices at which such Wheaten Flour and Rice re-

spectivefy shall be bond fide publicly fold, and the Quantities thereof, together with the State and Condi-

tion of the Whole, according to the Certificate of the Persons who shall be appointed to inspect the fame

under the Authority of this Act.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That before any Bounty shall be paid on any

Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Pease, Beans, Indian Corn, or any Meal, or any Wheaten Flour or Rice,

under the Regulations of this the Person or Persons claiming Bounty thereon shall make Proof on

Oath before the principal Officeis of the Customs at the Port of Importation, of the Day of the Sale of

such Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Indian Com, or Meal thereof, or of such Pease or Beans, and that the

Sale of such Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Pease, Beans, and Indian Corn and Maize, and Wheaten

Flour.and Rice respectively, was a fair and bond fide Sale, and that there was not any Fraud or Col-

lusion in the Sale of any such Articles respectively, for the Purposes of obtaining the Bounties

thereon.

XVIII. And be^it further enacted, That the Bounty by this Act granted upon Rice imported into this

Kingdom from the East Indies (half be paid to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to

the East Indies, for the Purpose of being paid over by the said Company to such Importer or Importeis of

such Rice, as shall be entitled thereto*

6 XIX. And

Bounty upon

Kice in.ported

from America.

Bounty upon

Rice imported

from the Eait

Indies.

No Bounty shall

be paid on

American

‘Wheaten

Flour, Sec, un-

less fold within

a limited Time*

American

Wheaten

Flour, Sec,

exempt from

Auction Duty.

Importers 01

Wheaten Flour

and Rice /hall.

give fourteen

Days previous

publick Notice,

of Sales, ancL

like Notice to

the Commis-

sioners of the

Customs, Sec,

who /hall ap.

point a Person

to attend to

certify the

Prices, Sec

Persons claim-

ing Bounties

/hall make

Proef on Oath

that the Sales

were bonA 6dt

Sales.

How Bounty

on Rice im-

ported from the

Balt Indies lhaiV

be paid.

litized by

