2 2

C.

i3<

Anno triceftmo.nono Georgii III. A* D» 1799.

-them to be laid

-before Persons

‘ having, witlun

_ lour Yean pre-

ceding, fenred

(or been re-

turned on the

Pannel to serve)

as Grand Jurors

'for each Coun-

ty, See. in Eng-

land; at a

Meeting to be

summoned by

.t!,e Sheriff

Within ten Day*

after Receipt of

in which they shall be fde&ed and set down in Writing by the faiJ Persons and Barons respectively, or

the Majority of them there present, and they shall be Commissioners for the Purposes'of this Act in the

Order in which they shall be so appointed: Provided alw.-.ys, That the Number of Commissioners to be

appointed to ad together in any one Division, or in any City, Borough, Town, or Place in England, or

any one Shire, Stewartry, or Place in Scotland, shall not exceed the Number of five, or be less than two 5

and the Names of the Persons so to be appointed shall from Time to Time be returned to the Commissioneis

for the Affairs of Taxes at their Office.

Summonses the said-Sheriffs, or their Deputies respectively, shall cause to be ifiiied, returnable within ten

Days after the Transmission of such Lifts to them respectively) > and in rtfped of Lifts nude in Scotland,

the fame shall be laid before the Barons of the Exchequer there; and the Persons present at such Meeting,

and the said Barons respectively shall, out of such Lifts, feled such Number of Persons, qualified as hereby

is required, as shall be necessary for carrying into Execution the general Purposes of this A#, and for

supplying from Time to Time any Vacancy that may arise as herein-after mentioned; and shall appoint such

Persons to be Commissionei $ for such Purposes, in and for the whole County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry,

City, Borough, Town, or Place, in the Order in which they shall be feledeJ to serve; and if in England,

shall appoint who and what Number shall act for each Division of any County or Riding, and for each City,

Borough, Town, or Place therein, for which Commissioners are or shall be separately named as aforesaid ;

and if the Persons present at the said Meeting, or the said Barcns reflectively, shall not find in any Lifts

fufRcient Numbers of Persons qualified to be Commissioners, they shall fclect fuchNumber from the Lifts

of any adjoining or neighbouring Division or Dlvilions of the same County, Riding, or Place, or from

...... the County at large adjoining to any City, Borough, or Town, being a County of itself, if in England,

such Lifts j^and and if in Scotland, from the Lifts of any adjoining or neighbouring Shire, Stewartry, or Place, as may be

before the Ba- necessary; and such Persons shall be declared to be so appointed Commissioners as aforesaid in the Order

rons of the Ex- ...... * ...... ~ ‘ ...... ' ~ “

chequer in Scot-

land. Such

Grand Jurors

and Baron* shall

.feltft a com-

petent Number,

duly qualified,

from such Lifts,

to be Commissioners under this Act; and for supplying Vacancies, in the Order in which they shall he selected: If a Efficient Number canrot he

found qualified, the Deficuncy may be supplied from the Lifts of the adjoining Counties, Sec. The Number oi Commissioners in ary one Dillrift not

to exceed five, nor he ief* than two; and their Names to he returned to the Tax Office. [&e r. 22. § 10. as to jparate Comnijfior.crsfior each Ward, GV.

in a Cityr; and t. 42. <§ » as to appointing, by the Comm'ijpor.rrs of Taxes, on Deficiencies, Uc. J

CommTlionere XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to ro-

bot restrained strain the said Commissioners, or any of them, from acting as Commissioners in any other Part of the

ai^other Part County, Riding, or Place, for which they are appointed,

of die County, Stc.

Qualified Per- XIIL And be it further enacted, That any Persons Qualified as by this Act is required, may, at any Time

Tons may have after such Lifts shall be returned, cause their Names to be inserted in such Lifts* by giving Notice thereof to

Inserted^irrthe the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes.

Lifts returned, by giving Notice to the Tax Office.

The Clerks of XIV. And be it further enacted, That the several Clerks of Assize shall, as soon as conveniently may

Affizeshall re- be after the passing of this Act, transmit to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, true and perfect:

Gffi to<^,e, Ta3f Copies the several Pannels of Persons returned within the Period before mentioned, 10 serve as Jurors

the GrancTjury as aforesaid, withirt the several and respective Counties, Ridings, Cities, Towns, and Places in England,

Pannfts; [and who are empowered by this Act to feled and appoint Commissioners under this Act; and the proper Officers

in Scotland shall, in like Manner, return to the said Barons Lifts of Persons who shall have been summoned

to serve as Jurors in Scotland, within the like Period: which Lifts, together with the Lifts of Persons

qualified to act as Commissioners under this Act, the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall

transmit to the said Sheriffs, with Directions to them to summoji, within the Time herein-before limited,

the respective Persons who are empowered as aforesaid to feled and nominate Commissioners at such Places

as such Sheriffs shall respectively name; which Summons shall respectively be by jmblick Advertisements,

inScotland Lifts

of Juror* shall

be returned to

the Barons; fee

c. 42. § JO.]

these Lifts, and

those of the Per-

sons qualified

forCommission-

trs, the Tax

Office shall

transmit to the Sheriffs, who shall summonthe Grand Jurors, See. by publick Advertifc.nent, with four Days Notice.'

signed by such Sheriffs or their Deputies, and inserted in some Newspapers usually circulated in the re-

spective Counties, Ridings, Shires, Stewartries, and Places aforesaid, four Days at lead before the Day to

be named for the Meeting of such Persons for the Purposes before mentioned.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That, within, the County of Lincoln, Lifts of Persons

qualified to act as Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act shall be returned by the respective Com-

missioners acting for the several Hundreds and Subdivisions within the several Divifsons of Lindjey, Holland,

and Kffteven, within the said County; and that separate Commissioners shall be chosen to ad within those

respective Hundreds and Subdivisions, in like Manner as hereinbefore directed to be done, within the*

several Divisions of the other Counties herein mentioned.

In Lincolnshire’

Lifts shall be

returned by

Commissioners

f»r the Hun-

dred* and Sub-

ciivilVons in

Lindfcy, See.

and separate Commissioners be cfcofcn for such Hundreds,

The said Grand

Jurors, Ac. shall

appoint thr\e

Persons (quali-

fied as directed

in $ 23) to le

Commissioners

0! Appeal in

*%&County,

Sec.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Persons who shall have served, or have been returned to

serve oil the Grand Inquest as aforesaid, in England, and the Barorvs of the Exchequer in Scotland, shall

appoint three Persons, qualified as herein directed, to act as Commissioners of Appeal for each County at

large. Riding, Shire, or Stewartry in Great Britain, And also three other Persons at the least, if so many

can be found qualified, in like Manner to supply Vacancies as herein is mentioned; and the Names of such

Persons shall be returned to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes at their Office, who shall give

Notice of such Appointment to such Commissioners of Appeal, who shall forthwith appoint a Time and

5 Place

