A. D. 1799. Anno tflcefimo nono.GEORon Ilf. C. 107,

Purpose an Account of all undamped Notes, Bills, and Tickets. aforesaid that shall be issued, re-issued,

or negociated by such Bank or Banking Company, and shall, from Time to Time and once at Ieaft in

every six Months, and at all such other Times as the fame shall be required by the said Commissioners of

Stamp Duties or their Officer to be appointed as aforesaid, cause to be transmitted to such Commissioners,

or tJeliVer to such Person as shall be authorized by them as aforesaid, a full and accur-te Account of aK

the undamped Notes, Bills, and Tickets aforesaid that shall have been issued, re-(f£ied, or negociated fmee

the Date of such Bond, or since the lad Account that shall have been transmitted to such Commissioners,

or delivered to such Person authorized by them as aforesaid, or within such Period of Time as shall be men-

tioned by such Commissioners or Person authorized by them as aforesaid, and shall also well and truly cause

Payment to be made to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall have authorized to receive

the fame, of all such Sum and Sums which shall from 7'ime to Time grow due to his Majesty, hisvHeirs

and Successors, according to the true Intent and Meaning cf this Act, such Bond shall be void,

but otherwise to be and remain in full Force; and it shall be lawful for such Commissioners to fix the

Times and Places of making such Payments, and to specify the fame in the Condition to every such Bond,

and which shall be by two Payments in the Year at equal Intervals, as nearly as may be ; and every such

Bond may be required to be renewed from Time to Time at the Discretion of the said Commissioners or

the major Part of them, and as often as the fame shall be forfeited, or the Party or Parties to the fame or any

of them (nail die, become Bankrupt orlnfolvent, or reside in Parts beyond the Seas.

XXII. And be it further enacted. That all and every Person or Persons, except the Directors of the After Dec. if

Bank of Scotland and Royal Bank of Scotland, and Persons acting under them respectively in their *799>no Per’

Banking Business, according to the Provisions of this Act, who, from and after the first Day of December u^Dir^orel^

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall write or sign, or cause to be written or signed, or the Bank or the

shall first issue or re-issue any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Bill, or Ticket required Royal Bank of

to be stamped by this Act, without the fame being first duly marked or stamped with a proper Mark or Scotland, or

Stamp, in the Manner herein prescribed, or upon which there shall not be some Mark or Stamp re- Pc^son* aa,nK

(enabling the feme, or without such Person or Persons shall act therein by virtue of a Licence granted for Jcensed flJaU*

that Purpose under the Authority of this Act, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty r,gn or issue any

Bounds. unstamped Note, on Penalty of aol.

XXIIL And be it further enacted, That for the better and more effectually levying and collecting the

said Duties herein-before granted, the fame shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners

for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper;*

for which Purpose they or the major Part of them are hereby required and empowered to employ the ne-

ceflary Officers under them, and to use and provide such Stamps for the said several Duties as shall be re-

quifite in that Behalf, and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act into Execution

with relation to the said Duties, in the like and in as full and ample Manner as they or the major Part of

them are authorized to put in Execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, and

Paper.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Penalties, and For-

feitures, Methods of recovering and Distributions of Penalties and Forfeitures, and Allowances for present

Payments, and all other Matters and Things which, in and by any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to

the Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, provided and established for raising, levying, recovering,

collecting, and securing the Duties thereby granted or referred to, or any of them, and not hereby altered,

shall be of full Force and Effect with relation to the Duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in

Execution for the raising, levying, recovering, collecting, and securing the said Duties hereby imposed,

according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes

as if the lame had severally and respectively been hereby re-enacted with relation to the said Duties hereby

imposed.

XXV. And be it further enacted, Th%t if any Person shall counterfeit or forge any Stamp or Mark di-

rected or allowed to be used by this Act, for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by this Act granted, with

an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties, or shall fraudulently

use any Stamp or Mark directed or allowed to be used by tfiis Act with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his

Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, or shall utter, vend, fell, or expose to Sale any Vellum, Parch-

ment, or Paper liable to the said Duties with any counterfeit Stamp or Mark thereupon, knowing the fame

to be counterfeit, then every such Person so offending and being thereof lawfully convicted shall be adjudged

-a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cafes of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Duties herein-before granted shall be paid from Time to

Time into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on stamped Vellum,

Parchment, and Paper, who shall pay the fame (the necessary Charges of raising, paying, and accounting

for the feme being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time and in such Manner as the

Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper are directed to be paid, and the said

Money so paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Parc of the Consolidated

Fund.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the Monies arising or to a rife of the Duty

hereby granted, or of so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Re-

Yenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made by virtue of any

Act or Acts passed in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of

Son Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt distinftly and apart from all other Branches of the

D d 2 Publ.ck

Duties shall be

under the Ma-

nagement of the

Commissioner*

of Stamp

Duties,

Acts respecting

Stamp Duties,

not hereby

altered, shall

extend to this

Act.

Persons coun-

terfeiting

Stamps, Sec.

shall be guilty*

of Felony wit fl-

out Clergy.

Duties shall be

paid to the Re-

ceiver General

of Stamp Du-

ties, and by him

into the Ex-

chequer.

Appropriation

01 Duties.

