n rn

o5 y

The Duties of

Excise on Spi-

rit^, Wine,

Gl.ifs, Cocoa

Nuts, and Cef•

tee, imported by

the East India

Cempany, not

t epealed or al-

tered by tile rc-

; uted Ad.

From July 5,

1X00, Wine of

the Cape of

Good Hope,im-

ported into

Great Britain,

shall be liable to

the fame Duties

Only ; and the

fame Draw-

back shall be

allowed on Ex-

portation as

Portugal Wine.

A Drawback of

the Duties shall

be allowed on

such Wine far

the Consump-

tion of Naval

Officers on

board Ships, as

permitted by

33 Geo. 3. C.4S.

& 3 5 Geo. 3.

c. 10.

Spirits of the

C ape shall be

liable to the

lame Duties

or ly cn Impor-

tation, and the

fame Drawback

be allowed,011

I y.jacrtat.on,

as t pifita of the

British Wert

India Planta-

tions

C. 59,60.' Anno .39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. i8co.

4 Glass, Cocoa Nuts, and Coffee, rcrpc<5ively imported by the said United Company from the Eofl In-

4 dies, are not by the said recited Act repealed;’ be it declared and enacted by the King’s most Excel-

lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament atl'emlled, and by the Authority of the same, Thar, neither the said Act of

the thirty-ninth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, nor any Chute, iMalter, or 'f hi 1;:j therein contained, was

intended to extend, nor did* rnr doth extend, nor Cull be deemed or conlhued to extend, or to have ex-

tended, to repeal or alter any or either of the Duties of Excite which were t>y any or either cl the La.vs

in force immediately before the passing of the said A. t of the thirty-ninth Year of his Majesty’s Reign,

imputed for or in rpspect of Spirits, Wine, Glals, Cocoa Nuts, and Coffee rtipeclively, or any or either

of mem, imported by the said United Company from the EajVIndies; and that all and Angular the Du-

cts of Excite which were imputed by any or either of the Laws in force immeJi itely before the passing

of the said Act of the thirty-ninth Year of his M ijesty’s Reign, for or in relpeit o[ Spirits, Wine, Glut,

Cocoa Nuts and Coffee respectively, or any or either of them, imported by the said United Company

from tire Raj} Indies lince the pailing of the said A At of the thirty-ninth Year of his Mjjeity’s Reign, re-

mained and continued, and ltill remain and continue in force, as the fame respectively were immediately

before fne nuking of the said hit-mentioned Atet 3 any 'idling in the said Act contained to the contrary in

anywise notwithftap.dii’g. -

- 4 CAP. LX.

. An Act to Itflcn the Duties on Wine and Spirits the Produce of the British Settle-

. ment of the Caps of Good Hope; and to empower the Importers to land the fame

before Payment of the Duties of Excise, and to lodge the lame in Wardioufes ; and

to allow the fame to be lliipped free of Duty as Scores, to be coniumed on board

Merchants’ Ships on their Voyages. [30th June 1800.]

4 ^WHEREAS the Castle, Town, and Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, with the Territories

4 VV and Dependencies thereof, are now in the Polio (lion of his Majesty; and for the Encouragement

4 of the Trade and Commerce to and from the lame, it is expedient to ldlen the Duties payable on the

4 Importation of Wine and Spirits, the Produce of the said Settlement, or the Territories or Dependencies

* thereof, and to make such Provisions as are herein-after mentioned:’ Be it therefore ciuited by the

King’s rrtoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That no Wine

of the Produce of the Brilif) Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, or the Territories or Dependencies

thereof, and which, from and after the fifth Day of 'July one thousand eight hundred, shall be imported

into the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall be subject or liable to any greater or higher Duty or Duties, but

tire fame shall be subjeci and liable to the lame or the like Duties as are by Law imputed for or in respect of Por-

tugal Wime imported into this Kingdom ; and upon the Exportation of any such Wine, of the Produce of

•the said Settlement, Territories, or Dependencies, and for or in refnect whereof the Duties by xhis Act

directed shall have been paid, and which shall be exported as Merchandize to any Port or Place beyond

the Seas, there shall be paid and allowed the fame or the l.kc Drawback and Drawbacks as are by Law

directed to be paid or allowed for or in respect of Portugal Wine exported from Great Britain as Mer-

chandize to such Port or Place, any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwteh-

standing.

II. AnJ be it further enacted, That the Duties by this A& payable for or in rtfpefl cf Wine of the

Produce of the said Settlement 01 the Cape of Good Hope, or the Territories or Dependencies thereof, shall

be allowed for or in resprei of such -V/ine intended ior the Ule of Admirals, Captains, or other Cornmil-

fioned Officers employed in his Mi.jctey’s Service, lor their adiual Consumption gn board such c.f his M*-

jelty’s Ships as they ih dl respectively firve, in like Manner, and under the like Pruviiior.s, Conditions,

and Re(htetters, as a Drawback of tire former Duties paid on the Importation of Wines iiuo Gr^at Bri-

tain arc directed to be allowed by an A cl, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his pretent Ma-

jc fly, intituled, An Act to allow the Drawback of the Duties of Cnjlous and Excise upon /dues coy fumed ly

y/imiraU, CaUams and other Coinmijioned Ojieers on board Ships cf ih or in aolnnl Service, and to allow

fuel) Ships to C Supplied with Tobacco Dutyfree; or by another Act, passed in the thirty-filth Year of the

Reign atordajd, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majflj additional Duties cf Excise on Foreign IVlhcs

and Sweets* ' * '

* liL And be it further cnaSled, That no Spirirs of the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories, or

•Dependencies, and which Hull, from and after the said filth Day of July one thousand eight hundred, be im-

ported di.ectly iron: tner.cc into this Kingdom, shall be fueject or Iiabje to any greater or higher Duty or

Duties of Callous or Excise, but the fame shall be subject and liable to the fame or the I ke Duties of Cuf-

toms and Excite, as are or (hull be by Law imputed for or in respect of Rurn or Spirits of the Grovvto,

Produce, and Manufacture of the Briti'jh Sugar Plantations in the I Fiji In lies, imported into this King-

dom d-rMfiy from the said Sugar Plantations ; and upon Exportation of any such Spirits of the Produce of

the said ‘Settlement, Tcnitories, or Dependencies, and for or in reipedi w.hmot the Duties of Customs

by ttes Act directed fh ill have been paid, ar'.d which shall be exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts,

there shall be paid and allowed a Drawback of such Customs Duty, at y Act or Acts of Parliament to the

contrary notwithlbnding.

ic IV. And

I *

