268

C. i*

Anno 39* & 40° Georgii III. A. D. 1799.

Not more »n

the Whole to be

djfmlfled and

discharged than

three Fifths of

the Quota for

the County.

Persons so dif-

sniired, or fe-

lcdted so to be,

may enhrt in

the Regular

Forces, and

such as do not

so ill renuin

liable to serve in

the Militia, and

shall join when

required.

* Colonel or Commanding Officer of any Militia to disembody and-dismiss, to their respective Places of

"Abode, any fuchNumber of Militia Men aforesaid as his Majesty shall think fit; and every such Colonel

or Commanding Officer shall, withit) fourteen Days after the hiding of any Warrant as aforesaid, proceed*

according to the Directions of fuckWarrant, to disembody and difmififfuch Militia Men aforesaio to their

respective Places of Abode, in Manner and at the Times in such Warrant mentioned.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorize

his Majesty to disembody and dismiss any greater Number of Militia Men than will, together with the

Number of Men discharged under the said recited Act and this Act, for the Purpose of being enlisted into

his Majesty’s Regular Forces, amount in the Whole to three Fifths of the Number of Men required as the

Quota of such County, Riding, or Place, by"the said Act of the last Sessionof Parliament.

XVIII, Provided also, and be it further enacted, That al!*Persons so disembodied and difnwfled as afore-

said, or selected or fixed upon for the Purpose of being so disembodied or dismissed as aforesaid, from any Re-

giment, Battalion, or Corps of M ilitia, may, during the Time of their remaining so disembodied as afore-

said, or at any Time after they shall have left the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, under any Or.

His Majesty

may rctaigpffi.

cers, See. not-

w’ithstanding

tht Rtduftion

eft he Numbers

' of Militia Men.

His Majesty

may make a

new Anange-

ment of the Ef-

fab!;foment of

the Militia.

His Majesty

may issue Orders

for the Execu-

tion of tlus Att

through the Se-

cretary of State

to Lords Lieu,

tenants and

Colonels*

fSommanding

Cfocers of Mi-

Lua to transmit

to the Clerk of

General Meet-

der of the Colonel or Cpmmanding Officer thereof, for the Purpose of being so disembodied or dtfmiired as

aforesaid, enlist in his^Majesty’s Regular Forces ; and that all persons so disembodied and dismissed as afore-

said, who shall not, during fuchTime as aforesaid, enlist in any of his Majesty’s Regular Forces, shall re-

main liable to serve in the fame Militia, (unless any such Perfoi*shall be elided to his Discharge under the

Provisions of any Act or Acts now in force,) and (nail and they are hereby required to join any Regiment,

Battalion, and Corps of Militia, serving for the County, Riding, or Place, from the Militia of which they

shall have been respectively dismissed, whenever called upon so to do, either for the Purpose of supplying the

Vacancies which may arise incite said Militia, or whenever they shall be again embodied under any War-

rant under his Majesty's Sign Manual, which Warrant, as aforesaid, his Majesty is hereby empowered to

issue whenever he shall think fit, and shall be and remain subject to all such and the like Rules and Orders*

and to ail and the like Pains and Penalties, as any other Persons enrolled to serve in the Militia are

subject and liable to by any Act or Acts now in force, at such Times as the said Militia shall not be em-

bodied under the said Acts, or as such Persons ?re subject and liable to at the Time of the embodying of any

Militia*

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by any Order signified by his

Majesty’s Secretary of State, to direct any Number of Officers, Non-com mi (Honed Officers, Corporals, or

Drummers, adualfy serving in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia at the Time of any Reduction-

of the Number of the Private Men of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, by the Discharge of Men for the

Purpose of enlisting into the Regular Forces under this Act, to be rerained during the Continuance. of the

present War, or for so long Time during .the Continuance thereof as his Majesty shall think fit, as Officers*

Non-commissioned Officers, CorportflsJ and Drummers respectively* of such Regiment, Battalion, or

Corps, although by Reason thereof the Number of Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Corporals, ani

Drummers respectively, of any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall, after such Reduction of the

Number’of Private Men therein as aforesaid, exceed the Proportion of Officers, Non-commissioned Of-

ficers, Corporals, and Drummers respectively, prescribed for any Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Com-

pany of Militia, by any Act or Acts now in for ce ; and all such Officers, Non-coni missioned Officers*

Corporals, and Drummers, so retained as aforesaid, shall be entitled to such Pay, Emoluments, and Ad-

vantages as other Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Corporals, and Drummers respectively, are by Law

entitled unto ; any Thing in any Law or Ad to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, whenever he shall think proper

after the Daffing of this Act, to cause the Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, to be formed into such

and such Number of Regiments, Battalions, or Companies as his Majesty shall deem expedient, Regard

being had to the RedudUon that shall have taken place in the Militia of such County, Riding, or Place, by

the Enliftmentof Men into the Regular Forces under the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, or this

Act, or by the Ddembodying of any Militia Men by his Majesty under this Act; and conforming in every

such Cafe, as near as the Proportions of Men left after such Reduction as aforesaid will admit, to the ori-

ginal Establishment of the Militia of such County, Riding, or Place, with respect to the Regiments, Batta-

Hons, or Companies of which the fame was composed under the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of tho

Rei^n of his present Majesty. '

XXI. tAnd be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by any Order signified by his

Majesty’s Secretary of State, at any Time, from Time to "1 ime during the Execution of this Act, or any

Part thereof, to give such Orders and Directions to the Lieutenants, or in the Vacancy of the. Office or

Ahfence of any Lord Lieutenant, to the D< puty Lieutenants authorized to act as Lieutenant, or to the re-

spective Colonels and Commanding Officers of any Regiments, Battalions, or Corps of Militia, of every

County, Riding, and Place afolcfaid, as his Majesty shall from Time to Time think expedient and necef-

fary for the Execution of this Act ; and the several Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants, and Colonels and

Commanding Officers aforesaid, shall proceed forthwith, in pursuance of his MajestyYOrders, to do all

such Acts as shall be necessary for the Purpose of carrying such Order into Execution, and for the due Exe-

cution of ti.e Provisions of this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Colonel or Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Bat-

talion, or Corps of Militia shall, within twenty Days, or as soon as conveniently may be, after the issuing

of any Warrant under this Act for the disembody ing and difmiifing any Militia Men belonging to such Re-

giment, Battalion*.or Corps, transmit, or cause to be transmitted, to the Clerk of the General Meeting of

Lieutenancy

i>

gi

Goog e

