A. D« 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 72.

VII. And whereas by an Act, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

4 intituled, An Act for Granting to his Majrfly certain Duties on Certificates, to be taken out by Attornies, So-

4 Heitors, and others, practising in certain Courts offujhce in Great Britain, and certain other Duties with

4 respect 'to Warrants, Mandates, and Authorities, /<? entered or filed of Record, as therein mentioned;

and of another Act, passed in the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act

for granting to his Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters therein mentioned; and for better

4 securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Mttornies, and others, practising in certain

4 Courts of fuftice in Great Britain, certain Duties are granted on Certificates to be taken out by cer-

4 tain Notaries therein described: And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether Notaries, not being ad-

4 mitted in any Courts, are liable to the said Duties;’ for Remedy whereof, be it enacted, That, from

and after the first Day of November one thousand eight hundred, every Person who shall act: as a Public

Notary, or use or exercise the Office of a Notary in any Manner, or do any notarial Ad whatsoever,

without having been duly admitted in the Court or Courts wherein Notaries are usually admitted, and

without having delivered in his Name and usual Place of Residence, and taken out such Certificate as

is directed in and by the said last recited Acts of the twenty-fifth and thirty, seventh Years of the Reign of

his present Majesty, or one of them, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty

Pounds, and shall be and is hereby made incapable to do any Ad, Matter, or Thing as a Notary Pu-

blick, or recover any Fee or Reward on Account of any such Ad, Matter or Thing, without such Cer-

ficate as aforesaid; and every such Penalty shall be recoverable and recovered, and applied in like Manner

in every Respect as any Penalty of the like Value imposed by the said last recited Acts, or either of them, may

be recovered and applied.

VIII. And whereas the Provision contained in an Act, passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of

4 his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Sea Insurances, by

4 which it is enacted, That the Commissioners or Officers in the said Act mentioned shall not be required

4 to provide, at the publick Charge, any stamped Parchment for Policies of Insurance, where the Sum to

4 be insured thereon shall not amount to ten thousand Pounds or upwards, has been found to be productive

4 of great Inconvenience: And whereas it is expedient that certain Provisions of the said Act, relating

4 to the cancelling of certain Policies of Insurance in certain Cafes, and to the making an Allowance of

the Stamps thereon, should be amended in certain Particulars herein-after mentioned; and that Provi-

4 fion should be made to permit the said Commissioners of Stamps to make an Allowance of the Value

V of certain Stamps on Policies of Insurance, issued on former Acts of Parliament, prior to the said last

4 recited Act, that have never been used, and have been rendered useless by the said Act:* Be it there-

fore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as enads, that the said Commissioners or Officers in

the said Act mentioned, should not be required to provide, at the Publick Charge, any Parchment stamped

for Blank Policies of Insurance, as in the said Act is particularly mentioned, where the Sum to be in-

sured thereon should not amount to ten thousand Pounds or upwards, shall, from and after the first Day of

August one thousand eight hundred, be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and that, from and after the said

first Day of August, the said Commissioners shall provide sufficient Quantities of Parchment or Paper

only, and not of Vellum, adapted for Policies of Insurance, with the several Forms for Blank Policies of

Insurance printed thereon, and stamped according to the Provisions of the said Act, for the several and

respective bums of five thousand Pounds, six thousand Pounds, seven thousand Pounds, eight thousand

Pounds, and nine thousand Pounds respectively, to be insured thereon.

IX. And whereas it is expedient that the Period within which any stamped Vellum, Parchment, or

4 Paper, delivered in pursuance of the said last recited Act, may be brought or sent to the Commissioners

4 of Stamp Duties, at their Head Office, to be cancelled, on the Terms and according to the Regulations in

the said last recited Act contained, should be extended Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after

the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for all and every Person or Persons, to whom any stamped Vel-

lum, Parchment, or Paper, shall have been delivered in pursuance of the said Act, bearing the Date of

the Delivery thereof by the proper Officer, in the Manner in the said Act directed, to bring or fend

to be cancelled any such stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, allowed by the said Act to be cancelled,

unto the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, at their Head Office, at any Time within six Calendar

Months after the Date of the Delivery thereof as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners or their Officers

shall have the like Authority as is in the said Act contained, to cancel the Policies so brought as aforesaid,

and to exchange the fame for other stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with Stamps of the like Value

with the damped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper so cancelled ;4n like Manner in every Respect as if the fame had

been brought to be cancelled within the Period prel'cribed by the said last recited Act j any Thing in the

said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said last recited Act as empowers the said Com-

rnissioners to cause any Policy that shall have been made and subscribed on any Ship or Ships bound on a

Voyage outwards from any Port or Place in Great Britain, or any Part, Share, or Interest therein, or

arising thereout, or on any Goods or Merchandizes laden on board such Ship or Ships which shall be brought

to be cancelled within ten Office Days after the Departure of such Ship or Ships from any such Port or

Place in like Manner, and under the like Powers, as if such Policy had been brought to be cancelled

within ten Office Days from the Date of the first Subicription, (hull, from and after the passing of this

Ad, be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

XI. And whereas it is expedient, That the Provisions in the said recited Act, empowering the said

4 Commissioners to make Allowances for Stamps on Policies of Insurance, where the Sum insured shall

3 C 2 4 exceed

379

*5 G*°' 3* c.

80, recited.

37 Geo. 3.C. 90.

From Nov. 1,

1800, Notaries

acting without

having taken

out their Certi-

ficate shall for-

feit 50! and be

rendered inca-

pable of acting.

3tCco. 3. c. 63.

5*3 recited ;

and so much as

enacts that the

Commissioners,

&c. fiiali not be

required to pro-

vide Blank Po-

licies of Infur-

ance for Sums

not amounting

to io,ooool. re-

pealed; and

from August j,

1S00, stam^ed

Policies to be

provided for

5, 6, 7, 8, and

9000I. respec-

tively.

Policies may be

brought to the

Stamp Oflice to

be cancelled

within fix

Months from the

Date of Deli-

vety. [S*f§8.

of 3 5 Gco 3*

63.j

§ 9 of 35 Gco.

3. c 6 j. em-

powering the.

Commissioners

to cancel Po,i-

cies brought

within i© Days

aft-, r Depirture

of the VtlUi re-

pealed.

If an Insurance

he m.'de on a -

Ship that doc«

