A. D. 1800. Anno 39* & 40° Georgii III. C. 24—27. 293

- (B,)

drawbacks.

' tea.

For all Tea (for which the Doty hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been* paid) which shall be

exported to Ireland, or his Majesty’s Plantations in America^ the Whole of the Duty of Excise by this Act

imposed in resp.ft thereof*

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore *. [ 10th March 1800. J

CAP. XXV*

* [ Until Mard&

2 5, 1801]

An Act to prohibit, until the first Day of Oilober one thousand eight hundred, the U fe of

Wheat in making Starchy [25th Marchi boo.Q.

/ ,

• tl 7 HERE AS it is expedient that the making of Starch, from Wheat, should be prohibited fora I?-

4- VV mitedTime:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted •, and be it enacted

by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice, and Content of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, No starch to b«^

during the Continuance of this Act, no Starch shall be made or prepared from any Wheat, Wheat Flour, or wheat 0^100^

Wheat Meal, or any Mixture with Wheat, Wheat Flour, or Wheat Meal.. or any Mixture^

44 Penalty for making Starch from Wheat, Wheat Flour, or Wheat Meal, or any Mixture therewith tool th«with.

u But not to extend to completing Starch from Wheat, Wheat Flour, or Wheat Meal, put in Fermenta-

44 fion on or before March 70, 1800. % 2. Wheat, Wheat Flour, or Wheat Meal, found in Starch Houses

44 Forfeited- and the Persons in whose Possession found shall forfeit tool § 3* Persons authorized, and Offi-

44 fcers of Excise may enter Starch Houses and inspect Materials; and.Officers may take Samples of Mix-

44 tures, paying for the fame 3d% per lb. if ^hey suspect Wheat, Wheat Flour, or Wheat Meal, to be mixed

44 therein. Penalty of tool for refusing Admission, or preventing the Inspedion of Materials, tf?c. Wheat,

44 Wheat Flour, and Wheat Meal, so found may beJeized. Makers of Starch may keep in their

44 Houses Wheat, Wheat Flour* or Wheat Meal not exceeding eight Bushels. Penalty for having more

44 than that Quantity, Forfeiture of the Wheat, Flour, and Meal, and also 51 per Bushel; but not to extend

44 in certain Cafes to Starch Makers being Growers of Wheat, or Millers, being possessed of Mills before

44 passing this Act*. § j. On Oath of Ground of Suspicion that more than eight BuGiels of Wheat, Whea\

44 Flour, or Wheat Meal, is kept in any Storehouse, &V. Officers of Excise and other Persons rftay be au-

44 thorized to search, by Day or by Night, (but if by Night then with a Peace Officer) and may seize the

44 Surplus, and the Persons in whose Custody found, shall forfeit 5/. per Bushel. Doors may be broken

44 open if neccfiary. § 6. Contracts by Starch Makers for Delivery of Starch or Hair Powder during.,

44 the Continuance of this Act, void. § 7.”

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall obstruct or hinder any Officer or: penalty of aooi.

Officers of Excise in the execution of any of the Powers and Authorities to nim or them given by this Act, for obstruiaing

the Person or Persons offending therein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sumof two hun- Officers,

dred Pounds.

44 Recovery and Application of Penalties, as under the Excise Laws. § 9. Limitation of A'dions, one

44 Month. General Iliite. Treble Costs. $ 10. His Majesty may permit the making of Starch from

44 Wheat, Wheat Flour, or Wheat Meal, by Proclamation in the Gazette. § 11. [See Stat. 36 Geo. 3. /

§ 3. to 8. and § 18. and 19. to 22. from which all the Clauses above abridged are copied.J

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect as to all such Matters Commencement..

ancf Things therein contained, in respect Whereof no special Commencement is hereby di/eded or provided, *nd Continu-

from and immediately after the passing of this Act, and shall be and remain in Force until and upon the first *nceof AdU

Day of October one thousand eight hundred.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the

Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commis-

- (loners for the Reduction of the National Debt. [25th March 1800. J

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion ; and for the better Payment of the Army and theic Quarters.

[25th March 1800.J

44 Number of J'orces £0,275, including 5,792 Invalids. § u”

15 LXIL

