36

Persons giving

false Evidence

on such Exami-

nations, Sec,

shall be liable to

the Penalties of

Perjury.

Jndiflments,

Sec. may bellied

in the County

where the Affi-

davit, See. was

exhibited.

Surveyors and

Inspetfors to

take the follow-

ing

Oath.

f See additional

Oath, it. 42. § 8.J

Clerk to the re.

spective Com-

missioners to

take the fol-

lowing

Oath.

additional

OatbfC. 4a. §8. j

Powers, Sec. of

38 Geo. 3. c. 16.

and all other

A#s relative to

the Duties un-

der the Ma-

nagement of the

Commissioners

of Taxes, ex-

tended to this

A&j except

where expressly

varied by this

Atf.

C. 13. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.'

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person upon any fugh Examination on Oath or Affirm-

ation, or in any such Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence,

or shall wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, every such

Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable

to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in being Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are

subject and liable to.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That any Indictment or Information for Perjury committed in any

such Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation, as aforesaid, whether the fame shall be taken or made within

Great Britain or without, shall and may be laid, tried, and determined, in the County where such Affidavit,

Deposition, or Affirmation, shall be exhibited to the Commissioners, in pursuance of this Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the several Surveyors and Inspectprs, who are or shall be ap-

pointed to pur in Execution this present Act, shall, before they mall respectively enter upon their Office, take

the following Oath; (that is to lay,)

4 t A. B. do swear, That in the Execution of an Act, intituled, [herefet forth the Title of this At!,] I will

c examine and revise all Statements delivered within my Distndt, and in surcharging the Schedules of

4 Income, and objedting to Deductions made therefrom, I will act according to the best of my Information

and Knowledge; and that I will conduct tnyfelf therein without Favour, Affection, or Malice; and that

4 I will exercise the Powers entrusted to me by the said Act, in such Manner only as shall appear to me

4 to he necessary for the due Execution of the fame, or as I shall be directed by the Commissioners for the

4 Affairs of Taxes, or any three or more of them; and that I will not disclose any Particular contained in

4 any Statement or Schedule of Income, or any Evidence or Answer given by any Person who shall be

4 examined or make Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation, respecting the fame in pursuance of the said Act,

4 except in such Cafes, and to such Persons only, where it shall be necessary to disclose the fame for the

4 Purposes of the said Act, or in order to, or in the Course of, a Prosecution for Perjury committed ia such

4 Examination or Affidavit*

4 So help me GOD.’

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Person to be appointed a Clerk to the said refoediive Com-

missioners shall, before he shall enter upon his Office, take the following Oath; (that is to say,j

T A. B. do swear. That I will not disclose any Particular contained in any Statement or Schedule of In-

come, or any Evidence or Answer given by any Person who shall be examined or make Affidavit*

4 Deposition, or Affirmation, respecting the fame, in pursuance of an Act, intituled, [here set forth the Title

4 of this v&7, J except in such Cafes, and to such Persons only, where it shall be necessary to disclose the

4 fame for the Purposes of the said Act, and as I shall be directed so to do by two at lead of the Com-

4 missioners acting for the Division or Place for which I have been appointed, or in order to, or in the Course

4 of, a Prosecution for Perjury committed in such Affidavit, Deposition. or Affirmation.

4 So help me GOD.9

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Commissioners who shall be appointed for the

Purposes of this Act, and also the several Persons appointed, or to be appointed Inspectprs, Surveyors, Assessors,

or Collectors, to put in Execution the said Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present

Majesty, intituled, An Atii for granting to His Majesty an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the

or the several Acts relative to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs

of Taxes, or any of them, shall, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all Things

necessary for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the Rates and Duties hereby granted, in the

like, and in as full and ample a Manner, as they or any of them are or is authorized to put in Execution

the Acts above-mentioned, or any of them, or any Matters or Things therein contained; and the Rates

and Duties hereby granted shall and may be ascertained, managed, collected, recovered, paid over, and

accounted for, under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and according to such Rules, Methods,

Directions, and Provisions as the Rates and Assessments granted by the said Act, passed in the thirty-eighth.

Year before-mentioned, and other the Rates and Duties now under the Management of the Commissioners

for the Affairs of Taxes, or any of them, are, oris, or may be ascertained, managed, collected, recovered*

paid over, and accounted for (except as far as any of the said Rules, Methods, Directions, and Provisions

are expressly varied by this Act); and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods,

Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in the said Act, or any Act of the same Session

of Parliament relating thereto, for the assessing, surcharging, mitigating, abating, vacating, hearing, de-

termining, or adjudging the Assessments on the Amount of the Rates to be charged under the Authority of

the said Act, or for advancing or paying the Rates and Duties charged thereby, either to the Bank of

England, or to the Collectors appointed for that Purpose, or for accounting for the fame, and also all the

Powers, Authorities, Rules, Penalties, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in any Act or Acts

relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, (as far as the

fame several Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters,

and Things, are respectively applicable to the Rates and Duties granted by this Act, and not expressly

varied or otherwise provided for hereby,) shall severally and respectively be in full Force, and duly observed

practised, and put in Execution throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the several Purposes of this

Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Powers, Authorities, Rules, Direc-

tions,

