A. D. *799’ Anno trice/Imo npno Qeprgii PII. C.21. 71

Lands, Tenements; or Hereditaments, shall haverentered into‘any Contrail or Contrails, or shall at any

Time hereafter, before the first Day of May one thousand eight hundred, enter into any Contrail or Con-

trails for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or

Hereditaments, or shall have made, or shall hereafter, before the said first Day of May one thousand eight

hundred, make such Application to the Court of Chancery in England, or to the Court of Session in Scotland,

as in the said Ail is direiled to be made, and as the Cafe may require, and shall obtain, or shall have

obtained, an Order or Direition of such Court for the felling and cutting down such Quantity of Timber as

may be deemed necessary for the Redemption of the Land Tax proposed to be redeemed (a Certificate

of which Order or Direition shall be indorsed on the Contrail by the Register or other proper Officer of

such Court); then and in every such Cafe it shall not be necessary to pay or transfer any Part of the Con-

sideration for such Redemption, until the first Day of May one thousand eight hundred, although it shall

have been or may be stipulated in the Contrail, that the Whole, or the first instalment of such Considera-

tion, shall be transferred on or before any Day prior to the first Day of May one thousand eight hundred :

Provided always. That the whole Amount of the Capital Stock agreed to be transferred in such Contrail

shall, in every such' Cafe as last aforesaid, be transferred to the Commissioners for the .Reduction of the

National Debt, within the Period of three Years from the first Day of Alay one thousand eight hundred :

Provided also, That it shall be lawful to stipulate for the Payment or Transfer of the Whole of the said

Consideration at any one Time, or by instalments, within a lei's Period than three Years, or to pay or

transfer the Whole, or any Part thereof in Advance, in such Manner, in all Refpeils, as in the said several

recited Acts is mentioned,

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enailed. That notwithstanding any Thing in the said first re-

cited Ail contained, or in the Order or Direition of any such Court to the contrary thereof, the Land Tax

which shall be redeemed by the Monies arising from the Sale of any Timber cut down under the Autho-

rity of either of such- Courts -respeilively, shall, when all the instalments shall be completed, fink and become

merged in the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whereon the fame was charged,

for the Benefit of the Person or Persons for the Time being beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits

thereof; unless the Person or Persons contrailing for the Redemption of such Land Tax shall have declared

his, her, or their Option to be considered on the Footing of a Purchaser thereof, in which Cafe the Land

Tax so redeemed shall be and continue attendant upon the Estate and interest of the Person or Persons for

the Time being beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Manors; Messuages, Lands, Tene-

ments, or Hereditaments, in like Manner as in the said first recited A61 is directed in Cafes where the Land

TaxfhaH have been redeemed by the Sale of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-

ments under the said Act: Provided also. That it shall be lawful for such Courts respectively to order and

diraft that the Cods and Expences in the surveying, valuing, and felling such Timber, or otherwise on

Account of such Sale thereof, shall be paid and satisfied out of the Purchase Monies for the fame.

Chancery or

Session, lor the

Redemption ttf

their LandTatf,

U"&.Gn-s\

c. 60. S 41.]

need not make

good their first

Instalmenc

till May I*

1800 i bat the

whole Monty.

mud be paid

within three

Years from thjt

Time, and the

Consideration

may be trans-

ferred in Ad-

vance.

Gy. 43.

♦ 3

Land Tax re-

deemed by

such Sale of

Timber shall

merge in the

Lands; except

where the Re-

demptioner

declares hit

Option to be

considered on

the Footing of

a Purchaser 5

in which Cafe

it shall continue

attendant on

the Estate in

the fame Man-

ner as if it had been redeemed by Sale of Lands. [&e 38 Gw. 3. c. 60. § 81.] The Expenctj* of the surveying, felling, and Sale of Timber, to be paid

Out of the Purchase Money.

XXX. * And whereas, under and by virtue of the said first recited Act, all Persons, Bodies, Corporations,

f and Companies,having any Estate or interest in, or being Substiiute Heirs of Entail entitled in their Order

4 to succeed to any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (except Tenants at Rack

4 Rent, and others in the said Act particularly excepted,) are entitled, after the reipedtive Times limited by

4 the said Act, for Preference to Persons having Leasehold or other particular Estates in Possession, or Estates

4 in Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy, to contract for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on such

4 their Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall not have been fold under the

4 Powers of the said Act, but no Prbvtfion is made for the Payment or Transfer of the Consideration by In-

4 (lalments, except in certain Cafes be it therefore enacted, That whew any Contract shall be entered into

fix the Redemption of any Land Tax, at any Time after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand

ftven hundred and ninety-nine, by any Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, having any

absolute Estate, or Estate of Inheritance, in the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

whereon such Land Tax shall be charged, or where any such Contract shall be entered into after the

twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, by any Person or Persons, Bodies,

Corporations, or Companies, having any Leasehold or other particular Estate in Possession, or any Estate

in Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, in such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-

ments, as aforesaid, then and in every such Cafe the first instalment, or the Whole of the Consideration for

such Redemption (in case the fame shall be agreed to be transferred at one Time) shall be transferred orj>aid

on or before such of the Quarterly Days in the said first recited Act mentioned, for the Transfer of the Con-

sideration upon Contradlsior Redemption, as shall next happen after the Day of entering into the Con-

tract; and upon all such Contradls where the first instalment of such Consideration shall be payable or

transferrable on or at at any Time before the first Day of February one thousand eight hundred and one,

the whole Amount thereof shall be paid or transferred, and all the subsequent instalments thereon com-

pleted and made good by equal instalments, at equal Intervals, within the Period of four Years, to be

computed from the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine ; and upon all such Con-

tracts, where the first instalment of such Consideration shall not be payable or transferrable till after the said

first Day of February one thousand eight hundred and one, the whole Amount thereof shall be paid or trans-

frned, and all the subsequent instalments thereon completed and made good by equal instalments, at equal

1 Intervals,

38 Gro. 3. c.

60. § 12, re-

cited. \And fee

39 Geo, 3. c. 6*

h 3-]

Where Con-

trols for Re-

demption shall

be made, after

a5 March 1799,

by Persons

having any

absolute Eftattf

or Estate of

Inheritance, or

after 25 June

1799, Per-

fons having any

Leasehold or

particular

Estate ill Pof-

fession or Re-

version, the first

instalment of

the Considera-

tion (or the

Whole if paid

at once) shall

be made good

on the Quarter

