2$

C. i r.

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A. Dr 1799.

Copies of Cer-

tificates lobe

entered in the

CommissionuV

Books.

Before receiving

Certificates, the

Interest: of

Loans to be

paid.

said Commissioners are authorized, upon the Application of the Persons who have received Advancesof

k Exchequer BiUs under the said Acts, and upon such Security and Consent being given to and depo&ted

1 with the said Cotfimissioners as is mentioned in the said last mentioned Act, to extend the Time for Repay-

1 ment of the Amount of such Exchequer Bills, not exceeding to the Times and Periods

k therein specified: And whereas the said applied to the said Commissioners to extend the

1 Time for the Payment of [the Whole of the said Loan on Exchequer Bills, or the fiift, second, or third

k Jnfhhnents, as the fame may be] from the Time [or respective Times] when the

1 fame became payable according to the said Acts, to such Periods and T imes of Payment as by an Act

4 passed in the thirty ninth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for allowing further Time for the Payment of In*

1 ftalments to become due, arc provided and directed; that is to say, one-third Part, et cetera, on or before

4 , one- third Part on or before , and the Residue

thereof on or before with the highest Rate of Interest payable on any Exchequer

4 Bills outilanding between the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred, and the twenty-fifth Day of

4 March one thousand eight hundred and one, and hath given Security for Payment thereof at such extended

4 Period or Periods, which hath been approved by or more of the said Commissioners: Now we,

4 whole Names are hereunto subscribed, and Seals affixed, being ' of the said Commissioners, do, in

4 pursuance of the Directions contained in the said Act, certify. That we have granted and allowed to the

4 said the further "l ime [or Times] as above recited, for Repayment of the said Sum of

4 [or Instalment, or Instalments thereof, as the Cafe may be\ from the Time [or respective

4 Times] when the fame became payable according to the said Acts, Given under our Hands ana Seals,

4 this Day of

And such Certificates shall be delivered to the respective Parties to whom such Allowance shall be made,

and a Copy or Minute of all such Certificates or Allowances shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept

by the said Commissioners for that Purpose.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That alf and every Persons and Person to whom such.

Enlargement or Extension of Time, for the Payment of the said Instalments, or any or either of them,

shall be granted or allowed under the Powers and Authorities herein-before given for that Purpose, shall*

previous to receiving the Certificate of the said Commissioners for the fame, pay, or cause to be paid, to

the said Commissioners, or such Persons or Person as they, or any three or more of them, shall appoint to

receive the same, Interest for the fiift Instalment of the said Loan, or so much thereof as shall remain due or

unpaid, at the Time when such Grant or Allowance shall be made, such Interest to be paid, in case the Whole

of the said Loan shall remain due and unpaid, within three Months, to be computed from the fifth Day of

'January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; or if any such Instalments shall have been paid or.

satisfied before such Grant or Allowance, then within three Months from the Time when the next accruing

Instalment is made payable in pursuance of the said recited Acts.

X. Provided always, and it; is hereby declared, That the said Acts herein-before recited, and all Remedies,

thereby provided for recovering or compelling the Repayment of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills ifluei

and advanced under the fame as aforesaid, shall continue and be in full Force as against all Persons, and in.

all Cafes, where the Time for Repayment shall not have been enlarged and extended according^ foe Pro-

visions of this Act.

Hensedics df

recited Acts for

compelling Re-

payment of Ex-

chequer Bllls>

tp continue

where the Times have not been extended.

Comm: fti oners

to ha\e the fame

Vow# rjas under

rec.ted AOs.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners (lialThave- alt suchs Powers and Authorities*

with respect to any Parties applying for Relief under this Act, (for the Enlargement or Extension of the

Times of Repayment of any Loan already advanced,) and the Sureties and Securities tendered by such

Parlies respectively, and shall have all such Remedies for the Purpose of recovering or compelling Repayment

of any Loans or Advances already made, the Times of Repayment of which shall or may be enlarged oti

extended by the Authority of this A3, as are given to the said Commissioners, and provided by the said re-

cited Ad, in respect of any Persons applying for Relief under the fame, and the Sureties and Securities ten-^

dsred by them, or in respect of any Default in Repayment of the Loan authorized by the fame-

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Persons or Person consenting to remain Sureties or Surety

for any Parties or Party to whom such Enlargement or Extension of the Times of Repayment of Loans ad-,

vanced to them ns hereirvbefore mentioned (nail be allowed, or becoming Sureties or Surety for any Persons*

or Person to whom any such Loan shall have been originally, made by the Authority aforesaid, their or his.

Executors or Administrators, shall pay or satisfy such Loan, or any Part thereof, or the Interest thereof*

or any Costs or Charges incurred in recovering or compelling Payment of such Loan, or any Part thereof*

such Sureties or Surety final! have all such Remedies asagaintt their or his Principals or Principal, and their,

or his Co-furctics or Co-fun?ty (if any), as are provided by the said recited Act or Acts, for the Benefit of

ritics to remain Sureties of the Persons obtaining a Loan of Exchequer Bills under the said Acts: And, moreover, all,

an Securities for ^ and every such Mortgages or Mortgage as shall be accepted or laken by the said Commissioners, under the.

the Reimbuifc- Authority by the said Acts given to them for that Purpose, as Securities or Security for any Loan or Advance*

*Kntxo furli heretofore made under the Authority or the said Acts, shall (land and remain as Securities ora Security for.

Sureties of the R^imburlemtju to such Sureties respectively, their Executors and Administtators, of the Whole or any.

wetdb^th Sum Money which shall be paid and satisfied by them as such Sureties, and shall. and may be.

y cm‘ enforced and rendered available, by and under the Authority of the said'Commissioners, in like Manner, and^

with the fame Force and Efted, as by the said Adsaie provided, for the Purpose of recovering Payment of.

any Sum or Sums of Money that shall or may be advanced by the said Commissioners, upon the Security of.

fcch Mortgage -or Mortgages undercut! by virtue of the said^ds.

XIII*. And:

Sureties satisff-

Loan to have

the fame Re-

medies atfaintt

>Sc Principals

rKJo-furctie* as

under rveited

Acts; and

Mortgages

13ken a* Secu-

