A.D. 1799* Anno tricesimo nono. Georgii III. C.

Post Horse Duty. or Turnpike, Canal, River, or Lock Tolls (which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared

not to be demandable or payable in such and the like Cafes, for any such Carriages, Horses. Boats, Barges,

and other Vessels, whilst employed in such Service or returning therefrom); for which said respective Sum

and Sums so received, the said Constable, or Petty Constable, is hereby required to give a Receipt in

Writing, but without any Stamp, to the Person or Persons paying the fame ; and such Constable, or Petty

Constable, shall order and appoint such Person or Persons having Rich Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges, or

other Vessels, and Men, within their respective Liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such

Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, and Men, according to the Warrant or Warrants

aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and fiimifh the fame accordingly $ and it shall and may be

lawful in such Cafes, to and for all and every Military Officer and Officers, for the Use of whom, or of

whose Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company, such Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges, or other

Vessels, shall be provided in such Cafes, to carry and convey, and permit to be carried and conveyed, on

ibe feme respectively, not only the Arms, Cloaths, Accoutrements, Baggage, Tents, and other Equipage

of such Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company, but also the Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women,

Children, and other Persons of and belonging to the fame ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary

thereof notwithstanding : But if any such Officer or Officers shall force and constrain any Horse, Carriage.

Boar, Barge, or other Vessel, to travel or proceed beyond the Distance or Place to be allowed and specihed

in such Warrant or Warrants, without the Special Licence or Order of one or more other such Justice or

Justices of the Peace in that Behalf, and which Licence or Order one or more of such Justices is and arc hereby

authorized and required to give and make at his and their reasonable Discretion, every such Officer for every

such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, Proof thereof being made upon Oath before two of his

Majesty’s Justices of the Peace of the same County or Riding, Division, City, Liberty, orPrecinft, who

are to certify the fame to the Paymaster General, or other respective Pay matter of his Majesty’s Forces,

who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid Sum of five Pounds, according to the Order and Appointment

under the Hands and Seals of the aforesaid Justices of the Peace of the same County* Riding, Diviuon, City,

Liberty, or Precinct, and who is hereby empowered to deduct the fame out of such Officer’s Pay.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, ira-

pressed by Authority of this Act, shall be liable or obliged, by virtue of this Act, to carry above thirty hun-

dred Weight; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVlD. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any High Constable, or Petty

Constable, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to execute such Warrant or Warrants of the Justices of the Peace,

as shall be directed unto them for providing Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, and other Vessels as afore-

Aid 5 or if any Person or Persons, appointed by such Constable^ or Petty Constable, to provide or furnish

any Carriage, and Man, Horse, Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, (hallrefute or neglect to provide the fame;

orany other Person or Persons whatsoever shall wilfully do any Act or Thing, whereby the Execution of the

said Warrant flndl be hindered or frustrated; every such Constable, or other Person or Persons so offending,

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than twenty Shillings,

to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where any such Offence shall be committed: And all and every such

Offence and Offences shall and may be inquired of, heard, and finally determined, by two of his Majesty’s

Justices of the Peace, dwelling in or near the Place where such Offence shall be committed; who have hereby

rower to cause the said Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels* ren-

dering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner.

XLIX. 4 And whereas the respective Sums of Money,by this Aftappointed tt> be paid to the Constables

• bytbcOfficers demanding such Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges* or other Vessels, may not, in many'Cafes,

4 besufficient to answer the Charge and Expence of providing the lame, insomuch that the said Constables may

4 frequently be at great Charges, over and above what is received by them of the said Officers, to the great

4 Burthen of theTownship of which he is Constable, or elfetbe Persons providing such Carriages are griev-

4 oufly oppressed : For Remedy \vhereof, and that the said Overplus Charge may be borne by each County

4 or Riding, at the general Charge of fuchCounty or Riding,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That the I'reafurer or Treasurers of each respective County or Riding shall, without Fee or Rdward, pay

unto such Constable all and every such reasonable Sum or Sums of Money, so by him paid or laid out for

such Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, over and above what was or ought to have been

paid by the Officer requiring such Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, out of the Publick

Stock of such County or Riding, according to such Rates, Orders, Rules, and Directions, as the said

Justices of the Peace, in their Quarter Sessions assembled, within their respective Jurisdictions, shall, from

rime to Time, during the Continuance of this Act, make, direct, and appoint, (which Orders shall be

made without Fee or Reward); Regard being always had to the Season of the Year, and the Length and

Condition of the Wfcys by and through which such Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, and other Vessels,

are to travel and pass.

L. 4 And in case the said Publick Stock of theCountyor Riding be not sufficient (over and above the other

4 Purposes for which it was raised) to satisfy the extraordinary Charge of Carriages; Horses, Boats, Barges,

•and other Vessels before mentioned,’ it is hereby further enacted^ That the said Justices of the Peace, irr the

General Quarter Sessions, shall have Power, from Time to Time, to raifc Monies upon the respective

Counties or Ridings, in such Manner as they now raise Monies for County Gaols and Bridges, to satisfy

the bid extraordinary Charge of Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, and other Vessels.

LV.’ Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That, from

Sod tfter the said twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, when and as often

as any Person or Persons shall be enlisted as a Soldier or Soldiers in his Majesty’s Land Service, he or the^

Duty or Tolls

which in such

Cafes are not

demandable.

Constables- to

give a Receipt

without Stamp;

and to order the

Tories, Sec: to

be provided.

MilitaryOfficers

may convey on

them Arm*,

Cloaths, Accou-

trements, Bag-

gage, Equipage,

Officers, Sol-

diers, Servants,

Women, Chil-

dren, and other

Persons.

Penalty on

Officers forcing

Horses, ice. to

travel beyond

the Distance

specified in

Warrant, with-

out "Licence, 5I.

NoWaggon,ftc.

to carry above

30 Hundred

Weight.

Penalty on

Constables,

for Neglect.

Treasurerofth*;

County to repay

the C6n tables*

extraordinary

Charges.

* The Money for

that Purpose

how to hft raised.

Persons baftily

enlisting them-

selves may dif-

sent before a

Digi d by

