A. D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C* 22. 77

XX. And be it further enacted, That the respective last mentioned Commercial Commissioners shall,

within ten Days after the first, and so after each subsequent Instalment appointed for the Payment of the

Duties granted by the said first recited Act, transmit to the Receivers General of the respective Counties,

Ridings, or Places, where the Certificates of such Assessments shall have been issued as aforesaid, or their

respective Deputies, and in Scotland to the Receiver General there, an Account of the gross Amount of all the

tevera! Sums of Money fopaid into the Bank of England under such Certificates as aforesaid, on Account of

each such Instalments, which Accounts shall be received by such Receivers General as Cash, and in Dif-

charge of so much of the said Rates or Duties granted by the said Act as shall be mentioned in such Accounts

as aforesaid ; and in aH Cafes where any Default shall be made in the Payment of any Sum or Sums of

Money contained in any Rich Certificates of Assessment which ought to be (o paid into the Bank of England

.as last aforesaid, and such Sum of Money shall not be paid upon Notice in Writing thereof, by such Com-

mercial Commissioners, in the Manner directed by the said Act, such Commercial Commissioners shall

forthwith cause all such Sums of Money so in Arrear as aforesaid to be inserted in the Duplicates of AfitjfT-

ments to be delivered to the Collector or Collectors of the Parish or Place for which such Assessment (haM

be made and given in Charge to such Collector or Collectors, with Warrant to levy the same in such and the

like Manner, and under thfe like Powers, in every Respect, as is directed by the said recited Act in Cafes

where the Arrears are directed to be returned to the said Commercial Commissioners by the Receivers Ge-

neral, and shall also deliver to the respective Receivers General, or their respective Deputies, Counterparts

of the Certificates of all such. Assessments in Payment whereof Default shall have been made as laftafore-

said, in like Manner as if such Assessments had been originally payable to such Receivers General re-

(peftively.

Within ten

Days after each

Inilalmtntjfuch

Commissioners

shall transmFt an

Account of the.

grots Amount

of ail Sums paid

into the Bank on

such instalments

to the Receiver

General, which

Returns shall be

received by him

as Cash : And

where Default it

made >0 Pay-

ment by the

Peridot assessed,

on Notice from

the Commis-

fiooers, accord-

ing to fc 109 of

c. 13. such

Commissioners

shall infat the

Sum doe from them in the Colleger's Duplicate of Assessment, to be levied by him j and shall then deliver Counterparts of such Assessjoent to tilt

Receiver General.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the respective last mentioned Commercial Commissioners shall,

en or before the fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and (b yearly in every

subsequent Year during the Time in the said first recited Act mentioned, or as soon after as conveniently cart

be done, transmit to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes Duplicates of the gross Amount of all Assess-

ments made upon all Persons who shall have signified their Intention of paying their respective Assessments

into the Bank of England in Manner herein-before directed ; and the Cashier or Caffiiers of the Bank of

England shall also, from Time to Time, whenever the fame shall be required, transmit to the said Com-

oiissioners for the Affairs of Taxes Accounts of the grofc Sums received at the Bank of England on Ac-

count of any Assessments made by any Commercial Commissioners appointed under the Authority of the

said AS, distinguishing in such Accounts the Districts of the respective Commercial Commissioners to whose

Accounts such Sums of Money have been paid.

mit to the Tax Office Accounts of the gross Sums received under such Assessments on Account of such Coi^missioners

Such Commis-

sioners shall

annually, before

June 5, transmit

to the Tax

Office Dupli-

cates of the

gross Amount

of all such

Assessments ;

and the Bank,

when required,

shall also trans-

in each DUirift.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the said first recited Act contained Commercial

shall be construed to extend to restrain the respective Commercial Commissioners to be appointed under the Commissioners

feid A ft from examining any Person or Persons in the Presence of their Secretary, Clerk, or other Person or in a11

Persons duly sworn to Secrecy, according to the Directions of the said Act, nor from disclosing the Evi-

(fence given Dy them, or any of them, to such Secretary, Clerk, or other Person or Persons so (worn, for presence of such

any of the Purposes of the said Act. Commissioners* sworn Clerk, Ac.or disclose the Evidence to such Clerk, Ac*

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners of Appeal Commissioners

for any County, Riding, Shire, or Stewartry, or any Division thereof, to employ a fit Person to be their of Appeal may

Clerk, whose Duty it shall be to receive all Appeals to be laid before the said respective Commissioners, and tc^ctfve “

also all Statements of Commissioners for executing the Purposes of this Act, who ought to be assessed by the Appeals, and

feid respective Commissioners of Appeal, and to enter (he fame in proper Books for thatTurpose, ana all Statements of

such other Acts as the said respective Commissioners of Appeal shall, in the Execution of the said Act, di- income from

rest; and the said respective Commissioners of Appeal shall, with the Consent and Approbation of the General Com-

Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, allow to such Clerk such Salary or Reward for each Day’s At- {SchCleric tobe

tendance as the said respective Commissioners of Appeal, with such Approbation as aforesaid, shall order, paid, with the

notexceeding the Rate at which Attornies or Solicitors are usualiy paid for the like Work 5 which Sums so Approbation of

ordered and allowed, the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank, or the respective Receivers General, on the the Tax officci

Production of the Certificates signed by two or more of such respective Commissioners of Appeal, certi-

tying the Number of Days on which such Clerk attended them, shall pay out of any Monies in their Hands General, on

of the Duties granted by the said first recited Act. Certificate of his Attendance, Ac. by the Commissioners;

XXIV. And be it further eha&ed, That whenever Money shall be wanting to defray the incidental Ex-

perxxs of the said first recited Act, if the Cashier or Cashiersof the Bank of England, or the respective Re-

ceivers General, shall not have then received, and have in his or their Hands sufficient Monies of the Duties

granted by this Act, it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of

them, from Time to Time to direct such Cashier or Cashiers, or the respective Receivers General, to ad-

vance and pay, out of any Publick Monies in their Hands, such Sums as shall be required for the said Pur-

pofcs, and to replace the feme from Time to Time out of the first Monies that shall come into their Hands

respectively of the said Duties by this Act granted.

XXV • And

Treasury may

order the Bank

or Receivers

General to

advance Money

for incidental

Expenses.

