A

T A B L E

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the Fifth Session of the Eighteenth

Parliament of Great Britain, in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of

GEORGE III.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

Anno 41 Georgii III.

)# AN Act to prohibit, until the first Day of November

one thousand eight hundred and one, the Exporta-

tion of Rice; and to indemnify all Persons who have been

concerned in preventing the Exportation thereof, or in

the Nonperformance of any Contrafts and Agreements

that shall not have been performed in consequence there,

of. Pap 537

1. An Act to authorize his Majesty from Time to Time,

to prohibit the Exportation of rrovisions or Food. 539

3. An Act to prohibit, until the first Day of January one

thousand eight hundred and two, the Ule of Corn in dif-

tflHng of Spirits or making of Starch. 540

4. An Act for suspending, until the twentieth Day of Autuft

one thousand eight hundred and one, the Duties on Hops

imported, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof. 542

5. An Act for continuing, until the Expiration of forty Days

after the Commencement of the first Session of Parliament

that shall be begun and holden after the first Day of Sip-

Umbtr one thousand eight hundred and one, several Laws

relating to the prohibiting the Exportation, and permitting

the Importation, of Corn and other Articles of Provision,

without Payment of Duty; to the allowing the Use of

Sugar in the brewing of Beer; to the reducing the Duties

upon Spirits distillea from Melasses and Sugar: and to the

prohibiting the making of Low Wines or Spirits from

wheat, and certain other Articles, in that Part of Great

Britain called Scotland* 543

41 Geo. Ill*

6. An Act for shortening, until the twenty-fifth Day of

March one thousand eight hundred and one, the Time of

keeping in Steep for malting, Barley damaged by Rain in

the late Harvest. Page 544

7* An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty cer-

tain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for

the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred and

one. 545

8. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a

Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in Eng-

land* Wales* and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed y and

certain Duties on .Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for

the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred and

one. ibid*

9. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the

twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of

the Poor. 546

10. An Act for granting Bounties on the Importation of

Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Pease, Beans, and Indian

Corn, and of Barley, Rye, Oat, and Indian Meal, and

Wheaten Flour and Rice. ibid.

11. An Act to permit, until the first Day of October one

thousand eight hundred and one, the Importation of Her- -

rings and other Kifh, the Produce of the Fiftiery carried

on in Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Newfoundland, and

on the Coast of Labrador, into this Kingdom, without

Payment of Duty. 551

iz. An Act for making better Provision for the Maintenance

of the Poor, and for diminishing the Consumption of

e Bread

