402

Certain Vessels

'exempted fiom

Payment of

such Duties.

Treasury may

order the Da-

ties to be re-

duced, and af-

terwards raised

No Vessel upon

which the Du-

ty is imposed

shall be cleared

Inwards unltfs

it be nrft paid.

Tonnage /hall

be ascertained

according to the

Register under

26 Geo.3.. c.6o.

Owners of Vef-

fels maydemand

from Importers

a Proportion of

Duties.'

Duties to be

paid into the

Exchequer, and

a Separate Ac-

tount to be kept

Application of

Butics.

From October 1,

1800, the fol-

lowing recited

and all otltr.r

Acts, in so tar

as th<ry relate to

the Ptnorrrunce

cf q<ui anting,

repealed.

*6 Gco.i. c. 6.

*9 Geo. 2. c. 3.

C. 80. Anno 39® 6c 40° Georgii III. A. D. 1800.

or any Part thereof, shall h^ve performed Quarantine* in this Kingdom, and which Ship or Vessel shall

enter Inwards in the Port of London, an additional Duty of one Shilling: all which several and respec-

tive Duties shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, and shall be sued for, recovered, and accounted forr

in the same Manner, and subject to the same Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Duties

of Custome are now subject to determined by Law, as far as the fame are applicable thereto: Provided always, That

no Snip or Vessel arriving in this Kingdom from any Port or Place whatever, except from any Part of Tur-

key* or from any Part or Place in Africa within the Streights of Gibraltar, or in the West Barbary on the

Atlantic Ocean, with a clean Bill of Health, in Ballad, or whose Cargo shall consist wholly of Salt, shall

be liable to or charged with any Duty under this Act: Provided also, That no Ship or Vessel which shall*

together with its Cargo, have duly performed Quarantine in the Lazarets of Malta, Ancona, Venice, Medina,

Leghorn, or one of them, and shall fail from thence, and arrive in this Kingdom, with proper Documents

and Vouchers attesting the fame, to the Satisfaction of his Majesty, his Heirs or Succeflurs, or of his or

their Privy Council, shall be liable to or charged with any Duty under this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if after the Repayment (in the Manner herein-

after mentioned) to the Consolidated Fund, of the said Sum of sixty-five thousand Pounds, hereby directed

to be issued out of the fame, it shall appear to the Lord High Treasurer or the Lords Commissioners of his

Majesty’s Treasury for the Time being, that the Duties hereby granted are more than sufficient to defray

the necessary Expences of carrying the several Purposes of this Act into Execution, it shall and

may be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners for the Time being, from Time to

Time, by any Warrant or Warrants under the Hands of the said Lord High Treasurer, or of the said Lords

Commissioners for the Time being, or of any three or more of the said Lords Commissioners, to order and

direct that the Duties hereby gurnted shall be reduced in such Proportion and Manner as they shall

think proper; and also by like Warrant or Warrants (in case the said necessary Expences should

afterwards require an Increase of the said Duties) to order and direct that the fame shall be again raised and

increased to any Amount, not exceeding the Sums hereby authorized to be raised and levied ; and such

Warrant or Warrants shall be sufficient Authority to the Commissioners and Officers of the Cus-

toms for railing, levying, collecting, and recovering the several and respective Duties specified and contained

in such Warrant or Warrants ; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Ship or Vessel, upon which the Tonnage Duty by this Act im-

posed shall be due and payable, shall be permitted to be cleared Inwards in any Port of Great Britain* or the'

islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, unless the said Tonnage Duty shall have been firftdulv

paid to the proper Officers of the Customs appointed to receive the same, or the Commissioners of the Cus-

toms shall otherwise direct; and that the Tonnage of every Ship or Vessel shall be computed and taken,

for the Purpose of ascertaining the said Duties, according to the Register thereof, under the Provisions of an

Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An Act for the further In-

crease and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation ; and in case of any Dispute or Doubt relative thereto

the lame shall be ascertained by Admeasurement, in the Mode and Manner prescribed in the said last-men-

tioned Ait.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Owner or Owners of any Ship and

Vessel, inrespect of which any of the Duties imposed by this Act shall have been paid, to demand arid re-

ceive from the respective Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees of any Goods or Merchandizes brought or

imported in any such Ship or Vessel, such Sum or Sums of Money as mall be equal to the just and reasonable

Contribution, which the Proportion that such Goods and Merchandize bear to the Tonnage Burthen of the

Ship shall require, and no more; such Proportion to be ascertained according to the Usage of Merchants

in like Cafes.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Monies arising from the Duties hereby granted, shall be paid into

the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, and carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund; and

that in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, rhere shall be provided and

kept a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Duties, and paid into the said Receipt,

shall be entered Separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Sue-

cefiors, upon any Account whatsoever.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Money so raised, levied, collected, and paid, shall be applied in

the first Place to defray the annual Expences of the said Floating Lazaret and Land Lazaret, and all other

annual Expences which shall be incurred in the Execution of this Act; and in the next Place, to makegood

any Money that shall have been issued from the Consolidated Fund for the first erecting of the said Lazaret,

and for providing the necessary and convenient Accommodations thereto belonging in Manner herein-before

mentioned, and to no other Purpose whatsoever.

V III. 4 And whereas it is expedient that the several Acts of Parliament now in force for performing Qua-

* rantine, should be reduced into one Act, and that further Provision should be made for obliging Sh’ps and

4 Persons coming from Places infected with or subject to the Plague, or any infectious Disease or Diflcmper

4 of the Nature of the Plague, to perform Quarantine in such Manner as shall be directed by Proclamation

4 or by Order of his M r*jcity in Council, and lor punching Offenders against such Ordersbeitcnadlcd, That,

from and alter the tuft Day of 0richer one thousand eight hundred, an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of

the Reign of his Majdfy King GVtfrft’thejSecnnd, intituled, An Act to oblige Ships more pffcdiually to perform their

Pfnor online, and j or the bitter pi eventing the Plague being brought from Foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ire-

land, or the ijles of G uernfey, Jerley, Alderney, Sark, or Man ; another Act, passed in the twenty-ninth Year

of the fame Re ign, intituled. An A d, to repeal a Clause in an Act, made in the twenty sixth Tear cf his present

Aldjefy, intituiect, An Act to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their Quarantine, and for the better pre-

* venting the Plague being brought from Foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the Ijles of Guern-

+ . ‘ fcy>

