128

From Mny 20,

1799, the Duty

impot'c (l by the

recited Act on

Raw Linen

Yarn imported

from t'russia,

repealed j

#nd instead

thereof there

shall be levied

3I. for every

aool. of the Va-

lue of the Raw

Linen Yarn

imported.

The Value to be

ascertained by

thcReguLtions,

and the Goods

to be subject to

Che Conditions

prescribed by

the recited Act,

See.

* Continuance of

the A&•

37GC0.3.C.103.

38 Geo. 3.

CC. 12, 44.

370*0.3 c. 103.

His MajtAy’s

Lieutenant,

with two or

more Deputy

Lieutenants,Ac.

shall meet on

Au? i, 1799,

a no diicd Lifts

to be made out

of Men from 19

to 30 (indead of

23) Years of

Age, and their

Names to be put

into a box in

which the

Names of the

Person* at pre-

C. 61, 62. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

4 expedient to repeal the said Duty on Raw Linen Yarn, known by the Names of EnnlandYarn, Lithuania

'Yarn, and T<r,v Yarn, being the Production of any of the Territories or Dominions of his Majesty the

• King of Prussia, and imported into this Kingdom directly from any Part of the said Territories or Domi-

4 nions; and to impose in lieu thereof a Duty of three Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the true and

4 real Value of such Raw Linen Yarn so imported:* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual-and 'Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after die twentieth Day of

May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the Duty imposed by the said recited Act on Raw Linen

Yarn, known by the Names of Ermland Yarn, Lithuania Yarn, and Tow Yarn, being the Production of

any of the Territories or Dominions of his Majesty the King of Praffia, and imported into this Kingdom

directly from any Part of the said Territories or Dominions, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed (favev

and except in all Cafes relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof which may remain unpaid,

or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any Time before

the passing of this Adf).

II. And be it further enacted. That, from and after the said twentieth Day of May one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-nine, in lieu and in (lead of the said Duty hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied,

collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in*eady Money, without any Discount

whatever, upon the Importation of such Raw Linen Yarn, being the Production of any of the Territories or

Dominions of his Majesty the King of Prussia, and imported into this Kingdom directly from any Part of

the said Territories or Dominions, a Duty of Customs of three Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the

true and real Value of such Raw Linen so imported.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Value of such Raw Ljnen Yarn so imported, shall beafeertaioed

by such Rules and Regulations, and the Goods shall be subject and liable to such and the like Conditions,

Restrictions, Forfeitures, and Penalties, as are prescribed, directed, and imposed, by the said recited Act

in the Cafe of Goods imported into this Kingdom from Europe, and thereby subject to Duty according to

the Value thereof; and that the Duties by this Act imposed shall be managed, raised, levied, collected,

answered, paid, secured, recovered, appropriated, and applied, in such and the like Manner, and in and by

the like Ways, Means, or Methods, as the Duties of Customs imposed on Goods imported into this King-

dom from Europe, and which are subjedf to Duty according to the Value thereof, are by the said recited Ac!

managed, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, recovered, appropriated, and applied.

IV. And be it further eoadled, That this Act shall have Continuance during such Time as the said recited

Act shall remain in Force, and no longer.

CAP. LX1L

An Act to amend an Act made in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present

Majesty, and two Acts made in the last Session of Parliament, for raising a Militia Force

in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland. — [21ft June 1799. J

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti-

tuled, An Act} to raise and embody a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain

4 called Scotia fid, his Majesty’s Lieutenant for each County, Stewartry, City, or Place, within Scotland,

4 was authorized, in Manner therein directed, to cause fair and true Lifts to be made out in Writing of all the

4 Men usually and at that Time dwelling within their respective ParHhcs and Places, between the Ages of

4 nineteen and twenty-three inclusive ; from which Lifts amended and returned as by the aforesaid Act di-

4 redled, the several Regiments of Militia now serving in Scotland have (incc been b allot ted and embodied: And

4 whereas the original Lifts arc in several Places exhausted, and in others reduced to so (mail a Number as to

• bear hard upon such Parishes and Places; and it is expedient and just that such Persons as hare ftnee at-

4 tained their nineteenth Year should have their Names included in the Lifts of Persons liable to serve in the

4 Mditia ; and it has been found from Experience that the aforesaid Period is too limited : May it therefore

4 pleafeyour Majesty that it may be enacted;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons* in this present Par-

liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, .'That his Majesty’s Lieutenant for each County, Stew-

artry, City, or Place, together With any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, and on the Death or Removal, or

in the Absence of his Majesty^ Lieutenant, the Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, shall, on

the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, meet at the fame Borough or principal

Town of the County, Stewartry, or Place, where they hitherto have usually met for the Purposes of the

Militia Acts, and shall in like Manner and Form, as directed by the aforesaid Act, proceed to idue Di-

rections for making out fair and true Lifts in Writing of all the Alen usually and at that 'Time dwelling

within their respective Parishes and Places, from and alter the Age of nineteen Years complete, and not

exceeding the Age of thirty Years complete; and such Lifts, being afterwards amended as the Cafe may

require, and in the fame Mode, and under the fame Regulations as is by the aforesaid Act prescribed, the

said Lieutenant, or failing of him, any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, together with any one or more

Justices of the Peace lawfully assembled in a General Meeting to be held lor that Purpose, (lull declare the

Lid Lift so made up and amended to be the Lift of Persons liable to serve in the Militia, and i\\all cause

the Names of all the Militia Men in each Parish, written or printed on distinct Pieces of Paper, being all

as near as may be of equal Size, and rolled up in the same Manner, to be put into tae Box or other

#a Vcifcl,

y

C. oooole

