A.D. 1800.

Anno 390 & 40* Gbokgii III* C. xlvii. 495

of that Time* the Owner or Owners thereof shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty

Shillings for every Hour the fame shall remain after the Expiration of the said forty-eight Hours.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons whomsoever shall wilfully or

maliciously cut, break, or in any Manner destroy any Rope or other Thing, by which any Ship or other

Vessel lying in the said Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, or Cuts, shall be moored or fattened, such Person

or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds nor less than

five Pounds: Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall hinder or restrairt the Dock Matter or

Dock Matters, to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, or his or their Assistance or Afiittants, from exer-

cifing, in a due and reasonable Manner, any of the Powers or Authorities hereby vetted in them,

LXXXVIII. 4 And, for preventing Accidents by Fire in the said Docks or Basons, or Cuts or other

4 Works,’ be it further ena<Sed, That no Person whomsoever shall have or keep, or cause to.be had or kept,

any Fire, Candle, or Lamp, lighted on board any Ship or other Vessel within the same, at any Time or

Times whatsoever between the twenty-ninth Day of September and the twenty-fifth Day of March in every

Year, after the Hour of Seven in*the Evening or before the Hour of Seven in the Morning, nor at arty

Time or Times whatsoever between the twenty-fifth Day of March and the Twenty*ninth Day of Septem~

her in every Year after the Hour of Eight in the Evening or before the Hour of five in the Morning, upon

pain of forfeiting for every Offence the Sum of five Pounds.

LXXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Person whafhafl have or keep,

or cause to be had or kept, any Fire, Candle, or Lamp lighted on board any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid,

cannot bediscovered, then and in such case the Matter, or Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel* shall be,

and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the aforesaid Penalty of five Pounds.

Penalty again/!*

dcftioying the

Ropes of Vef-

fels, from aok

to 5J.

Regulations for

preventing Ac-

cidents by Fire*

Penalty 5I.

Masters and

Owners liable to-'

the Penalty.

44 Bell to be rung to put out Lights, fcfr. § 90.” -

XCI. And be it further enacted, That no Pitch, Tar, Rofiif, Turpentine, Oil, or ether combustible

Matter, shall at any Time hereafter be boiled or heated on board any Ship or other Vessel, Lighter, Craft,

or Boat lying in the said Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, or Cuts or other Works, or any of them, nor

in any Place or Places within the said Dock Premises, or Cuts, except in such Place or Places, and in such

Manner as shall be specially appointed by the said Directors, or any Thirteen or more of them, for that

Purpose; nor shall any Gunpowder or loaded Gun whatever be brought into the said Docks, Basons, or Cuts,

or be suffered to remain on board any Ship, or any other Vessel, upon pain that every Matter, Commander,

or Owner of every Ship or Vessel so offending in Manner as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every Offence the Sum

of five Pounds.

XCII. And be it further enh&ed. That all Ships or Vessels going into the said Dock or Bason, Docks

or Basons, or Cuts, or any of them, shall and may lie there to unload, on paying the above Rates, for the

Space of six Weeks to be computed from the Time of going into the fame; and all such Ships or Vessels

shall be liable to, and actually pay, if so required, an increased or further Weekly Rent of one Farthing per

Ton, during two Weeks, and from and after the Expiration of the said two Weeks, shall pay, if so required,

a still further Rate of one Halfpenny per Ton for each and every Week that the said Ship or other Vessel shall

continue there longer; and that the said Dock Matter or Dock Masters shall, and they are hereby authorized

and directed, upon giving five Days previous Notice in Writing to the Masters or Owners thereof respect-

ively, to order out all light Ships, and such as are unfit for Service, whenever the fame shall incumber the

said Bason or Dock, Batons or Docks, or Cuts, or any of them, or impede the Business thereof; and all

and every such Dock Matter or Dock Matters, or Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel, who shall re-

sute or negle<3 so to do,* shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of five Pounds for every such Refusal or

Neglect; and in case of Neglect or Refusal, the Dock Master or Dock Masters, his or their Assistant or

Attistants, may remove or cause to be removed all such Vessels out of the said Docks and Basons, or Cuts,

or any of them, and lay or moor the fame in any Part of the River Thames, within High Water Mark, as

conveniently as may be ; and that upon the Demand of Payment being made by such Dock Matter or Dock

Masters, Assistant or Aflistants, from the Owner or Owners, Matters, Commanders, or Agents of such

Ship or Ships, or other Vessel or Vessels, of the Charges of removing and mooring such Ships or other Vessels;

(such Charges and Expences being first allowed by the said Directors, or any thirteen or more of them ;)

and upon Neglect or refusal of such Charges so allowed as aforesaid for the Space of five Days, it shall be re-

coverable by Distress and Sale of such Ship or Vessel, or any of her Tackel, Apparel, or Furniture, or any

Part thereof, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducing the Charges of taking, keeping, and felling of

such Distress, to the Owner or Owners, Matter, Fador or Agents, of or for such Ship or Vessel, upon the

fame being demanded.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That the Matter or Owner of every Ship, or otherVeflel, Lighter, Barge,

Raft, or Craft whatsoever, lying or being in the said Dock or Bason, Docks or Basons, or Cuts, shall be,

and is, and are hereby made answerable to the said Company for the Amount or Value of any Mischief or

Damage that shall be done by any of the Servants, Boatmen, Bargemen, or other Person or Persons on

board the fame, to the said Baton or Dock, Basons or Docks, or Cuts or Quays, or Wharfs or, other Works

to be made by virtue of this Act, or any of them, with full Costs of Suit, and that such Damage and Costs

shall and may be sued for and recovered in Manner herein-after mentioned.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, Th^t the Matter or Owner of every Ship, Boat, Barge,

Lighter, or otherVeflel, shall be and is hereby made answerable for any Damage, Spoil, of

Mischief, that shall be done by any Ship, Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, or any of the Boat-

men, Watermen, or others belonging to or employed in or about the fame, unto the Docks,

Basons,.

Pitch, Tar, &c*

to be melted

only in Places

appointed by

the Dire dors*

Penalty 5k

Vfcflcls may lie

to unload withi*

the Dock, for

six Weeks ; up-

on Payment of

Jd. per Ton for

the fir A two

Weeks, and Jd.

more for every

further Week.

Power for Dock

Matter or his

Assistant to or-

der out light

V«ll*ls;

and on every

Ucgled to for-

feit 5I. and re-

move them.

Upon non-pay-

ment, such Pe-

nalties to be le-

vied by Disttefs.

Matters and

Owners ot Vtf-

fels answerable

for Damages

done by their

own Servants of

others on board*

And by the

Vcfftta.

V

.

Googb

