318 C. 44.

Anno 39° fe 40* Georgii III. A. D. 1800.

1 C.ip.

Receivers Ce-

ntral of the

Taxes 10 pay

certain Allow-

ances to Adju-

tants and Ser-

jeant Majors re-

duced, and Ser-

jeants disembo-

died in puifu-

ance of recited

A&.

Commanding

Officers of Mi-

litia shall give

to such as are

entitled to the

Allowance, a

Certificate, spe-

cifying the Pe-

riod to which

they received

Pay, fromwhich

their Allow-

ances shall com-

n.ence.

Certificates

shall be irdorfed

by the Miniltcr

and Church-

wardens of the

Place of Refi-

dence of Adju-

tant, &c. and

lodged with the

Receiver Gene-

rtral, who shall

jny the Money

then due, and

give Order to

the Collcflor

of the Party’s

Place of Rtfi-

der.ee lor Pay-

ment of the

Allowance from

Time to Time,

Ac.

Rules^o heoo-

Irrvtd by Adju-

tants, Sc c.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for granting, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and

one, certain Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of Militia, dif-

embodied under an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled. An Act for enabling his

Majesty to accept the Services of an additional Number of Volunteers from the Militia,

under certain Rejlriftions. [30th May 1800.]

4 \T 7 HERE AS in pursuance of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament*, intituled. An At\

' 4 \ V for enabling his Majesty to accept the Services of an additional Number of Volunteers from the MilitiaI

4 under certain Re/triflions, certain of the Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the said Militia have been and

4 may be reduced, and certain of the Serjeants have been and may be disembodied: And vmereas it is ex-

4 pedient that some Provision should be made for the said Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants, dur-

4 ing the Time and under the Rcstrictions hereinafter prefenbed:’ May it therefore please your Majesty

that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's mutt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of die Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefenc Parliament assembJed,

and by the Authority of the same. That in, every County, Riding, or Place, within that Part of Greet Bri-

tain called England, where any Part of the Militia shall have been disembodied in pursuance of the said

recited Act, the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, and other the Duties under the Manage-

ment of the Commiffior.ers for the Affairs of Taxes, for such County, Riding or Place respectively, shall

ifltie and pay, or cause to be paid, the whole Sums required, in the Manner hereinafter expressed, to every

reduced Adjutant and Serjeant Major, and to such of the disembodied Serjeants as shall have served at lealt

one Year as Serjeants, and shall have obtained Certificates of their good Behaviour from their respective

Commanding Officers ; that is to say, to every reduced Adjutant an Allowance of three Shillings a Day,

to every reduced Serjeant Major, an Allowance of one Shilling a Day, with the Addition of two Shillings

and Sixpence a Week, and for every such disembodied Serjeant as aforesaid, an Allowance of one Shilling

a Day.

II. 4 And in order that such Allowances may be the more eafiiy made at the respective Places of Rest-

4 dence of such Adjutant, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants,’ be it further enacted. That the Commanding

Officer of every Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of such Militia, shall make or cause to be made out in

Writing, and shall lign and cause to be delivered to the Adjutant, Serjeant Major, and each Serjeant en-

titled to the said Allowance as aforesaid, a Certificate of his Service as such Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or

Serjeant, in such Form and with such Description as he shall think necessary, specifying the Day on which

such Adjutant, Serjeant Major, and Serjeant was reduced or disembodied as aforesaid, and the Period up

to which he received Pay according to his Rank in the Militia; and every such Adjutant, Serjeant Major,

and Serjeant, shall be entitled to the Allowance herein-before expressed, from the Tfcrmination of the Pe-

riod last mentioned, at the Times and in the Manner, and for the Period herein-after mentioned, without

Deduction or Abatement on any Account whatever.

III. And be it further enacted, That every such Adjutant, Serjeant Major, and Serjeant, upon obtain-

ing such Certificate, shall procure the feme to be indorsed with a Certificate of the Parish or Place of his

actual Residence, under the Signatures of the Minister and Churchwardens (or any two of them) of such

Parish or Place, which Certificate such Minister and Churchwardens respectively are hereby required to

give without Fee or Reward, and shall forthwith lodge the fame so indorsed with the Receiver or one of

the Receivers General of the County, Riding, or Place, within which he shall reside, to be by such Re-

ceiver General filed and preserved for the Purposes herein-after mentioned, such Receiver General givinga

Receipt for the fame to such Adjutant, Serjeant Maior, or Serjeant, and every such Receiver General

shall forthwith pay to every such Adjutant, Serjeant Major, and Serjeant, the full Amount of the Money

then due to'him under this Act, and shall within seven Days thereafter cause an Order to be delivered to

one of the Collectors of the said fevera! Rates and Duties for the Parish or Place mentioned in the Indorse-

ment upon any such Certificate as the Residence of the Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or Serjeant, to whom the

Certificate shall relate respectively, for the Payment from Time to Time of the Allowance given by this

Act, either Weekly, Monthly, or Quarterly, as the Person entitled thereto may demand the fame, and

every such Cplleftor shall pay the Allowances, directed by any such Order to be paid, out of any publick

Monies he rriay then have in his Hands, or if he shall have no such Monies then out of the First publick

Monies he shall thereafter receive, as long as any Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or Serjeant, shall reftde in

the feme Panfli or Place, and shall continue entitled to the Allowance under this Act *uch Collector taking

proper Receipts from l ime to Time for such Payments ; and it shall be lawful for such Collector to re-

tain in his Hands, with the Consent of such Receiver General from Time to Time, sufficient of the publick

Monies received by him, for the Payment in full of all such Allowances for the Period of one Quarter

of a Year next ensuing ; and all such Payments made by such Collector shall be allowed in his Accounts

with the respective CornmilTioners of the said Duties,"and with the respective Receivers General, and the said

several Sums of Money, so paid by such Collectors and Receivers General respectively shall be allowed in the

Accounts of such Receiver General out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax, which shall be received or

receivable by such Receiver General.

IV. And be i; further enacted, That as often as any such Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or Serjeant, shall

change his Place of Residence to any other Parish or Place within the same County or Riding in which

he

