548 C. io. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A. D. 1800.

€ or Owners, Consignee or Consignee* thereof, and Buyers thereof respectively 5 and also the Names

* of the Persons who (baH have certified the fame together with the Date of such Certificate; and

€ that I will not in any Cafe return any Prices or Quantities more than once for the fame Com,

4 Grain, or Pulse, to the best of my Knowledge and Judgement, aonformable to the Directions of the

« aa

said Act.*

Which Declaration shall be in Writing, and shall be subscribed with the Hand of such Corn Factor, or

Importer of Corn, Grain, or Pulse, and shall be by him or his Agent forthwith delivered to the Lord

Mayor of the City of London for the Time being, who is hereby required to grant a Certificate thereof,

without any Fee being paid or payable for the fame, to be registered by the Inspector of Corn Returns;

and in case any Person shall carry on the Trade'or Bufinefe of a Corn Fa<5ior or Importer without making

the said Declaration agreeably to the Directions of this Act, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum

of fifty Pounds.

VII. And be it further-enacted. That every such Corn Factor and Importer shall and he is hereby re-

quired to return or cause to be returned, on the IVedneJlay Morning, before the Hour of Twelve in the

Forenoon, in each and every Week, to the said Inspector of Corn Returns, at his Office, an Account in

Writing, in the Form in the Schedule to this A ft annexed, finned with his own Name, or the Name of

his known Agent, of the Quantities of each respective Sort or Foreign Corn, Grain, or Pulse, that (Jull

have been so examined and certified as aforesaid, and by him,fold and delivered during the Week imme-

diately preceding such Wednesday, reckoning such Week from Sunday to Sunday, with the Prices thereof,

and the Amount of every Parcel, with the total Quantity and Value of each Sort of Corn, Grain, or

Pulse, with the Names of the Owner or Owners, Consignee or Consignees thereof, and Buyers thereof,

and the Names of the Persons who shall have certified the fame, together with the Date of such Certifi-

cate 5 and every such Corn Factor or Importer shall, for every such Neglect therein, and every Omission

in any such Return, and every false Particular in any such Return, either as to Quantities,Prices, or Names

of Buyers, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted. That the said Inspector of Corn Returns shall duly and regularly enter

into a Book or Books, to be provided and kept for that Purpose, the several Accounts of Quantities and

Prices of Foreign Corn, Grain, and Pulse, received by him from the respective Corn Factors or Importers,

and the fame shall not be made publick or shewn by the said Inspector, or with his Privity or Conient, to any

Person whatsoever, unless the fame shall be called for or required by the Receiver of Corn Returns, or (half,

be required by any Order in Writing under the Hand of the Lord Mayor, or any two of the Aider-

men of the said City, or the Commissioners of his JVlajesty’s Customs, or any two or more of them,

tinder the Penalty and Forfeiture of the Sum of ten Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted. That the said Inspector of Corn Returns shall; and he is hereby required,

every Week, to make up, compute, and distinguish, from the Returns by him received pursuant to the Dt*

rections of this Act, in that Week, the general aggregate Quantity and the Price of each respective Sort of

Foreign Com, Grain, or Pulse, that shall have been returned as examined and certified? and sola and delivered

io and during the Week for which such Returns shall have been made as aforesaid, in the City of Louden

and Suburbs thereof; and shall keep in a distinct Book the Entries of all Returns of Corn, Grain, or Pulse,

that shall have been returned as certified for the Purpose of Bounties being paid thereon under this Act, from

all other Foreign Corn returned to such Inspector, under an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of his present

Majesty’s Reign; and the said Inspector of Corn Returns shall make up and compute the Average Prices of

each respeective Sort of such Corn, Grain, or Pulse, fold and delivered during such Week, from such

Corn, Grain, or Pulse only as shall have been certified for the Purpose of Bounties being paid thereon, purfu-

ant to the Provisions of this Act; and he is hereby directed, on the Friday in every Week, to transmita Copy

of the Account of the said Average Prices to the Receiver of Corn Returns, who is hereby required to

enter the fame in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and forthwith to transmit a Certificate of such

Average Prices of each refoective Sort of Foreign Corn, Grain, or Pulse, signed by him, to his Majesty’s

Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs of the Port of London, and cause a Copy thereof to be hung

up in fume publick Place in the Custom House, to which all Persons may resort; and the Payment of the

Bounties herein-before granted shall be governed and regulated by such Average Prices, in the Manner

herein-before directed, until new Average Prices shall be made up and computed in Manner by this Act di-

rected ; and such Receiver of Corn Returns shall also cause the fame to be publiftied in the London Gazette on

every Saturday Night, and shall also transmit the fame to the several and respective Collectors or other Chief

Officers of the Customs at the several Ports in this Actdescribed, and the said respective Collectors and other

Chief Officers are hereby required to receive and enter the fame in a Book or Books to be kept for that Pur-

pose, and to cause a Copy thereof to be hung up in some publick Place in the Custom House thereto belong-

ing, to which all Persons may resort; and the Payment of the said Bounties, at every such Port, shall be go-

verned and regulated by such Average Prices, in Manner herein-before directed, until new Average Prices

shall in like Manner be made up and computed, and a Certificate thereof shall be transmitted to such Col-

lectors or Chief Officers respectively, and be by them received.

the other Ports.

Bounty upon X. And be it further ena£Ved, That in all Cafes where any Wheaten Flour imported into this Kingdom

Whtaten Flour ftom ^merica before the first Day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, being of the usual Quality

r™ gf Superfine Wheaten Flour, shall not, upon the first publick Sale thereof by Auction in this Kingdom,

made

'sriiich shall be

delivered to

the Lord

Mayor, and

tiered by the

Jflfpedlor of

Com Returns.

Penalty for not

making the De-

claration 5®1.

Com Factors

/hall make

Wetkly Re-

turn* to the

inspedlor ef

Corn Returns,

of t)>e Quanti-

ties of Foreign

Corn fold. Ice,

Penalty for

Negkdl 2oL

Inspector /hall

enter the Ac-

counts which

ihalJ not be

made pubbek

without Au-

• thority, on

Fenalry of

id.

Jnfj5e«n©r /Hall

snake up

Weekly Ac-

counts of the

aggregate

Quantity and

Fhce of each

Sort returned,

and keep En-

tries of Returns

as certified for

Bounties, &c.

<bftin£ from

those under 31

Geo. 3. c. 30.

and shall trans-

trrft the Average

Prices every

Friday to the

Receiver of

Corn Return*,

who shall

transmit a

Certificate

thereof to the

Ceik&or of the

Customs in

London.

Such Certifi-

cate shall be

published in the

CrtZfctte every

Saturday, and

transmitttd to

the Colic ft or* at

imported from

Aiutcica.

