C. 99. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A. D. 1799*

CAP. XCIX.

An Act to encourage the Trade into the Levant Seas^ by providing a more convenient

Mode of performing Quarantine, and for reducing the Duty granted by an Act of the

last Section, on Goods the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to any Place within*

the Streights Gibraltar[12th July 1799.]'

*€Geo. m. c. 18, ^ tT WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-hxth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty KingGm;^

■ceited. 4 yV the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas, it is

4 amoiTgft other Things enacted, that no Goods or Merchandites liable to retain the Infection of the

, 4 Plague, and coming from the Levant without a clean Bill of Hedth, shall be landed in any Part of Great

4 Britain or Ireland, or of the Ifks of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, unless it shall appear to the

4 Satisfaction of his Majesty, his Heirs or Succellbrs, or of his or their Privy Council, that the said Goods*

• or Merchandizes have t>ecn fufliciently opened and aired in the Lazarets of Malta, Ancona, Venice, Mef

4 Jinn, Leghorn, Genoa> and Marfeiiles, or one of them : And whereas it is expedient to permit Goods and

4 Merchandize to be imported from the Levant under certain Regulations and Reductions, without having

4 been opened and aired as dire£fed by the said recited Act : May it therefore please your Majesty. that it

4 may be enafte»i \ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

His Majesty, the Authority of the inWtc, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful to and for his

by Order io. Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, by any Orderor

Council, may Orders to be issued frdm Time to Time, to grant Licence and Permission for the Importation into Great

i^rry oi Goods Britain, or the (Hands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, of all Goods, Wares, and Merchan-

coming fromche dizes, coming from the Levant Seas without clean Bills of Health, without such Goods and Merchandizes

Levant Sea?, having been opened and aired in the Lazarets of any of the Ports or Places mentioned in the said recited Act,

without clean and that all such Goods and Merchandizes shall and may be admitted to an Entry in any of the Ports of

?ruachh, Great Britain* or the said lljandsof Guernsey, Jersey,Alderney, Sark, and Mans subject neverthelefe to such

Good^flia^not Regulations, Rules, Orders, and Directions, with respect to opening and airing such Goods and Merchaq-

have been aired dizes previous.to the landing thereof, and to the Performance of Quarantine by the Crews or other Persons

mrhe Lazartts belonging to or being on Board of the Ships or Vessels in which such Goods or Merchandizes shall be

mentioned in imported, as his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, shall, by any Oder or Orders to be

to such ^ued as a^ore^a^> make, prescribe, or direct ; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwith-

Keguhtions and (Lnding.

Performance of quarantine as his Majesty by Order shall diyeft.

Non observance II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Regulations; R\i1es, Orders, and Directrom*

ftaMrui^ea the rnac^e» Prescribed, °* directed, in such Order, shall not be duly observed and practised by all and every the Per-

Dclholters to ^ons belonging to or being on Board any Ship or Veflelin which such Goods or Merchandize shall be im-

the Penalties ported as aforesaid, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, then and in every such Cafe fuefr

Infti&ed byre, rerfon or Perlpns Xhall be ftibjeft and liable to all such Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilicies, as are

eited A$. inflicted by the said Act of his late Majesty for Offences committed contrary to the said Act, as if this Act*

or any Order of his Majesty in pursuance thereof, had not been made.

The Duty im- IIL And be it fcirther enacted. That so^much of an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign df

pored by 38 his present MajestyJntituled, An Act for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting

*Ceo. 3. c- 76. new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of certain Ships cu-

JTableC) ofal. ^r'ing outwards or inwards, to or from Foreign Parts, until signing the Preliminary Articles of Peace, as im-

oft he Va lu^of P°^s a Duty of two Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Goods, Ware6*.

British Goods and Merchandize, the Growth, Produce,.or Manufacture of Great Britain, exportedto any Port or Place

♦ xjjorted to any whatever,.not being within Europe, so far as relates to any such Goods* Wares, or Merchandize, exported

Place not i* to any Port or piace within the Streights of Gibraltar, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease

*UrclTtcs to ail<^ and be no longer paid or payable.

Goods exported to any Place within the Streightt of Gibraltar^ shall etafe j

and instead IV. And be it further enacted. That, from and after the passing of this Act* there shall be raised, fevird,

thereof 10s. for C0Uefted, and paid,’unto his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon all Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, of

Valu^ihailbe Growth, Produce, or Manufacture* (except Sugar, and also such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which

paid ; by any special Prov.ifion in the said last recited Act are exempt from the respective Duties therehy im-

Bx^ptions. pofcdj expoited from this Kingdom to any Port or Place within the Streights of Gibraltar, a Duty of

ton Shillings for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof ; which Duty shall be ma-

naged, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, fscured, and recovered, in such and the like Mao-

ner. Ways, Means, and Methods, and shall be paid,accounted for, and applied, as the Duty hereby repealed

is by the said last recited Act directed to be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, securid*.

recovered, paid, accounted for, and applied*

CAP,.

