5*6 C. civ. Anno $<? & 40* Georgii III. A.D. i$oo.

Cotnn\47H>*rs

ap|‘( intcri wi10

fr.?U u; m Kq.

rttion.

II. 4 And, for the due and regular appointing, and for limiting and ascertaining the Number of the Cotn-

4 missioners of the said (^ourt of Requests,’ be it further enacted, That two Aldermen of the City of London-,

together with not less than twenty Inhabitant Householders of the respective Wards or DistridU herein-after

mentioned (including the Common Council Men for the Time being of the said respective Wards or

Di Uriels) shall be nominated and appointed in such Manner as hath been heretofore accustomed to be Com*

miliioners of, and to lit as usual in the said Court, for one Calendar Month, in the Rotation following; (that

istofjyT) -

In the present Year 1800. For the Month of October of the Ward of Cheap.

— November - Bread Street.

December Cindlewnl:*

13oi. ■- January D rugate*

- ’ February Ft id ye.

- . - March lAaihroolt.

- April - Bnjjifroaw.

- . - 'May Ccrdwainer.

— - June - Cctcman Street*

-—- - 3 Ay - Part ingdon within.

- August - Cripple gate within and without,

—- - September mm foivei'm

—- - October mm Aldgate and Lime Street.

— November Bijhojfate within and without.

— - December Big 2d Street.

1S02. - January - Billing (gate*

—— \February . Corn!, ill.

— March -H. Alderjgote within and without*

— . April - teen forth*

_ . May - CajUe Baynard.

-—— June u Farr ingdon without.

— m July m PGrtjoken*-

-■ - - ■dupujl - Vintry*

— September - Langboum*

And that such Commissioners shall, from Time to Time hereafter, continue to be nominated and appointfd

fresh each of the said Wards or Distridls, in the fame Rotation, for one Calendar Month in every succeeding

two Years; and that they the said Chmmissioners, so to be from Time to Time appointed, or any three or

Tlircc Commis- more Gf them, shall and may, from Time'to Time, have full Power and Authority to hear, examine, and

Ijave?urifdic- determine all Matters in Controversy coming before them, between Party and Party, where the Debt shall

tion ever Debts Hot exceed the Sum of forty Shillings; and that the said Commissioners so to be from Time to Time ap-

r\ot exceeding pointed, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may, from Time to Time, have full Power and Authority

40s and Seven to hear, examine, and determine all Matters in Controversy coming before them, between Party and Party,

ihalihave juris- w^ere the Debt shall not exceed the Sum of five Pounds.

din ion over

Dtbu not exceeding

Commissioners,

in default of a

sufficient Num-

ber of the Rota

attending, may

call to their

AtruUnce

others who are

not in Rotation.

Commissioners

shall take the

following

path.

III. Provided always, and be if further enabled, That if at any Court or Sitting of the said Commission-

ers a sufficient Number of them shall not be present, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners as are i.i At-

tendance to call to their Assistance any other Commissioner, or Com mill! oners, who is, are, or shall be duly

qualified and authorized to act in the said Court for any other Month; and in every such Cafe it shall be law-

ful for such Assistance Commissioner or Commissioners to act in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities

given by this present Adh or by either of the Acts of Parliament herein-before mentioned, in the fame Man-

ner as the Commissioners for the then Current Month ate authorized and empowered to act; any Thing

herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid, or any of them,

shall not be capable of acting as Commissioners or Commissioner in the Execution of any of the Powers and

Authorities given by this present Act, or by either of the before-mentioned Acts of the third Year of King

James the First, and the fourteenth Year of King George the Second, after the thirtieth Day of September

one thousand eight hundred, (except the Power hereby given of administering Oaths to Commissioners,)

until they and he respectively shall have taken an Oath to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

4 T A. B. do swear, That I am possessed, for my own Ufc and Benefit, of Estates or Property of the clear

4 X Amount or Value of one thousand Pounds, over and above ail Incumbrances, and that 1 will faithfully,

4 impartially, and honestly, according tothebeft of my Skill and Knowledge, execute the several Powers and

4 Trusts reposed in me as a Commissioner of the Court of Requcfts in and for the City of London, conform-

4 able to the Directions arid true Intent and Meaning of an Act, passed in the third Year of the Reign of his

4 late Majesty King 'Janies the Kit ft, intituled, An Act for the recovering of Small Debts, and for tkt relieving

4 cf Poor Debtors in London; and of two other Acts of Parliament, passed respectively in the fourteenth Year

4 of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty

4 King George the Third, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual the first mentioned Act, or

4 conformably to the Directions and true Intent and Meaning of such or so much of the fame three Acts of

4 Parliament, as now arc or is in force, and that without Favour or Affcdtion, Prejudice or Malice.

4 So help me GOD.*

Which

C»

