A» D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. xlvii, xlviii. 499

tnonaltyand Citizens of the City of Londoner their Successors, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the

Time being, or to prohibit, defeat, alter, or diminish any Power, Authority, or Jurisdiction, which at the

Time of making this Act his Majesty or the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London,

or the Lord of the said City for the Time being, as Conservator of the River of Thames and Waters of

Medway, did or might lawfully claim, use, or exercise; and further, that it shall be lawful for the Lord Lord Mayor

Mayor of the said City for the Thne being, in hke Manner as he hath used to do in other Cafes, to en-

quire of, hear, and determine, by Presentment or Indfftment, taken before him as Conservator of the said gj* ajver

River and Waters, all Offences contrary to this Act, or such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations Thames, to

as shall be made as aforesaid, and upon Conviftioji of the Offender or Offenders, to impose a Penalty or punish Of-

Penalties on him, her, or them, not exceeding the Penalty or Penalties hereby inflicted, or which shall be in- f”?ces

Aided in and by the.said Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, an 1 Regulations for such Offence or Offences j but no By* UwsTo^e

Person shall be punished twice for one and the fame Offence. niacjc at aforo

said r

4C Saving of the Rights and Privileges of the WJl India Dock Company. § 142- Saving of the Rights and Pri-

44 vileges of the Lord of the Manor of Stepney. § I43. Penalties to be recovered and levied by Distress and

u Sale, under Warrant of two Justices for Middhyx. All Fines above 40s shall go to the Company for

44 the Injuries sustained; and all of and under 40 to be divided; one Third to the Merchant Seamen's

44 Office: one Third to Seamen’s and Lightermen’s Families disablechin the Docks; one Third to old

“ worn-out Dock Servants. On Failure of Distress Offenders liable to Commitment for ten Days to the

44 Common Gaol. § 144. Power to Justices to mitigate Penalties and Forfeitures to one Half. § 145.

44 Form of Conviction. $ 146. Parties aggrieved msy appeal to the next General or Quarter Sessions, on

44 ten Days’Notice. No Certiorari allowed. § 147. Expences of the Aftto be paid out of the Sub-

41 feriptions. §148. Proceedings not to be vacated for Want of Form only. $ 149. The Treasurer of the

44 Company may be made the nominal Plaintiff or Defendant in Actions and Suits to be brought by or

44 against the Company. § 150. Act of 24 Geo. II. c. 44. for rendering Justices of the Peace more fate in

44 the Execution of their Office, extended to this Act. Limitation of Actions six Months, with twenty Days’

44 Notice required, and Tender of Amends allowed. General Issue, Treble Costs. § 1 c i. Publick Act.

“ 152.”

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for providing a Workhouse for the Use of the Parish of Aldbourne in the County

of Wilts*, and for appointing an Additional Overseer for the better Government of the

Poor of the said Parish. [20th June 1800.]

4 IT WHEREAS the Parish of Aldbourne in the County of Wilts, is large and populous, and the Poor

thereof exceedingly numerous: And whereas if a Workhouse were to be provided for the said Parish,

4 wherein the Poor thereof might be kept and employed,-and Power given to compel them to work,

the Rates for their Relief might be rendered much less burdensome to the said Parish, and the Poor be

4 better maintained and provided For, than at present: And whereas there are three Overseers of the Poor

4 of the said PaTifh chosen annually, who being generally engaged in a large Way of Business, the Office

4 has been frequently executed by improper Deputies, whereby the Money raised for the Relief of the

4 Poor of the said Parish has been misapplied, and the Poor’s Rates within the said Parish have increased, to

the great Grievance of the Landholders and others paying to the Relief of the Poor; all which Evils it is

4 apprehended might in a great Degree be remedied, if Power were given to appoint a fit and proper Person

4 as an additional Overseer, for the sole Purpose of taking the Care and Management of the said Poor

May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted. See.

44 Trustees appointed for the Purpose of providing and maintaining a Workhouse. f I, See.”

XV. And be it further en&fted, That such of the Inhabitants of the said Parish and others, who shaft be Power giveif*

rated at and pay to the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish for five Pounds per Annum or upwards, as to thq*.rated

aforesaid, shall and may meet together at the said Vestry Room of the Parish Church of Aldbourne to the Poor for

aforesaid, on the said Monday Fortnight next after the passing of this Act, or on some other Day as soon wardl to*at>-

after as conveniently may be, between the Hours of ten and twelve.of the Clock in the Forenoon (Notice point an addh-

of such Meeting having been previously given by Order of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor tionai Overicrr

of the said Parish, on the Sunday next before such Meeting, in Manner herein-before prescribed for Notice with a Salary,

of Meetings for the Election of New Trustees J; and the Majority of the Inhabitants and others aforesaid,.

assembled at such Meeting, shall then and there nominate and appoint one fit and proper Person as an act-

ditional Overseer of the Poor of the said Parish of Aldbourne, and shall also be empowered to allow him out

of the Sums collected for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, for his Care and Trouble, such yearly

Salary as shall then be agreed on, not exceeding the yearly Sum of one hundred Pounds; and such addi-

tional Overseer, so to be nominated and appointed, and every other additional Overseer hereafter to be no-

minated and appointed under and by virtue of this Act, shall have full Power and Authority, and is hereby

authorized and empowered during the Time he shall continue in the Office to Act as Overseer of the Poor

of the said Parish, in all Things appertaining to the Office of Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish (ex-

cept with regard to the making and collecting of Rates) though the fame may not be particularly specified

and mentioned in this Act, and in the fame Manner and in all Cafes as if every additional Overseer was

regularly appointed an Overseer of the Poor of the said PariQ), and as fully and effectually to all Intents and

3 S 2 Pur poles

