,A»D. 1799. Anfio tricesimo nono Georgii IIL C.' 6§:

, ’ * -» a «.* (

July delivered into the Custody and Possession of the Fish Curer or Fish Curers for or to whom the fame is

to be* consigned or sent, and that no Part of such Salt fhftl, before the fame shall be delivered into the Cuf-

tody or Possession of such Fish Curer or Fish Curers as aforesaid, be fold or delivered for Home Trade or

'Consumption, or otherwise fraudulently disposed of in Great Britain,

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Bond or Security hsrein-before directed to be given for

.the due Delivery of any such Salt into the Custody and Possession of any such Fish Curer or Fish Curers,

and for the other Matters herein-before directed to be contained in such Bond, shall be .cancelled and dif-

charged, upon the Merchant or Merchants, on whole Account or to whole Order any such Sait shall hare

been so delivered as aforesaid, producing to and leaving with the proper Officer of Excise a Certificate,

.under the Hand of such other Officer of Excise as shall be authorized to give and grant the fame, testifying

that all and every.Part of the Salt mentioned in such Bond or Security has been duly delivered into the

Custody or Possession of the Fish Curer or Fish Curers for whom the fame was intended, or to whom the

.fame was consigned or lent, and that Bond or Security has been given by or on the Part of such Fish Curer

.or Fish Curers, that all such Salt sent or consigned to him, her, or them, and delivered into his, her, or

their Custody, {hall be used and employed in curing and preserving Fish : Provided always. That such last

mentioned Certificate shall be produced to and left with such proper Officer of Excilb, within three Months

next after the Day on which.such Salt shall have been so shipped or put on board the Ship or Vessel in

which the fame is to be carried or removed Coastwise, for such Delivery to the Fish Curer or Fish Curers

as aforesaid.

IX. 4 And whereas, under and by virtue of the said Act made in the thirty-eighth Year of his preferit

4 Majesty’s Reign, Foreign Salt may be imported into Great Britain, and put into Import Warehouses,

* Storehouses, or Cellars, under, subject, and according to such Conditions, Rules, and Regulations as afe

4 in the said Act in that Behalf provided : And whereas it is expedient to allow any such Foreign Salt to be

4 taken from and out of any such Warehouse, Storehouse, or Cellar, at the Ports of Poole, Dartmouth, Fal-

4 mouth, and Glasgow, to be exported to Newfoundland for the Purpose herein-afeer mentioned ;* be it

therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to or for any Person or Persons, within twelve Months

after the Importation and Landing thereof, to take, free of Duty, for the Purpose immediately exporting

the fame, in any Ship or Vessel not of less Burthen than forty Tons, t6 Newfoun/lland, for curing Cod Fish,

Ling, or Hake, to be there caught, any Quantity exceeding fifty Bushels at a Time, of Foreign Salt,

from and out of any Import Warehouse, Storehouse, or Cellar, at either of the Ports of Poole, Dart-

mouth% Falmouth, or Glasgow, in which the fame has been put according to the Regulations of the said

Act, upon the Person or Persons so taking out any such Salt first giving the like Bond or Security as is in

or by the said Act required and directed to be taken, for or in respect erf Salt delivered free of Duty for im-

mediate Exportation ; save and except that every such Bond or Security, so to be taken in pursuance of

this Act, shall be in Treble the Amount of the Duty by that Act imposed for or in respect of imported

Salt, not being of the Productor Manufacture of Great Britain; and the giving or entering into such

Bond or Security, together with the Exportation of such Salt to Newfoundland as aforesaid, shall vacate

the former Bond or Security which shall have been given for Payment of the Duties with which such

Foreign Salt was charged, or to which the fame was liable, so far as such last mentioned Bond or Security

relates to such Duty for or in respect of the Quantity of Salt so taken out of such Warehouse, Storehouse,

or Cellar, and exported to Newfoundland as aforesaid : Provided always. That such last mentioned Bond

shall be and remain in full Force and EfFeft as to all the Salt specified therein, or to Which the fame shall re-

late, except the particular Quantity or Quantities thereof so taken out and exported to Newfoundland as

aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted^ That no such Bond or Security, so to be given or taken for Salt, to be

used and employed in curing and preserving Fish as aforesaid, nor any Certificate to be made out in relation

to any such Salt, shall be subject or liable to any Sump Duty \ any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parlia-

inent to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. not fuije<

XL 4 And whereas there are still depending, and unexpended, divers Quantities of Salt which* were

4 taken, free of Duty, for the curing of Fish, under and subject to the Rules, Regulations, Rcstrictions,

* and Provisions, contained in the several A6i$ of Parliament in that Behalf in Force immediately before.

4 die Commencement of an Act made in the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, among

4 Other Things, for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excile; and it is

* expedient to make such Provisions for or in respect thereof as are herein-after in that Behalf directed Be

it therefore endfted. That all and singular the Rules, Regulations, Rcstrictions, and Provisions, which are

contained or provided in or by the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for or

in respect of Salt, delivered Under or by virtue of that Act, for curing and preserving Fish, and all and fin-

gular the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, which are by the said Act imposed on any Fish Curer, or any

other Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Breach of or Disobedience to any or either of the said Rules,

Regulations, Restrictions, or Provisions, shall be applied to and practised, and put in Execution, for and

in respect cf all such Salt so depending and unexpended, so far as the said Rules, Regulations, Reftrift-

ions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures respectively can or may be so applied, practised, and'

put in Execution j any Thing in any After Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary in any wise not-

withstanding./

* XII. 4 And whereas it may sometimes happen that Ships or Vessels going Coastwise laden with Salt or

4 Rock Salt may be taken by the Enemy be it therefore enacted. That in case any 'Salt or Rock Salt,

for which the Duties imposed by the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty {ball have

9 been

\

How such

•Bonds ihjli be

difwharged.

Within 11

Months after

Importation,

warehousea

Foreign Salt

may be taken

out, Duty frcc,t,

at certairi Porta,*

for Exportation

to Newfound-

land, in Vessel*

of not less than

40 Tons, and

in Quantity ex-

ceeding 50

Bushels, on

Bond, as direct-

cd by 38 Geo 3.

c. 89. § zo, Scc.

Bonds for Safe

for curing Fish,

and Certificates

relating thereto,

: to Stamp Duty.

38Geo. 3. c. 89.

to extend to

Salt taken, Duty

fiec, for curing

Fish, prior

thereto, as far

as applicable.

For Salt or

Rock Salt, for

which Duty hr-

teen pml. cap-

tured with th*

