A. D. 1799' Anno 39* & 40* Georgii III. C. 5.

rants, direct a proper Officer or Officers of the said respective Courts of Exchequer to enter up Satisfaction

oft such Obligation or Obligations, to be satisfied as aforesaid, upon the Record, or other wise to deliver up

the fame to be cancelled as the Cafe may require.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Payment of any of the Instalments of

tile Sums advanced by virtue of this Act maybe made either in Money or in any of the Exchequer Hills to

be ifluedby virtue of this Act, which shall have become due at the Time of such Payment, or which shall be

payable at a Period not later than fifteen Days next after the Day appointed by this Act for the Payment of

fiichlnffalment, in Discharge of which such Exchequer Bills shall be paid.

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commis-

sioners appointed by this Act, by Writing under the Hands and Seals of any five or more of them, to

authorize the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England to employ any Monies which shall be paid as

aforesaid, in the Purchase of any Bills which shall be payable at the Period then next ensuing, and shall write

thereqp, ift Words at length, the Day of the Month and Year in which he or they so purchased such Bills,

to which respective Days the said Cashier or Cashiers shall be allowed the Interest, upon his or their paying

the fame into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid, provided that no Interest shall run or be paid upon

^or for any such Bills during the Time they shall remain in the Hands of such Cashier or Cashiers, but for

such Time the Interest on every such Bill shall cease.

XXX. And be it further enacted. That all Wares'and Merchandizes deposited with the said Commis-

sioners, under the Authority and for the Purposes of this Act, shall be for such Purposes vested in the said

Commissioners by the Name o f The Commissioners for the Jjfueof Exchequer Bills for the Relief of the Mer-

chants of Liverpool and Lancaster ; and that the said Commissioners shall and may sue and be sued in the

Name of their Secretary for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit in Law or Equity to be brought

or commenced by or against the said Commissioners on Account of this Act, in the Name of their Secretary

for the Time being, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Secretary, or by the

Ad of such Secretary, without the Consent of the said Commissioners, but the Secretary to the said Com-

missioners for the Time being shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action or Suit, as

the Cafe may be ; and no Action or Suit shall be brought against the said Commissioners, coiledively or in-

dividually, or against their Secretary, except in the said Couit of Exchequer, and with the Leave of such

Court first had and obtained, and upon such Terms and Conditions as the said Court shall direct.

*73

Instalments

may be made in

Money, or with

certain Exche-

quer Bilis,issued

under this Act*.

Commissionert

may authorize

the Bank to cm*

ploy Monies in

Fu 1 chafe of

Bills.

IVpofits to be

vested in the

Commissioners,

who may sue

and be sued in

the Name of

their Secretary.

No Action to be

brought against

the Commit-

fiorers, or their

Secretary, except in the Court of Exchequer, and with leave Of that Court.

*l Persons applying for Exchequer Bills for the Use of any Partnership, may give Notes in its Firm. §31.

<c Separate Notes to be given for each instalment. § 3a.”

XXXIII. And be it further enacted. That in case any Advance in Exchequer Bills shall be made to any WhercBilisshall

Person qt Persons concerned in any Partnership, upon the Application of any Person or Persons to the said have been ap-

Commissioners to make such Advance to the life of the said Partnership, and such Advance, or any Part tolh® use

thereof, shall have been actually applied to the Use of the said Partnership, then the Estate and Effects of thei^Estatesand

such Partnership shall be liable and subject to and are hereby made chargeable with the Payment of the Sums mall be

advanced, and actually applied as aforesaid, with Interest for the fame, and all Costs attending the Re- liable,

covery thereof, as in case of Debt found on Record to the King’s Majesty, and in case it shall be made ap-

pear by Affidavit to any Baron of the Court of Exchequer at IVeJhninster, that such Advance, or such Part

thereof as aforesaid, was actually applied to the Use of the said Partnership, and the fame being found oA

Record, it shall be lawful for such Baron to cause an Extent to be issued against the Estate and Effects of

such Partnership, to the Amount of the Sum so actually applied, with Interest thereupon and Costs as

aforesaid, in the same Manner as if the Advance so actually applied was an immediate Debt from all the Per-

fons concerned in such Partnership to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Obligation or other Security entered into or given by Estate^ andEB.

any Person or Persons as aforesaid. who shall afterwards become Bankrupt within the true Intent and Bank-

Meaning of the several Statutes made, and now in Force, concerning Bankrupts, and against whom a [^1*

Commission of Bankrupt shall be awarded and iftiied, shall, by reason and force of such Bankruptcy, and <V|ainis of the

from the Time of such Bankruptcy, become and be forfeited, and due and payable as against such Bankrupt Commissioners

or Bankrupts, and that all the Estate and Effects of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, which would be liable in Preference t»

to satisfy the Demands of the Creditors seeking Relief under such Commission of Bankrupt, shall be liable a11 ottkUi*

and subject to, and are hereby made chargeable w.ith the Payment of the Principal and Interest, due upon

such Obligation or other Security, and all Costs attending the Recovery of the fame, and that the Claims

of the said Commissioners shall be first paid and satisfied out of the Estate and Effects of such Bankrupt,

or Bankrupts, and in preference to the Claim of any other Creditor^or Creditors, and it shall be lawful lor

the said Commissioners, in the Name of their-Secretary for the Time being, to apply by Petition hi a

summary Way to the proper Courts in England> having Jurisdiction of the Matters of such Commission'

of Bankruptcy, to make due Order accordingly, which Tucn Courts respectively are hereby authoriz.d and

required to make.

XXXV. And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in the Name of Secretary may

their Secretary for the Time being, to apply by Petition or otherwise, to the proper Courrs for any Commit- ^tfy0^fCor^

fion of Bankruptcy against the Estate or Effects of any Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and to sue out ip like BaV.iuuptcK.

Manner as any other Creditor or Creditors is or are by Law entitled to do.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners named in any Commission of Bankruptcy, Commissionm

which shall at any Time hereafter be awarded and issued out, shall admit the Proof of any Deotor Grounds of BaBktl,ftcy

39 Ct 40 G-EO.ni. : • Nn ci loadn,iUht

