A. D. 1800. Anno 39® 6c 40* Georgii III. xlii—xlvii. 489

Use than as aforesaid, by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Misappiication

Council assembled, or by the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the said City for the Time * t!cr^for

being, or any of their Officers, or any other Person or Persons acting under Colour of any Warrant, ' c 1

Power, or Authority, by, from, or under them respectively, then and in such Cafe the said Mayor and

Commonalty and Citizens, and their Succeflorr, shall be answerable for the fame, out of the Revenue of

the said Corporation, in any Action to be brought by any of the Creditors of the said Mayor and Com-

monalty and Citizens, or their Successors, claiming under or by virtue of any of the Acts of Parliament

herein-before mentioned, or by the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of any of such Creditors; which

said Sum and Sums so recovered shall be applied to the same Uses as the Monies so misapplied or converted

should or might have been applied to, if such Misapplication had not happened, except that the Costs of

Suit shall be deduced and retained thereout, in the first place, for the Benefit of him, her, or them, so

suing.

tc Disbursements to he included in the Chamberlain’s annual Accounts, presented to Parliament. § u.

* This Act not to affect any of the City’s present Creditors. § 12. Powers, i?c. of the fir It recited Act

44 extended to this Act. § 13. Publick Act. § 14.”

C//>.xliii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from, or from near, Light pill Gate, on the Road leading from

Bath to Dudlridge, in the Parish of Rodboroughy to join the Turnpike Road from Painfwich to Chelten-

ham, at or near to Birdlips in the Parishes of Brimpsjicld and Cowley, or one of them, all in the County of

Gloucester. [30th May 1800.]

{To continue for twenty-one Years from the second Thursday after the passing thereof.]

Cap. xliv.

An Act for {hutting up and discontinuing certain Roads and Foot Paths, leading through the Grounds of Sir

Richard Brooke Baronet, in the Townships of Norton and Halton, in the Parish of Runcorn, and County

Palatine of Chester, and for making and maintaining other Roads instead thereof. [50th May 1800.]

Cap. xlv.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next SefEonof Par-

liament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, made in the thirty-second Year

©ftbe Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty °, for repairing and widening the Roads from Chapel Bar, near the Weft End of the *[3* Geo.

Town of Nottingham to Newhaven, and from the Four Lane Ends, near Oakerthorjpe, to Ashborne, and c* 38 5 *,° G<0*

from the Cross roft bn Wirkjvuorth Moor, to join the Road leading from Chesterfield to Chapel-en-le- 3*c* 74*J

Frith, at or near Longston, in the County of Derby, and from Selfton to Annejlcy Wotdhovft, in the County

of Nottingham* [30th May 1800.]

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Road from a Place called

The Stone Pillar or Cross Hand, in the Parish of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, to or near a

Bridge called Knox Bridge, in the Parish of Westerleigh, in the County of Gloucester, and several other

Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties of Wilis and Gloucester. [30th May 1800.]

{This Act to continue for twenty-one Years from the first Meeting of the Trustees.—18 Geo. III. c. 103.

and 19 Geo. III. C. 118. repealed as to the Roads mentioned in this Act.]

Cap. xlvii*

An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Ac-

commodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Pore of

London. [20th June i 800.]

• 1WHEREAS, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue

• VV within the Port of London, it is expedient that good and sufficient Wet Docks and Basons, with

4 proper Cuts, Sluices, and Outlets, should be made and established, under proper Regulations, in conveni-

4 ent Situations, within the Port of London, and as near as may be to the City of London and Seat ofCom-

• merce, with legal Quays and Wharfs attached thereto, for the Reception and Discharge of loaded Ships

4. and other Vesselss And whereas the several Persons herein-after named have entered into a Subscription

4 to raise a certain Sum as a Joint Stock or Fund, for the Purposes aforesaid, and for carrying into Execution

4 and completing the several Works he rein-after mentioned:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it

may be enacted : and be it hereby enacted by the King’s mofl Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad-

vice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That [the Subjcribers named], and their several Executors, Ad- Subscribcra, Sec.

ministrators, and Assigns, and all and every other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or created a Joint

Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, who shall, according to the Conditions and Restrictions St£kCn^P4K7

hereinafter set forth, bepoflelled of any Part of the said Joint Stock, their several and respective Executors, Dock

Administrators, and Assigns, {so long as they shall hold the fame and nolonger,) and they and their Execu- company.

39&40 Geo. III. [jhoc. iff Per.] 3 R tors.

.

