Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III.

A. D. 1799.

C. 59. tfi

CAP. LIX.

An, Act for permitting certain Goods, imported from the East Indies, to be warehoused;

and for repealing the Duties now payable thereon and granting other Duties in Lieu*

thereof. [13th June 1799.]

4 \ \7 HEREAS it is expedient, in order to secure’to this Country the Benefit of an extended Trade in

4 VV Goods, the Produce and Manufacture of the East Indies, that certain Goods imported from thence

4 should be permitted to be warehoused, and that the Duties on tho fame should be repealed, and other Duties

4 should be granted in lieu thereof :* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

tflembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the thirty-first day of August one thou- ^rom

sand seven hundred and ninety nine, it shall and mey be lawful for the United Company of Merchants of jnd^coinpLy

England trading to the East Indies, on the legal Importation into this Kingdom of any Goods, Wares, or may warthouse

Merchandize, (except as herein-after is provided.) to enter, and land and lodge any such Goods, Wares, imported Goods

and Merchandize, in Warehouses, under the Securities, Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions directed and °» Payment of

required by this A&, on Payment, in the Manner herein-after directed, of the following new and additional pjtics

Duties of Customs, and without Payment of any other Duty whatever, save and except the Duties of by this Act, and

Customs imposed by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled. An Act for the better Pro- without Pay-

teflion of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported ment of any

and extorted, and on the Tonnage of certain Ships entering Outwards or Inwards to or from Foreign Parts,

until the signing of the Preliminary Articles of Peace; videlicet, Convoy Ad; 38UGco' 3! c. 76.

For everyone hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Mullins plain, Nanquin Cloths, Muslins Additional

•r White Callicoes flowered or ditched, imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading Dutic8*

to the East Indies, the Sum of seven Pounds and ten Shillings :

. For every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all plain White Callicoe, plain White Di-

mity, and of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, prohibited to be worn or used in this Kingdom, .im-

ported by the said United Company, the Sum of two Pounds and ten Shillings:

And Tor every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all other Goods, Wares, and Merchan-

dize, imported by the said United Company, (except Bullion, Diamonds, and other precious Stones, i ea*

Cotton Wool, Nutmegs, Mace, Cloves, and Cinnamon,) the Sum of two Pounds:

Which Value shall be ascertained according to the Gross Price at which such Goods respectively shall

have been sold at the Sales of the said United Company, without any Dcdudtion or Abatement whatever;

and so in Proportion for any greater or less Value than one hundred Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said United Company to secure Additional

by Bond, in the usual and accustomed Manner, the new and additional Duties of Customs imposed by Danes maybe

this Act; which Bond shall be given to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in a Penalty equal to

Double the Amount thereof, with Condition for the Payment of the Lid Duties, within four Months after the

Expiration of each and every publick Sale of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, by the said United Company.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That before any such Gnods. Wares, or Merchandize, Goods shillbe

shall be so lodged or (ecured in Warehouses, the fame shall be duly entered with the proper Officer or duly entered

Officers of the Customs, and regularly landed, after which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall and ?anndedgu and

may be lodged or secured in such Warehouses as are now provided by the said United Company, or which may then be

may hereafter be provided by them, such Warehouses to be firit approved by the Commissioners of his lodged in Ware-

Majesty’s Customs in England for the lime being, or any four or more of them; but before any such Goods, housesappiovcd

Wares, or Merchandize, or any Part thereof, shall be so lodged or secured in such Warehouses, or as soon ^ontr^of

after as conveniently may be, the lame (hull be examined by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs,

who (hall take a particular and correct Account of the Quantity, Quality, Species, Number, and Contents whose officers

thereof, which Account shall be regulaily entered in a Book or Books to be provided and kept for that are to take an

Purpose, and in such Manner as they the said Commissioners fha.ll from Time to 'rime think proper to Accountof the

<)iretf. ' . ■ , Coodi‘

IV. And it is hereby furtherenmfted, That it shall and may he lawful for the Purchaser or Purchasers, . Furchaf.rsor

or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, lo lodged or secured in Warehouses by

virtue or in pursuance of this Abt, and which have been publicity sold by the said Company, to export the°Company,

the lame diiectly from the Wi-rchoule or Warehouses in which the fame have been respectively lodged or may export

kcured, without Payment of any further Duty or Duties of Customs or Excise whatever, save and them dirc&Jy

except the Duty or Duties of Customs impoled by the Lid recited Act, passed in the Just Sdlion of j*'omthe wjare-

Parliament; provided that the Exporter or Exporters, or Proprietor or Proprietors, of any such Goods,

Wares, or Meichandize, shall, before the Delivery thereof for Exportation, make a due Entry with the Duty imposed

proper Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s Customs, and shall, together with the Mailer or other Person by 38 Geo. 3.

hiving or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Veiiel in which such Goods, Wares, or c. 76. and

Merchandize, are intended to be exported, an J one sufficient Surety, (to be approved by the Collector and inro

Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Exportation,) enter into Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and

Succdlots, in Treble live Value thereof, with Condition that the fai J Goods, Wares,or Merchandize, so in- rchnded in

tended 10 be exported, shall be landed at the respective Ports or Places fer which the lame shall have been Great Biiuin,

entered, and that i>o Part of the fame shall be relanded in Great Britain, or landed in thelilands of Guernfy, &c.

Ja jey, Alderney, Sark, or illan, or the Blands of Faro or Ferre.

39 Geo. III. ' R ' V. And

