1x8 C. 55.

Ahno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A. D. 1799.

Annual Pay-

ment in lku of

ThiiUgc to be

made at Can-

dlemas.

The Commuta-

tion for Thirlage

to Mills let on

Lease shall be

lull Compenf.i-

tion to the Lef-

fees of the

Mills; and

where paid by

Proprie tors of

Lands thirled

^ind let on Lcafe9

the LeHee of

ttic Lands shall

repay the Pro-

prietor.

On Objection

of Tenants

paying one

Fourth of the

Rent of Lands

thirled, a Jury

(hnl) proportion,

the Commuta.

tion.

Commutation

(lull not give

Claim to the

Mill Proprietor

to Relief from

the Land Tax,

nor atfed Right

of Freehold.

Thirlage of the

Jmet I a et lliata

may be pur-

chafed.

Such Thirlage

may be pur.

chafed not-

withrtanding

the Mdl be held

under a Deed of

Entail on cer-

tain Conditions.

adjourning the said Day appointed for taking the Verdict of the Jury* it shall be lawful for the said

Sheriff, or Steward Depute or Substitute* to make such Adjournment to any Day within thirty Days

from the Day firfk appointed, the Party praying an Adjournment always defraying all Expenets thereby

incurred.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Annual Payment herein above directed to be made, in Lieu

and Satisfaction of the said Servitude of Thirlage, shall be payable at the Term of Candlemas in each Year*

the full Payment to be made at the Term of Candlemas, immediately subsequent to the Date of the Verdict

or Determination of the said Jury: the amount of which first Payment shall be fixed by the said Jury, ac-

cording to such Proportion as they mall judge reasonable on the whole Circumstances of the Cafe.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That where the Mill or Mills aforesaid* with the Rights of Thirlage

thereto annexed, are let to Tenants under Tacks or Leases, the Annual Payment in Grain or Money, so as

aforesaid to be paid as a Commutation or Equivalent for the Right of Thirlage annexed to such Mill* shall,

and the fame is hereby declared to be payable, during the Term or Currency of such Tack or Lease, to

the Tenant or Lessee of such Mill or Mills, and such Annual Payment shall be to such Tenant or Lessee,

Tenants or Lessees, full Compensation for dr in Lieu and Satisfaction of all Multure, Mill Services, or other

Rights or Servitudes pertaining or incident to the said Right of Thirlage let to him or them by such Tack

or Lease, such Tack or Leale, or any Condition dr Preftation therein contained notwithstanding; and

where the Lands of the Servient Tenement or Estate thirled are let in Lease to Tenants, and the Proprietor

shall pay the Annual Commutation or Equivalent, the Lefltes shall in that Cafe be obliged to make Payment

to the Proprietor of a Proportion of the said Annual Cormputation or Equivalent, corresponding to the Rent

of the Lands let in Lease compared with the total Amount of Rent payable by the whole Lands thirled, and

that the said Proportion of the said Annual Commutation or Equivalent shall be recoverable by the Pro-

prietor in the same Manner in which he is entitled to recover his Rent.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Proportion by Rent shall be objected to by Te-

nants paying one Fourth or more df the Rent of the Lands thirled, the said Jury shall then divide according

to the bed: of their Judgment, Information, and Belief, the different Parts of the Commutation to be paid

by the several Tenants, according to the Value of Multures, Services, and Predations legally exigible from

the several respective Farms occupied or possessed by them ; or if the Parties are not then prepared, the,

Sheriff or Steward Depute, or his Substitute, is hereby authorized and required, at the Request and Desire

of the above-mentioned Proportion of the Tenants, again to convene the aforesaid Jury, in Manner and

with Notice as above directed, and that on any Day within the Space of two Months from the Date of their

first Award, when the said Jury shall meet and make such Division.

' X. 4 And whereas the Annual Payment to be adjudged under this Act to the Proprietor of a Mill, in lieu

4 of the Multures, Mill Services, and other Rights, froiq^which the Lands thirled are to be thereby relieved*

4 is meant and understood to be of equal Value, and a lull Compensation for the Discharge thereof, and in

4 no ways to take from or diminish the Value of his Right as Proprietor/ it is further hereby enacted, and de-

clared, That the Discharge of the Multures, Mill Services, and other Rights belonging to a Proprietor of

a Mifi, as to the Whole or any Part of the Lands aftrifted to it, and the Substitution of an Annual Payment

by way of Compensation in place thereof, in the Manner above provided for, shall afford to such Proprietor

no Ground or Pretence for claiming Relief from any Part of the^Cess or Land Tax payable by him in re-

spect thereof, either where such Mill stood separately valued in the Cess Books, or where it was included in

a joint or cumulo Valuation with other Parts of his Property ; and for the fame Reason. that it shall not in

anyways affect or impair any Right of Freehold, or Qualification to elect or be elected as a Member of

Parliament, arising from or founded upon it, either where the Mill with its Mill Lands and Multures of itself

affords such Qualification in respect of its Valuation or old Extent, or where it makes Part of a Tenement

which forms fuel) Qualification, either on its Valuation or as separately retoured of an Extent sufficient for

that Purpose.

XI. 4 And whereas there is a Kind of Thirlage known in the Law and Practice of Scotland, called a

4 Thirlage of the Invefia et IUatay to which lundry Towns, Burghs, Burghs of Barony, Villages, or other

4 Places* in that Part of the Kingdom, and the Inhabitants thereof, are subject, which Thirlage it is expe-

4 dient to allow to be purchased by the Persons subject to the famebe it therefore enacted, That if any In-

habitant or Inhabitants of such Town, Burgh, Village, or Place, shall be deiirous to purchase an Exemption

from the said Servitude of Thirlage, and all and every the Services and Prestations incident thereto, to which

the whole Town, Burgh, Village, or Place is liable, from the Proprietor of such Mill or Mills entitled to

the fame, it shall be lawful and competent to them to apply in Manner above mentioned, to the Sheriff’or

Steward Depute of the County or Stewartry in which such Town, Burgh, Village, or Place is situate, who

shall take such Proceedings, and ftimmon a Jury in such Manner as is herein-before particularly directed*

which Jury shall by their Verdict fix and determine the lull Valuejn Money of such Right of Thirlage in

Perpetuity, on which Verdict and Determination the said Sheriff, or Steward Depute or Substitute, shall

pronounce Decreet against the Person or Persons so petitioning or applying to him as aforesaid, for the

Sum so fixed and determined by such Jury, on Payment of which to the Proprietor of the Mill, such Town,

Burgh, Village, or Place, or such Inhabitant or Inhabitants thereof, formerly subject to such Thirlage, shall

thenceforth be for ever freed and relieved from the same.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted. That such Proceeding may take place, and such Exemption be

purchased in Manner aforesaid, notwithstanding the Mill or Mills, to which such Burgh, Town, or Village

is thirled* be held by the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof under a Deed or Deeds of Entail, provided that

the Price paid for the fame, in virtue of the Determination of the Jury and Decreet of the Sheriff hereby di-

rested, shall be settled and secured in like Manner as is directed in the Cafe of Superiorities sold to the

- Vassals

