A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III.

C.

181

said, at his or her Dwelling House, ef where such Dwelling House shall be divided into different Stories or

Apartments, and occupied distinftly by several Persons, then to or for the Occupier of each distinct Story

-er Apartment, to prepare or produce, within fourteen Days next ensuing the Day of giving such Notice, a

Lift in Writing, to the best of his or her Belief, of the Christian and Surname of each and every Man re-

sident in such Dwelling House, between the Ages of Eighteen and Forty-five; and every such Occupier

shall, after such Notice so given or left, make out such Lift, and sign the fame with his or her own Name,

and shall deliver the fame, or cause the fame to be delivered, to such Constable or other Officer as aforesaid ;

and if any such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to make out, sign, and deliver such Lift as aforesaid, within

the Time herein-before limited, or Shall omit any Person who ought to have been included therein, in pur-

fuance of this Act, every such Occupier shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding

the Sum o-f Five Pounds, to be recovered in the same Manner as by the said Act of the twervty-sixth Year of

his prefers Majesty* any Penalties are directed to be recovered.

serve in the

Militia, (halt,

w.chin 14 Day*

after Requili-

tion, give

Notice to

HouL keepers,

&c. t6 prepare

Lifts oi Men

redding with

them between

18 anJ45 Year*

old.

Penalty not

exceeding 5I.

for not delivering such Lifts, or omitting any Person who-ought to be included.

Quakers shall

pr<x!uce a Cer-

tificate from

two Quakers,

floufckcepers,

acknowledging

them to be of

thcu-PerfuafioB.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Cafe where any Notice shall be served

upon any Occupier, being one of the People called Quakers, such Occupier shall, within seven Days after

the Service of such Notice, produce to the Constable or other Officer, a Certificate under the Hands of two

or more reputable Housekeepers being of the People called Quakers, acknowledging such Man to be

one of their Persuasion, according to the Directions contained in the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of

*his present Majesty, and that in all such Cafes the Constables or other Officers are hereby required to

make Returns of the Persons residentin the Houses, Stories, or Apartments of such Occupiers, so certified

to be of the People called Quakers, liable to serve in the Militia for the said Counties, in the same Manner a S

is directed by the said Acts iff the twenty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of his present Majesty.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person sworn and enrolled to serve as a Substitute in the said

Militia, and who shall have left in the Hands of the Clerk to the Deputy Lieutenants any Sum or Sums of

Money, to be paid to such Substitute upon his joining the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, for which he shall

have been enrolled, shall not join the Regiment or Battalion for which he shall have been sworn and en-

rolled, according to such Order as shall have been given him in that Respect, in pursuance of any Law now

in Force respecting the Militia, within one Month after the Time appointed by such Order, that then,

and in every such Cafe, such Substitute shall forfeit every such Sum or Sums of Money, and such Sum and

Sums of Money shall be disposed of and applied in Manner herein-after directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, If any Person chosen by

Ballot to serve in the Militia shall produce a Substitute, who being duly (worn and enrolled to serve in the

Militia, shall nevertheless desert before he shall have joined the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia

for which he shall have been sworn and enrolled as a Substitute as aforesaid, that then, and in every such

Cafe, the Person producing such Substitute shall remain liable to serve, and shall be compellable and com-

pelled to serve in the Militia for which he was so ballotted as aforesaid, as if such Substitute had not been

sworn and enrolled, unless he shall forthwith produce another Substitute who shall regularly join the said , ,

'Vvirlment serve unit* be

Jtegiment. produce a Substitute who join*.

V. Provided always. That in every Cafe where any Person who shall be liable to find a Substitute for the Where a Person

said Militia, shall pay to the Clerk to the Deputy Lieutenants acting within the said County of Mldd'lefex, iiablcto find ‘

and the said County of Surrey respectively, a Sum not exceeding the Sum of ten Guineas, which such De-

puty Lieutenants shall adjudge to be, as near as may be, the current Price then paid for a Volunteer, to

be disposed of and applied in Manner hereinrafter mentioned, that then, and in every such Cafe, such Person

. shall be exempt from Service in the said Militia, in the same Manner as if he himself had served, according

to the Directions of the Acts passed in the twenty-sixth and thrrty-seventh Years of the Reign of his

present Majesty, and shall be entitled to the fame Allowance as he would have been by Law entitled to, in

case he bad himself provided a (it Person to serve as his Substitute in the said Militia.

had provided a SuhtliUite.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk to the said Deputy Lieutenants shall, within one Month The Clc, k to

after the passing of this Act, pay over to the Commanding Officers of the respective Regiments or Batta-

lions, all Sum and Sums of Money received by him before the passing of this Act, for and on Account of, or

from or for any Substitute or Substitutes for the said Militia, and shall also from Time to Time pay over

to the said Commanding Officers, within fourteen Days after he shall receive the same, all such Sum and

Sums of Money as he shall from Time to Time hereafter receive as aforesaid, from the Persons ballotted to

serve in the said Militia. 1+ DayS after Kecdpt thertof.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Commanding Officers of the said Militia shall, Commanding

■immediately after the Receipt of any such Sum or Sums of Money, forthwith proceed to the enlisting of

Volunteers for the supplying the Vacancies in the said Militia, existing at the l ime of the passing of this

Act, and that may hereafter arise therein, and shall apply all such Sums of Money lo transmitted to him as

aforesaid in the raising such Volunteers, and from Time to Time, once at least in every Month after the

-passing of this Act, transmit or cause to be transmitted to the General Meetings of Lieutenancy for the said

County, accurate Returns in Writing of the respective Numbers of effective Private Men that shall have been

enlisted and entered into the said Militia, speccifying in every such Return the Christian and Surname, and

Description of the Person so enlisted as aforesaid, and shall transmit, or cause to be transmitted therewith, an

.accurate

‘SubfUtutes not

joining the Re-

giment, within

one Month after

Order, ihail

forfeit any Sam

Jest by them

with the Clei k

of the Deputy

Lieutenants.

I! a Person

chosen by LiaJJot

{hail produce:*

Substitute, who

shall desert

before he joins,

he shall he

compellable to

Substitute shall

pay a Sum not

exceeding ten

Guineas, he

shall be exempt

from Service,

and be entitied

to the fame Al-

lowance es if he

the Deputy

Lieutenants

shall ay over

to Command ing

Officers all

Mor.eyr received

by him within

Officers shall

apply thiMoney

in raising Vo-

lunteers, and

transmit to the

Ceneral Meet-

ings of Lieute-

nancy a Return

of Men enlisted,

and an Account

of tive Money

expended.

