A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. C. 4, 5. 543

any Duty or Duties on Hops imported into Great Britain shall be, and the feme are hereby suspended until Further fuf-

the twentieth Day of August one thousand eight hundred and one. ^u&ao^oi.

II. And be it further enacted, That until the said twentieth Day of August one thousand eight hundred

and one, instead and in lieu of the said Duties on Hops imported, hereby suspended, there shall be raised,

levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a Duty of Cuf-

toms upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hops imported into Great Britahu the Sum of one Penny

and twelve twentieth Parts of a Farthing, and so in proportion for any greater or Id's Quantity; and that so

much of the said Duties hereby suspended as became due and payable between the twentieth Day o$ Auguftone

thousand eight hundred, and the Time of the passing of this Act, shall not be paid or payable; but instead and

in lieu thereof, the Duty by this Act granted shall be paid; and upon the Payment thereof any Bonds that

shall have been entered into for Payment of the Duties hereby suspended, shall be, and the fame are hereby

declared to be null and void, and shall be cancelled accordingly, in like Manner as if the Duties hereby fuf-

pended had been fully paid thereon.

Instead of the ,

Duties suspend-

ed, thire shall

be paid id. and

i2-2othsofa

Farthing per

Pound on Hops

imported

which Duty

shall a!so be

paid in lieu

of those payable

between Aug.

20, 1800, and

the parting of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Duty by this Act granted shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, Duty hereby

recovered, and applied by the fame Persons, in like Manner, and under such and the same Rules, Regula-

tiobs, and Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as the Duties on the Importation of Hops are now raised, a, [he Duties'on

levied, collected, paid, recovered, and applied, by virtue and in pursuance of the said Act, passed in the twen- Hops imported

ty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and of any Act or Acts passed subsequent, or in any arc now raised.

Manner relating thereto.

CAP. V.

An Act for continuing, until the Expiration of Forty Days after the Commencement of v

the first Session of Parliament that shall be begun and holden after the first Day of Sep-

tember one thousand eight hundred and one, several Laws relating to the prohibiting

the Exportation, and permitting the Importation, of Corn and other Articles of Pro-

vifioti, without Payment of Duty; to the allowing the Use of Sugar in the brewing of

Beer; to the reducing the Duties upon Spirits distilled from Melasses and Sugar; and

to the prohibiting the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, and certain other

Articles, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. [8th December 1800.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

. tituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation and permit the Importation of 39 Geo. 3. c. 87.

4 Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty, to continue

in force until six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, which was to continue in

force until the Expiration of six Weeks from the Commencement of the last Session of Parliament; and 39&4oGco.3.

4 which said Act, by another Act of the last Session of Parliament, was further continued until the thirtieth c. 9. §2.

4 Day of September one thousand eight hundred; and by another Act, made in the said last Session of Par- &40 GEO. 3*

4 liament, intituled, An Act for further continuing and amending an Act made in the last Session of Parlia- c. 58^

c ment, for enabling his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation and permit the hnportation cf Corn, and for at-

Nl lowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty, was also amended, and

4 further continued until forty Days after the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament: And

4 whereas the Provisions of an A cl passed in the said last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to allow, Cap. 62.

for nine Months after thepojjing of the Act, the Use of Sugar in the brewing of Beer, were limited to the

4 Space of nine Months from and after the passing of the said Act, and which Act will shortly expire:

And whereas an Act was passed in the said last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for reducing, until Cap. 8.

the first Day of June one thousand eight hundred\ the Duties upon Spirits distilled from Melajfes, or Sugar, or

4 any ATixture therewith; for prohibiting the Difiillation of Spirits from Wheat or Wheat Flour; and for re-

4 during, until the twentieth Day of September one thousand eight hundred, and better collecting the Duties

4 payable on the Importation of Starch, which was to continue in force until and upon the twentieth Day

4 of September one thousand eight hundred; and which, by another Act passed in the same Session of Par- Cap. 61.

4 liament, so far as relates to the Dut*es on Wort or Wash brewed or made from Melasses or Sugar, was

4 further continued until and upon the first Day of July one thousand eight hundred and one: Anawhere-

4 as the Provisions of an Act passed in the second Session of Parliament holden in the thirty-ninth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An All to prohibit until the first Day of March one thousand C*P* 7*

4 eight hundred, the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Sort of Grain, or

4 from any Meal, Flour, or any Bran, in that Part fl/'Great Britain called Scotland, were limited to be.in force

4 until and upon the first Day of March one thousand eight hundred; which said Act was further continued

4 until the first Day of February one thousand eight hundred and one, by another Act passed in the :hirtyT

4 ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue, until the first and Cap. %u

4 Day of February one thousand eight hundred and one, an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, to recited,

4 prohibit the making of Low IVines or Spirits from Wheat or other Sort of Grain, or from Meal, Flour.

4 or Bran, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And whereas it is expedient that the said several

6 4 recited

