C. 14. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799. J

CERTIFICATE.

I, K. L. Commanding Officer of the do hereby certify, in pursuance of

an Act of Parliament, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act 1

for exempting, during the present War, certain Persons, Serving in Volunteer Corps, from being baliottedfor

the Supplementary Militia, under certain Conditions; and for mating out new Ljjls of Men liable to serve in the

said Militia; that the Conditions of Service agreed to by the said Corps of are as follows 5 'j

videlicet. That the said Corps has consented, (here Specify the Conditions of Service); and that all and J

every the Persons named in the above Muster Roll have duly signified to me (or other Commanding Officer of

the Coifs) their Consent thereto* ;

[JV. B. The following Paragraph is to he omitted in the Muster Roll to be sent on or before the tenth (/Fe-

bruary one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine: but is to be inserted in all those to be transmitud on or be-

fore the twenty fourth of December in each Year, j

f And I do further certify. That I have not, to the belt of my Knowledge and Belief, inserted, or caused

to be inserted, in the above Muster Roll, containing (Specify the Number) Names, the Name of any Per- j

fonwhohas not, since the Date of the passing the said A61 of the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, [or fmee the Date of his Enrolment, if the fame has been pcjlerior to the paffirg the said

duly attended at the Exercifeof the Corps, unless prevented by Sickntis, or by such other sufficient

Realonashath been duly allowed by me, or by the Commanding Officer of the Corps for the Time

being.)

And I do further certify. That the said Corps (hath, in the Course of the three Months immediately pre-

ceding the Date hereof, been inspected by A. B. General (or Field) Officer in his Majesty’s Service,) or,

(hath not within the last three Months been infoefted in the Manner required by the said Act, but is ready

and willing to be so inspected, as in the said Act is provided).

Signed AT. Z.

Dated the 17 Commanding Officer.

B.

FORM of Consent of each Person hereafter'to be enrolled in any Corps of Volunteers, to the Conditions

of Service thereof.

To AT. Z. Commanding Officer of the of Volunteers.

I, C. D. having enrolled myfelfin the said Corps, do hereby consent and engage myself to the Conditions

of Service thereof, videlicet, [hereSpecify the Conditions of Service, either in the Words of this Atl* or other-

wife, as the Cafe may be. ] Signed Cy Z>.

Dated the 17

C.

FORM of Monthly Return and Certificate of Volunteer Corps, to be transmitted by the Commanding

Officer thereof to the Lieutenant of the County or Place.

To A. B. his Majesty’s Lieutenant for the of

MONTHLY RETURN of the of commanded by

Colonel. Hout. Colonel. 0 § . M c 2 CL <3 Captain Lieut. Lieutenants. Cornets. c *0 c: s w ■ft 0 s 1 9 Serjeants. Corporals. Trumpeters. Drummers. Fifers. Privates. Enrolled since lad Return. Dlfcharged or dead since last Return.

No Names No. Names.

Signed K. L. Commanding Officers

I, K. L. Commanding Officer of the do hereby certify. That the several Persons whose Names

are herein contained, as enrolled in the said Corps since the last Return thereof, have duly signified to me,

(or other Commanding Officer of the Corps,) under their Hands, their Consent to the Conditions of Service

1 hereof.,

j

