A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III, C. 6.

be entitled to the Manors, Messuages, Land?, Tenements, or Hereditaments, the Land Tax whereof shall

have been so redeemed, and the A flees of the Person so dying shall not be liable to make good the fame. stated in the

Conveyance of the Lands fold; and if the Person contracting for the Redemption die before the Transfer and Payment cf all the Instalments, the

future Instalments shall be made good by the Persons entitled to the Landsexonerated ; and the Assets of the Person dying shall not be liable.

If the Pur*

chaftr fail in

paying his In-

ftalments, the

Persons who

would have

been beneficially

entitl.d to the

Lands, if not

fold, may enter

into them, and

comptl Pay-

ment, and the

fame may agaii*

be put up for

c. 43. § I, &C.J

Where Lands

are fold, Sec, for

a Sum not ex-

ceeding 50CI.

and the Con ft -

dcration for Re-

demption is to

be paid in Mo-

nty, the Pur-

chafer of the

Lands fold may

pay the Pur-

chafe Money to ‘

the Receiver

General, whefe

Receipts shall

be equivalent to ’

those of the

Bank; and the

Surplus, if any,

ceed two hundred Founds Mock. tion of the Land Tax, may be paid to a Trustee for the Seller. ^[*§”34 J ’

XV. And be it further enacted, That where, in any Parish or Place, the Sums rated and assessed by any

Assessment made by virtue of an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the

Service of the Tear one thousand/even hundred and ninety eighty on the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tene-

ments, or Hereditaments, in such Parish or Place, shall exceed or be less in Amount than the Sum which has

beenfet or imposed upon such Parish or Place, in respect of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

or Hereditaments, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Land Tax acting for the Division where such

Parish or Place is situate, and they are hereby required, within seven Days after any Complaint thereof shall

be lodged with theCleik to such Commissioners by any Person charged in such Assessment, (of which Com-

plaint such Clerk is hereby required to give Notice to all such of the Commissioners acting for the said Divi-

sion who shall be then resident within the same,) to meet together at their usual Place of Meeting within their

Division, at which Meeting the said Commissioners shall proceed toascertain and settle the just Sum which

has been set or imposed upon such Parish or Place in respect of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tene-

ments*. or Hereditaments and in case any Doubt shall arise amongst the said Commissioners, by reason of

any Variation in former Assessments, as to the Amount of the Sum which shall have been set and impoled

upon any Parish or Place, the fame shall and may be determined by the Certificate of the King’s Remem-

brancer, from the Rolls of the Exchequer in England, and by the Certificate of one of the Barons of the

Exchequer in Scotland, from the Duplicates returned to them respectively for the Period of twenty Years

last past, and if the said Duplicates shall vary, then from the? Duplicate of the Year next antecedent to such

Periodwhich Certificate the said Remembrancer in England and Barons in Scotland shall give, at the Re-

quest of the said Commissioners, gratis, and the fame shall be final and conclusive 5 and when such AficlF-

mem shall have been less in Amount than the Sum which ought to be imposed upon such Parish or Place,

the said Commissioners shall cause the Deficiency to be assesstd upon the respective Mahors, Messuages,

Lands, Tenements,'and Hereditaments, charged with Land Tax in such Parish or Place by the said Afleil-

ment, as nearly as may be according to the fame Proportions in which they rtfpe&ivdy flood charged be-

fore such Adjustment; and when such Assessment shall exceed in Amount the Sum which ought to be im-

posed upon such Parish or Place, the said Commissioners shall cause the Excess to be deducted and abated

from the Sums charged upon the respe<3ive Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,

in such Parish or Place, as nearly as may be, according to the fame Proportions in which such Manors, Mef-

luages, Lands,Tenements, or Hereditaments, respectively flood charged before such Adjustment.

XVI, And

Where, in any

Pari/h, Sec. the

Assessments

under the Land

Tax Act of last

Session [c. 5.],

shall exceed or

be less than the

Sum imposed on

such Pari/h, &c.

the Commis-

sioners of Land

Tax may, on

Compliint, af--

certain and.set-

tle the fame

and in case of

Doubt from Va-

riation informer'

Afllflment*,

the Amount

shal! be deter-

mined by a Cer-

tificate from the

Exchequer;

such Exctfs or

Deficiency to he

then appor-

tioned over the

Pari/h by such

Commissioners,

in the fame Pro-

portions in

which they

Were be for

chared.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That if the said respective Instalments, or the Interest to

be paid thereon, shall not be paid by such Purchaser into the Bank of England on the Days and Times

whereon the fame ought to be paid as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Bodies,

Corporations, or Companies, who would for the Time being have been beneficially entitled to the said

Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in case the fame had not been fold, upon every

such Default to enter into and hold and enjoy such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Heredita-

ments, and by all lawful Ways and Means to recover and compel the Payment of such respetflive Instal-

ments, and the Interest thereon, in like Manner as if the fame had been secured by an actual Mortgage of

such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and the fame may again be put up to Sale

for the Purpose ofraifing the Money remaining unpaid, under and subject to the fame Terms and Conditions

by which the fame might be fold in the first Instance, and with the like Power of Relief in all Cafes to the

Purchaser making such Default, as is given by the said A& in-Cafes of Default in transferring Stock by the

Party COntracting for the Land Tax. Sale for raising the Money remaining unpaid.

XIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or He-

reditaments, shall be fold or charged for the Purpose of redeeming any Land Tax, and the Money to arise

thereby shall not exceed the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and the Confutation for the Redemption of such

Land Tax shall in the Contract be stipulated to be paid in Money, then and in such Cafe ic shall be lawful

for the respective Purchasers or Mortgagees of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-

ments, or the respective Grantees of any Rent Charge thereout, to pay their respective Purchase or Mort-

gage Monies to the Receiver General for the County or Riding, or the Collector for the Shire or Stewartry,

where the fame Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be situate, whose Receipts

shall be as effectual in all Refpcds to discharge such respective Purchasers, Mortgagees, or Grantees, as the

Receipt of the Cashier of the Bank of England would have been in case such Money had been paid into the

Bank ; and the respective Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, whose Land Tax shall have been

redeemed therewith, shall be entitled to have and receive the same Discharges, and their respective Estates

shall be exonerated and discharged from such Land l ax, in the same Manner in all Respects as if such Mo-

nies had been actually paid by them ; and'in case there shall be any Surplus of such Monies after reserving

the Confederation for such Land Tax, the fame shall be paid to a Trustee or Trustees to be named by the

respective Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, redeeming such Land Tax, in order that the fame

may be applied in the Manner direfled by the said A<St * respe&irtg surplus Stock, where the fame shall not ex-

C.

