A. D. 1800. Anno 39® & 40® Georgii III. C. 87. 423

tf'airofor the Purpose of inspedin£ artd bbferving thfc Conduct of all and every or any other Person and

Persons who shall from TirpctoTime be employed on bo?rd of any Ship or Vessel in or about the lading or

unlading,thereof as the Cafe may be ; and for the Purpose of taking all such Measures as may be necessary

forproviding against Fire and'other Accidents, as alfd for the Purpose of preserving Peace and good Order

on board of any Ship or Vessel, and for the effectual Prevention in all Cales of any Felonies or Misdemean-

orsbeing committed on board any Ship or Vellel, and for the effectual Detection of any Felonies or Mifde-

meanors what foe ver which may have been committed, or which the said Surveyor may have reasonable

Cause to fuspect’ to have been committed, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XII. ‘And whereas divers ill disposed and fufpcdled’Persons, and reputed Thieves, frequent the said

c River, and the Quays and Warehouses near and adjoining thereunto, and the A venues to the fame Quays

c and Warehouses, and the Streets and Highways leading thereto, with Intent to commit Felony on the

c Persons*and Property of his Majesty’s Subjects there being ; and although their evil Purposes are suffi'

* ciently mahifeft, the Power of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace to demand of them Securities for their

• good Behaviour Hath not bee'n of sufficient Effect to prevent them from carrying their evil Purposes into

c Execution1*/ be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shal! and may be lawful for

any Constable or Surveyor appointed under the Authority of this Act within the Limits aforesaid, to appre-

hend every such Person, and convey him or them before any of the fat'd Special Justices to be appointed as

aforesaid) or any other Justice of the Peace 5 and if it shall appear before the said Justice, upon ihe Oath of

one or more credible YVitnefs or Witnesses, that such Person or Persons is or are a Person or Persons of evil

Farae, and a reputed Thief or Thieves, 3nd such Person or Persons shall not be able to give a satisfactory

Account of himself or themselves^ and of his or their Way of living, and it shall a)so appear to the Satisfac-.

tion of the said Justice that there is just Ground to believe that such Person or Persons was or were on or in

the said River, Quays, or Warehouses, or in such Avenue, Street, or Highway as aforesaid with such Intent

as aforesaid,. every such Person shall be deemed a Rogue and Vagabond, within the Intent and Meaning of

the Statute made in the fevemeenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to

amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and difirderly Persons

and to Houses of Correction : Provided always, That if any Person shall think himself aggrieved by the Judg-

ment of such Justice as aforesaid, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General

or Quarter Seifioos of the Peace to be held for the County or Place wherein the Cause of Complaint shall

have arisen, such Person at the Time of his Conviction entering into a Recognizance, with two sufficient

Sureties, conditioned persona 11 y to appear at the said Sessions to try such Appeal. and abide the further'

Judgment of the Justices at such Sessions assembled ; and in case such Conviction mall be affirmed at such

Sessions, the foid Justices may adjudge such Person to be a RogUe and Vagabond, and proceed against

such Person in the same Manner as theymight have done if such Rogue and vagabond had been committed

tO'theHouseof Corrfcdion until such General or’Quarter Sessions : Provided always, That no Person con-

vided under this Act shall thereby become liable to ariy other Punishment than Imprisonment to hard La-

bour for a Tcriri not exceeding six Months, taking into the Computation any actual Imprisonment which

such Person shall have suffered b$r his Commitment until such'Session.* ,

fiooi* If the Conviction be afifrnied, the Jbftjced may ptocetd against the dfftnder as if he had been committed until the Sessions.

. not liable to any other Punishmefir than Imprisonment not exceeding six Months.

SuCpe&cd P^r-

fqns and repu-

ted Thieves

frequenting the

River, and the

Quays and

Warehouses,

Sec. adjoining,

with a felonious

Intent, may be

apprehended by

the ConstabJes

or Surveyors,

and conveyed

before the Spe-

cial Ju fliers, or

any other Juf-

tice ; and if it

shall appear

that there is

just Ground to

Aifpelt such was-

their Intent,

they shall be

deemed Rogues

and ^agaboods

within the

Meaning of 17

Geo. 2. c. 5.

[5« 3a Geo. «.

r. jj. , i7.J

Persons think-

ing themselves

aggrieved, may

appeal to the

Quar ter Scf-

Persons convUkd

XIII. And btf it furth’ef enacted. That if any Person shall wilfully destroy or damage, or endeavour to

dfcttrbyordamage, orft)£ wilfully concerned in deftrpying or damaging, or endeavouring to destroy or da-

mage, any Boat or Boats then belonging to, or hired or employed by or by Authority of the said Special

Ttmicear, or any Part of the Sails, Oars, or other Tackle, Stores, Goods, or Furniture contained in or be-

longing to any such Boat, every rerfon so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such Boat so destroyed

or damaged, or attempted to be deftro>ed or damaged, or of which any of the Tackle or other Contents’

{haft have been so destroyed or damaged, or attempted to be destroyed or damaged as aforesaid, any Sum not

exceeding fifteen Pounds, dr shall suffer Imprisonment for any Time not exceeding three Months, over and

above aify such Damages as majj be recoverable by Action at Law against any such Offender.

XIV. 4 And whereas, for the Purpose of iucrealing the Facility ot Depredation, it hath been a common

4 Practice amongst various Classes of Persons concerned in the landing and warehousing of Merchandize

•"from on board Ships and Vessels in the said River, wilfully to injure and.promote the opening and break-

4 ingofCafks, Bags, and other Packages, and the Spilling of their Contents / for Remedy thereof, be it

ftirthct.enacted, That if any Person employed in the landing or warehousing of any Goods and Merchandizes,

of any other Person, shall wilfully, or through culpable Negligence or Careleflhefs, cause or luffer/or be con-

cerned in causing or fuftefingto be broken, Hruifed, pierced, started, cut, torn, or otherwise injured, any

Caflc, Box, Chest, Bag, dr other Package, containing, or being designed and prepared for containing any

Inch Goods or Merchandizes, while on board of any Barge, Lighter, or other Craft lying or being in the

said River, or any Quay, Wharf, or Landing Place adjacent to the fame, or in, or in the Way to or from'

any Warehouse to or from which such Package shall have been removed, removing, or about to be re*

moved, with Intent that the Contents of such Package, or any Part thereof, maybe (pilled or dropped

ftom such Package, then and in such Cafe every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit

and pay any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings, and shall on Conviction be com-

mitted for any Term not exceeding one Calendar Month, determinable upon the Payment of such Penalty

to impfofed; and moreover, it shall and may be lawful to and Tor the Justice or Justices before'

whom such Conviction' shall have taken place, at his and their Discretion, to cause to be published in some

Newspaper

Penalty for da-

maging, Sec.

Boats belonging

to the Justice*

Penalty far

breaking, Sec.

Packages, with

an Intent that

the Concents

may be fpilkd.

