A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 13. 41

Penalty for not having delivered a Statement or Schedule, according to the Directions of this Act, in case

the said Commissioners shall be satisfied that such Person was, at the Time of the Delivery of such Statement

or Schedule, unable to deliver a more perfect Statement or Schedule, and in case such Pei (on shall, upon the

Requisition of the said Com mi Hi oners, deliver as perfect a Statement or Schedule as such Person shall from

Time to Time be enabled to give.

. perfett a Statement as he is#*ble, from Time to Time, when required by the Commissioners ;

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever the Time allowed by this Act for de-

livering any Statement or Schedule may not be sufficient for that Purpose, by reason of the Difficulty of

ascertaining the Particulars or Amount of any Income or otherwise, it shall be lawful for the respective Com-

miilioners, on Application to them for that Purpose, to enlarge the Time for delivering the fame ; and that

no Person shall be liable to any Penalty for not having delivered such Statement or Schedule, for Delivery

whereof such further Time shall be obtained, if the said Commissioners shall think fit so to order, and in such

Cafe all Proceedings for Recovery of any such Penalty shall be staid, on a summary Application for^ that

Purpose to the Court where such Proceeding shall be commenced : Provided always. That the said Com-

missioners shall not enlarge the Time for delivering such Statement: beyond forty Days, or the Time for

delivering such Schedule beyond thirty Days, before the Time when the first Instalment of the Duty

chargeable in respeit of the Income to which such Statement or Schedule shall relate would be payable if the

fame were duly charged with such Duty upon a Statement or Schedule delivered within the Time limited by

this A 8k.

LVII. And be it further enacted. That the said Commissioners shall cause Aflefifments to be made and

computed upon the Amount of Income contained in every such Schedule respectively with which they shall

not be dillatisfied, as soon after the Expiration of fourteen Days after such Schedule shall be return *d as they

conveniently cart, after calling upon the Party to verify the fame, upon Oath or Affirmation, if the said

Commissioners shall think the fame necessary, in which Cafe such Oath or Affirmation shall be final and

conclusive; but if the said Commissioners shall in any Instance have received no such Schedule in pursuance

of their Precept, or if they shall not be satisfied therewith, and the Party shall noton the Requisition of the

Commissioners have verified such Schedule in Manner aforesaid, or if the Inspector or Surveyor shall have

made any Surcharge upon any such Schedule, or objected to any Deductions made thereupon, for the Purpose

of discharging the lame, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby

required, unless they, or so many of them as are herein-before mentioned, after having heard such Reasons as

the Surveyor (hill lay before them, fee Cause to disallow such Surcharge or Discharge, in every such Cafe, to

summon the Party mentioned in any such Schedule, or in any such Notice or Certificate of Surcharge or

Discharge, before them to be examined, and also any other Person or Persons whom they shall think able to

give Information respecting the Income of such Person, at a Day and Place to be fixed by the said Commis-

lioners, of which three Days Notice at the least shall be given to the Person or Persons to be summoned; and

upon the Appearance of such Party so to be charged before the said Commissioners, or any two or more

Commissioners acting for the said Division or Place, or upon the Appearance of any Person or Persons sum-

moned to give Evidence, to receive and take Information, according to the Powers vested in them by this

A&, from the Party or other Persons so summoned, and attending to give Evidence touching the Particulars

mentioned in any fu^fi Schedule, or touching any other Particulars omitted to be mentioned, or of which

no Schedule shall have been delivered, and which ought to have been mentioned in such Schedule, or on ftirfi

other Points as they shall think necessary to ascertain the Rate and Proportion with which such Person ought

to be charged 5 provided that such Party shall be at Liberty, at any Time before he or she (lvall be called

upon to verify his or her Schedule on Oath or solemn Affirmation, as herein-after is mentioned, to amend

such Schedule in all such Particulars wherein he or she shall fee Occasion; and if the said Commissioners

shall not be difl'atisfied with such amended Schedule, then an Assessment shall be made and the Rates and

Duties computed thereupon in the Manner before directed.

at ion, and shall examine them on ail Points necessary to ascertain the Charge to be made ; hut the Party shall be r.t Liberty to amend his Schedule,

before being required to verify it on Oath [fee § 5^], and if the Commissioners are satisfied witu such amended Schedule, they may assess the Party

accordingly.

sioners Jue satis-

fied tint he

unable to de-

liver one more

perfett; and if

he deliver as

[•rjfccc. 71. J

Commissioners

may enlarge the

Time for <it h-

vering in State-

mentuand Sche-

dules, to any

Time not be-

yond 40 and 30

Days before the

first Inilainient

of the Duty :

Proceedings

previously had

for Penalties

may be staid in a

summary Way.

Assessments

/hall be made

(after fourteen

Days) by the

Commissioners

on such Sche-

dules, which

shall be verified

on Oath if re-

quired j but if

no Schedule be

returned, or an

unsatisfadory

one, andrefufed

to be verified on

Oath, or if the

Inspector, Sec.

has made any

Surcharge, Scc.

on the lame,

not disallowed

by the Commis-

sioners; they

shall summon

the Party

chargeable to

attend, and be

examined (on

three Days No-

tice), and also

any other Per-

fons, to give

them In form -

LVIII. And be it further enacted. That every Person who shall appear before the said Commissioners for

the Purposes of this Act, in pursuance of such Summons as aforesaid, for the Purpose of giving any

Testimony or Evidence touching or concerning any Rate or Aileffinent made or any Statement or Schedule

delivered in pursuance of this Act, or touching any Doubt, Question, -or Difficulty which shall arise relating

thereto, (other than the Party to be charged and mentioned in 1’uch Schedule, or the Clerk, Agent, or Servant

of, or other Person confidentially entrusted or employed in the Affairs of the said Party,) shall, before he,

(he, or they shall proeeed to such Testimony or Evidence, take an Oath, or being one of the People called

^Hikers, a solemn Affirmation, (which Oath or Affirmation any one or more of the said Commissioners is

and are hereby authorized and required to administer,) that the Testimony or Evidence to be given by him,

her, or them, shall contain the whole Truth, and nothing but the Truth, in respect of the Matter or Qutftion

concerning which such Testimony or Evidence is to be given.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That where the Party mentioned in such Schedule, or the Clerk, Agent,

or Servant of the Party or other Person confidentially entrusted or employed as aforesaid, (hull appear

before the said Commissioners for the Purpose of giving such Testimony or Evidence, then and in every such

Cafe the Substance of the 7’eftimony or Evidence given by any such last mentioned Person or Persons

shall be, and the said Commissioners are hereby required 10 cause the fame to be reduced into Writing, and

39CSE0.UI. G to

All the Parties

so summoned

(except the

Party charge-

able, or lus con-

fidential ,

Agent) shall

give their Evi-

dence on Oulk.

Where the Party

chargeable, or

his Ag^nt, at-

tends, the Sub-

fiance of their

Evidence shall

