491

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. xlvii.'

“ rowed shall be applied in completing the Docks. § 22. Entries of such Alignments to be made by the

V Company’s Clerk; and Alignments transferable by Indorsement. Indorsement to be notified and en*

Ci tered within twelve Days by the Clerk. No Entry required if Security shall not exceed 100l.; but may

pass by Indorsement of Aflkmee’s Name only. § 23. Interest on Monies borrowed to be paid h$lf~

4‘ yearly in Preference to the Dividends. § ,24. Company empowered to make Dock or Docks within the

46 Limits prescribed in the Parishes of St. Botolph Aldgate, Saint John Wapping, St. George Middlejex, and

*' St. Paid's Shadwelly all within the Tower Hamlets and in Middlejex. § 23. Company not to make

€t Slips, tffc. for building or repairing Vessels; or be concerned in Ship-building, fcsV. §26. [as under § 72

' 41 of 39 Geo. III. c. lxix.] Directors empowered to build and make a Wall round the Dock for unloading

44 Ships, as also to inclose the Quays. No Housejo be built within thirty Feet of the said Wall on Pe-

14 naltyof 100l. and 50/. per Mopth. § 27. Company empowered to supply the Docks, &c. with Water

44 from the Thames. ^ 28. To make Bridges and other PafLges. § 29. Company to cause Sewers and

44 Drains to be arched over; and to build new ones under the Direction of the Commissioners of Sewers.

44 Such new Sewers to be vetted in and under the Direction of the Commissioners of Sewers. § 30*

44 Power to purchase Land and to treat. §31. Limiting the Power of purchasing to five Years. §32.

44 Corporate or Collegiate Bodies, and incapacitated Persons enabled to fell. §33- When Parties refuseor

44 are unable to treat, &c. five Directors may issue a Precept for impannelling a Jury, and proceeding ex-

4< adtly as under § 17 of 39 Geo. III. Cap. lxix. who are ,(6 be drawn as the A& of the third Year of King

%< Geo. II. (r. 25.) directs. Jurymen may be challenged. Justices, on* Application of either Party, may direct -

*4 a View of thd Premises. Jury to assess the Value on Oaths. Verdict of the Jury, &c. to be final, pre-

*4 vious Notice being given to the Parties interested. If the Sum assessed shall not exceed the Sum offered,

44 the Cotts of such Aneflment, iffe. to be paid by such Body Politick, &c. 1 and the Directors may retain 4

44 the fame,mit of the Sum so assessed. § 34. The Justices at General or Quarter Sessions empowered to

44 impose Fines, not exceeding ioA for Non-attendance of Sheriffs, Jury, Witnesses, &c. 5 35- On

4« Payment or Tender of Money allowed for Lands, &c. purchased, the Vendors to execute a Conveyance

44 to any thirteen Directors. In case of not making out Titles; or Refusal to execute Conveyances; or

^4 if Owners cannot be found; Purchase Money shall be inverted in 3 perCcnt. Bank Annuities, in the

«4 Name of the Accountant General, subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery, on Motion or Pe-

44 tition, on Behalf of the Claimants, f $£. And on such Payment the Estates purchased shall vest absolute-

4C ly in the Company. § 37. Company empowered to purchase Shadiuell Waterworks for 50,000l. § 38.

44 Money payable to Corporations or incapacitated Persons, if amounting to 200J. shall be paid into the

44 Bank in the Accountant General's Name, subject to the Orders of the Court of Chancery, for the Be-

44 nefit df the Parties entitled, f 39, Sums under 200l. and exceeding 20I. may be either so paid, or to

44 two Trustees, at the Option of the Parties, their Guardians, &c. § 40. Sums less than 20/. may be

44 applied to the Use of the Parties entitled to Rents, tAc. § 41. Where any Question Qiall arise touching

«4 the Title to Money, paid into the Bank* thq Perton who shall be in Possession of the Lands, at the

44 Time of such Purchase, shall be deemed entitled thereto, according to such Possession, until the contrary

44 is proved. § 42. The Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by t^e

44 Company. § 43. Persons having any Right, tAc. shall enter their Claims with the Clerk of the Peace for

44 ATiddlJex within five Years; or bebarredr $ 44. [as under § 2 6 of 39 Geo III. Cap. lxix.)—-But may

44 recover the Purchase Money, (by Action of Debt, or for Money had and received, or by Bill in Equity,)

44 &c. from Persons receiving the fame. § 45. Tenants at WilL&fc. may be compelled to deliver roflef-

*4 fion on six Months’ Notice. $ 46. [as under % 28 of 39 Geo. III. Cap. lxix.]^-Mortgagees on Tender of

44 Principal and Interest, to convey: On Refusal, Interest to cease. § 47. The Company not to pay to

44 Mortgagees more than the real Value of Premises. § 48. Bargains and Sales to have the Force of Fines

44 and Recoveries. $ 49. Upon Payment of Principal and Interest due to Mortgagees into the Bank,

44 Premises to vest in the Company. § 50. All Monies to be paid or tendered before any Use made of the

44 Premises. § 51. Penalty of Perjury on -giving false Evidence. § 52. Directors may fell, let, or ex-

44 change Estates, with Preference to original Owners. § 53. Docks to be completed in seven Years.

44 Their Depth to be within fifteen Inches of Low Water Mark. § 54. As settled by two Elder Brothers

44 of the Trinity House. § 55.”

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the said London Dock Company shall have full Power and Au- Empowering

thority, by their Servants, Agents, and Workmen, tu enter on and deepen and scour out the Beach and the Dock Coen*

Bed of the River Thames-, a/id forever after maintain and preserve the Depth so made from the Locks, Piers, the Bed of°t he

or other Works at the Entrance from the River to the said Docks at ShadtvellDock, BellDocky and Her- River, and pre-

mitage Dock* so as to admit Vefieis navigating or entering into the said Basons and Docks from the said fervingittoa

River Thames, with the fame or a greater Depth of Water than is on the Sills of the Locks or Entrances to certain D^pth.

the said Basons and Docks.

44 Company to make Sluices, ZAc.; and to repair and cleanse the Docks. § 57. All Ereflions, tAc. made,

44 to be vested in the Company; who are empowered to prosecute in case of Damages done to such Works.

4C § 58 ”

LIX. And be it further enacted, That, in Confederation of the great Charges and Expences which the Authorizing the

making, building, erecting, and providing such Bason or Basons, Dock or Docks, Quays and Wharfs, Company to

Sluices, Bridges, Roads and other Works, and the supporting, maintaining, and keeping the fame in toke RatC5*

Repair for the future, from and after Notice of the Completion of the said Dock or Docks shall be given by

publick Advei tisement in the London Gazette, and in two or more publick Morning Newspapers usually

3 R a v circulated

