A.D. 1800.

Anno 390 Sc 40° Georgii III.

C. 60.

35*

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Duties of Excise by this A St dire»Sted for or in reflect of Spi-

rits imported dire<5tly from the said Settlement, Territories, or Dependencies, miy bj bonded and secured,

and shall bi paid and payable in such Manner only, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as the

Duties of Excise imposed for or in respeit of Spirits, being of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of the

British Sugar Plantations in the Ilfejl Indies may be now bonded and secured, and are by Law paid and

payable.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and singular the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions,

Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in or by any Act or Acts 0} Parliament novr in force are contained,

provided, settled, or established, for or in respect of the importing Rum or Spirits of the Growth, Pro-,

cfuce* and Manufacture of the Britisho Sugar Plantations in the JVcJl Indies, or landing the fame before Pay-

ment of the Duties of Excise, or lodging or securing the fame in Warehouse* for that Purnofe provided,

upon the Proprietor or Importer giving Bond as therein required j and all and fmgular the Fines, Penal-

ties, and Forfeitures for or in respect thereof, shall bcufed, applied, practised, and put in Execution for or

in respect of Spirits imported duedlJy from the fa id Settlement of the Gibe of Good Hope, or the Terri-

tories or Dependencies thereof, as fully and ttE&udly to all Intents and Purpufes as if all and every the

feid Rules, Regulations, Reftiiclions, Provisions, Fines* Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and

Things were particularly repeated and re-enaited in this pr;ifent Atft.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Duties of Excise and Customs by this Act directed for or in

respect of Spirits imported-irom the said Settlement, Territories, or Dependencies, shall be allowed on the

Shipping thereof as Storts, to be spent and consumed on boar;! in any Voyage to Parts beyond the Seas, in

the lame Manner as the Bid Duties imposed for or in respect of Rum or Spirits of the Growth, Produce,

and Manufacture of the British Sugar Plantations in the Ilf/} Indies, imported into this Kingdom directly

from the said Sugar Plantations, are by Law directed to be allowed.

VII. And be it further enacted. That all Wine and Spirits of the Produce of the said Settlement of the

Cape of Good Hole, or the Territories or Dependencies thereof, which shall be taken and condemned as

Prize, and sold by the Cantors or their Agents, and taken out of any Warehouse, wherein the fame shall

have been secured, to be consumed in this Kingdom, in pursuance of an Act palfid in the thirty-third Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, /In Ac7 for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respeif

to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom, shall be subject and liable to the Duties of

Cuibms and Excise by this Act impoled, or directed to be paid for or in respect of Wine or Spirits re-

flectively the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories, or Dependencies, imported ; and such Duties

shall be paid and payable by such Persons, and in such Manner as the former Duties, by the said Act of the.

thirty-third Year aforesaid imposed, are payable by Law-

VIH. And be it further enacted. That the Duties of Customs payable tinder or by virtue of this A&, for:

or in respeeft of Wine or Spirits respectively, the Produce of the said Settlement of the Cabe of Good Hope,

or the Territories or Dependencies thereof, shall be managed ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered,

and paid in such and the like Manner, and in or by any or either of the Means, Ways, or Methods by

which the former Duties of Customs lor or in respect of such Wines and Spirits respectively were or ought

to be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, and paid ; and the Drawbacks of Customs'

payable or allowable under or by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of any such Wine or Spirits respec-

mely, exported as Merchandize, shall be paid or allowed in fuc'n and the like Manner, and in or by any

or either of the Means, Ways, or Methods by which the former Drawbacks of the Customs for and in re-

spect of such Wines or Spirits respaciively exported as Merchandize, were or ought to be paid or allowed ;

and that all such Wine and Spirits respectivtly, for or in respect vvheieof, any Du y of Custon\s is by this'

Act imposed or made payable, or for or in respect whereof any Drawback of Customs is by this Act directed

to be paid or allowed, shall be, and such Wine and Spirits respectively are hereby made subject and liable*

to ail and every the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restricuons, Provisions, and Forfeiting* respectively

to which Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in general were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Par-*

liument in force immediately before the said fifth Day of 'July one thousand eight hundred, respecting the

Revenue of Customs ; and all and every Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture of any Nature or Kind whatever, for

any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immedi-

ately before the said fifth Day of 'July one thousand eight hundred, made for securing the Revenue of Cuf-

toms, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Powers, Directions, Clauses, Matters,

and Things therein contained, (unless where expressly altered by this Act,) shall and the lame are hereby

respectively directed and declared to extend to, and the fame shall respectively be applied, practised, and

put in Execution for and in respect of the several Duties of Customs by this Act imposed or directed, to■«*

be paid, and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs by this Act granted, or directed to be paid or allowed, in

as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Aci>, Clauses,

Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Penalties, and For-

feitures respectively, were particularly repeated 2nd re-cn.icted in the Body of this Act.

IX. And be it further.enacted, That fitch of the Duties of Customs as shall arise, or become payable irr

that Part of Great Britain called England, under or by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of Wine or

Spiiits respectively, the Produce of the find Settlement of the Cape cf Good Hope, or the Territories or

Dependencies thereof, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England

for the Time being, and such thereof as shall arise or become payable m that Part of Great Britain called

Seotlandy shall he under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, for the 'Time

being ;

and the Duties

of Excise there-

on may be

bonded in the

same Manner.

Regulations rt*

specting im-

ported Spirits

of the Britishl

West India

Plantations

shall be applied

to Spirits fronx

the Cape j

and the Duties

shall be allowed

on shipping

thereof to be

consumed in

Voyages as for

West India

Spirits.

Wmc and Spi-

rits of the CaptJ

condemned as

Prize, and taken

out of any

Warehouse, un-

der 33 Geo. 3.

c. 34 for Home

Consumption,

shall be subject

to the Duties

imjposed by thi»

The Dutie* of

Customs pay-

able under this, ,

A&, and the

Drawback* al-

lowed, fh.ill be

.managed a for-

mer Duties and

Drawbacks,

Duties shall be

unde th_* Ma-

nage nt 01 the

Com Ti ’tiers

01 Customs and*:

Ex.ife resp:c-

livtly.

