A. D* i8od. Anno 39* & 40° Georgii III. C. 8o> 81. 409

made by virtue thereof, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General I/Tue,

and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence ac any Trial to be bad thereupon, and that the fame

was done in pursuance and in the Execution of the said Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, then

the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants •, 3nd if the Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his

Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall have been given upon

any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff', the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble

Cqfts, and have the like Remedy for the fame as the Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cafes

by Law; and that no such Action or Suit shall he brought against any Person for any Matter or Thing done

in pursuance or Execution of this Act, but within the Space of two Years after such Matter or Thing shall

have been done.

Treble Costs.

Limitation of

Actions two

Years.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect, except as is herein- Commence-

before otherwise provided, on the firtt Day of October one thousand eight hundred* nitnt of Aa

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act to repeal an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of thq Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds in the buying and selling of Hops, and for the better

Collection of the Duty on Hops; and to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Trade of

Hops. [28th July 1800.]

* TWHEREAS an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An

c VV Act to prevent Frauds in the buying andJelling of Hops, has been found insufficient to answer the

* Purposes thereby intended, and it is therefore expedient to repeal the said Act, and in lieu thereof to make

c such Provision as is herein-afterdireded •/ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Ma-

jesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing

of this Act, the said Act shall be,^ and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted. That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Owner, Planter, or

Grower of Hops, before he, (he, or they shall begin to put any Hops into any Bag or Pocket, shall mark,

or cause to be marked on the Outside or each and every such Bag or Pocket, in large, plain, and legible

Letters or Characters, with durable Ink or Paint, his, her, or their Name or Names, and Place of Abode 5

and if any Owner, Planter, or Grower of Hops, shall begin to put any Hops into any Bag or Pocket with-

out having marked, or caused to be marked in Manner hereinbefore directed, the several Matters and

Things herein-before required and prescribed, every such Owner, Planter, or Grower, or other Person

or Persons so offending, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty

founds.

III. And be it further enacted. That no Owner, Planter, or Grower of Hops shall bag any Hops in any

Bag, the YVeight of which Bag shall be greater in Proportion to the gross Weight of such Bag and the

Hops contained therein than ten Pounds for every one hundred and twelve Pounds of the said gross Weight

of such Bag and the Hops contained therein; and if any Owner, Planter, or Grower of Hops shall

bag any Hops in any Bag, the Weight of which Bag shall.be greater in Proportion to the gross Weight

of such Bag and the Hops contained therein than ten- Pounds for every one hundred and twelve Pounds

of the grols Weight of such Bag and the Hops contained therein, then and in every such Cafe every

Owner, Planter, or Grower so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty

Pounds.

14 Geo. J.c. 681.

recited.

and repealed.

Owners, &c.

shall mark the

Bags with their

Names, &C- be-

fore they put ia

any Hops, oa

penalty of ZoL

Hops shall not

be bagged in

Bags of greater

Weight than id

the Proportion

of folb. for

eeery 112lb. of

the gross

Weight of Bag

and Hops, on

Penalty of 10L

IV. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as any Officer of Excise shall have weighed and officer of Ex-

taken Account of any Hops for the rurpose of ascertaining and charging the Duty thereon, such Of- cife ffiallmark

Acer shall, and he is hereby authorized and required to mark, or cause to be marked, in large legible Fi- on the Bags the

gures, with durable Ink or Paint, on the Outside of each and every Bag or Pocket, containing such Hops, thcYcar

the true gross Weight of such Bag or Pocket of Hops, together with the Date of the Year in which such of Growth, and

Hops were grown ; and also wi:h the true progressive Number of such Bag or Pocket, according to the the progressive

Numbers of the Bags or Pockets of Hops weighed and charged to each Owner, Planter, or Grower of Numhcrac-

H aps, during the then current Year or Hop Sealon; such Number to be taken progressively, beginning One, 10 }’iUf

Two, spid lo onwards, according to the Number of Bags or Pockets of Hops weighed and charged to each BaTcharged to*

Owner, Planter, or Grower as aforesaid, in each such current Year or Hop Sealon ; and if any Person or c*cn Owner for

Persons shall counterfeit or alter, orcaiife, procure, or suffer to be counterfeited or altered, any or either of theSeafon.

the Matteis or Things herein-before directed to be marked, or caused* to be marked and (o marked, or persons coun-

cause to be marked by any such Owner, Planter, or Grower of Hops, or so herein-before directed to be tcrtdtm? the

marked, and so marked by any such Officer as aforesaid, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each Marks aforesaid

and every such Offence, severally forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds 5 and if any Person or jfa

Persons shall wilfully deface or obliterate any or either of the Matters or Things herein-before directed to dctdc*il,lg Marks

be marked, or caused to be marked, and so marked, by any such Owner, Planter, or Grower of Hops, or ihal. forteit

herein-before directed to be marked, and so marked by any such Officer as aforesaid, or shall cause or pro-

cure any such Matter or Thing to be defaced or obliterated, or shall connive at any such Matter or Thing

being so defaced or obliterated, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, fe-

derally forfeit and lose .the Sum of twenty Pounds.

39oc4oG*o. HI. 3G V. 1 And

Goc e

