A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III.‘ C. 34, 35. 31*

- II. Provided always, That all Sugar and Coffee imported in ptirfuance of this Art shall be warehoused

immediately on Importation, and shall not be taken out of Warehouse to be used or contained in this King-

dom, but only for Exportation to foreign Parts.

III. Provided always, That no such Licence shall be granted to any Person or Persons who shall not have

exported, or given such Security as shall be required for exporting from this Kingdom according to Law, to

the Poftafllons in America belong!ng to the fame European Sovereign or State, any Goods or Commodities,

bearing such Proportion in Value to the Goods lb to be imported, as his Majesty, by and with the Advice

aforesaid, shall think reatonabie, and shall dirert.

Sugar and Cof-

fee to be vvarc-

housed immedi-

ately on Impoi t-

ation, See.

No Licence to

be granted to

any Person who

shall rot have

exportedGoQdf,

to such Coun-

tries, bearing such Proportion in Value to the Goods to be imported as his Majesty shall direct, Sec.

IV. Provided always, That if any Question shall arise in any Cafe, Whether any Thing which shall be Proof, in case of

done, was authorized to be done by virtue of any inch Licence, the Proof that such Thing was done under

the Circumstances, and according to the Terms and Conditions in such Licence to beexpressed, shall lie on c^ming^h*

the Person or Persons respectively claiming the Benefit of such Licence. Benefit of the

Licence,

CAP. xxxv.

An Act for granting a Bounty on the Importation of Oats, until the first Day of OSleber f

one thousand eight hundred. [ ift 1800.]

and R.ce, end

T X 7 HEREAS it is expedient'that Encouragement should be given for a limited Time, to the Import^ c. 53. on Rjc]

ation of Oats into this Kingdom iVlay it therefore pi case your Majesty that it may be enacted ;

.and be it enarted by the King’s mull Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame. That, from and after the passing of this Art, for Oats imported or brought into this Kingdom in A Bounty

TiriVfa Ships pr Vessels, or in Ships or Vessels belonging to Persons cf any Kingdom or State in Amity with granted on Oats

his Majesty, however the fame may be navigated, there shall be paid and allowed the following Bounty; imported btfofe

(that is to lay), whenever the average Price of Oats, ascertained and published in the London Gazette, *Ij 1 °°‘

under the Authority of any Art or Arts of Parliament, shall be less than forty Shillings per Quarter, there

shall be paid and allowed on every Quarter of Oats, (each Winchester Bushel whereof shall weigh thirty- '

six Pounds Avoirdupois or upwards,) a Bounty equal to the Difference between such average Price and

forty Shillings per Quarter, arid which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain before the first Day

of October one ihouland eight hundred, from any Port of Europe, or any Port in the Mediterranean, or in

Africa9 or from any of his Majesty *s Colonies in America, or the United States.

II. And be it further enacted, T hat the said Bounty shall be under the Management of the Commis- Bounty to be

sioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England and Scotland respertively, and shall be paid out of any Monies under lht Ma-

in their Hands, arising by any of the Duties or Revenues under their Management respertively, to the re- cemn^rnoners0

Ypective Importers or Consignets of such Oats: Provided always. That a due Entry shall be made with 0iXuttoms.Cr*

the proper Officers of the Customs, at the Port into which the fame shall be imported; Provided En, t. ,)e*

also, That the Collector or other proper Officer of the Customs of the Port where such Oats shall be im- made at tht Port

ported, do receive full and satisfartory Proof, that the said Oats, for which the Bounty herein allowed is of importation,

,claimed, 2re wholly and entirely without Mixture of any other Corn or Grain, or of Grain the Growth of and F,oof $iven

any other Country than in respert wheieof the said Bounty is claimed, and that in Default thereof, the Laid u,at.thff°M5

-Bounties shall not nor shall any of them be allowed or paid. t Mixture.'°m

III.Provided always, and be it enarted, That the Bounty granted by this Art shall not be paid, allowed, No Bounty to he

or received, unless the Oats shall be imported or brought respertively into some one or other of hE Majesty’s a]lovvcd u»kfs

Ports, (that is to say,) the Ports of London, Aberyjiwith, Ear rtf tuple, Beaumaris, Berwick Biddeford, Bcf pirteda\^er!»m"

ton, Bridgewater, Bridport, Bn/lol, Cardiff, Cardigan, Carl'jte, Carnarvon, Chtjier, Chichi fler, Cclchester, tain’Waces. *

■ Cowes, Dartmouth, Dover, Exeter, Falmouth, Fowcy, HartvLh, Hull, Ipfzcich, Lancajter, Liverpool, Lyme,

Lynn, Malden, Milford, Newcastle, Newhaven, Penzance, Plymouth, Pccle, Voi tsmouth, Pre/iou, Roche/}erf

Sandwich, Scarborough, Sher chain, Southampton, Stockton, Sunderland, Sica rjea, I Veils, Weymouth, White-

haven. Whitby> Wifocach, Yarmouth; Aberdeen, Ayr, Alloa, Borrowftonefs, Campbeltown, Dun frits, Dunbar,

Port Dundas, Dundee, Grangemouth, G’ajgow, including Pert Glasgow, Greenock, Kirkcaldy, Kirkcudbright,

Leith, Lerwick, AJontrofe, Perth, and Wig ton.

IV. And be it further enarted, That before any of the said Oats, imported or brought into this Kingdom Oats Imported,

for Bounty under toe Regulations of this Act, shall be delivered out of the Charge of the proper Officer or toleinfpe£Ud

Officers of the Customs of the Port where the tame shall be reflectively so imported or brought, such Oats lhc ^fficers

shall be carefully and attentively inserted or examined by such Officer or Officers of the Customs as the a^wo ftdful

Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respertively shall thii k fit to dirert for that Duty, ptrlor#s vv|j0

and two indifferent and difinterested Persons expeiienced in the Nature of the Article to beta inspected or arc to ccrtiiy

examined; which two indifferent and dilintcrcfted Persons shall be chosen by the principal Officers of the whether they

Customs at such Port, or any two of them, u hereof the Collector for the Time being shall be one; which aK in to*

said Officer or Officers of the Customs (o directed by the said Commiuoners of me Customs respertively, ir*akin^Mc;

and the said two indifferent and difinterested Persons so chc-fcn 2s atordaid to inst;e£t and examine the said

Oats, shall, upon having reviewed the fame, certify and declare upon their corporal Oaths, first aJmiui-

ftered by the said principal Offirers, or any two of them, whereof the Collector shall be one, (who are

hereby

