A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 11, 12/13. 291

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Obligation to his Majesty taken by the said Commissioners °^Iga5ionf

under this Act, nor any Content signed by any Sureties or Surety for the Purposes herein-before mentioned, commissioners

nor any Promiflbry Note to be given to the Secretary of the said Commissioners, as a Security for the Re- &cm™t i,abieto

payment of the Amount of any such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, nor any Affidavit, DepoGtion, Stamp Duties

or Receipt, taken or made under or by virtue of this Act, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatsoever.

CAP. XII.

An Act to continue, until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of

Parliament, an Act, passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Fifteen,

videlicet, on the sixteenth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-live 5 and also an Act,

passed in the same Year, Chapter Eighty, videlicet, on the twenty-second Day of May one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-five; and also another Act, passed in the thirty-sixth Year of Hi* present Majesty,

Chapter Seventy-six, videlicet, on the fourteenth Day of AIay>onz thousand seven hundred and ninety-

fix., relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of

Orders in Council for that Purpose; and to continue, for the same Period, an Act, passed in the Session

of Parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Twenty-

one, videlicet,on the twenty-eighth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, authoriz-

ing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good

Hope. —[^th January 1799.J

44 3£ Geo. III. Cap. 15.1 35 Geo. III. Cap. 80.; and 36 Geo III. Cap. 76. recited; and (having been con—

44 tmued by 37 Geo. III. Cap. 12. and 38 Geo. III. Cap. 9,) further continued by this Act to the Time

*c Rated in the Title- 37 Geo. III. Cap. 21. (also continued by 38 Geo. III. Cap. £.) further continued,.by

* this Act, to the fame Time/*

CAP. XIII;

An Act to repeal the Duties imposed by an Act, mad« in the last: Session of Parliament, [Seeoife*. *.

for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War; and to make

more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties-upon In^

come, in 1‘reu of the said Duties.—[9th Jhnuary: 1799.}

4 Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

assembled, being desirous to raise an ample Contribution for the Prosecution of the War; and

4 taking Notice that the rrovisions made for that Purpose, by an Act of the last Session-of Parliament,

4 intituled, An Act for granting to Hix Majesty an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the IVar, have 38 Geo. T.

4 in sundry Instances been greatly evaded, and that many Persons are not assessed under the said Act in a c.16. recited.*

4 just Proportion to their Means of contributing to the Public Service; have cheerfully-and voluntarily

4 given and granted, and do by this Act give and grant, unto your Majesty, the several and respective

4 Rates and Duties herein-after mentioned : And we do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be

4 enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with, the Advice and Consent

of the Lofds Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of (acne, Thafcfo much of the said recited Act as charges any Person with an additional Duty in Somuch thereof

Proportion to the Amount of the Rates or Duties to which such Person was or should be assessed according Mimporesadd*—■

to any Assessment or Assessments made in pursuance of any Act or Acts in force at the Time of passing the

(aidrecited Act, or as authorizes or appoints Commissioners for executing the fame, or for hearing and

determining Appeals, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed from and after the fifth Day ofApril one pealed; from

thousand (evenhundred and ninety-nine ; save and except in Cafes herein-after mentioned, and in all Cafes April 5,1799;

relating to the recovering, collecting, paying, or accounting for any. Arrears of the Rates or Afl'efl'ments exceptincertain-!

charged by virtue of the said Act, which may become payable on or before the said fifth Day of April one '1

thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and may after that Time remain unpaid.; or to the recovering) any 4 Y > 9-J

Penalty or Forfeiture which shall have been then incurred under and by virtue of the said Act.

II. And it further enacted, That, instead of the Rates and Assessments by the said Act imposed and The following

hereby repealed' as aforesaid, and during the Term herein-after mentioned, there shall be raised, levied, titw Duties

collected, and paid annually, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, throughout Ihaii fc* imposedr

Kingdom of Great Britain, upon alt Income arising firom Property in Great Britain belonging to any all Income,

kis Majesty/s Subjects, although not resident in Great Britain, and ‘ upon all Income of every i^Gr^Br*7

Pert* residing in Great Britain, and of every Body Politick or Corporate, or Company, Fra- tam, belonging

ttrnity, or Society of Persons (whether Corporate or not Corporate) in Great Britain, whether to Subjetfb

any (ueh Income as aforesaid (hatt arWe from Lands* Tenements, or Hereditaments, wheresoever though not re*. -

the fame shall-be situate, in Great Britain ox elsewhere, or from any Kind* of personal • Property, there;.

•r ether Property whatever, or' firom any Profession, Office, Stipend, Pension* Employment, Trade, or JnconMToAis:

residing>. and pC aft Corporations, 8tc> in-Greaa Britain! whether arising from Lands in Great Britain or elsewhere; orfrom PeWbnai Property t;

w fre:n ao^Profession, Office, Tr.dc, viz* ; \

Vocation,

G >gl

