A.D. 1799.

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 55. 117

Substitute, is hereby directed and recmired to dimmon an Aifize of at least twenty-one impartial and dif-

interested raen? each of whom shall be an Heritor or Tenant of Land, paying thirty Pounds Sterling of

yearly Rent within the said County or Stewartry, or in the Cafe of Heritors occupying their own Lands,

then of thirty Pounds Scots of valued Rent, on such Day as shall be mentioned in the Interlocutor aforesaid 5

which Assize being called on the said Day, the Number of Persons then attending on the said Assize shall be

reduced to nine by each Party, (that is, the Proprietor of the Mill on the one Part, and the Proprietor or

Proprietors of the thirled Lands or Tenements on the other,) (hiking off alternately, beginning on the Part

of the Proprietor of the Mill, or in case of any of the Parties not appearing, by the Sheriff or Steward

Depute or Substitute, (hiking off for and on Behalf of such Party, till the Number be reduced to nine, who

shall be sworn, and constitute a Jury for the Determination of the annual Value of the Thirlage Services

and Predations thereto annexed, which is submitted to their Consideration ; before which Jury, and the said

Sheriff, or Steward Depute or Substitute, the said Petition, and Answers and Decree, together with such

Evidence as any of the Parties may incline, shall be laid ; which Evidence shall be taken in Writing, and

remain for four Years at least upon Record in the Court where it was taken ; and after deliberating thereon,

and hearing Parties and their Procurators, if they shall desire to be heard, and u^on a dtfe Consideration of

alltheCircumstances of the Cafe, the said Jury (nail, by their Verdi# or Determination, (lx and ascertain

the Amount of such annual Payment, in Grain of such Kinds, and in such Quantity and Amount, as to

the said Jury shall appear to be a just, fair, and eaual Value and Compensation for the said Right of ThirU

age, and all and every Service, Preftation, or Reftri#ion thereto annexed or incident; of which Verdi# or

Determination an Abbreviate shall beregistered by any of the Parties in the General Register of Safines at

‘Edinburgh, or the particular Register for the said County or Stewartry, within sixty Days after the pro-

nouncing of such Verdi# or Determination: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall invali-

date or infringe the Right competent to the Proprietor of any Mill for supporting and repairing the Mill

Dam, and the Ledd or Aquedu# condu#ing the Water to such Mill, by taking Stones, Turf, or other

Materials, from the 'rhirled Lands of any neighbouring Heritor along which the said Aquedu# passes, or of

deepening or clearing the fame, conform to Use and Wont*

II. 4 And whereas the said Petition and Answers may contain Matters of Law touching Rights of

1 Thirlage, where to the said Sheriff, or Steward Depute or Substitute, has not a competent Jurisdic-

1 tion be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful to the said Sheriff, or Steward Depute or Substitute,

and they are hereby empowered and authorized to decide and determine, by their Order or Decree, on the

laid Petition and Answers, all Questions in Law therein contained, respe#ing the Nature, Quality, and Ex-

tent of the Thijdage to be valued, and Services, Predations, and Reftri#ions thereto incident, or the Claims,

Demands, and Deductions, made or craved by either of the Parties any Law or Practice to the contrary

notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That it shall not be lawful to the said Sheriff, or Steward Depute or Substitute,

to pronounce any Judgment or Decree, finding or declaring Lands to be thirled or aftridted to a Mill,

where the Proprietor or the Lands denies the Existence of any such Right of Thirlage, unless the.other

Party produce an Extra# of a Decree of Declarator pronounced by the Court of Session, or sufficient Evi-

dence thereof in Proof of his Right, and that the Lid Sheriff, or Steward Depute or Substitute, shall ('uch

Production not being made) dismiss the Petition in so far as regards the Lands which are denied to be

thiiled, and proceed only so the Valuation of the Thirlage of those Lands which are confcflcd to be thirled,

as in Manner is before directed.

IV. And be it speciahy enacted, provided, and declared, That after the Expiry of'three Years from the

Registration of the Verdi# of the jury, the said Verdi#, and the Proceedings had relative thereto, shall

not be reduced, set aside, reviewed, altered, or amended by the Court of Session, of any other Judicatory,

for any Negle# of the Provisions herein contained, or for any Informality or Error, or for any other Rea-

son or Pretext whatever ; and if any Party shall pursue any Process of Reduction of the Verdict of the Jury,

or other Process forfeiting the fame aside, or for altering or amending the tame, in the Court of Session, and

shall fail in such Pursuit or Process, such Party prosecuting as aforesaid shall be liable to the other Party or

Parties in full Costs of Suit.

V. And be it further enacted. That after such Verdi# and Determination as aforesaid, the Servitude of

Thiilage, and all Services, Predations, and Reftri#ions, pertaining or any way incident thereto, so va-

lued by the said Jury, shall cease to be exigible from, or binding upon either or any of the Parties, but that in

lieu thereof the said Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of the thirled Lands or Tene-

ments, shall be bound and obliged to pay, and the Proprietor of the Mill to which ihs Lid Lands or Tene-

ments are thirled, shall be bound and obliged to receive annually, at the Mill where the Multure under

fh<» former Sprvifiulft of 'Xhirlaoe was in tile to naifl. or nt fnmr nthpr ronvonipnf P! ir,° tin hr; fiYFrl hv fh#»

in the Option of the Payer, the Value of such Corn or Grain in Money^ according to the Value or

Price put upon such Kind or Kinds of Corn or Grain by the Fiars of the County in \vhich the Grain is

payable, for the Year Within which such Payment is due.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared. That such Verdi# or Determination

shall not be prevented or delayed by the Absence or Non-attendance of any Person interested in such Th*rl~

age, but that the Jury shall proceed on such Evidence as shall be produced to them by any of the paities

then and there attending, and pronounce such Verdi# and Determination as aforesaid, wh ch shall be as

valid and effectual,to all Intents and Purposes, as if all the Parties interested therein hud attended, and been

beard in relation thereto ] but it is also provided, that if any of the Parties shall shew fugicient Reason for

H adjourning

Ad not to in-

fringe the

Right of taking

Materials for

supporting Mill

Dams, See.

Sheriff, Ac. may

determine all

Questions in

Law contained

in Petitions and.

Answers.

Sheriff, Ac. not

to declare Land

thirled, if the

Proprietor deny

it, unless the

other Party

produce Proof

of the Right.

After three

Years Regis-

tration of the

Vcrdfft, it Hull

not be altered*

Ac.

After Verdict

all RtUriel.or>s.

10 cease, and

the Piopiicier

of the M.li fnaJI

be bound to

receive the

Conipenlation

in Corn, or

its Value in

Money, at the

Ou:.on of die

Payer.

Verditt rot. to.

be-delayed by

Abfjnce of any

I*,rfcr.s inte-

racted, but the

Day for taking

it may be ad-

it ui red, on fuf-

itcicrt Kiafon

being dv.vY'.K

