A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III.

C. 8 a.

169

Lime Street, five Men ;

Portsoken, ten Men;

Tower, sixteen Men;

And* for the Weft Regiment; by the Wards of

Aldersgate Within and Saint Martin's Le Grand> four Mena

-Aiderfgate Without five Men;

Bread Street, fix Men;

Castle Baynardj ten Men ;

Cheap, ten Men ;

Corawainer, five Men;

Crippkgate Within, ten Men ;

Cnpplegate Without, eight Men ;

Par ring don Within, nineteen Men ;

Farringdon Without, forty-four Men ;

Jjheenbithe, five Men;-

ymtry, five Men;

Walhrookj fix Men*

II. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty’s Commissioners of Lieutenancy fortfee City of London, Commiflionera

at any of their Courts of Lieutenancy, shall, and they are hereby required to issue Precepts to the Aldermen, J? ^eutenancy

Deputies, and Common Councilmen of the several Wards of the said City and the Liberties* and Precincts , t^there-

within the same, requiring them to cause the Number of Men, herein-before appointed, to be raised in speflive wards*

their respective Wards, to be provided; and the Aldermen or Deputies, and Common Councilmen of the to raise their

several Wards aforesaid, or the major Part of them, shall provide the Number of Men directed to be raised in Proportions,

their respective Wards, in the feme Manner, and with the fame Powers, and under and subject to the several

Clauses, Regulations, Provisions, Directions, Matters, and Things, in the said Act contained, with respect

to the railing of the Number of Men thereby ordered and directed to be raised.

IIL And be it further enacted, That in case any Militia Man serving in the said Militia shall desert or

absent himself from his Duty, and shall not return or be taken within the Space of three Calendar Months

from the Time of his so deferring or absenting himself, then, upon Certificate thereof from the Commanding

Officer of the Regiment to which such Militia Man shall belong, to the said Commissioners of Lieutenancy,

at any of their Courts of Lieutenancy, the said Commissioners shall and are hereby reauired, out of the

Trophy Tax raised for the said City, within ten Days next following, to provide another Man in the Place

<rf him*so deferring 5 and in case such Militia Man shall at any Time return, or be taken, he shall, notwith-

standingany Person shall have beenprovided to serve in his Room,be compelled to serve in the same Manner,

and for the fame Term, as if no Person had been provided in bisJRodm. Deserters, if taken, mail be compelled to serve.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Privates serving in the said Militia shall be pro-

moted to the Rank of Serjeants or Corporals therein, and the Commanding Officer of the Regiment in

which such Private or Privates shall serve, shall certify such Promotion to the said Commissioners, then the

laid Commissioners shall and are hereby required, out of the Trophy Tax raised for the said City, to

provide another Man or Men to serve in the Lieu and Stead of such Private or Privates so promoted; and

all such Men as shall be so provided by the said Commissioners, as well as all such as have been here-

tofore raised by the said Commissioners in lieu of Deserters, and also such as shall be hereafter raised

cithef by the Aldermen, or Deputies and Common Council, or by the said Commissioners, in pursuance of

this Act, in lieu of Deserters, shall be allotted to the fame Parishes as the Men were in whose Room they

are or shall be respectively raised, and shall be entitled to the fame Benefits in consequence of such Allotment

as other Men serving in the said Militia are or shall be by virtue of the said Act, or of this present Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That in addition to the Number of Serjeants by the said A,d directed to be

appointed to the said Militia, there shall be added one Serjeant to act as Serjeant Major, and one other Ser-

jeant to ad ps Quarter Master Serjeant, to each of the said Regiments, over and above the Proportion of

Serjeants and Corporals by the said Act directed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Clause in the said Act which directs that Serjeants or Corporals

of the said Militia may, by Sentence of a Court Martial, be reduced to Privates, shall, be, and the fame is

hereby repealed; and, in lieu thereof, be it enacted, That any Serjeant or Corporal of the said Militia may,

by Sentence of a Court Martial, be reduced to the Condition of a private Soldier of the said Militia, to serve

as such during any Time not exceeding fifteen Calendar Months, if the Regiment shall not be then em-

bodied or in actual Service, but if the Regiment shall be then embodied, or in actual Service, to serve as

aforesaid until the fame shall Be disembodied, after which Time, or at the End of the said fifteen Calendar

Months, as the Cafe may be, if not regularly re-appoihted to the Rank of a Non-commissior ed Officer,

he shall be discharged from the Seryice.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Clause in the said Act, which directs how the Charges of Pay,

Cloathing, Trophies, and other incidental Expences of the said Militia are to be defrayed, shall be and

the feme fc hereby repealed; and, in lieu thereof, be it enxded. That for defraying the necessary Charges

of Pay, Cloathing, Trophies, and other incidental Expences of the said Militia, it shall be lawful for the

feid Commissioners to continue to raise and levy, in every Year, the Proportion of one Month’s Tax,

amounting to four thousand six hundred and sixty-six Pounds thirteen Shillings and four Pence, which the

39 Geo. IIL Z f said

If Deserters or

Absenteesbenot

taken or do not

return in three

Months, the

Commissioners

shall provide

other Men out

of the Trophy

Tax.

Commissioners

null provide out

of the Trophy

Tax Men to

serve instead of

those promoted.

A Serjeant

Major, and a

Quarter Master

Serjeant, shall

be added to each

Regiment.

§ 31 of recited

A& repealed.

Non-Commis-

stoned Officers

may be reduced

to Privates for a

certain Time.

§ 44 of recited

Act repealed.

How the Pay,

Arc. of the Mili-

tia is to be

defrayed.

