Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A. D/1799.

XCV. And be it farther enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons,at arty Time or Times

during the Continuance of this Act, to pay, or cause to be paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank

of England, or to their Cashier or Carriers, any Sum or Sums of Money, and to require a Certificate or Cer*

tificates acknowleding such Payment; which Certificates shall be received by the several Receivers and Col-

lpftors of the said Rates and Duties as Cash, and in Discharge of so much of the said Rates and Duties as shall

oe mentioned in such Certificates rcfycftively: Provided always, That no Discount or Allowance whatever

shall be allowed or paid on any Sum or Sums of Money to be paid into* the Bank of England, in pursuance

of this Act.

$© C, 13*.

Manner; an* Surveyor or Inspector of the said Rates and Duties, or as the Commercial Commissioners to be appointed

the Comuvf- under this A61 may lawfully do on the Advice and Assistancp of any Persons to be called in by them for that

gjESa; Purpose as herein-after mentioned.

Assistance the Information of Occupiers and Surveyors of Land; and aft as Commercial Commissioners may do with respectc to Afllstants, under § 98.

Pwfoos may

pay Money into

the Bank, and

receive Gcrtifi-/

cates, which

/hall be takvn

as Cash by the

Collectors; but

no Discount

shall be allowed

on such Payments. [By c. 21. § jo, 31. Discount it allowed.]

Persons in

Trade, and the

Bank and other

trading Corpo-

rations, defir-

©us to be assessed

by the Commer-

cial Commis-

floners, [fee the

next and juc-

feeding Sessionsf]

may signify the

fame to the

Assessors [in

Form, c. 22.

S:bed. C. No. x 5, J

within the

Time for re-

turning their

Statement$ and

may then de-

liver such State-

ment jto the

Commercial

Commissioners

Of the Distrilt

-or their sworn

Clerk, specify-

inr the Branch

on

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons residing in Great Britain, and en-

gaged in any Trade or Manufacture therein, or the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or

any other -trading Body Politick or Corporate, Company, Fraternity, or Society of Persons, whether

Corporate or not Corporate, in Great Britain, shall be delirous of being assessed by the Commercial Com-

missioners, to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, to the whole Rates and Duties granted by this Act,

or to so much thereof as may arise from Trade or Manufacture, and shall signify in Writing his, her, or

their Intention to be so assessed, within the Time herein limited for returning his, her, or their Statement, to the

Assessor or Assessors of the Parish or Place where any Afleilment upon such Person or Persons, Bodies, Cor-

porations, Companies, Fraternities, or Societies, ought to be made, according to the Form marked (C)

hereunto annexed, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons, by him, her, or themselves,or his, her, or their

Agent or Agents, and for such Bodies, Corporations, Companies, Fraternities, or Societies, by their re-

spective Chamberlains, Treasurers, Cashiers. or other Officers having the Receipt or Audit of the Income

of such Bodies, Corporations, Companies, Fraternities, and Societies respectively, instead of his, her, or

their delivering a Statement as herein-before required, to the Assessor or Assessors for the Paiifh or Place

where such Assessment as aforesaid ought to be made,to deliver the fame to the said Commercial Commissioners

to be appointed for any one of the Districts in which such Afleilment fs hereby directed to be made, or

to their Clerk or other Officer sworn under the Authority of this Act, who shall be authorized by such

respective Commissioners to receive the same, and which Statements shall be respectively made in the

Forms in the said Schedule annexed as before directed, but. nevertheless adding thereto, by every Person

engaged in Trade or Commerce, the particular Branch or Branches of- Trade or Commerce in which such

Person shall be engaged; and the said several Statements being so delivered shall be as effectual for the Pur-

pose of ascertaining the Sum to be assessed on such Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, Companies,

Fraternities, or Societies, as if the fame had been delivered to such Assessor or Assessors in pursuance of this

Act as aforesaid. ,

of Trade in which such Parties are engaged. 22. Sched. B. No. 10, 11 - ] [For the Mode of appointing and Applying these Commffonert and their

jtffjlanti, Jet ^ 110, et ftej. cf tbit jibl, and c. 41. ^ 7; For their Proceedings, fee further, ec. 21. 42 ]

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Commercial Commissioners to be appointed

as herein-after directed shall, as soon after their respective Appointments as conveniently may be, meet

to receive, or appoint a proper Person for receiving, all such Statements, iealed up, as shall be made to them

by or on the Behalf of any Person or Persons engaged in Trade or Manufacture, and residing within the

Limits of their respective Districts, or from or on the Behalf of any such Body Politick or Corporate, or

Company, Fraternity, or Society of Persons withijn the said Limits, and shall cause all such Statements frorii

Time to Time to be classed and registered in Books to be provided f6r that Purpose, and shall also from

Time to Time fix a Day or Days, not sooner than twenty-one Days from the Day of receiving any such

Statement, for taking the fame into Consideration, and shall from Time to Time meet for that Purpose, and

may divide themselves into Committees, each Committee confiding of not less than three Commissioners,

at such their Meetings, and afterwards proceed with all convenient Dispatch toascertain and determine the

Amount of the Sums to which any Person or Persons, Corporation, Company, Fraternity, or Society, de-

livering such Statements, ought to be charged by virtue of this Act, observing therein the Rules, Regulations*

and Directions of this Act, as herein-after ex pressed.

the Parties chargeable, according to the Provisions of this Act.

XC VIII. And be it further enacted, That on the Day or Days fixed for taking any such Statements into'

Consideration, or on any Day to be previously named by them for that Purpose, the said respective Com-

mercial Commissioners (nail call to their Assistance any such two or more Persons herein-after directed to

be appointed for that Purpose, for the District of the said Commissioners, who in the Opinion of the said

Commissioners may be, of those so appointed, bed able to judge of the Amount of the reputed Income of

the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, Companies, Fraternities, or Societies, whose Statements shall

be under Consideration before the said Commissioners, and shall esquire of such Persons their Opinion of such

Amounts of reputed Income, or so much thereof as may arise from Trade or Manufifture, without diG*

closing to them, or any or either of them, the Amount contained in any Statement of such Person or Per-

sons* Bodies, Corporations, Companies, Fraternities, or Societies j and if any or either of such Persons

shall*

The Commer-

cial Commis-

sioners shall re-

ceive fuchState*

■merits (sealed

up) and hare

them da fled

and rendered

in propcrBooks,

And fix a Time

within 21 Days

for considering

the fame, and

may divide

themselves into

Committees of

three, and assess

The (hid Com-

mercial Com-

missioners may

call in two ot

the Aflistants,

landjcec. aa.

§ 16. J and en-

- quire©! them

their Opinion of

the Amount of

the Income of

Jtaich.ddiver-

V

; ' by

