A. t). 1800. Anno 39* & 40\GEonon III. C. 30. JOJ

Church of England, which should have been contracted for on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March

, one thousand eight hundred, to carry into Execution all and every the Paid Powers for the Redemption

or Purchase of such Land Tax, which shall have been or shall be contracted for by the Incumbent or Incum-

bents of any Living or Livings, in the Manner directed by the Paid first mentioned Act, at any Time

before the .twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one; and the Transfer of Stock or

Payment of Money for such Redemption shall have Effect from the Quarter Day preceding Puch Transfer

or Payment; and all other Acts, Matters, and Things, which the Paid Eruftces might fully have done un-

der and by virtue of the Paid Acts, or either of them, shall be as valid and effectual to exonerate and discharge

the Lands. Tithes, and other Profits of such Living or Livings from the Payment of the Land Tax re-

deemed, as if Puch Land Tax had been contracted for on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thott-

sand eight hundred: and all Contracts made before the passing of this Act shall be valid and effectual, for the

Purpol es in the Paid Act mentioned, notwithstanding any Limitations of Time therein contained.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governors of the Charity for the Relief Governors of

of the poor Widows and Children of Clergymen, under the Direction and Authority of any two or more the Charity for

of the Commissioners appointed by the Paid ACi passed in the thirty-ninth Year of hist present Majesty's Me Rt lie tot the

Reign, intituled, /In Afl to amend and render more cffeSlual two Aflspajfed in the thirty-eighth Year of his Cll-j4^0?

frejent Majestfs Reign and the present Session of Paruament^for the Redemption and Purchase of the Land clergymen,

Tax^ to sell and dispose of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, ana Hereditaments, given to them msy, under the

by any Will, either generally in Trust for the Relief of such poor Widows or Children as aforesaid, or Pubject Authority of

to any Qualifications or Restrictions as to the Mode of applying such Relief, in the Extent of the Allow- *wo Commis-

ance to be made to Individuals, and to apply the Money arising by such Sale or Sales for the Purpose of

*putcha{jrig or redeeming Land Tax charged on any Manors* Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Heredita- Geo 3. c/ii!

xnents, veiled in such Governors, for the rurposes of tV'ir Charity. , fdi Lands *ivcn

by Will, and purchase the Land *Tax on any Lands veiled in them.

VIII. And be it further enacted. That where the Land Tax charged upon the Glebe Lands, Tithes, Wherethe Land

or other Profits of any Living or Livings in the Patronage of any College, Cathedral Church, Hall, or Tax on the

House of Learning in either of the Universities of Oxford' and Cambridge, or in the Patronage of either of p. . .of

the Colleges of Eaton or lYinche/lery or of any Trustee or Trustees for any such College, Cathedral Church* tronage^f any

Hall, or House of Learning as aforesaid, shall not have been redeemed or purchased j>y the Incumbent of College, fee at

such Living or Livings, it shall be lawful for the Corporations of such Colleges, Cathedral Churches, Halls, Oxford or Cam-

or Houses of Learning respectively, to purchase or redeem the fame on the fame Terms as Persons intitled hr!H?r» or lh«r

in Remainder to such Glebe Lands, Tithes, or other Profits would be capable of so doing, and to provide Whi-

for such Purchase or Redemption by a Sale of any Lands or Tenements belonging to such Corporations chertcMhaii

respectively, or by the Grant of any Rent Charge, which they could or might lawfully make for the not have burn

Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax charged on their own Lands, and the Land Tax so redeemed purchased by

shall be forthwith extinguished; but such College, Cathedral Church, Hall, or House of Learning re- Me Incumbent,

spectively shall nevertheless be entitled to an annual Rent Charge Killing out of such Living, equivalent to f ur-

the Amount of such Land Tax, which shall be recoverable by Action, Suit, Distress,or any other Means, ^hafeU as Per"

fcy which Rents reserved by Leases are recoverable at Law, unless it shall be declared in Writing, under f0*,$ entitled la

the Common Seal of the Body or Bodies having such Right of Patronage or Nomination, at the Time of Remainder,

prelenting or nominating any Clerk or Clerks to such Living or Livings, that such Rent Charge shall be and nwy 'kfl

iufpended during his or their Incumbency or respeflive Incumbencies; which Declaration the Body ^n^c^rxef^

or Bodies entitled to nominate to such Living or Livings shall from Time to Time be competent to majee ; ^"that Pur-

and such Suspension shall be without Prejudice to the Right of the said Body or Bodies to recover p0fr; but the

the faitie after the next or any future Avoidance : Provided always. That any Declaration made by such College, &c.

Jaft mentioned Bodies, or any of them, at the Time of redeeming the said Land Tax, shall be as available toall be emitted

during the Incumbency of the then Rettor, V icar, or Curate, as if it had been made at the Time of his being

preferred to such Living. # the Living,

equivalent to the Amount, unitf$ on the nominating an Incumbent, it shall be declared in Writing, that the Rent Charge shall be suspended during

iiis Incumbency.

IX. And be it further enacted, That where any Land Tax, charged upon any Rectory, Vicarage, or Patrons redeem-

other Living, shall have been or shall hereafter be redeemed by* the Patron or Patrons thereof, and such M,f*fmd 1

Redory, Vicarage, or other Living, shall thereby have been or shall be exonerated from such Land Tax, J"vc the hkc

then and in every such Cafe it shall be lawful for such Patron or Patrons, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, lum-.dies for

Administrators, or Assigns, from Time to Time to use the fame Powers and Remedies for.the Recovery of Recovery of the

She Amount of such Land Tax as Landlords can or may use for the Recovery of Rents in arrear. Amount as

Landlords have

for Rent.

X. * And whereas by the said Act, passed in the thirty-ninth Yeartff his Majesty’s Reign, it is enudted, When the Pur-

* That upon the Purchase as therein mentioned,of the Reversion of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tene- Mate of any

4 me 1 us or Hereditaments, holder, by any Lease as therein mentioned by or with the proper Monies of the . hoWenby

4 Person or Persons for the Time being beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits thereof, such Reversion j^afe’, shall be

4 shall be settled under the Direction of the said Commissioners, foas and in such Manner as that the Amount ir.adeby Persons

.• of the Money paid for the Purchase thereof, with lawful Interest, may be a Charge on such Reversion for «uitkd to the

4 the Benefit of the Person or Persons advancing the fame, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and of ;‘ny

4 Assigns, and that subject thereto the Fee^Simple of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and He- the immec:] tc

4 reditaments, shall be settled for the Benefit of the Person or Persons so purchasing the lame, and of such other imcrca$, a*

39 & 40 Geo. HI. Rr- 4 Per Ion

