270 C. 45.

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1771.

Rule*, See, made

by the Coromif-

fionert to be

tranTmitted to

the several

Clerks of the

Peace, and ad-

mitted as Evi-

dence. w

Owners of Vef-

fels fubjirct to

Damages done

bj the Ciew,

'Officers to give

Security.

“Money may be

borrowed.

Notice to be

-given of bor-

rowing Money.

Annuities not to

e*ceed «o 1. per

vCcat. per Ann.

Annuities may

be fold.

Money borrowed

not to exceed

$Q, QQOl.

Search; and for Copies thereof, any Sum not exceeding the Rate of Three-pence for every two hundred

Words.

XXXVII. Provided neverthelefe, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Rules,

Orders, Constitutions, and Assessments, as shall be made by the said Commissioners, or such Number of

them as are hereby impowered to make the fame, shall be, from time to time, fairly written in a Book or

Books to be kept for that Purpose; and the fame, or a Comy thereof, signed by the Clerk or Clerks to the

said Commissioners respectively, who hath or have the Custody thereof, shall be taken, adjudged, and

deemed good and sufficient Evidence in all Cafes whatsoever.

4 XXXVIII. And, for the further preventing the Damages and Mischiefs done and committed by dif-

4 orderly Persons rowing, managing, baling, or towing the said Barges, Boats, and other Vessels, either

4 with Men or Horses, and that the Owners of such Barges, B >ats, and Vessels, may be more careful to.

'4 prevent the fame;* Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Barge-matter, or the Matter of

.any Boat or Vessel, and Owner of any Barge, Boar, and Veiled, shall be, and is hereby made answerable

and responsible for any Damage or Mischief that shall be done or committed by his or their Barge, Boat,

or Vessel, or by the whole or any of the Crew of h;s or their fuid Barge, Boat, or Vessel, or by Persons

ordinarily belonging to and going with such Barge, Boat, or Vessel, either to the Goods and Commodities

-with which such Barge, Boat, or Vessel, is laden; or by filling with Nets, or otherwise; or by (hooting

with Guns, or taking or dettroying any Fish or Fowl; or to any of the Pounds, Locks, Lock-tackle,

‘Weirs, Bucks, Winches, Turnpikes, Dams, Flood-gates, or other Engines; or to any Bridge, Land,

Tree, Meadow, or Ground, in and upon the said Rivers, or bordering or near adjoining theieio, either

with Men or Horses; and the said Barge-matters, Barge-owners, and the Matters and Owners of any

Boat or Vessel, shall be and are hereby made liable to make good all such Damages to be committed as

aforesaid, and shall and may he sued and profccutcJ for the fame by Action of Trespass or otherwise: And

if it shall appear that such Trespass or Damage was done by any of the Persons belonging to or emp’oyed

in the Barge or other Vessel whereof such Person or Persons was or were Matter or Matters, Owner or

Owners, such Matter or Matters, Owner or Owners, fit all be found guilty, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs

shall recover his or their Damages thereby sustained, with his or their full Costs of Suit; any Law or Usage

to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Officer and Officers,

or other Person or Persons whatsoever, concerned in the Receipt of any of the Sums by this Act appro-

priated to the Uses aforesaid, before he or they shall be admitted to take upon him or them the Execution of

any such Office or Offices, he or they shall be bound, with sufficient Sureties, to the said Commis-

sioners and their Successors, for the jutt and faithful Execution of such Office or Empl oyment, in such

Sum or Sums as by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall be thought fitting.

4 XL. And, forasmuch as the Money to be collected by the Receipt of the Rate*, 'Foils, or Duties,

*4 granted by th;s Act, will not be sufficient for the speedy improving and completing of the said Naviga-

4 gation, and other the Purposes of this- AftBe it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the

said Commissioners, or any eleven or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby impowered, from

time to time, by any Writing tinder their Hands and Seals, to assign over the said Locks, Turnpikes,

Toil-houses, Rates, Tolls, and Duties, arising by virtue of this Act, or any of them, or any Part of

them, but without Prejudice to the Owners and Occupiers of Locks, Bucks, Weirs, and Winches, now

in the said Rivers, or to the Tolls payable and to be paid in respect thereof, the Cotts, Charges, and Ex-

pcnces of afflgning the fame, to be born? and paid out of such Tolls or Duties, for any Time or Term

during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money to be bor-

rowed by the said Commissioners, to such Person or Persons, or their Trustees, who shall advance and lend

the fame, to feeurc the Repayment thereof, with legal or less Intcrett.

XLI. Provided akvnvs, 'That no Money shall be borrowed by the said Commissioners on the Credit of

any of the said Rates, Tolls, or Duties, after their first Meeting, unless Notice be for that Purpose given

in the Oxford and Reading Newspapers, or in the London Gazette, and also fixed in Writing, under the

Hand or Hands of the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, at or upon all the Locks or Turnpike-

gates then erected or made by virtue of this Act, at leatt twenty Days before the borrowing of such

Money.

XLII. And be it further ennfted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to

contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the said Treasurer or Treassurers, to be appointed as afore-

said, any Sum or Sums of Money, for the absolute Purchase of one or more Annuity or Annuities, to be

paid and payable during the full Term of the natural Life of every furh Contributor respectively, or the

natural Li.'eof such other Person as shall be nominated by or on the Behalf of such respective Contributor

at the Time of Payment of his or her respective Contribution-money; which Annuity or Annuities shall

not exceed the Rate of ten Pounds per Annum for every one hundred Pounds, and so in proportion for any

greater or less Sum to be advanced and paid as aforesaid; and shall be payable and paid by the said Trca-

lurcr or Treasurers by Quarterly Payments in the Year; the frft of such Payments to begin and be made

to the respective Purchasers and their Assigns, at the Expiration of the flrtt three Calendar Months next

after Payment of his or her respective Purchase-mcncy: Which Annuities shall be publickly sold to the

heft Bidder for the fame, on twenty-one Days Notice thereof being firtt given in the Oxford and Reading

Newspapers, or in the London Gazette, and a like Notice affixed upon such public Places as the said Com-

missioners, or any eleven or more of them, shall direct; which Money so to be borrowed, either by Way

by granting Annuities, shall not exceed the Sum of fifty thousand Pounds, and shall be

of Mortgage

applied

