fyfo C. 78. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

Sixpence in the Pound, upon all the Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, and Heredi*

taments, within the said Liberty, will amount to die Sum of

A. B. (Constable, Vc.)

No. yi.

Appointment of a Surveyor,

Middlesex. At a Special Sessions, held at in the Hundred of

by Ju/lices of the Peacefor the said County ailing within the said Hundred, on the

Day of 17

WE do hereby nominate and appoint A* B. &c. of {Insert the Name of the Parish^ See. where

lives) in the said Hundred, Surveyor (or Surveyors; of

he

frk'.teUim • fl! ulc ,a,u t^uuutcu) «ui vcyui \vr oui« »tyuuy of the Highways within the said (Parish,

ferted when* for the Year ensuing \ (and we do allow the said A. B. the Salary of

Surv^nvitap-. for his Trouble): And you the said A. B. are faithfully and truly to execute the said Office of Sur-

nointed with n veyor, according to the Directions of the Statute, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His

Salary. Majesty King George the Third, 44 For the Amendment and Preservation of the Highways,* an Ab-

stra& of the material Parts of which Statute is hereunto annexed.

Given under our Hands an{ Seals,; the Day and Yftar above mentioned*

v ; - ' •/ N*. VJI.

Band from the Surveyor.

WE A. B. Surveyor of the Highways for the (Pdrijhy Township, &c.) of

and C. D. of are bound to E. F. of

aforesaid, in the Sum of Pounds, to be paid to the said E. F, his Executors,

Administrators, or Assigns ; for which Payment wc hereby bind ourselves severally, and each of our

Heirs, Executors, and Administrators.

Dated the Day of 17

The Condition of this Bond is such, that if the said A. B. his Executors, or Administrators, /halt

duly and faithfully account for, apply, and pay, all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which

shall come to his Hands, as Surveyor of the Highways for the (Parish, etc*) according to the Di-

rection and true Intent and Meaning of the Statute, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His

Majesty King George the Third, 44 For the Amendment and Preservation of the Highways,” then this

Bond to be void, or else to remain in full Forte.

No. VIII.

Appointment of an Assistance to the Surveyor.

Middlesex* At a Special Sefhns, held at in the Hundred of

by Just ues of 1 he Peace for the said County, a fling within the said Hundred, on the

Day of 17

WE do do hereby nominate and appoint C. D. a substantial Inhabitant of the (Parish, etc.) of

in the said Hundred, Assistance to A B. whom we have appointed Surveyor of the

Highways for the said (Parish, etc.); and you the said C. D. are, to the best of your Skill and Judge-

ment, to assist the said Surveyor, whenever requestedby him, in calling in and attending the Performance

of the Statute-duty, in collecting the compositions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and in making

and collecting the Assessments, and m making out, and serving, the Notices authorised by the A&,

passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty K\ri% George the Third, 44 For the

Amendment and Preservation of the Highways,” and in such other Matters and Things as shall be

reasonably required of you by the said Surveyor, in the Execution of the Office of Surveyor, pursuant

to the said Act 5 and you are i*ftly and truly to account with, and pay to the said Surveyor, o to his

Order, the Money which shall come to your Hands by the Means aforesaid.

Given under our Hands and Seals, the Day and Year above mentioned.

Oath

