9©2 C. 84.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.’ A.D. 1773.

Days after the

Offence is com-

mitted*

such Offence, unless the fame be commenced within One Calendar Month after the Offence com-

mitted 5 and that neither such Information or Action shall be laid or commenced* unless Notice (halt

be given by the Informer to the Driver.of every such Carriage* on the Day upon which the Offence

shall be committed, of an Intention to complain of such Offence; and if it shall appear to the Justice

before whom such Complaint shall be made, that the Offender lives so remote as to make it inconve-

nient to summon him to appear before such Justice, the Justice may difmiis the Complaint, and leave

Waggons, Sec. Informer to his Remedy by Action at Law.

may bedrawnby XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Waggon, Wain,

any Number of Cart, or Carriage, to be drawn with any Number of Horses upon any Turnpike Road where a Weigh-

Horses, when an Engine shall be erected, provided such Carriage shall be weighed at such Engine: And in order

cd^and rtieCar- l^c Owner or Driver of every such Carriage may be fumished with proper Evidence of the Facts

riageweighed. ~ above mentioned, if any Prosecution should be commenced ag.iinft him or them for using a greater

Number of Horses than are allowed by this Act, the Person who shall have the Care of such

Weighing Engine shall, and is hereby required, on Demand made by the Driver of any such Carriage,

to give to such Driver a Ticket, certifying that such Carriage was weighed, and the Weight thereof,

with the Loading.

kin^ ofr°Ho*fcs XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons (Jiall take off, or cause to be

or altering the taken off, any Horse or Horses, or other Beast of Draught, from any Waggon, or oth^r Carriage, or

B ft^.ce of the shall alter, or cause the the Distance of the Wheels thereof to be altered, at or before th-e fame shall

Wheels before come to any of the said Gates or Turnpikes, with Intent to avoid any Toll, Forfeiture, or Penalty,

coming :oaCaae« drawing with a greater Number of Horses or Bc'acts of Draught, or ir> any other Manner than

hereby allowed, each and every Person so offending, and being conviffed thereof before One or more

justice or Justices of the Peace for the Limit where the Offence shall be committed, upon the

)ath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five

Pounds.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if it shall appear to tire Trustees of any Turn-

pike Road, or any Seven of them, at any of their publick Meetings, by the Oath of One or

mo e Witness or Witnesses experienced in Levelling, that any Part of the Rife of any Hill upon such

i urnpike Road shall be moie than Four.Inches in a Yard \ in such Cife it shall and may be lawful

w*h ‘ ° 1b Six! to Jlu* for T^e Tfuilees, or any Seven of them, to allow fu.h Number of Horses as they shall

acts >*» judge ncccflhry, not exceeding Ten for Waggons with Nine Inch Wheels, nor Six for Carts wiih

Nine Inch Wheels; and not exceeding Seven for Waggons with Six Inch WheJs, nor Five for Cart#

with Six Inch Wheels; and not exceeding Five for Waggons with Wheels of Ids Breadth than Six

iw Inches* nor Four for Carts with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches: And in case it frail appear

of to the said Trustees,in Manner aforesaid, that the whole Rife of any Hill taken together shall be more-

than Four Inches in a Yard upon an Averge, it shall and imy he lawful lor the fiuJ Truffecs, or any

xii 1? rmn more Seven of them, to allow such Number of Horses as they shall think fit to be used in such Waggons

In?hT»°ln an^ Carts respectively, for the Purpose only of drawing the fame up such Hill or Hills, as afoicLiJ*

a Ymd, to be the Length and Extent of such Hill or Hills to be specified in such Order or Allowance, and the Tcr-

fpmfied in the mination at each End thereof to be marked determined by a Post or Stone, to be created at such respective Boun-

Order of Allow- darics: and the said Order of Allowance shall be certified by the faiJ Trustees, or their Clerk, to the

next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, of the Limit within which such Hill or Hills shall re-

foedtively be situated: And if the Fads, upon whion the fame is foundei, shall, at the said Quarter

oessions, be proved upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnciles, to the Satisfadiorr

of the Justices on the Bench', or the major Part of them, the said Order of Allowance shall be con-

firmed and filed among the Records of the Sessions by the Clerk of the Peace, or otherwise shall be

vacated and quashed: And from and after such Confirmation and Filing, no Person shall be liable to

any Penalty or Forfeiture for using such Number of Horses as shall be so allowed in drawing any

Waggon or Cart up such Hill or Hills respeitively; and it shall anl may be lawful for the said Ju-

ftices, at any subsequent Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to re-consider the said Order of Allowance, and

to d scharee the fame, if they think fit.

Sxtttffoit vrith XIX. Provided also, and be it further enafteJ, That if it shall appear, upon the Oaths of credible*

vefped to Car- Witnesses, to the Satisfaction of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or of any Court of Justice,

auth°nftd to enforce the Execution of this Act, that any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, could not, by

" In*ryDNarober” reason of deep Snow or Ice, be drawn with the respective Weights, and by the Number of Horsey

or Beads of D'aught hereby respectiwly allowed; then, and in every such Cafe, it shall and may be

lawful for such Ju.hcc or Justices of Peace, or Court respectively, and they are hereby respetftively

required to stop ail Proceedings before them respectively, for the Recovery of any Penalty or For-

feiture which may have been incurred by drawing with a greater Number or Horses or Beasts

of Draught, than are hereby allowed \ any T hing herein contained to the Contrary notwith--

standing.

. . XX. And whereas great* Damage *rs done to Turnpike Roads by \Vaggons, and other Carriages*

Waggons doc to narrow AAfhecls, drawn by Horses in Pairs; for Remedy thereof, be it enacted, That it Wall

Vcdr»wnby not he lawful for any Waggon, Wain, or Cart, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the

HotiesinPairs. Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than Nine Inches* to pass upon any Turnpike Road, or

through any Turnpike Gate or Bar, if the fame shall be drawn by Ho;fei in Pairs, (other than and

except such Waggons, Wains, or Carts, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of

Six inches, as shall be authorisedto be drawn in any other Manner by Order of the Trustees of an*

z■ Turnpike

Trusteef may al<

low v» J !?on»

vrrh B ort.i

Whilst* be

dra v j u lilb

The\ may al'<

fa h Nu..b

Hors<r<i is ‘hey

think ht, up

Hi.l? riling more 1

of Horses

through dee^

Soow ot ice.

