384. C. 22.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1772.

have the Prefer-

ence at to the

Birth and Dis-

charge j

reasonably expended in removing such Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat; to be recovered, levied, and

applied in like Manner as the forfeitures and Penalties imposed by this A St are herein-after ordered to

be recovered, levied, and applied : And that every Matter, Commander, Mate, or other Person, taking

upon himself the Command of any Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, or the Owner, Factor, Con^

signee, or Agent, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall obstruct or hinder the Removal of

any such Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of

Vessel* famine Twenty Pound* StCfluig.

into the Harbour XIX. v And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Ship or Vessel shall

in Distress, to arrive or come into the said Harbour of Ayr in Distress, or meet with any Misfortune in the Bay of

Ayr% or in the Harbour aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Provost, or any One of the

Bailies of the said Burgh of yAr, upon a Petition to him in Writing, by the Matter, Commander,

or Owner of any such Ship or Vessel, or Owner of any Goods on board of such Ship or Vessel and upon

Proof being made before him of such Distress, to give a Preference to such Ship or Vessel, being in

Distress as aforesaid, both as to the Births at the Docks, Piers, and Quays, and as to the Courle of

or the Mtt«r discharging, to any other Ship or Vessel arrived before her in the Harbour aforesaid } and that every

forefy*fist«fap- Matter or Commander of any Ship or Vessel, lying within the Harbour of Ayr* who shall refuse or

iC 20 * delay to comply with the Order of the said Provost, or Bailie, in favour of the Ship or Vessel in Dif-r

tress as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling ; to be levied and applied in the

Manner hereafter directed.

Mastertof Vef- XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Captain, Matter, or Com-

zander of every Ship, Sloop, or other Vessel, that shall go in at, or through the Gates of the said

enter the Docks^ Docks, shall, before such Ship, Sloop, or other Vessel shall enter the fame, lower or take'down

or forfeit 5L * her Sails, so that such Ship, Sloop, or other Vessel, shall not go in failing or under Sail ; and that

every Captain, Matter, or Pilot, taking the Care or Command of every such Ship, Sloop, or other

Vessel, neglecting to lower or take down the fame as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit

Ball aft, See. not to the Trustees, the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling.

to be thrown in- XXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Fitft Day of

ta the Harbour, Juniy One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, it shall not be lawful to any Person or Persons,

•r forfeit 40 •. to throw or empty any Ballast, Dust, Ashes, or Rubbish, Shingle, Stones, or other Things into

the said Harbour, or to dig and take away any Ballast, Shingle, Stones, or other Things from within the

fame, to the Hurt or Prejudice of the said Harbour, or of the Works eretfted, or to be erefled, for the

Security and Accommodation of the fame, or to do any other Act or Deed to prejudice or annoy the

fame, or any Part thereof, under the Penalty of Forty Shillings Sterling for every such Offence.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Person or Persons who shall

........... or may hereafter have Occasion to throw or cast out any Ballast from out of any Ship or other Vessel*

immediately, or upon any Dock, Quay, Pier, or Bread, or other Place in or about the said Docks, Quays, Piers, or

forfeit400. Breads, or other Works made, or to be made, as before mentioned, belonging to the said Harbour,

shall not suffer the fame to be and remain on the said Docks, Quays, riers, Breads, or other

Places, but shall immediately after, cart and carry away, or cause the fame to be carted and carried

away, to such Place or Places, as the Water Bailiff or Shore Matter aforesaid shall for such Purposes

provide and appoint, on Pain of forfeiting, forjevery such Offence, Forty Shillings Sterling.

XXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Matter or Owner of any Ship, Bark,

ejw Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, lying or trading in the Harbour of Ayr, (hdl be, and is hereby mad,e

gn'done by their answerable to the said Trustees, for the Amount or Value of any Damage or Mischief that shall be done

Crew*. by any of the Servants, Boatmen, Bargemen, or Watermen, on board the fame, to any of the Docks,

Piers, Quays, Breads, or other Works, already construSed, or that shall be conttru&cd, by virtue of

this A&, with full Cods of Suit} and that such Damages and Cods shall be sued for and recovered in

Manner herein after directed.

Shore M*fler to XXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Water Bailiff or Shore Matter, nq-

knfpeft State of minated and appointed by the said Trustees for the said Harbour of Ayr, shall be, and he or they is and

eke Harbour. are hereby authorised and required, from Time to Time, and at all Times after the patting of this Act,

carefully to inspect into the State of the said Docks, Piers, Quays, Breads, and other Places within the

laid Harbour, and to prevent, as far as his or their Power shall extend, any Offences made punishable

by this Act from being committed \ and that in case of any wilful Neglect or Default therein, the said

Water Bailiff or Shore Matter respectively, shall forfeit and pay Twenty Shillings Sterling for each and

every such Offence.

XXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to the said

Trustees, or any Collector to be appointed by them for receiving any Part of the Rates and Duties

granted by this Act, to prosecute and recover the several Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages, and

Costs of Suit, by this present Act imposed, in all such Cafes where the Sum to be recovered shall

amount to Five rounds Sterling or upwards, by Action, Bill, Complaint, or Information, within Six

Months after such Offence is committed, before Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County of

Ayr% or any other Judge competent for civil Actions within whose Jurisdiction the Offender or Offen-

ders shall reside or be apprehended ; and that the said Justices of the Peace, or other Magistrate afort-

said, shall, and they are hereby impowered and required to proceed to the Trial of such Offences in a

summary Way 5 and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders by their own Confession, or by the

Oath ot One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to award and give such Ordeis, Judgments, and

Decrees, as to th>m shall seem mod agreeable to the true intent and Meaning of this Act} and that in

Default

Ball*ft throw*

on the Quay*

to he removed

Matters of Yes-

Jels made answer-

able for Datna-

F'nei and For-

feitures above 51

how to be reco-

vered and appli-

ed*

C.

