6l8 C; 69.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1772.

Rite* may be

sued for in the

Name of the

Trtafurer.

Person* paying

Rater exempted

from paring.

Person* paying

are hereby authorised and required to grant without Fee or Reward), to distrain the Goods and Chat*

tels, of such Person or Persons so refuting or neglecting, and to sell the same, rendering the Overplus1

Of any be) after having deducted the reasonable Charges and Expends of such Distress and Sale, to the

Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, upon Demand.

LXXI. Provided always. That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, may, (if they

shall think proper) sue in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Treasurers, or such other rerfon or

Persons as the said Commissioners, at any of their Meetings, shall, by Writing under their Hands and Seals,

appoint for all or any of the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assess’ments, which shall be made by virtue

of this Act, and all Arrears thereof; in which Actionno Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more

than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

No Contract for LXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained

paving, frc. to be shall be deemed or taken to make void any Contrail, Covenant, or Agreement, between Landlord and

void by this Act. Tcnan^ touching or concerning the paving, repairing, cleaning, lighting, watering, and watching, any

or any Part of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewfes, Alleys, Passages, or Places,

within the Limits aforesaid, but that every Person who is now, by virtue of any such Contract or Agree-

ment, obliged to pave, keep in Repair, and cleanse any or any Part of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes,

Courts, Yards, Mewfes, Alleys, Passages, or Places, shall, in lieu thereof, be obliged to pay the Rates

hereby directed to be made and assessed, or so much thereof as such Commissioners as aforesaid, or any

Seven of them, shall deem just, and according to the true Meaning of such Contract, Covenant, or

Agreement, and for and during the Term thereof; and in case any Difpuce shall arise concerning such

Contrail, Covenant, or Agreement, the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall have

Power to hear and finally determine the fame.

LXXIII. And be it enacted, That all and every Person or Persons paying the Rates or Assessments

by this Act laid and assessed, shall be, and they and every of them, is and are hereby exempted and dif-

charged from the Expence of paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, or keeping in repair the said Squares,

Streets, or Places, or any of them; and also from all Penalties which may or might be incurred by Rea-

son of their neglecting to pave, cleanse, light, or keep the fame in Repair.

LXXLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Peffons

f>om*thef Assefr- w  hold, use, occupy, possess, or enjoy any Land, House, Tenement, or Hereditament, or

tRents hr repair- a^Y Stable or any Building within the Limits aforesaid, shall be exempted from the Payment of any

Ing the High- Sum or Sums of Money rated or assessed, or which shall or may, at any Tim^ or Times herearter, be

w*y*. rated and assessed upon them, for and towards the Repair of Common Highways, causeways, Streets,

and Pavements, to be repaired at the publick Charge of the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Pan-

eras* by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

A & 7 Geo. IU..intituled, An Act to explainy amendy and reduce into One Act of Parliament, tke several Statutes now in bemgy

Ct 4« for the Amendment and Preservation of the publick Highways of this Kingdom; and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

1 LXXV. And whereas Part of the Road, or Street, called Tottenham-court Road, leading from the

4 Black Harfe to the Turnpike at Tottenham Courty is now under the Care and Management of the Tru-

ftees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the

Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Ati t4 enable the respective Trusteesy of

ihe Turntike Roads leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles’s Pound to Kil-

bourne Bridge, in the Counts of Middlesex, to make a new Ready from the Great Northern Road at

4 Islington, to Edgeware Road, near Paddington* and also from the North End of Portland Street, crcfs

the Fartbing-pyehouse Fields, into the said new Road; and for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by

4 Two several Acts for repairing the said Road from Saint Giles’s Pound to Kilbourne Bridge: And where-

4 as it will be for the Convenience and Lc »efit of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, if so much o(Tot-

4 tenbam-Court Road as extends from the North End of Chapel Street to the Black Horse in the said Road,

4 Southward, was to be paved, cleansed, and kept in Repairbe it therefore enacted by the Authority

ZTt£S\obc*fort{*ld' That the said Trustees for putting in Execution the said Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of

ptved, frc. His ^ate Majesty’s Reign shall, and are hereby authorised and required, forthwith to cause to be well

> and sufficiently repaired so much-of the said Road as is already paved, and to new-pave such Part of the

said Road above describtd as is not already paved, and to cause the fame to be properly repaired and

cleansed, from Time to Time, for the future; and to defray the Expences thereof out of the Tolls di-

reeled to be collected and received by virtue of the said Act, or out of any Money which shall be bor-

rowed on the Credit thereof: And in case the said Trustees shall neglect or refuse forthwith well and

fuflficiently to repair such Part of the said Road which is already paved, and to new-pave so much of

the said Road as is not at present paved; or (mil neglect or refuse to keep the Whole of the said Road

berin-before described in good and sufficient Repair, or to keep the fame properly cleansed, from Time

to Time, as often as shall be necessary, that then the said Commissioners appointed to put this Act in

Execution, Or any Seven or more of them, shall and may, from Time to Time, at any of their Meet-

ings to be held in pursuance of this Act, give Notice, under their Hands and Seals, to the Surveyor

to the Trustees for the Care of the said Road, of any such Neglect or Neglects as aforesaid; and if

the said Trustees for the Care of the said Koad, shall not well and sufficiently pave, repair, amend,

and cleanie such Part or Parts of the said Road as aforesaid, within Twenty-one Days after such

Notice, according to the true ntent and Meaning of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the

Commissioners appointed to put this Act in Execution, or any Seven or more of them, to cause the

said

Act 29 Geo. II. c

