A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 28. 679

f»hd Cafe shall be; and that the Verdrft of the fsid Jury shall be final and conclusive, in so far as shaft

respect the Consideration or Purchase Money to be paid to Owners and Occupiers of such Springs*

Fountains, or Grounds respectively as aforesaid: Provided always. That all Parties concerned shall

have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sheriff-depute aforesaid Sj*0en”^nd/Cputc to

shall, and he is hereby authorised and required, upon such Verdict being given as before mentioned, judgement for

to pronounce Judgement for the Payment of such Sum or Sums so to be awarded by the said payment of the

Jury, and to ordain the Owners or Proprietors and Occupiers of such Spiings, Fountains, and Purchase-money.

Grounds, or their Trustees, Tutors, Curators, or Administrators, upon Payment or lawful Tender

thereof, quietly to permit and fuiYer the said Springs and Fountains to be collected or received into

Citterns or proper Reservoirs to be erected by the Trustees named and* appointed by this Act,

or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; and also to permit proper Pipes, and other Con-

ductors, to be laid for the Conveyance of the said Water through their respective Lands or Grounds,

and Citterns to be built thereon; and the Trustees named and appointed by this Act, and their

Officers and Servants to have Access and Iliberty to make, alter, amend, and repair the fame for

ever hereafter, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall order and direct; and that the Judgement,

Decree, or Determination, pronounced by the said Sheriff, upon the said Verdict or Verdicts, conform-

able to the Method above prcscribed, shall be binding and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes what-

soever, against the several Proprietors and Occupier^ of such Springs, Fountains, and Grounds, and

the said Trustees respectively; and that the fame, or Extracts thereof from the Sheriff Court Books,

shall be deemed and taken as good and effectual Evidence and Proof in any Court of Law or Equity

whatsoever.

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to the Trurtces may

said Trustees, in General Meetings assembled, at any Time or Times hereafter, to make, orduin, make Bye laws,

and establish, such Orders, Rules, and Bye-laws, for the better carrying the Purposes of this piefent

Act into Execution, with respect to the supplying the Inhabitants of the said Town of Greecck

with fresh Water, and paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and other Places within

the said Town 5 and also from Time to Time, as Occasion may require, to repeal, add to, or amend

or alter, such Orders, Rules, and Bye-laws, as to them shall seem meet, fitting, and requisite; and

to fix and appoint reasonable pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling, for the Non-

observance, or other Breach* of all or any such Rules or Bye-laws, or any Part of them; to be recover-

ed and applied in such Manner, and according as the Penaiies under Five Pounds Sterling are ordered

to be recovered, levied, apd applied, by this Act: And the said Trustees shall cause the said Rules,

Orders, and Bye-laws, to be printed and dirtributed, and hung up in the mod conspicuous Place of

the Town-house of Greenock, and to pay the Expence and Charge thereof out of the Assessments

aforesaid*

LI. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be in Continuance ef

Force, so far as relates to the purchasing of Springs, Fountains, and Grounds, for the Purposes the with

aforesaid, for the Space of Fifteen Years, to be computed from the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One

thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of*caing p‘inss*

Parliament, and no longer.

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees to ap-

said Trustees, and their Successors in Office, to appoint proper Persons for watching and cleansing point Persons to

the several Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Avenues, and Passages, in and about the said Town 01 w^handciranfe

Greenock, and to appoint the Streets which arc already paved to be properly repaired; and also to ap-the Streets>

point Lamps to be crested at the most convenient Places within the same; and to lay a Tax on the

Inhabitants in the said Town of Greenock, for bringing in Water, cleansing and paving, lighting and

watching the fame as aforesaid, the said Tax always never exceeding Sixpence Sterling in the Pound,

of the real Rent of the Houses and other Subjects possessed by them ;Nand that all Veffds taking Water

from the Pipes to be laid by virtue of this Act shall pay at the Rate of Eight-pence Sterling for every

Ton of Tw o hundred and Fifty-two Gallons.

LI 11. And it is -hereby further enacted, That all and each of the Lamps which now are, or here-*n<J what

after shall be, erected by or in pursuance of this Act, shall be lighted in the Afternoon of every Day,

at such Hour or Hours as the said Trustees shall direct and appoint, from and after the First Day of°

Ofiober in each Year, to the First Day of April immediately following.

LIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees Time of lighting

to order and direct the Lamps to be lighted sooner than the First Day of Ofiober in each Year, or to may be aliered.

continue the lighting of such Lamps longer than the First Day of April, or both, as they shall fee

Cause.

LV. And it is also further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall ftcal, take away, break, or penalty on Per-

throw down, or damage any Lamp or Lamps that now is, or hereafter shall be, set up for enlightening Tons taking

any of the said Streets, Squares, Courts, Lanes, Alleys, Avenues, or Passages, or shall wilfully ex-aw*y Lamps*

t^guiftl the Light or Lights within the same, or damage the Iron, or other Furniture thereof, it 4°

shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall fee such Offence

committed, to seize, as also to and for any Person or Persons to assist in seizing,*‘the Offender or

Offenders, and by Authority of this Act, without any other Warrant, to convey him, her, or them,

into the Custody of a Peace Officer, or any of the Baron Officers of Greenock, in order to be fe-

cured and conveyed before any One of the Bailies of the said Town of Gnretnocky and that such Bailie

4 S 2 shall

