62

C. 15.

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1771,

or in consequence of any Power hereby given, from the Beginning to the End hereof, either to the said

Corporation, or to the said Commissioners, or to any Justice or Junices of the Peace, or otherwise howfo-

ever; no such Distress, Sale, Arrest, or Commitment, shall be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties

making or doing the fame respectively, be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of, or by reason

of any Defector Want of Form, or other irregularity in any Summons, Conviction, Order, Warrant, or

other Proceeding or Proceedings whatsoever, relating to, or concerning any such Distress, Sale, Arrest, or

Commitment; nor shall the Party or Parties making or doing the fame Distress, Sale, Arrest, or Commit-

ment respectively, be deemed or construed a Trespafier or Trespafiers ab initio, on account of any Irregu-

larity which shall be afterwards done or transaCted in any such Cafe by him or them; but the Person or rer-

fons aggrieved by any such Irregularity, shall and may recover Satisfaction for the Special Damages only*

and shall have no more Costs than Damages in an Action upon the Cafe.

Proceedings not XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That no Order made

to be quaihtd for touching or concerning any of the Matters in this Act contained, or any other Proceedings to be had touch-

Waatof Form, ing the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Part thereof, shall be quashed or

vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process

whatsoever, into any of his Majesty* Courts of Record whatsoever, any Law or Statute to the contrary

notwithstanding.

Limitation of XLIX. Provided also, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for

Action*. any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act.or any Clause, Power, or Thing herein contained,

from the beginning to the End thereof, until after ten Days Notice thereof in Writing, ligned by the Party

aggrieved, uiall be given to the Treasurer or the Clerk of the said Corporation, or to the Treasurer or

Clerk of the said Guardians for the time being, under whose Power and Authority the Grievance (half have

most immediately arisen; norafter a sufficient Satisfaction, or a Tender thereof, hath been made to the

Party or Parties so alledging him, her, or themselves to be aggrieved; nor after six Calendar Months next

following such Grievance, and the Fact committed: And every such Action shall be laid in the County of

Oxford, and be tried in the said County, and not elsewhere: And the Defendant and Defendants in every

such Action or Suit shall and may plead at'his Election specially, or the General IfiTue, and give this Act,

General Inae. an(j t^e Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon 5 and that the fame was done in pur-

fuance of this Act, or by Force of some or one of the Powers and Authorities hereby given: And if the

fame shall appear to be so done, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought before ten Days Notice had

been thereof given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient, Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the

Time limited for bringing the fame as aforesaid, or shall be brought or tried in any other County than as

aforesaid; then the Jury, in any such Cafe, shall find for the Defendant or the Defendants; and upon such

Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or

Actions after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall

Treble Colli, be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; then the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble

Colts, and have such Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cafes

by Law.

Public act. L. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every Thirg herein con-

tained, shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of

as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XV.

An Act for the better paving that Part of the High Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary Mat-

fellon, otherwise Whitechapel, which lies in the County of Middlesex, and for removing Ob-

struftions and Annoyances therein.

Preamble. \ 7 HEREAS that Part of the High Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary Motfellon, otherwise White*

chapel, which lies in the County of Middlesex, is extremely ill paved, and the Passage through the

fame greatly obstructed by Posts and Projections, and annoyed by Signs, Spouts, and Gutters projecting

into and over the fame, whereby, and by the deep Channels cross many Parts of the said Street, the fame

is rendered incommodious and dangerous to Persons passing through the fame 5 and the present Methods

prescribed by Law are ineffectual for removing such Obstructions and Annoyances, and for the proper

paving of the said Street, and keeping such Pavement in sufficient RepairMay it therefore please your

Majesty, that it may be enacted , and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

Commissionew assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the Rtverend Doctor Robert Alarkham, Thomas De~

Nixncj, wing, Thomas Price, Joseph Ru/i, James Peter Johiifon, Jeremiah Hergefl, John Fry, John /Idams, John

Stephens, Thomas Hodges, II illiam Crafivell, William Thoyts, John Rex, If'illiam Read, Frederick Ryder,

John Coope, John Christian Suhrin, William Hamilton, Francis Laufon, Thomas Empson, Redbimn Tomkins,

William j^uarril, Isaac Colnett, William Claxton, Luke Alder, James Spalding, Thomas Hawes, Ergen Allen,

William bond, Thomas Law, Thomas Read, shall be, and they and their Successors, to be elected in Manner

Other Comrrifc- hereafter mentioned, are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution: And in case

f»oners to be of the Death or Removal of any of the said Commissioners, or Refulal to act, it shall be lawful for the fur-

choua. viving or remaining Commissioners* or any five or more of them, from time to time, by Writing under

their Hands and Seals, to elect one other Person to be a Commissioner in the Room and Stead of the Com-

miiftoner

c. ooooie

