558 C. 64.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1772.

Chapelt to be VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the said intended relbc&ive

i^nfecrated, and new Chapels shall be erected, built, and finished, and made fit for the'Performance of Divine Service

perpetual a«ti. there*n» t^e fame shall and may be consecrated, and shall after Consecration thereof be-two respective

^ ' perpetual Cures and Benefices ; and that the said new-intended Chapel so to be built upon the Land

of the said Mary Weaman, shall be called and distinguished by the Name of Saint Mary in Birmingham 5

and the said Chapel so to be built upon the said Land of the said Charles Colmore y shall be called and

distinguished by the Name of Saint Paul in Birmingham ; and that it shall be lawful for the said Mart

Mr* Weamm JVtaman and Charles Colmore respectively, or their respective Heirs, immediately after the said intendea

nnd Mr. Col- respective Chapels shall be consecrated, to nominate and appoint a Minister or Curate to each of the

more to appoint said respective Chapels, duly qualified according to Law, to officiate and perform Divine Service there-

* f Ua^e Cha-* *n } an“ Ministers or Curates shall, after such Nomination and Appointment, be deemed and

-r. who are" taken, by virtue of this Act, to be respectively incorporated and made Two respective Bodies Politick

to beincorpora- and Corporate, by the Names of The Chaplains or Curates of the Chapels of Saint Mary and Saint Paul, in

ted. ' the Town ^Birmingham, in the County 0/* Warwick; and shall have perpetual Succession, and be enabled

respectively to sue and be sued by that Name in all Courts of this Realm; and the said respective

Chapels, and the Ccemeteries inclosed and belonging to the fame, shall, after the Consecration of the

said respective new Chapels, be veiled in the said respective Chaplains or Curates, so to be first nomi-

nated and appointed, and their Successors respectively. Chaplains or Curates of the said respective

Chapels forever; and the said respective Chaplains or Curates of the said respective Chapels shall re-

spectively have Capacity, and they are hereby respectively authorised and enabled to purchase, and take

in perpetuity to them and their Successors respectively, any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

not exceeding in the Whole the yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, the Statute of Mortmain, or

any other Law or Statute whatsoever, to the Contrary notwithstanding: And the said Chapels, and the

Chaplains or Curates thereof for the Time being, as also the Persons who shall act as Chapelwardens

thereof, shall be under and subject to the ordinary Jurisdiction of the Bishop of Litchfield and Coventry,

and shall be visited in such Manner as other Churches in the Diocese of Litchfield and Coventry are

viflted.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the Advowson, Right of Patronage, and

Presentation of, in, and to the said new Chapel or Curacy, so to be built upon the Land of the said

Mary IVeaman, shall, immediately after the Consecration of the said Chapel, be vested in and settled

respcaive- upon Mary IVeaman, and her Heirs ; and that the Advowson, Right of Patronage, and Prefen-

p tation of, in, and to the said new Chapel or Curacy, so to be built upon the Land of the said Charits

Colmore Esquire, shall, immediately after the Consecration thereof be vested in, and settled upon, the

said Charles Colmore, his Heirs and Assigns, for ever.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Ministers of the said respective

new Chapels, in consideration of the Salaries or Stipends herein-after provided for and allowed to them

respectively, shall, and they are hereby required and enjoined to read Prayers and preach a Sermon both

Morning and Evening on every Sunday or Lord's Day throughout the Year ; and shall, and they are

hereby required *to, administer the Sacrament or Lord’s Supper every Christmas Day, Easter Sunday,

Whitsunday, and upon the Fourth Sunday in every Month, immediately after Divine Service in the

Morning ; and shall also read Prayers upon all Holy Days, and every JVcdnefday and Friday throughout

the Year, according to the Liturgy of the Church of England, as by Law established ; and shall like-

wife, from Time to Time, assist the Rector or Rectors for the Time being in performing the neceflarjr

^and occasional Duties within the Parish or Parishes in which the said Chapels (nail be respectively situ-

ated ; and it shall be lawfuifor such respective Ministers to perform the Office of burying at their re*

spective Chapels.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Chaplains or Curates

nby of the said intended Chapels, with the Inhabitants of the Town of Birminghamy assembled in the

.?■* Vestries of the said respective .new Chapels, or the major Part of them, shall and may annually, upon

Irihabiu^ts of Enfler Tufday, elect and appoint Four Persons, being Inhabitants of the said Town, to be Chapel-

Chapels liable

to Vifiution.

IrSghtof Pro-

fanation in

Mr* Weaman

and Mr. Col-

more

Minister* Duty

in their respec-

tive Chapel*.

'Chapelwardens

to be chose

the Miniftei

Birmingham.

wardens uY the said respective new Chapels, not being of the People commonly called !%uakersy Two

lose by the respective Chaplains or Curates, and the other 1 wo by the major Part

of whom shall be chose ,______ _ f _ _ ________ __________ _ . _ _ # ______

! of the Inhabitants so assembled ; which said respective Chapelwardens, so to be from Time to Time

-elected, shall have the like Powers and Authorities relating to the said respective Chapels as the Chapel-

wardens of any other Chapel within the Diocese of Litchfield and Coventry do or lawfully may exercise.

Treasurers to be XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or the major

appointed by Part of them, at their First Meeting to be held after the passing of this Act, shall and may, by Writing

1 ruftec*. under their Hands, appoint One or more Person or Persons as Treasurer or Treasurers for receiving

and paying the Monies subscribed, or to be subscribed, towards building and finishing the said intended

respective Chapels, and for other the Purposes of this Act ; which said Monies shall be paid by the several

Subfciibers thereto into the Hands of such Treasurer or Treasurers, at such Times as the said Truf-

tets, or the major Part of them assembled at any Meeting, shall think fit and appoint, no Two of such

Payments being within a less hpace than Six Calendar Months of each other ; and the said Treasurers

shall, and they are hereby requited to keep One or more Book or Books of Account of all and every

Sum amt Sums of Money which shall be received or paid by them by virtue of this Act; which Book

or Books shall be open to the Inspection of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at all

reasonable l imes without Fee or Reward.

XIIL P».

