Anno undecimo Georgii III.

21 I

A.D. 1771.

C. 33»’

have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any A£ion, by Leave

cjf the Court where such Action shall depend, at any 'l ime before Jfliic joined, to pay into the Court

such Sum of Money as he or they shall fee fit, whereupon such Proceedings or Order and Judgement shall

he had, made, or given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay

Mon- v into Court.

XCVI Provided always, and be it enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons f©

find think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Aiicll'ments, or ^-arcr

any other Matter or Thing done, or directed to be done, in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons

Hull apply for Relief to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, at any Meeting to be held

\v:thin one Month next after Demand made of such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Afiellments, or next after

furh Matter or Thing done and committed by or by Order of the said Commissioners; and the said Com-

nmlioners are hereby authorilcd and impowered (if they shall think such Person or Persons aggrieved) to

give Inch Relief in the Premises as to them shall leem nccelhry; and if such Person or Persons shall not be

i.\u ft;J with the Determination of such Commissioners, he, she, or they shall be obliged to pay such Rule

or Rates, All Jlinent or Aliellments, and to comply with such Order of the said Commissioners, and then

ill all and may appeal to the (Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the f.iid County of

within three Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioners, such Appellant first giving,

c^r caufingto be given, twenty-one Days Notice at the lead in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Wore* o’A?

Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer to such Commissioners, and, within two p*l t*> ©»vvn.

Hays next after such Notice, entering into Recognizance before such Justice of the Pence for the faii

County, with two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abiJc the Order of, and to

pay such Colts as shall be awarded by the Justices of such Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices, at such

Quarter Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Re-

cognizance, shall hear and determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and

award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper ;

and the Determination of such Justices, at their Quarter Sessions, shall be final, binding, and conclusive.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Information, Older, Judge- Writing '0 be

front. Conviction, Warrant, Mortgage, or Alignment, Transfer, or other Security for the borrowing of without Stair?*.

Money, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by

:»ny Commissioner or Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or any Justice or Julliccs of the

Peace, or exhibited before them, or by any of them, touching, concerning, or in Execution of any of the

Powers or Authorities hereby vested in such Commissioner or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the

Peace, or any of them, or T ransfer or Assignment of any of the Securities aforesaid made by any Person or

Persons, shall he charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XCVTU. And be it further enacted by the Authority alorefaiJ, That no Rate or Rates, Assessment or Proceeding* not

Alfcffments, nor any Proceeding, to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against to l,c

this Act, or any Order made, or any other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted in or relating to the waaf 01 oim*

Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or by norremovcJ by

any other Wr it or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster \ any Law, Ctniorari.

Statute, or Usage to the contrary nctv/ithflanaing.

XC!X. And be it further cradled by the Authority aforesaid, That all Costs, Charges, and Expences Expences of thii

of paliing this Act, and all other Charges incident to the obtaining thereof, shall be borne, paid, and de- Aa how to be

frayed out of the first Monies arising by virtue of this Act.

4 C. And whcieas the Streets and other Places within the Parishes of Saint John and Saint James Cler- Tor blowing

€ krnuefl^ have been cleansed at the joint Expence of the Inhabitants of both Parishes, by an equal Rate or 3o1 per An:r»m

AlLll.nent: And whereas if the Money to be raised within each Parish for cleansing the said Streets and to the pAnfh jt

€ Places, should be applied only to the Streets and Places within the Parish where the fame shall be raised, Int Jamc5*

the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint James will be put to a much greater Expence for cleansing the

Streets and other Places within the fail Parish, than if the fame were done by one Rate or Assess'ment to

be raised and a 111 fled upon the Inhabitants of both Parishes as heretofore Be it therefore enacted by the

Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall, and are hereby au-

thor,k i and required, out of any Money which shall be raised by virtue of this Act, to pay or cause to be

pa d to the Scavengers for the said Parish of Saint James CierkenweH, for the time being, the annual Sum of

thirty Pounds forever, by two equal half-yearly Payments, upon the twenty-fifth Day of Alarch and the

t*vc nty-ninth Day of September^ the first Payment thereof to begin and be made on the twenty-ninth Day of

S>ptrmltr, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one 5 and the Money so to be received by the said Sca-

vengers shall, from time to time, be applied for the Purpose of cleansing the Streets and other Places within

th~ la d Parish of Saint James Clerkeniveily and to and lor no other Ufcor Purpose whatsoever.

CT. P ovided always. That if at any Time her after the Scavengers Rate for the said Parish of Saint pr0vifr.

James Clerken\tdl% which is now Fourpence in the Pound, (lull be lei’s than that Sum, that then a propor-

tional Abatement (lull he made in the said annual Payment of thirty Pounds, for such Time and 'Limes ns

the said Rate (h.dl continue under Eourpcncc in the Pound as aforesaid; any Thing herein before contained

to the c^ntraty notwithstanding.

Cl I. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. T hat no Action or Suit (lull be commenced Limitation of

ag.ir fl any Person or Persons for any T hin.: done in pursuance of this Act, un i! twenty one Days No-

tee load be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, or after Satisfac-

tion, or Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after six Calendar Months

E c 2 next

