>-

164 C. 29.

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1771.

Nt> Lime to be

flaked in the

Streets, See,

Bricklayers or

Plafterer! may

(like in the

repairing.

Damage being

done to the

the fame shall be, the Charges of pulling down and removing the fame; and in case the fame shall not be

claimed, and the said Charges paid, within the Space of eight Days next after such Seizure thereof, it

shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to order the fame to be appraised and fold, and

the Money arising therefrom shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; and the said Commissioners are

further authorised to remove such Rubbi(h to such Place as they shall think convenient, and every Person

laying such Rubbish, or causing or procuring the fame to be laid, within, or on the Outside, or near to

such Tnclosure, or in any public Street, Passage, or Place within the said City or Liberties, shall forfeit

and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings, together with the Expence of removing the fame.

XIA. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall flake Lime in the

Foot-way or Carriage-way of any of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages,

or Places, or in any House or Houses within the same, upon Pain that every Person so offending shall, for

every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings.

XX. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to restrain any Bricklayer or

Plafterer from flaking Lime within the Yards or Cellars of Houses which shall be new-building or repair-

ing, or within the Yards or Cellars belonging to the Dwelling-house of any such Bricklayer or Plafterer, so

r^ewTundin^or8 l^e Steam of such Lime be conveyed into and through the Chimney of such House respectively; and

w- ' 1 that no Lime be flaked in any Cellar or Yard after the Hour of seven of the Clock in the Morning, from

Lady-day to Michaelmas, nor after the Hour of eight of the Clock in the Morning, from Michaelmas to

Lady-day; and if any Lime shall be flaked contrary to the Directions of this Act, every Person so offending

shall, for each Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall for the future carry, run, drive,

roll, or draw, or cause to be carried, run, driven, rolled, or drawn, any Bier, or any Wheel or Wheels,

Foot-pavement. empty Cask or Casks, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, or other Carriage whatsoever, or shall ride, lead, or drive,

any Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Cattle, Coach, or other Carriage whatsoever, along any Part of the said

Foot pavements; then, and in any of the said Cafes, and so often as they or any of them shall happen, it

shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall fee any such Offence com-

mitted, to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing such Offender or Offenders,

and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey or deliver him, her, or them,

into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace of

the said City; and the Party or Parties accused being brought before him, such Justice shall proceed to ex-

amine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching

Offenders to for- such Offence (which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer), and if the Party

feir, for first Of- or parties accused shall be convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or

fence, 101. &c. upon such Information as aforesaid, he, she, or they, so convicted, shall forfeit and pav the Sum of ten

Shillings for the first Time of offending; the Sum of twenty Shillings for the second Time of offending;

and the Sum of forty Shillings for the third, and every other Time of offending.

XXII. And it is hereby farther enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may cause to be painted,

engraved, or described in Stone, or otherwise, and to be affixed in a conspicuous Part of one or more House

or Houses, Building or Buildings, at or near each End, Corner or Entrance, of each of the said Streets,

Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages or Places, the Name by which each respective Street,

Lane, Square, Yard, Court, Alley, Passage, or Place, is or shall be properly or usually called or known ;

and may also cause every House, Shop, or Warehouse in each of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards,

Courts, Alievs, Passages and Places, to be marked or numbered in such Manner as they shall judge mod

proper for distinguishing the fame; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously destroy, pull

IiroyTng^&c! the down, obliterate, or deface any such Names, Descriptions, Marks or Numbers, or any Part thereof, or

fame. cause or procure the fame to be done, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and

pay the Sum of forty Shillings.

Alteration* in XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall, without Authority from the

the not Commissioners, alter, or cause to be altered, the Form of the Pavement of any of the said Streets,

Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, or Places, or in any Way incroach thereupon, upon

Pain that every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds,

over and above the Expence of relaying and reinstating the fame, according to the Directions of the said

Commissioners; the said Forfeitures and Expences to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or In-

formation, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at lVeflminflery in the Name of the said Mayor and

Commonalty and Citizens of the said City of London, to be commenced within six Calendar Months next

after the Commission of such Offence; in which Action or Suit, no Protection, Essoin, or Wager of Law,

or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any two House-

keepers within the said City gnd Liberties shall make Complaint, in Writing, under their Hands, to the

said Commissioners, of any Defect or Want of Repair in any of the Pavements of any of the said Streets,

Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, or Places, either before or after the fame shall have

been new-paved or repaired by virtue of this Act; then, and in every such Cafe, the said Commissioners

shall forthwith cause the Pavement so complained of to be inspected by their Surveyor; and if the fame

shall, by him, be found defective, and so reported to be to the said Commissioners, unless such Defect shall

appear to arise from a Defect in the Water-pipes under such Pavement, they the said Commissioners shall

forthwith give Orders to their Contraftor or Contractors, Pavior or Paviors, to repair the fame; and if the

Contractor or Pavior of the said Commissioners, to whom such Order shall be given, shall not, within four

Days next after Receipt thereof, repair the said defective Pavement; then, and in every such Cafe, the

said

Namei of

Streets, See. to

be fixed up;

Penalty on de-

the Streets, not

to be altered.

Bad Pavements

to be repaired.

