588 C. 68.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1772.

Orates orer

Sewers to be

made by the

Commissioners*

Commissionm

may rectify the

Sewers, &c.

traftors, and of the Pavior or Paviort employed by stich Commissioners; and every Person of Persons

neglecting or refusing to give such Notice as aforesaid, within the Times before respectively specified

shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as there shall be Occasion to make

any new, or to repair any Grate or Grates now being over any Sewer or Sewers, belonging to the

Commissioners of Sewers, in the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts. Yards, Alleys, raflages, or

Places, or any of them, the fame shall be made new or repaired by and at the Expence of the said

Commissioners of Sewers, (if the fame shall be thought necessary by them) ; and the fame, when so

made new or repaired, shall be laid down in such Manner as shall be directed by the Surveyor to the

Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution*

c LXIX. And whereas, by reason of the great Conflux of Water from the Lands and Grounds about

* Ijftngtorty and other Places, the Streets called Saint John's Street, and Cow Crofsy are continually an-

1 noyed by Water, and, for want of proper Sewers or Drains to carry off the fame, the Buildings there

1 are greatly prejudiced/ be it therefore further enacted, That the Commissioners for putting this Act

in Execution, or any Seven or more of them, shall have Power, and they are hereby authorised, at such

Time and Times as they shall think proper, during the Time the said Streets are new-paving, to cause

any new Sewers or Drains, with proper and sufficient Grates over the fame, to be made in the said

Streets called Saint John's Street, and Cow Crofsy sufficient to carry off the Water which would other-

wife annoy the fame, and to communicate such Sewers or Drains with any such publick Sewers or Drain*

therein, or thereabouts, as shall be directed by the Commissioners of Sewers: And in case it shall be ne-

cessary for that Purpose to alter or widen any old Sewer or Sewers, the Expence thereof shall be borne

and paid by the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, and the Work performed by them

under the Inspection of the Commissioners of Sewers : And for paying the Expence of making such

new Drains or Sewers, and Grates, over the fame, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any

Seven or more of them. Once in every Year, or oftener, if they think proper, to make a Rate upon the

Occupiers of all Houses, Shops, Buildings, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Streets

where such new Drains or Sewers shall be made, not exceeding Sixpence in the Pound, of the yearly

Rent or Value of such Houses, Shops, Buildings, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and the said Com-

inissioners shall have, and they are hereby vested with the like Powers for receiving, collecting, and re-

covering the said Rate as are herein given with respect to the Rates for paving, and other rurposes ;

wvwi iiik nit* iaiu uau> as aiv utitiii j^ivtu wiiu ivipvwi ivi mw iu< iuk, aiiu viu

which Rate shall be paid by the Occupiers of the respective Houses^ Shops, Buildings, Tenements,

and Hereditaments ; and One Half thereof shall be allowed them again by their respective Landlords,

who are hereby required to allow the fam# to their respective Tenants, upon receiving the Remainder

of his or her Rent or Rents respectively.

Hate to continue LXX. Provided always, That such Rates shall not be made or continued any longer than until the

©niy till Expeiice Money to be raised in Manner herein-after mentioned, for making such new Sewers, shall be paid off

ra,d‘ and fatjsfied.

News*wen,&c. LXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners appointed by

t*118 Act, if they shall think proper, to make, or cause to be made, any other new publick Sewer or

* Sewers, or Drain or Drains, to communicate with any the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards,

Alleys, Passage9, and Places, or any of them; and also any new Grate or Grates over such Sewer or

Sewers, Dram or Drains; and to cause the fame to be placed in such Manner as the said Commis-

sioners, or their Surveyor, shall think proper; and the Expences attending the making such other new

Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains, and Grate or Grates, shall be paid out of the Monies arising by

virtue of this Act, under the Authorities of the said Commissioners; and when all or any such Sewer or

Sewers, Drain or Drains, Grate or G rates, either in Saint John's Street, Cow CroJsy or elsewhere, (haTl

be made and completed, the fame shall be under the Care, Management, and Direction of the Com-

missioners of Sewers in like Manner as the other Sewers now are.

GomtaifBonertef LXXII* And be it further enacted, That when and so often as there shall be Occasion to make new

Sc*^tobe™,~ or additional Grates over any Sewer or Sewers within the said Part of the said Parish, or to repair,

when an^ Work# a^tcri cleanse, or amend any of the said Sewers, or the Grates over the fame ; the Clerk for the Time

necefljry to be being of the Commissioners of Sewers shall, at the Request in Writing of the Surveyor to the said

dontby them. Commissioners of Pavement, or other Person or Persons authorised by them for that Purpose, forth-

• with summon the said Commissioners of Sewers to meet, in order to take the Premises into Considera-

tion, which they are hereby authorised and required to do £t such Meeting ; and also at the fame

Meeting, or any adjourned or other Meeting, to exercise the several Powers and Authorities with which

they are vested, in order that the said several Works may be speedily done, completed and finished.

Lamps to be set LXXIII. And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, from Time

VP>&Q* to Time, to cause such and so many Lamps to be set up in such Places within the Limits aforesaid,

and to be placed in such Manner, and at such Distances as they shall judge necessary, and may con-

tract or agree with any Person or Persons for such Lamps, or may find and provide the fame, if they

shall think fit; and also may contract or agree with any Person or Persons for the lighting, supplying,

maintaining, and repairing such Lamps, and appoint how and where the said Lamps shall be placed,

and at what Time, and how long the said Lamps shall be and continue lighted and burning, so that

they shall be lighted at Sun-setting, and continue burning till Sun-rising ; and what Sum and Sums

of Money shall be paid to the Person or Persons so to be contrafted or agreed with to light, maintain,

and repair the said Lamps; provided that no such Contraft or Agreement shall be for a longer Term

than Three Years from the Commencement thereof,

LXXIV.

