584. C. 68.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772-

ling the fame to the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the

fame, it shall be lawful for them to cause any Action to be brought for the Recovery thereof, with

Colts of Suit.

Names of Street* LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall and

to be affixed up, may order and direct the Houses within the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Paf-

cumtcttlT fege*> and Places within the Limits aforesaid, or any of them, to be numbered with Figures placed or

painted upon or over the Doors thereof, or on such other Part of the said Houses respectively as they

shall thinlc proper; and may also caule to be painted, engraved, ordescribed, in Stone or Wood, or

otherwise, and to be affixed in a conspicuous Part of One or more House or Houses, Building or

Buildings, at or near each End, Corner, or Entrance of each of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes,

Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages and Places, the Name by which each respective Square, Street, Lane,

Penalties 0* de- Court, Yard, Alley, Pillage, and Place, is properly or usually called or known; and if any Person or

facing Numbers, Persons shall wilfully destroy, pull down, injure, obliterate, or deface any such Names, Descriptions,

ice. not exceed- Marks or Numbers, or any Part or Parts thereof, or cause or procure the fame to be done, every Per-

ing 40s. norlcfs son fQ offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings,

than 1 os. nor less than .'Fen Shillings.

to^removed9; LII. And b<; it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at

’ any Time or Times hereafter, drive or place, or cause to be driven or placed, in any of the Carriage-

ways within the Limits aforesaid, any Coach, Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, or on any

Part or Parts thereof, so as to occasion any Annoyance whatsoever, and shall not immediately remove

the fame, when required so to do by any Person or Persons whatsoever; or if any Person or Persons

shall fetor place any such Carriage for the Purpose of loading or unloading thereof, or for any other

Purpose, upon any Foot-way or Crossing in any Square, Street, Way, Lane, Passage or Place within

the Limits aforesaid, every Person so offending shall, for every or either of the said Offences, forfeit

and pay the Sum of Five Shillings; and One of such Commissioners, or any Person or Persons ap-

pointed by them for that Purpose, may seize, or cause to be seized, any such Coach, Cart, Wag-

gon, Dray, or other Carriage, together with the Horse, or Horses, if any shall be thereunto belong-

ing; and drive or remove, or caule the fame to be driven or removed to the Pound, or any other pro-

per Place within the said Parish, there to be kept and detained until the Owner or Owners thereof, or

nis, her or their known Servant or Servants shall and do pay to the Person or Person, in whose Custody

the fame shall be, the said Penalty, together with the Charges of removing the fame, and of keeping

such Horse or Horses, if any; and in case the feme shall not be claimed, and the said Penalty and

Charges paid, within the Space of Five Days next after such Seizure thereof, then it shall and may be

lawful to and for the said Commissioners to order the feme to be appraised and fold, and the Money

arising therefrom shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, under the Direction of the said Com-

missioners.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at

any Time or Times hereafter set or place, or cause to be'set or placed, in any of the Carriage-ways

and the Penalty

on Persons not

complying.

Penalty on not

removing Calks,

after Natice not or Foot-ways within the Limits aforesaid, any Calks, Package, Timber, Stones, Wheels, Bricks,

left than 5 s. Lime, Sand, Mortar, or Wood, of any other Materials or Things whatsoever for the Purposes of

making Mortar, or of Building any House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, or Tenement, or

for any other Purpose (unless the feme shall be inclosed in a Hoard or other Erection as herein-after

is directed) and shall not remove the fame within the Space of Two Hours next after Notice in Wri-

ting to him or her given for that Purpose, or left at the Premises where the feme shall be, or if empty

and unoccupied, or in building, (luck against the Wall thereof, by any One of such Commissioners

as aforesaid, or by any Person or Persons by them appointed for that Purpose, every Person so offend-

ing shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less

than Five Shillings; and any One of such Commissioners, or any Person or Persons so appointed by

them, may seize, or cause to be seized, such Calks, Package, Timber, Stones, Wheels, Bricks,

Lime, Sand, Mortar, Wood, or other Materials (not being inclosed as aforesaid), and take or re-

move, or cause the feme to be taken or removed, to the Pound, or any other proper Place within the

{aid Parish, there to be kept and detained until the Owner or Owners thereof, or his, her, or their

Servant or Servants, shall and do pay to the Person in whose Custody the feme shall be the said Pe-

nalty, together with the Charges of removing the fame; and in case the fame shall not be claimed,

and the said Penalty and Charges paid, within the Space of Five Days next after such Seizure thereof,

then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to order the fame to be appraised and fold; and the

Money arising therefrom shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, under the Direction of the said

Commissioners.

LIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any such Nuisance, Obstruction, or Annoyance,

shall be afterwards replaced, and be continued for the Space of One Hour after Notice to remove the

feme, the Person or Persons convicted of such Second Offence, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten

Shillings, and the like Sum of Ten Shillings for every repeated Offence.

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever

granted forered- shall ered or build, or cause to be erected or built, any Hoard, or ered any Posts, Bars, Rails, Boards,

ing Hoaxd<, &c. or other Things, by way of Inclosure, for the Purpose of making Mort»r, and depositing Bricks,

Stone, Lime, Sand, or any other Materials, for building or repairing any House, Tenement, or other

Works, or for any other Purpose, without Leave or Licence first had and obtained under the Hand

or Hands of the Surveyor or Surveyors for the T ime being to such Commissioners, who1 is and are

1 hereby

penalty if

fjnees art con-

tinued.

Licences may be

C.

