4$0 C. 37.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1772.

Navigation free*

Tolls exempt

from Taxes.

Peniftiment mi

Persons Break-

ing Locks.

LXXV. And be it further enadtedy That the said intended Navigation, and the Works* Towing-

paths, and Haling-ways, hereby authorised to be made and set out, shall be free for the use of all Per-

sons, and their Boats. VcrTCs, and Horses, upon Payment of such Tolls and Rates, as shall be ap-

pointed to be taken by VJrtife of this Act; and that all Taxes, Tolls, Rates, and Duties, to be raifei

by virtue of this Act, shall at all Times hereafter be exempted from the Payment of any Taxes, Rates*

Aflellments, or Impositions, whatsoever ; any Law or Statute to the Contrary notwithstanding.

4 LXXVI. And, for preventing the breaking of Locks or Gates, or damaging any of the Works

4 which flial! be erected in pursuance of this Act,* be it enacted, That if any Matter or Owner of any

Vetter, or any other Person or Persons, shall wilfully and maliciously break any Locks or Gates, or

Cut, break down, damage, or destroy, any Banks or other Works to be erected or made in pursuance

of this Act, such Offender or Offenders shall be judged guilty of Felony, and shall be subject and liable

to the like Pains and Penalties as in case of hclony ; and the Court by and before whom such Per-

son or Persons shall be tried, shall have full Power and Authority to transport such Felon for the

Space of Seven Years, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by* the Laws and

Statutes of this Realm.

GomrnifTS»ner*or LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, at

smake^*efliu-i. any their Meetings during the Continuance of their Authority as aforesaid, and when the Autho-

ye" * rity of the said Commissioners shall be determined, then and from thenceforth the said Trulbes, or any

Seven or more of them, at any of their Meetings (Notice being firtt given of the Intention of such

Meetings in the said weekly Newspaper called The York Courn/ity or other Newspaper as aforesaid.

Twenty-one Days before such Meeting) shall, from Time to l ime, have full Power and Authority to

make Bye-laws, Orders, and Constitucions touching the Cuts, Drains, Sewers, Banks, Cloughs, En-

fines, and other Works now in being, or to be made and construdted by virtue of this Act for the

’urpose of the said Drainage, and for the preserving, repairing, and keeping the fame in Order, and for

the good and orderly using of the said Navigation, and for the well-governing of the Bargemen, Wa»

termen, and Boatmen, who shall convey or carry any Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, on any

Part of the said navigable Canal, and to impose and inflidi reasonable Fines and Foifcitures upon those

who shall violate such Bye-laws, Orders, or Conilitutions, so as no such Fine or Forfeiture shall ex-

oeed the Sum of Forty Shillings on any One Person for any One Off ence ; such Fine or Forfeiture

to be levied and recovered in such Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act directed

to be levied and recovered \ which said Bye-laws, Orders, and Constitutions, beiqg put in Writing

under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners or Triillecs respectively making the same, shall

he binding to, and be observed by, all Parties, and shall be fuflkient in any Courts of Law or Equity

, to justify all Persons who shall act in purluaincc thereof, either in punishing such Persons as shall difo-

bey the fame, or in levying any Penalty or Forfeiture thereby incurred ; but any Person or Persons

thinking himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by ar.v Older or Judgment made or given by or in

pursuance of any such Bye-law, Order, or Coniiituiion, may, within Six Calendar Months after

Luch Order or Judgment shall be m>.de or given, complain to the Justice of the Peace at the General

or Quarter Sessions to be held in and for the said Fait Riding of the County of York, who shall, in a

summary Way, either hear and determine the said Complaint at such General or Quarter Sessions, or

if they shall think proper, may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General or Quarter Sessions

of the Peace to be held for the said Riding ; and if they fee Cause, mitigate or discharge such Forfeitures

or Punishment, and may order any Money, or Part thereof, to be returned, which shall have been

levied in pursuance of such Bye-law, Order, or Constitution ; and may also order further Satisfaction

to be made to the Party injured, and also such Coils to either of the Parties, as they shall judge rea-

sonable ; but no Juftjcc of the Peace shall act or vote in the hearing or determining of any such Com-

plaint, whose Hand and Seal, as a Commissioner, shall appear to have been set to the said Bye-law*

Order, or Constitution, which occasioned such Complaint.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted. That all Bye-laws, Orders, Constitutions, and Proceedings*

as well of the said Commissioners as of the said Trustees, made in pursuance of this Act, shall be entered

in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and such Bye-laws, Orders, Constitutions, and Pro-

cecdings, when entered, shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, or by

the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them respectively, and their Clerk or Clerks attending the

said Commissioners or Trustees respectively, isand arc hereby required to set his or their Name or Names

as a Witness or WitnessVs thereto; and such Bye-laws, Oiders, Constitutions, and Pioccedings, so

signed and attested, shall be deemed and taken to be original Bye-laws, Orders, Constitutions, and Pro-

ceedings, and shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Caules of Appeal, Suits, Actions,

cr other Proceedings, touching any Thing done in pursuance of this Act; and such Book or Books shall

and may be seen and perused, at all fealonable Times, without any Fee or Reward, and Copies there-

of, or of any Part thereof, may be taken by any Pei Ion or Persons, paying the said Clerk or Clerks Two-

pence for every One hundred Words.

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Order which shall be made by the said Com-

missioners, or the major Part of them, and shall be entered in their Book as Standing Orders, nor any

Order which shall be made by the Lid Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, by virtue and under

the Authority of this Act, at any of the Meetings, shall be altered, reversed, annulled, or made void, at

any subsequent Meeting, unltTs Nine or more of the said Trustees, present at such Meeting, be con-

fenting thereto, nor unless Twenty-one Days Notice be pjbliflud in The York Courauty or other News-

nnper, as afo refold*

LX XX.

•Bye-laws to be

cnicied in a

Jioik*

may be read

Jfl Evidence.

