314- C. 55* Anno undccimo Georgii III- A-D* 1771V

CAP. LV.

An Act to incapacitate Jehn Burnett , Charles Hannington, Thomas Hafelgrove, Ralph Mbor,

Thomas Parfins, Thomas Snook junior* Thomas Hannington, John Hannington,. John Robin*

son, William Cheesman, George Browne, Parsons, Car/, Frederick Deem, William

Dean, Samuel Tuppen, 7^* Sawyers, Thomas Crowtsr, Thomas Pockney, Jeftph Dedman,

7^ D&aa, Whiting, William Stevens, 7^# Bawcomh, Robert Parker, John HogsJUJb,

John Purse, 7^» Dean, Thomas Jennings, John Snook junior, Richard Tilstone, William

Turner, Walter Sawyers, Charles Mitchell, John Jarsnand, John. Wood,. Friend Daniel, Wil-

liam Gratwick, Nathaniel Hillman, Thomas Roberts, John Afl:man, William Cooter, Thomas

Froft, "Michael Smith, Richard Carver, Michael Durrani, Emery Churcher, Walter Broad,*

Richard Stoneham, James Bennett, Clement Freeman\ William Juppi Thomas Crowter, Jobss

Barnard, James Mitchell, James Millar, otherwise Miller, WiiUcnn Newnham, Jeffery Car-

ver, Randall Button, James Carver, John Martin, John Dedman- senior,. William Jennings,

William Hards, Thomas Gear, William Rusbridge, Henry Robinfcn,. and Henry Hannington,

from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for the preventing Bribery

and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of iViw

Shcreham, in the County of -Suffix*

PteftmMe.- * \ 17 HEREAS a wicked and corrupt Society, calling itfclF the Christian Society, hath for several Year*-

4 . VV fubfiiled in the Borough of jVm> Shcreham, in the County of Sussex, and conftfted of a great Ma—

4 jority of Persons having a Right to vote at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for the said

4 Borough : And whereas it appears that the chief End of the Institution of the said Society was for the

1 Purpose of felling, from time to time, the Seat or Seats in Parliament for the said Borough : And whereas

4 7*/w Burnett, Charles Hannington, Thomas Hafelgrove, Ralph Moor, Thomas Parsons, Thomas Snook j«-

4 nior, Thomas Hannington, John Hannington, John Robin son, William Cheesman, George Browne, Jehu

4 Parsons, John Curl, Frederick Dean, William Dean, Samuel Tuppen, John Sawyers, Thomas Crowter, The-

4 Pockncv, Joseph Dedman, John Dean, John Whiting, William Stevens, John Bawcomh, Robert Par-

4 &r, John Hogsftejh, John Purse, John Dean, Thomas Jennings, John Snook junior,. RichardTil/lone, Wil~

4 liam Turner, Walter Sawyers, Charles Mitchell, JobnJarmand, John Wood, Friend Daniel, William Grot-

4 Nathaniel Hillman, Thomas Roberts, John Ashman, William Cooter, Thomas Frojl, Michael Smith,.

4 Richard Carver, Michael Durr ant, Emery Churcher, Walter Broad, Richard Stoneham, James Bennett,

4 Clement Freeman, William Jupp, Thomas Crowter, John Barnard, James Mitchell, James Millar, other-

4 wife Miller, William Newnham, Jeffery Carver, Randall Button, James Carver, 7*0* Martin, John Ded-

4 77K7?* senior, William Jennings, William Hards, Thomas Gear, William Rusbridge, Henry Robinson, and

4 Henry Hannington, were Members of the said Society :* In order therefore to prevent such unlawful

Practices for the future, and that the said Borough from henceforth be duly represented in Parliament, be

it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame, That the said John Burnett, Charles Hannington, Thomas Hafelgrove, Ralph Moor, Thomas Parsons,

Thomas Snook junior, Thomas Hannington, John Hannington, John Robinson, William Cheesman, George

Browne, John Parsons, John Curl, Frederick Dean, William Dean, Samuel Tuppen, John Sawyers, Thomas

Crou ter, Thomas Pockney, Joseph Dedman, John Dean, John Whiting, William Stevens, John Bawcomb,

Robert Parker, John Hogsflejh, John Purse, John Dean, Thomas Jennings, John Snook junior, Richard Tii-

Jfone, William Burner. Walter Sawyers, Charles Mitchell, John Jarmand, John Wood, Friend Daniel, IFtl-

liam GraPivick, Nathaniel Hillman, Thomas Roberts, John Ashman, William Cooter, Thomas Froft, Michael

Smith, Richard Carver, Michael Durr ant, Emery Churcher, Walter Broad, Richard Stoneham, James Ben-

nett, Clement Freeman, William Jupp, Thomas Crozvter, John Barnard, James Mitchell, James Millar

otherwise Miller, William Newnham, Jeffery Carver, Randall Button, James Carver, John Martin, John

Dedman senior, William Jennings, William Hards, Thomas Gear, William Rusbridge, Henry Robinson, and

Henry Hannington, shall be, and, by virtue of this Act, are from henceforth incapacitated and disabled

from giving any Vote at any Election for the chusing a Member or Members to serve in Parliament.

Freeholders II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from henceforth it shall and may be law-

•bovc 2r Years fuJ to and for every Freeholder, being above the Age of one and twenty Years, who shall have within the

MnnaU in4-0* Bape Bomber, in the said County of Sussex, a Freehold of the clear yearly Value of forty Shillings, to

titled* to vote! g«ve h,s Vote at every Election of a Burgess or Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of New

Shorcham.

Flehtof Elec- III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Right of Election of a Member or

in whom Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of New Shnreham shall be, and is hereby declared to

*erted* he, in such Freeholders as aforesaid, and in the Persons who, by the Custom and Usage of the said Borough,

have, or shall hereafter have, aRightto vote at such Election, those whose Names are mentioned herein,

5 and

<^.

