614 C. 69.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1772.

may be lodged.

Penalty on ob-

the Footway sill alone the Front of their respefiive Housei and Tenements, or cause the fame te be

scraped, swept, and cleansed ; and in Default thereof, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay

the Sum of Two Shillings ; to be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of

One or morejustice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, upon the Oaths of Two or more cre-

dible Witnesses, which Oath the said Justice or Justices of the Peace is and are hereby required and

impowered to administer. '

-WhereMaterial* l. And be it further enacted. That during the Time any Square, Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Mewfe^

or oot-ways Alley, Passage, or Place, shall be new paving or repairing under the Direction of the said Commis-

sioners, or any Seven or more of them, they shall have* Power to order the necessary Materials to be

lodged in that or any adjoining Street or Place, or Streets or Places, which they, or any Seven or more

of them, shall think fit, as also to stop the Way through any adjacent Square, Street, Lane, Court,

Yard, Mewfe, Alley, Passage, or Place, so long as they, or any Seven or more of them, shall judge ne-

ceflary; and all Persons acting under their Directions, as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified from any

Prosecution or Action whatsoever, except where such Materials shall be lodged upon, or over, or

within Six Feet of any Fire Plug Or Cock, and also, except where any such Materials shall be depo-

sited in or near the End of any narrow Street or Place, in such Manner as to prevent the Admimon

of Fire-engines into such Street or Place.

LI. And be it therefore enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times from

ftructing Survey- an(j after the passing of this Adf, obstrudl, hinder, or molest any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Of-

ficer or Officers, Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be employed by the said Commis-

sioners, or ai»y Five or more of them, in the Performance or Execution of their Duty ; every Person

•or Persons so offending shall, for the First Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings, for the Se-

cond Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings, and for the Third and every other Offence the Sum of Three

Pounds.

Rates may be 4 LII. And, in order to raise a sufficient Sum of Money for carryinetbe several Purposes of this A&

iofos a0,l 1 into Execution/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing

-of this Act, One or more Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall, for the Purpose of repair-

ing, cleansing, lighting, watering, and watching, the several Squares, Streets, Lanes, Court9, Yards,

Mewfes, Alleys, Passages, and Places, within the Limits aforesaid, be made, laid, and assessed by the

said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them. Once in every Year, or oftener, if they shall judge

it needful, upon all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, use, occupy,

possess, or enjoy, any Land, Ground, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault,

Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, in any or the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards,

Mewfes, Alleys, Passages, or Places, in such competent Sum and Sums of Money as the said Com-

missioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall order and direct; so as such Rate or Rates, Assessment

or Assessments, do not exceed in the Whole the Sum of Two Shillings in the Pound, in any One Year,

according to the yearly Rent or Value of such Lands, Grounds, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach-

houses, Stables, Cellar*, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, situate as aforesaid.

Lilf. And be it further enacted. That the first Rate or Assessment shall commence from the Twenty-

fifth Day of December last past ; and every future Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall com-

mence from the Time that the last preceding Rates or Assessments ended, and not otherwise; and the

Monies therein and thereby charged and assessed, shall be payable and recoverable Quarterly in Manner

herein after directed.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Commissioners, or any Nine or

more of them, shall have caused any Square, Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Mewfe, Alley, Passage, or

Place, within the Limits aforesaid, or any Part of Parts thereof, to be new-paved, it shall and may be

lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more ef them, as soon as conveniently may

be, and so in like Manner yearly, or oftener, if Occasion shall require, to make, lay, and assess, upon

all and every Person or Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, use, occupy, possess, or enjoy any such

Land, Ground, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tene-

ment, or Hereditament respectively, as far as such new Pavement shall extend, (except such Squares,

Streets, and Places, as shall be new-paved at the Request of Three>fourth Parts of the Inhabitants of

.any such Square, Street, or Place, in the Manner herein-before directed), a further Sum, not exceed-

ing Sixpence in the Pound, of the yearly Rent or Value of such Lands, Grounds, Houses, Shops,

Warehouses, Coach-houses, Stabjes, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, orHereditaroents re-

speflively, to commence from the Time that such new Pavement shall be respectively completed.

LV. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners,

Creditor the* or any Nine or more of them, from Time to Time, when they shall judge it necessary for the Purpose

1 ‘ 9 aforesaid, to boriow and take up at Inteieft such Sum or Sums of Money, as any Person or Persons is

or are willing to lend and advance upon the Credit of the said additional Rate or Assessment of Sixpence

in the Pound ; and by any Writing or Writings, upon Vellum or Parchment, signed by the said Com-

missioners, or any Nine or more of them, to assign the said additional Rate or Assessment to any Per-

son or Persons who shall advance and lend such Money thereon as a Security or Securities for the several

Sums so borrowed, with Interest for the fame ; which Interest shall be payable and paid Half-yearly by

the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, out of the Monies to arise by or from the said addi-

tional Rate or Assessment.

LV1. And be it further enacted, That such Sum or Sums of Money, when so received by the said

Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this A<2, or

by

Commencement

of the Rates.

Where any

Streets, itc. are

new paved an

additional Rare

may be laid on

Inhabitants.

Mon?y may be

Rates.

Application of

Monica*

^

