5io C. 41,

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1772.

ccpted.)

NoFeriyth* XXIX.. Provided also, That no Ferry or Ferries* than as aforesaid, {hall at any Time hereafter be

as aforJsid to set up or used within the Difhnce of Orie Mile from the prei'ent Bridge, or intended Bridge.

be let up within

Ona Mile's Distance.

Bridge to be cal- XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Bridge, when built, shall be called by the Name of

led Maidenhead Maidenhead Bridge, and shall be so named and intitled in all legal Proceedings whatsoever 5 and that

Bridge. the lame shall be deemed and taken to be comprised in, and to be Part of the Parish of Bray, in the

said County of Berks.

■ Count*XXXI. Provided always. That the said new-intended Bridge {hall not be deemed a County Bridge,

■ oun y n gc. fl0r subject the said Counties of Berks or Bucks, or either of them, to repair or suppdrt the fame.

Nottoinjure XXXII. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That

Houses, &c. (ex- nothing in this A& contained shall authorise or impower the said Mayor, Bridgemasters, and Burgesses,

reptisherein ex- to purchase, take down, remove, injure, or damage any House or other Building, or any Yard, Garden,

or Wharf, or any Walk of Trees, or Avenue to any House, unless the Owner or Owners thereof shall

consent thereto, (except the Dwelling house. Yard, Out-houses, and Premises belonging to Ralph Rib

hinfon, and Part of the Yard or Wharf belonging to Penystone Powney Esquire, extending in Length from

the said Messuage of Ralph Robinson to the present Turnpike house, and in Breadth not exceeding Fifty

Feet, and a Shed or Out house now (landing thereon; and also except Two Messuages or Tenements,

with the Outhouses and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, in the several Occupations of the late

jamin Dafforn and Chri/iopher Poulton; all which said Premises are situate at or near the Weft End of

the new-intended Bridge; and also except Part of the Garden in the Occupation of John March, lying

opposite to an Inn called The Orkney Arms, in the Parish of Taplow, in the said County of Bucksy as the

fame runs South and Eall from the Angle of the said Garden next the present Bridge, by a Line to be

drawn from a Point at the Dittance of f ifty Feet on the South Side of the said Angle, to a Point at the

Distance of Fifty Feet on the East Side thereof; all which Premises are hereby meant and intended to

be taken down or made ule of for the Purpose of building the said Bridge, and opening and makings

commodious Road and Way to and from the same); any Thing herein contained to the Contrary here-

of in anvwife notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as soon as the said

new Bridge shall be completed and finished, and fit for the Passage of Horses, Cattle, Beasts*, and Car-

riages, the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, are hereby required

to take down the present Bridge called Maidenhead Bridge.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and all the Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Mat-

ters, and Things whatsoever, herein contained, shall commence and take Place from and after the said

Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

XXXV. And be it further enacted be the Authority aforesaid, That the said Maybr, Bridge-masters,

and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, shall meet at the Town-hall of the Town of Maidenhetby

otherwi(e Maidenheadj on the said Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seven-

ty-two, and shall proceed to the Execution of this Act, and shall then, and from Time to Time after*

wards, adjourn themselves, to meet at such Place or Places within the said Town, or near the said new*

intended Bridge, as they the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, or the major Part of them,

All Order*, fee/ {hall, from Time to Time, think most convenient for putting this Act in Execution; and thit all Or-

<0 be m»de at ders and Determinations of the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, or the major Part of thettit

in Execution of this Act, {ball be made at Meetings to be held in pursuance'of this Act, and not other-

wife: And that in case there {hall not appear at such First Meeting, or any subsequent Meeting, a fdf-

ficient Number to ad and to adjourn; then, and in such Cafe, the Clerk for the Time being shall and

may, from Time to Time, adjourn such Meeting to some other Day, to be held at the same Place with-

in the Space of Seven Days from such Adjournment, and shall cause publick Notice in Writing to be

fixed upon the Market-house in Maidenhead, and the Toll-house upon or near the said new-intended

Bridge, Three Days before the Day thereby to be appointed for such Meeting.

XaXVI. Provided always, That neither the said Mayor, or either of the Bridge-masters, nor any of

to be concerned the said Burgesses', shall be concerned in any Contract for building, repairing, or supporting the said

In any Coatrtft. Bridge, or for furnishing any Materials for building or repairing the fame, or shall hold any Place of

Profit under this Act; but the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, or such of the said Burgesses as are in the

Commission of the Peace, may nevertheless act as Justices in the Execution of this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Orders and Proceedings of

the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, {hall be entered in a Book

or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and being signed by the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Bur-

lAiyor. Sec. to

«»ke down the

present Bridge.

Commencement

of the Ad.

Time and Place

Meeting.

publick Meet-

injt.

Mayer, Bee. not

Proceeding* to

he entered m

Books.

gestes, or the major Part of them, or their Clerk or Treasurer, {hall be deemed and taken to be original

Ordeis; and such Book or Books, and also the Entries of all Grants and Assignments of the Tolls here-

by made payable, and also of the Transfer of such Grants and Assignments, shall and may be produced

and read in Evidence in all Cafes of Appeal, and in any Suits or Actions touching any Thing done in

^ pursuance of this Act.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Infer-

mn ut Scrap*. mat jon> Order, Judgment, Conviction, Warrant, Mortgage, Grant, Assignment, Transfer, or other Se-

curity, foj the borrowing of Money, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Seal of the said Mayor,

BiiJge-masters, and Burgesses, or under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by,

wy

