The T I T L E of the STATUTES.

Paflure, called Tloe Cow Pasture, in the Parish of Ack-

worth, in the County of York.

i°2% An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and drain-

ing the Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Moors or

Commons, in the Township and Parish of Terrington,

in the N orh Riding of the County of York.

iQj. An Act for dividirg and inclosing the Open and

Common'Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea-

dows, and Common Waste Grounds, within the Ma-

nor and Parish of Heathy otherwise Hethe, in the County

of Oxford, and for exonerating certain Lands belonging

v to William Fermer Esquire, from Tithes and Right of

Common.

i°4. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common

Fields and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of

Sbiltoriy in the County of Warwick.

105. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open Com-

mon Fields, Meadow Grounds, and other Commonable

Lands, within the Parish of Thorpe Achurchy in the

County of Northampton.

106. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and

Waste Grounds, in Aldwinckle in the County of North-

ampton.

107. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and

Common Fields, Common Meadows, Grounds, Com-

mon Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in the

Township of Blockley, and Hamlets of Draycot and Pax-*

fordy in the Parish of Blockley, and County of Worcester.

108. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands,

within the Manor and Parish of EajUeach Tourvilky in

the County of Gloucester.

109. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Common Fields, Meadows, and other Commonable

Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Ma-

nor of Kings RiptoHy in the County of Huntingdon.

110. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,* the

Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands andWafte

Grounds, of, within, and belonging to the Manor, Pa-

rish, and Liberties of Win*, in the County of Rutland.

Mi. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fen,

and certain other Commonable Places and Open Fields,

within the Parish of Kirtony in the Parts of Hollandy in

the County of Lincoln.

112. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fen,

Open Fields, and certain other Commonable Places,

•belonging to, and in the Parish of Wigtofty in the County

of Lincoln.

113. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fen,

Common Marsh, and other Commonable Places with-

in the Parish of Sutterton% in the County of Lincoln.

114. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or

Common, called Hamjlecls Aloory within the Parish and

Manor of Lanchejlcry in the County Palatine of Dur-

ham.

•I 15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in

the Parish of Lanchamy in the County of Nottingham.

116. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Collier

Esquire, with Chrijiiana Gwyn9 his now Wife ; and to

enable him to marry again ; and for other Purposes

therein mentioned.

•117. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Caz'nove.

ill#. An Act for naturalizing Paul Pourtalis and Frt.ncis

Gabriel Charles Muller.

•119. An Act to enable the mod Noble //1 Hi am Duke of

. D cvenshire to grant Rcvcilionary LeaLs of his Lease-|

1

hold Estate, in the Parish of Saint JatneSy Weftwin/hry

in the County of Middlesex.

120, An Act for difenarging divers Manors, Reftories,

Advowsons, Messuages, Lands, Tithes, Rents, and He-

reditaments, Part of the Estate of the Right Honourable

John Earl Spencery comprised in, and settled by, the last

Will and Tettament, and Codicil thereto, of the most

Noble Sarah late Duchess Dowager of Marlboroughy dc-

ceased, and by certain Conveyances executed in pur-

fuance thereof, from the Uses and Trusts declared by

the said Will, Codicil, and Conveyances ; and for set-

tling other Manors, Reftories, Advowsons, Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments of

greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

121. An Act for vesting the Manor of East Lavanty and

divers Messuages and Lands, with the Appurtenances,

in the County of Sufjix, intailed by the Will of the

Right Honourable Alary late Countess Dowager of

Derly, deceased, in Truitecs, to be sold 5 and foe pur-

chafing other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to

the like Uses.

122. An Act to veil in Trustees, to be sold, certain

Estates, in the Counties of York, Weslmordandy and

Lancajhirty which belonged to Ann Fenwick Widow,

before her intermarriage ; and for the Relief of the

said Ann Femvicky in such Manner as in the said Act is

mentioned.

123. An Act for vesting certain Freehold and Copyhold

Hereditaments mu Wecting, in the County of Norfolk,

Part of the settled Estate of Philip Champion Cre/pigny

Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold ; and for laying out the

Money to arise by Sale thereof in the Purchase of other

Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the fame

Uses as said Premises in Wetting now lland limited.

124* An Act for vesting certain Estates, belonging to the

Drapers Company of the City of Londoiiy in the Gover-

nor and Company of the Bank of Englmdy fr.ed and

discharged from certain Charities, to which the fame

are subject ; and for veiling other Estates, belonging to

the said Governor and Company of the Bank, i:i the

said Company of Drapers, subject to the before-men-

tioned Charities.

125. An Act to veil in Walter Lloyd Esquire, and others,

a small Quantity of Ground, Parcel of the Glebe of the

Rectory of Manerdivy% in the County of Pcmbrokcy in

Consideration of a certain yearly Rent thereby secured,

and for other Purposes therein mentioiud.

126. An Act for the Sale of certain Messuages, Tenements,

Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, in the Parish of

Saint George the Alariyry and Borough of Southwark, in

the County of Surrey, Part of the settled Estate of John

Bullock Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, and for laying

out the Money arising by Sale thereof in the Purchase of

other Estates, Nto be settled to the same Uses.

127. An Act to enable John Rolle Esquire, and Judith

Alaria IValrond, Spinller, to make Settlements on the

Marriage intended between them, nctwithilanding their

respective Minorities.

128. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Humphry

Minchin Esquire, in the County of Tipperiry, in the

Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to sell the same; and

for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase

of other Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called

England, or in the Principality of Walesy to be settled

to the same Uses.

129. An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Estates, situate

111 the Counties of Kent and Surrey, upon Trust, to fell

and dispose of the fame, and invest the Monies arising

thereby

