812 C. 62. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

After September V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Makersof Bread for Sale, and all Persons

19,1773, Ma- who shall, after theftaid Twenty-ninth Day of September t One thousand seven hundred and seventy-

^l-tomlkcand t^iree» ma^c and bake, for Sale, and shall fell, or expose.to or for Sale, the said Standard Wheaten

dljofe of the Bread, shall make, fell, and expose to or for Sale the said Bread as directed by this Act ; and all

lime as hereby such Makers of the said Bread for Sale, and Persons felling, orexpofing to or for Sale, the said Bread,

Oireited. shall be liable to the fame or the like Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punishments, in all Respects

whatsoever, for any Mifdemc anour or Neglect in the making, marking, felling, or exposing to or for

' Sale, the said Standard Whea:en Bread, as they are liable to by the Laws now in being, for any

Mi (demeanour or Negkft, in respect to making, marking, felling, or exposing to or for Sale,

Wheaten or Household Bread.

The Miller«r VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That! if any Information shall

Mcalman felling be jajj against any Baker for making, marking, baking, or exposing to or for Sale, any Bread, pur-

h1ourCrfhjll for- Port‘n2 to be the Standard VVheaten Bread aforesaid, made of Flour, not being the w*ho!e Produce of

fciMhe Penal- of the Wheat, the Bran or Hull thereof only excepted, and weighing Three-fourth Parts of the

t4fs dirctfed by Weight of the Wheat whereof it was made, and such Baker shall prove that he bought the said Flour,

Ad 31 Geo. II. whereof his Breed was made, as and for such Flour, as aforesaid, of the Miller or Mealman, naming

his Name and Place of Abode ; then, and in such Cafe, the Baker shall stand clear and acquitted, and

the Miller or Meal-man so offending, and being legally convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay the Pe-

nalties enacted and directed to be paid, in the Cafe of adulterating Corn, Meal, or Flour, by an

Act, passed in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of King George the S cond, intituled, yin Alt for the

due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and yljjize thereof and to pUnish Persons who Jha!l adulterate

Ale a I, Flour, cr Bread.

Wh?re Ma?i- VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and where any Magistrate,

stratn Hull have Magistrates, or others, authorised as aforesaid, shall have set an Ailize on or fixed the Price of the

p,*Afl*fs on ^tanc^ar^ Wheaten Bread, as directed by this Act, all and every such Person or Persons so autho-

dard Wheatc*1" are hereby authoris'd and impowered to omit, if they think proper, the getting an Assize upon.

Bread, other or fixing the Price of any other Sort of Bread.

Pet font autho-

rial may wnit fixipg the Price of any other Sort of Bread.

After Sept. 19, VIII. And be it further enacted"by the Authority aferfefaid, Tirat from and after the TWenty-ninth

1773, Justice*, Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and feverrty-three, the Justices of the Peace of every

at their Quarter County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, tmd Place, at any General or Quarter Session of the

Scflh°b*S* 77 Peace which shall -be held within their respective Counties, Riding, Division, Cities, Towns, Liber-

Kon-h^the3 Pes* or Jurisdictions, may, if they shall think proper, prohibit, and they are hereby authorised and

baking or fell:ng impowered to prohibit, for Three Months, unless thfcy shall fee Cause sooner to revoke the Order for

•ther Bread than such Prohibition, which they are hereby impowered to do at any adjourned Quarter Sessions, or any

Standard Special Srflions within their respective JurifV.idtions, or within any Part thereof, the Makers of Bread

Wheaten 5 for Sale from making for Sale, baking, felling, orexpofing to or for Sale, any other One or more

but no such Sorts of Bread, being, or purporting to be, of a superior Quality, and sold at a higher Price than the

Order shall tak« Standard Wheaten Bread aforesaid : Provided, that no such Order for such Prohibition do take Place,

Place till One or be in Force, uotii One Calendar Month at least after the Date of the making thereof 5 and every

CalendarMonth, Order, which shall be so from Time to l ime made, in or touching the Premises, by any such Justices,

shall be entered tn a Book, to be provided and kept for that Purpose by such Justices, and which

108 r * Book shall and may be inspected by the Makers of Bread for Sale within the jespective Jurisdiction of

Copyoffuch any Justices, at all leasonable Times, in the Day-time, and without paying any Fee or Reward in

Orderto brpui respect thereof : And after the making every such Order by any such Justices, the Jurtices who shall

up in some make the fame, shall, with all convenient Speed, cause a Copy of every such Order to be affixed or

Market Town, put Up jn some Market, or other publick Town, within the Division or Part of the County, Riding,

some pub lick Liberty, Rape, Wapentake, City, Town, or Place, in which such Order is to be observed, and take

Newspaper. Place, orclfe such Justices, within their respective Jurisdictions, shall cause a Copy of every such Order to

be, with ail convenient Speed, after the making thereof respectively, inserted in fom$ publick

Newspaper, which shall be be published in the County, Riding, Division, Rape, Wapentake,

City, Town, or Place, or some Part thereof, in which every such Order respectively is to be observed,

and take Place.

Company of IX. Provided always. That within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, the Company of

!iaker$ of Loo- Bakers of the said City, and in any other City, County, Division, District, Town, or Place, any

•for Ob’-aiom ^a^cr or Maker of Bread for Sale, Bakers or Makers of Bread for Sale, may, within the respective

agamt such I ro- Jurisdiction to which he or they do belong, or wherein he or they do exercise their Tiade or Mystery,

kuiition. have an Opportun'ty of offering to fuchjustices, as aforesaid, all such Objections as such Company of

Bakers, or such Bakers or Makers of Bread for Sale, may have and think fit to offer against such Pro-

hibition as aforesaid, at the Time when such Justices, as aforesaid, shall have under Consideration the

ordering such Prohibition as aforesaid.

WLea ten Loaves X. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to pre-

of the . rice of * ven* the M^gistrates and others, who, by the Laws now in being, are authoril'cd to set an Assize on

id or 2d. may Bread, from allowing at all Times, and even during the Time of such Prohibition as aforesaid, if

br made and tht y shall think fit, any White Loaves or Wheaten Loaves of the Price of One Penny, or 7wo-

to P?nce> to be made and fold, so that the said Loaves be made, marked, baked, exposed to and for

31 c°’ Sale, and fold according to the Regulations of The Table of JJfize and Price of Breads contained in,

and

