A.D. *771. Anno undecimo Georgii III.. C. 36. 221

^cvcral Districh comprised in this Act, any Bier, Sedan -chair, or any Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Wheel- ,jone to the Foot

barrow, or other Carriage whatsoever; or shall wilfully ride, lead, or drive, any Horse, Afs, Mule, or ravement.

other Cattle, Coach, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, upon any of the said Foot Pavements; then,

and in any of the said Cales, and so often as they or any of them shall happen, it shall and may be lawful

ro and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall fee any such Offence committed, to seize, and also

for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing such Offender or Offenders, and, by the Authority of

this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey or deliver him, her, or them, into the Custody of a

Peace Officer, in order to be secured or conveyed before some Justice of the Peace of the said County of

Edinburgh; and the Party or Parties accused being brought before him, such Justice shall proceed to ex-

amine, upon Oath, any YVitnefs or Wiuieffes who shall appear, or be produced, to give Information

touching such Offence (which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer; and

if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her, or their own

Conftftion, or upon such Information as aforesaid, he, she, or they so convicted, shall forfeit and pay the

Surn of five Shillings Sterling for the first Offence, the Sum of ten Shillings Sterling for the second Offence,

and the Sum of twenty Shillings Sterling for the third and every other Offence.

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Order or Determination of the said Commissioners Commissionera

shall be valid, unlcls the fame shall be made at a Meeting held in pursuance of this Act; nor shall any not to act during

Gommissioner hereby appointed, or hereafter to be elected or appointed as aforesaid, be capable of acting as the Time thc7

such during the Time he shall enjoy any Office of Profit by virtue of the Powers given by this Act, or have

any Share or Interest in any Contract relating to the Execution thereof. (hi,

XXII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Commissioners of the respective Distridts, or any por riving Ko-

three or more of them, may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from time to time, to employ tkeofCootrads*.

under them any fit Person or Persons in or about cleansing all or any of the said Streets, Squares, Courts,

Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and other Places within the said several Distridts comprised in this Act, and in

and about the enlightening of the fame, and in and about the several Works hereby appointed to be per-

formed, and to contract for the Performance of the said Works, or any of them, with any Person or

Persons whatsoever, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall think

fit.

XXIII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Person, being a Commissioner under

this Act, shall be, dircdtly or indirectly, interested or concerned in any Contract which shall be made or

entered into by or on the Behalf of the said Commissioners, for or concerning any of the said Works to be

carried cn or performed in pursuance of this Act, or for or concerning any Materials to be used or employed

therein, upon Pain that every such Contract shall be null and void; and that the Person who being a Com-

millioner as aforesaid, and shall be so interested or concerned therein, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit

and pay the Sum of five Pounds Sterling to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be reco-

vered and levied in Manner herein after directed; and every Person against whom the said Penalty shall be

recovered, shall, for ever thereafter, be disabled from being a Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act.

XXIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them,

in their respective Distridts, shall and may, yearly, and every Year, order and appoint what Number of

Watchmen they shall judge proper to be kept in such Places of the said several Distridts comprised in this

Act for each Year, and elect such honest and able-bodied Men to be employed in that Service as they shall

think heft qualified for the fame; and also direct where the several Watchmen shall be stationed, and in

what Manner they shall be armed, and how often they shall go their Rounds, how long they shall continue

upon Duty, and what Wages shall be allowed to such Watchmen for their Attendance; and also shall or

may hire, erect, or maintain any proper Place or Places, within the Limits aforesaid, for the Reception of

the said Watchmen, and shall make all such Regulations and Orders in Writing as the Nature of each

particular Service shall appear to them, or any three or more of them, to require.

XXV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Watchman shall be appointed within

any District whatever, but by the Concurrence, or with the Consent of Two Thirds of the Valuation

within such Diffridt.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the several Distridts,

at their first or adjourned Meetings as aforesaid, shall ascertain the Expence necessary for erecting and

lighting the Lamps in their several Distridts in Manner aforesaid, and for watching and cleansing their

Streets for one Year; and (hill assess all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit any House,

or inhabit or possess any Shop or Warehouse within their several Distridts, in a Sum not exceeding Six-

pence Sterling in the Pound of the real Rent of such House, Shop, or Warehouse so inhabited, held, or

occupied.

Xa VII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That it shall and may be lawful to and

for the said Commissioners, or a Majority of them, in their respective Distridts, by and with the Consent

of Persons rcfiJing within such District, and having Two-third Parts of the Valuation thereof, to afi'efs

thcmfdves for fulfilling the Purposes of this Act in an additional Sum, so as that the whole Affellrnent to be

Lid by virtue of this Act shall not exceed one Shilling Sterling in the Pound of the real Rent for one

Year.

XXVIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That it shall not be in the Power of any

District to assess themselves in less than Sixpence Sterling in the Pound of the real Rent for one Year, unlcls

they shall make it appear, to the Satisfaction of a General Meeting, that any Idler Sum is sufficient for

answering the Purposes intended by this Act.

Pound, unlef* it be made appear tbit a smaller Sum will answer the Purposes

No

ners to be con-

cerned in any

Contract*

For appointing:

W4tcbn.cn.

Watchmen not*

to be appointed

without the

Consent cf Twc-

thirds of the

Valuation.

Rates or AfLfT-

ments at 6 d.

per Pound.

Com million era

with Consent of

T wo th rcs of

the Valuation

may lay on an

additional A

ircnt no: exceed-

ing one Shill.ng

per Pound.

No D.ftritf to her

ailcfi'^d at left

than <S d. per

of thu Att*.

XXIX. And.

\

