$38 C. 58. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772*

truly on their Oath9, to assess the Value of the Premise* comprised in fitch Notices, and the Price or

Consideration to be given for the feme, to the respective Owner or Owners thereof, according to their

respective Intereffcs therein, which Oath the said Justices are hereby authorised and required to admi-

nister to the said Jury; and to which said Jury, the said Person or Persons so to be appointed by His

Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the Parties interested in such Premises, shall have their lawful

Challenges; and the said Jury, being so sworn and charged as aforesaid, after proper Evidence, oil

Oath, given to them, shall, by their Verdict, assess the Price or Consideration to oe given for such

Premises to the respective Owner or Owners thereof, according to their respective Interests therein ;

Verdict of the which Verdict of the said Jury, and Judgment of the said Justices thereupon, shall be conclusive, and

Ju y, %ni frffr finally bind all Parties; and from ana after such Verdict and Judgment, and paying such Priceor other

Consideration, the said Premises shall vest in and be held by His xMujesty, His Heirs and Successors, in

Manner and for the Purposes aforesaid.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for the further Encouragement of the Herring Fishery on the Coasts of the Ifitof

Man; and for obviating a Doubt which has arisen with respect to the allowing the Boun-

ties upon the British White Herring Fishery, in the Year One thousand seven hundred

and seventy-one.

Preamble*

After June 14,

177a, any Sort

of Herrings*

caught and cured

near the Isle of

Man, may be

brought into

Great Britain,

on Payment of

the Duties men*

ti >ned.

Herrings from

the Isle of Man

liable to the fame

Duties as those

brought from

Scotland.

Certificate to be

brought by the

Master of the

Ship, from the

Governor, Ac.

tbit the Herrings

were taken on

the Coasts of the

Isle of Man; to

be attested by an

Officer of the

Customs, expref-

sing thcNumber

of Bairds, *xc.

After June'*4,

177a, Inhabi-

tant of the Isle

of Man way ex-

port H-rrngs to

the Bi tish Co-

ionics,

4 TI WHEREAS it is necessary that some further Encouragement should be given to the Inhabitants

of the Isle of Mans to engage in and carry on the Herring Fiftiery, on the Coasts thereof;

may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempor.il, and-

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and af-

ter the Twenty-fourth Day of June^ One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, it shall and maybe

lawful to import, and bring into any Part of Great Britain, any Sort of Herrings caught upon the Coasts

of the Isle of Alan, and cured there, upon Payment of the Duties herein-after mentioned; any Law*

Custom, or Usage, to the Contrary notwithstanding;. that is to say. For every Barrel of While Her-

rings, containing Thirty two Gallons, Three Shillings and Four-pence, and for every, thousand of Red

Herrings One Shilling and Eight-pence* and after those Rates for any greater or less Quantitiesof such

Herrings rcfoeftively*

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties which shall be charged

upon such Herrings, in pursuance of this Act, shall be raised, JevieJ, and recovered by such Ways and

Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, an<L applied to the same Uses and Purposes, as are

directed and preferihed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, which are now in Force, respecting

the Dirties upon Fish brought or imported into England, from that Part of the United Kingdom called

Scotland; and the said Herrings so imported from the IJk of Many in pursuance of this Act, shall, in all

Respects, be subject and liable to the same Rules and Regulations* as such Herrings brought from Scot-

land are liable to by Law, except in such Cafes#where any Alteration is made by this Act,

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Matter

or other Person, having the Charge of the Ship so importing such Herrings, shall bring with him a Cer-

tificate or Certificates from the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Commander in Chief, or Chief Ma-

gistrates for the Time being, that Oath has been made before him or them, in the Presence of the Of-

ficer of the Customs for the Port or Place where such Herrings shall be put on Board, that the fame

were bona fide taken on the Coasts of the Isle of Alan and cured there;. which Certificate or Certificates

shall also be attested by the said Officer of the Customs, and shall express the Number of Barrels, and

Quantity, cf such Herrings respectively, and the Marks of the Package expressed in the Bill or Bills of

LaJing, with the Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons as shall have

made the Oath herein-before directed, and where and to whom such Herrings shall be consigned in

Great Britain; and tive Master or Person taking Charge of the Ship or Vessel importing the fame shall

also make Oath before the Collector or Principal Officer of the Salt Duties, at the Port or Place of Im-

portation in Great Britain, that the said Herrings are the fame that were taken on Board, by virtue of

the said Certificate or Certificates, so to to be produced; 00 Failure whereof, or of any of the Requi-

sites herein-before mentioned, the Herrings shall be liable to the fame Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures,

as such Herrings would have been liable to by Law, if this Act had not been made.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-

fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and sevenry-two, it shall and may be lawful for any

of H is Majesty Subjels, inhabiting and residing in the Isle of Man, to export from t lence, and import

into any British Colonies or Plantations in America, in British Ships or Vessels, manned and navigated

according to an Act of Parliament made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second,

(intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and' Navigation). Herrings caught and

cured by them in the same Manner as Victuals of and from Ireland may be imporred into the said Co-

ionics or Plantations, determined by an Act made in the pifteenth Year of the Reign of the said King Charles the

Second, (intituled, An /lei for the Encouragement of Trade); any Law, Custom, or Usage to the Contra-

ry notwithstanding.

1 V. And

c.

