692

C. 30. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

ward Hubbard, William rfyre, "John Middleton, John Headly, William Holmes, William Robin/on% Wil-

liam Clarkey William Standclifte, Richard Barett, and John Hubbard^ Owners or Commanders of

VeiTcls trading to and from the said Port, shall be, and they arc hereby nominated, constituted,

and appointed Commissioners for carrying this present Act into Execution, and /or the Purposes

Fir! Meeting, herein-before and herein-afcer mentioned and cxprdled ; and they or any Seven or more of them,

(whereof the Mayor or Deputy Mayor of the said Borough of King*s Lynn for the Time being to

be One), shall and may, and they are hereby authorif d and requiied, as soon as conveniently may

be after the passing of this Act, to meet in the Guildhall within the said Borough, upon publick

•Notice to be given by Seven or more of the said Commissioners, (whereof the /aid Mayor or

Deputy Mayor for the Time being shall be One), of the Day and Hour of such Meeting, by

Writing affixed on the Custom-house, Guildhall, and Maiket-cross, within the said Borough of

King's Lynn y Seven Days exclusive before such Meeting; and then,'and from Time to Time,

when and as often as any Meeting shall be held in pursuance of this Act, to adjourn them-

selves, if they (hill fee Oocafton to any Time and Place within the said Borough ; or otherwise, in

case no Adjournment shall be then, or from Time to Tim! made or subsisting, or there shall bt Oc-

casion to meet previous to the Day of such Adjournment, to meet from Time to Time, at such

Day, Hour, and Place, within the said Brough, as shall be appointed by like publick Notice to

be given as aforesaid, by Seven or more of the said Com nissioners, (whereof the said Mayor or De-

puty-mayor for the Time being shall be One): And a General Meeting of the said Commissioners (hill

be held on theTnird Frilay in the Month of Jannary in every Year, at the Guildhall in the said

Borough, for the puffing and settling all Accounts of their Treasurer, Collector, or other Officers;

and if at any Meeting the Commissioners p efent shall be equally divided up many Question which

may come before them, then the Mayor of the said Borough for the Time being, if present, or in

tobe hi*. Absence the Deputy Mayor, shall have the calling Vote: Anl all Orders, D terminations, and

Proceedings of the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, shall be at Meetings held in

pursuance of this Act, and not otherwise ; and the said Commissioners, at all such their Meetings, shall

defray their own Expences.

Commi(Ti»neri

nruy adjourn,

and call new

Meetings.

Annual Meet

legs.

to

ings.

Commissioners

to defray th*ir

0»wq Expences.

Provision for

Meetings with-

out the Mayor.

IX. Provided always. That in case the Mayor of the said Borough, or his Deputy for the

being, lbajl at any Time or Times refuse to join in giving Notice of a Meeting as herein-1

New Coraniif-

. sioners to be

chosen in the

Room of thjfe

dying, *c.

Time

before

mentioned, being thereunto required by any Twenty-live of the said Commissioners, by Writing

under their Hands, it shall and miy be lawful for any Seven or m >re of the said Commissioners to

.give Notice of such Meeting, and to meet without the said Mayor or his Deputy for the Time being*

and in case at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Afl, the Mayor of the said Borough or

his Deputy, shall decline or refuse to attend ; then, and in every such Cafe, the Commissioner who

at such Meeting, shall, by the Majority of the Commissioners then prefant, be elected Chairman at

such Meeting, shall in all Tnings have such Power and Authority at the fame Meeting as the

Mayor of the said Borough, or his D.puty, would have had if present ; and all Orders and

Proceedings, at such Meetings, shall be as valid and effectual as if the said Mayor, or Deputy bad

been present*

X. And for the constant supplying the Number of Commissioners, be it further enacted by the

Authority aforesaid, That as often as any of the said Commissioners for the Time being, not being

the Mayor or Recorder, or an Alderman or Common Councilman of the said Borough, shall die or

, refuse to act, (such Refusal to be certified in Writing), being chosen a Member of the said Corporation,

accept of any Office of Profit under this Act, or reftde out of the said Borough for the Space of Six

Calendar Months ; thm, and in any of the said Cafes, and not otherwise, it shall 2nd may be lawful to

and for the survivingor remaining Commissioners for theTirr.e being,by this Act appointed or to be ap-

pointed in pursuance thereof, or any Seven or more of them (whereof the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor

, for the Time being shall be One), from l ime to Time, at any of their Meetings, to elect

(by Appointment or Order entered into in the Minute Book wherein they enter their Orders and

Proceedings) such other Person, being a Merchant, Owner, or Commander, of a Ship or Vessel

trading to and fiom the /aid Port, and an Inhabitant of the said Borough, to be a Commissioner

in the Place of each Commissioner so dying or refusing to act, being chosen a Member of the said

Corporation, accepting of any Office of Profit under this Act, or rdiding out of the said Borough as

aforelaiJ, as they (lull think fit ; and each and every such Commissioner, so fiom Time to Time

elected and appointed shall, from and after such Elect ion and Appointment have the fame Powers and

Authorities in all Things as if he had been particularly n imed and appointed by this present Act.

XI. And be it further enifted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and

for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, (whereof the f*id Mayor or Deputy Mayor

luUkt!onoifCthc ^or being shall be One), at any Time or Times hereafter, to make, ordain, and establish

Maftettof shtp* Orders, Rules, and Bye laws, for the better Regulation and Government of the Mailers and

and Lighter*, Commanders of Ships and VefTls, and of Gangs of Lighters and Barges trading to 3nd from the said

•ndof ihr Pi- Port, and of the Pilots and Bridgerr.cn to be licensed by the said Mayor and Burge lies as aforesaid, and

lots and Bridge- a|f0 frQm I jme to Time, as Ocrssion may be, to repeal, add to, amend, or alter such Orders, Rules,

fix Penal- anc^ Bye- iws, as to them the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, (whereof the said

t.cs not exceed- Mayor or Deputy Mayor for the Time being shall be One), shall seem meet and convenient, and to

ing 51. fix and appoint reasonable pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding Five Pounds, for the Nonobfcrvance,

Nonperformance,

. Commissioner!

to rulie Bye

