C. 78. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III, A.D. 1773;

N*. XXVII.

Order for Statute-duty to be performed in Kind.

Middlesex. At a Special Se/ptns, held at in tbt (Hundred)

in the said County,the 'Day of 17 byjuflictt

of the Peace for the said County, within the said (Hundred).

IT appearing to us, from the Information which we have received, that there will -be Difficulty in

procuring the necessary ( Carriage),or, (a Sufficient Number of Labourers) (as the Cafe shall be) for

the Repair of the Highways within the (Parish, etc.) of within the said (Hwsdred)

without paying high and extravagant Prices for the fame, we do hereby order and direct (the Team-

duty within the said (Parish, etc.) except such Teams where the Owners thereof do not occupy Lands,

Tenements, Woods, Tithes, or Hereditaments, within the said (, etc.) of the annual Value of

Thirty Pounds), or, (One Half of the Team-duty, etc.) or, the Labourers liable to perform Statute-

duty within the said Parish, etc.) (as theOafg shall be) to perform their Statute-duty in Kind within

the said (Parish, etc.) according to the Authority and Directions of the Ad, passed in the Thirteenth

Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, “ For the Amendment and Prelervatioa of

the Highways.”

No. XXVIII.

Notice to the Surveyor of the Times fixed by the Inhabitants for being excuied from doing

their Statute-duty,

in*.'

To the Surveyor of the Highways fir* the (Parish, etc.) of in the County of

I A. B. (Constable) Headborough) TithingmanJ of the said (Parish, &c.) do hereby give you Notice,

That the Inhabitants of the said (Parish^ etc.) did, at a Vestry or publick Meeting, held on the

Day of One thousand seven hundred

agree to take the Benefit of the Indulgence of Three Months, for not performing their Statute-duty

given by the Legislature, in the Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King

George the Third, “ For the Amendment and Preservation of the Highways,” at the Times following,

videlicet, That they shall not be called upon to perform such Duty between'the Day

of and the Day of (which they consider

as the Seed Month), nor between the Day of and the

Day of (which they consider as the Hay Hatveft Month), nor between the

Day of and the Day of (which they consider as the

Corn Harvest Month): [The like Notice to be given to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Turnpike Roads,

» where there are any such within the (Parish, See.) J

N°. XXIX.

Order of the Justices at their Special Sessions, for the Repair of certain Highways which

most want Repair.

Middlesex. At a Special Sejfums, held at in the (Hundred) of in the

said County % the Day of 17 by Justices of the

Peacefor the said County acting within the said (Hundred.)

To the Surveyors of the Highways for the (Parish, etc.) of in the said (Hundred.)

TT appearing to us. That the Highway, lying between and within

1 your Liberty, is very founderous, and in bad Repair, and being of great publick Use, we do

hereby order that you repair, or cause the fame to be repaired, before the Day of

next.

Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of 17

o

A Precept

