A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III.

C. 27. 1ST

Penalty inflicted by this A<£t ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwith-

itinding.

Vi. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall, at Laying Dirt,

any Time or Times after the said twelfth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, laytheRiver,the

or place any Dirt or Rubbish in the said River Tweed below High-water Mark, every such Person shall ForfcUure *01*

fortcit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings for every such Offence.

4 Yll. And whereas of late Persons have made a Practice of fishing in the Mouth or Entrance of the Perfomkilling

4 River Tzveedy by which Practice the Fish are disturbed and hindered from entering the said River,’ Be it s*lnlon» &c*

therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twelfth Day of Mayt

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall, at any Time or forfeit lot’.iot

T imes, fish for, take, or kill any Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, or Whitling, within the Mouth or En-each Full j

trance of the said River Tweedy every such Person or Persons shall forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings for

every Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, or Whitling so taken or killed, together with the Boats, Tackle,

Nets, Engines, and all other Devices madeUfe of in taking or killing the fame, and also the Fish so killed and buying or

or taken-, and all such Boats, Tackle, Nets, Engines, and other Devices so forfeited, shall be cut to felling' or ha*-

Pieces, burnt, or otherwise destroyed 5 or if any rerfon or Persons shall buy or fell, or offer to Sale, or»"g such Fish >a

hive in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, or Whitling, lenow-5hc,rf0^100*

ing the lame to have been killed or taken within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River, every Person ftJ^7togbe so

offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid shall forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings for every such Salmon, Gilfe, killed, to forfeit

Salmon Trout, or Whitling so bought, (old, or which shall be in his, her, or their Custody or Possession. 10 *.

VIII. Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall anyways prejudice or aftedt the Right of Persons having a

the Owners or Proprietors of Fisheries, or the Right of any other Person or Persons who now are, or at Right may fish

any Time hereafter shall or may be seized, possessed of, or intitled to, any Manors, Seigniories, or Roy- the

altics within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweedy as the fame is herein before described ; buttheRewUtiora-

that all and every such Owners and Proprietors, and other Person or Persons, as last are mentioned, shall herein before-*

have and enjoy all such Right of Fishery within the said Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed as mentioned,

they have hitherto lawfully exercised or enjoyed, or could or might have lawfully exercised or enjoyed in

case this Act had not been made (so as such Right be used and exercised at such Times and Seasons only,

under such Regulations, and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures, as arc hereinbefore directed concern-

ing the Fisheries within the said River Tweedy and wiihin the Mouth or Entrance thereof); any Thing in

thing Act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Penalties or Forfeitures for Offences P^nalon, &c.

against this A& may be levied and recovered by Distrcfs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, bcw to be rcoo*-

upon Proof of the Offence or Offences before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace within that *ered and

Part of Great Britain called England, the Town of Berwick upon Tweedy or the Bounds and Liberties pK

thereof, or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Sheriff-dcpute, within that Part of Great Britain

called Scotlandy for the County, Shire, Liberty, or Place where the Offender or Offenders shall be or

re fide, either by the Confcilion of the Party or Parties, or upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more Wit-

nefs or Witntlles, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice-

or Indices in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Town of Berwick upon Tweedy or the Bounds

and Liberties thereof, or by Warrant or Warrants in due Form of Law of such Justice or Justices, or

Sheriff-dcpute, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotlandy (all which Warrants such Just ice or Justices*

or Sherifts-dcputc, is and are hereby authorised and required to grant, and to administer such Oath or

Oaths); and the Penalties and Forfeitures which shall be so levied and paid, shall, from time to time, be

applied, one Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish or Place

w here the Offender or Offenders shall be or reside ; and the Overplus remaining (if any), after such Penal-

ties and Forfeitures, and all Charges attending the levying and recovering thereof, are deduced, shall on*

Demand be returned to the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels so distrained ; and in case suffi-

cient Distrcfs shall not be found, or such Penalties and f orfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, that then it

shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices, or Sheriff-depute, and he and they is and are hereby

respectively authorised and impowered to commit every such Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol

or House of Correction, for any T ime not exceeding three Months, nor less than one Month, as the said

Justice or Justices, or Sheriff-depute, upon Consideration of the Circumstances, shall think fit.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Conviction or Convictions of all and CVnviflions

every Offender or Offenders against this Act, within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Town ,r‘tn*

of Berwick upon Tweedy or the BounJs and Liberties thereof, shall be certified by the Justice or Justices of

the Peace, by or before whom the fame shall be made, to the next general Quarter Sessions of the Peace-

to be hclJ for the County or Place where the Offender shall be convicted, and shall be filed amongst the

Records of the said Sessions; and such Conviction shall be in the following Form of Words, or to the like

Effect; (that is to say)

To»!t *c< TIE it remembered. That on the Day of in the Year Form cf Cm-

S“ O A. B. was, upon the Complaint of C. D. convicted before me [or us, as the Cafe JhaUx'^'rnHr Ct

44 hufpen] in pursuance of an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his Majesty Kang ,cnces-

44 Geotre the Thirdyfor regulating and improving the Fijheues in the River Tw'cd, and the Rivers and

44 Streams running into the famey and alto within the Mouth or Entrance of ti>e said Ri ver. Given

44 under my [or our] Hand and Seal [or Hands and Seals, as the Ca/e jhull happen] the Day and

44 Year above written.’*

Which.

