Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

C* 48. 769

A.D. 1773.

Pavement over the Water Trenches belonging to any of the said Water Companies; but that no such

Contract shall be made unless, previous to the' making thereof, Fourteen Days Notice at the least shall

be given in fomc of the publick Newspapers, expressing the Intention of such Contract, in order'

that any Person or Persons willing to undertake the fame, not being Commissioners, may make Pro- -

pofals forr that Purpose, at the Time and Place in such Notice mentioned.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this A# contained shall extend to prevent Water Coig-*

any of the said Water Companies, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, from taking up pa™thrPave-~?

and repairings by their own Workmen or Paviors, any Part of the Pavement within the Limits afore- ^Jnt

said, not exceeding the Distance of Four Feet from the Water-plugs, Drawing-plug?; and Fire-plugs, 0wn Workmen*

belonging to the respective Water Companies : Provided nevertheless, That in case such Pavement so within Four

taken up by the said Water Companies, their Workmen or Paviors, shall not be properly relaid to rhe of their

Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, ortheir Surveyor or Surveyors for , 8*

the Time being ; then, upon Notice given to the said Water Companies, or their Pavior, the said Pavement

shall, within Four Days after such Notice, be again taken up ^nd relaid, at the Expence of the Water

Company that shall have so taken up the said Pavement; and in case the said Pavement so taken up

shall not be relaid for the Third Time in a proper Manner, and to* the Satisfaction of the said Com-

tnissioners, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being, then

the Water Company, so neglecting to relay the said Pavement in a proper Manner, shall forfeit and

pay to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them* the Sum of Twenty Shillings; and the

said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall cause such Pavement to be taken up and re-

laid by their own Workmen and Paviors, and the Expence thereof shall be borne and defrayed by the

Water Company so neglecting to relay the fame in a proper Manner; any Thing herein contained to

the Contrary notwithstanding.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commiffidners

Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, to compound and agree with any may compound

of the said Proprietors or Water Companies respe#ively, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Foot or tcr

other Measure, as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think reasonable, for ompam

the Purpose of laying down or repairing such Parts of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Mewfes,

Alleys, Courts, raflages, or Places, as (nail be necessary to be taken up by the Workmen of the said

Proprietors or Water Companies, for the Purposes of laying down, replacing, altering, or amending*

any of the Mains or Pipes*

XII. And, for the more easy obtaining of Water in Cafes of Fire, it is hereby further enacted, How Water

That the several Water Companies who shall supply any of the Inhabitants within the Limits afore- more

said with Water, shall, from Time to Time, within the Space of Fourteen Days after the passing of ijf.obrai" ^ in

this A#, or within Seven Days after the Appointment of any Turncock or Turncocks, give Notice, uneao *rc*

in Writing, to the said Commissioners, of the Names and Places of Abode of their refnective Turn-

cocks, distinguishing the Districts to which they reflectively belong; and if any of the said Com-

panies shall neglect to give such Notice within the Times aforesaid, they shall, for every such Neglect,

forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings; and the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby re-

quired, yearly, to cause to be printed, and distributed to and amongst the several Householders within

the Limits aforesaid, a List of the Names and Places of Abode of the several Turncocks of the

District or Districts within the said Limits.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in order to avoid the Loss that frequently happens from the Power to cotk&

Tenants or Occupiers of Houses or Tenements, who frequently quit and remove from such Houses or Rates within

Tenements before the Quarter Day on which the Rates and Assessments, charged by virtue of the the Quarter. -

said Acts, on the said Houses or Tenements become due and payable ; it shall and may be lawful to

and for the said Vestrymen and Commissioners of the said Parish respectively to demand and receive, or

cause to be demanded and received. Sixty Days before every such Quarter Day, or at any other subsequent

Time, the respective Rates and Aflbflments that would be due and payable on such Quarter Day ;

and in case of Nonpayment thereof, to enforce the Payment of such Rates and Assessments, in the

same Manner, and with the fame Powers, as they could or mi^ht by virtue of either of the said for- <

mer Acts, or this Act, in case of Nonpayment of the said Rates and Assessments upon the Quarter ;

Day on which the fame became due and payable,

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where any Number Penalty of 1s.

painted or put on any House or Tenement, within the Limits aforesaid, under the Direction of the on Persons rub-

before-recited Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be defaced or ting out Num-

rubbed out, the Owner or Occupier of any such House or Tenement, where the Number or Numbers b'rs onHouk£*

shall have been defaced or rubbed out, shall, upon Personal Notice given to him, her, or them, or upon &c*

Notice in Writing, left at his, her, or their last or most usual Place of Abode, by the Clerk to the said

Commissiopers, or by such other Person or Persons as any Five or more of the said Commissioners shall

direct or appoint, cause the fame Number to be in the fame or like Manner painted, or put on such

House or Tenement, within Five Days after such Notice ; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to comply

with such Order, every such Owner or Occupier shall forfeit . and pay for every such Ofl'eqce -

the Sum of Five Shillings.

XV. And be it further enacted, That so mueh of the said Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of Crcdrtor? tqu-l

His present Majesty as directs, that no Preference shall be given to any Person or Persons in the Pay- in by 10

ment of the Principal Sum or Sums by him, her, or them advanced, or to be advanced, upon the c«>. in u-peat.

Credit of the said A#, shall be repealed. cd*

XVI. And -

