506 C. 41. Anno duodecimo Georgii III, A.D. 1772.

Trustees may

tredl Gates, fee.

wd take Tolls.

Mayor, &c. may

lower the Toils.

t

Tolls to be free

from Taxes, &c.

Mayor, &c. may

lcale the Tolls.

Exemption

irvm Tolls*

Penalty on il-

legal Claims,

Penalty on eva-

ding the Toils.

Mayor, frc.may

contract for buil-

ding the Bridge.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after die said Twenty-fourth Pay of Juns* One

thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Bridge-

masters, and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, to ere#, or cause to be ere#ed, a Gate or Gates,

and also a Toll-house or Toll-houses, at or near or upon the present Timber Bridge, called Maidenhead

Bridge, and there to ask, demand, receive, recover, and take, before any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Car-

riage, shall be permitted to pass through any such Gate or Gates, the several Tolls or Sums of Money

herein-before mentioned to be taken (or the Pafl'age over the new-intended Bridge, by such Ways and

Means, and with such Powers and Authorities, for collestine, levying, and recovering thereof, as are

given by this A#, for colle#ing and levying the fame, from Persons passing and repassing over the said

liew-intended Bridge.

VIII. ' And be it further enafied, That if the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, or the ma-

jor Part of them, shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, think proper to lower the said Tolls, or any

of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, and to take less for passing over the said intended Bridge than

the Sums herein-before mentioned and authorised . to betaken, it shall and may be lawful for them,

from Time to Time, so to do, and afterwards at any Time or Times, at their Wills and Pleasure,

to raise the said Tolls, so as not to exceed the said respective Sums herein-before mentioned and au-

thorised to be taken, for passing over the said new-intended Bridge.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Tolls hereby imposed shall

be freed, exempted, acquitted, exonerated, and discharged,of and from the Payment of all parliamentary,

parochial, and other Taxes, Rents, Assessments, and Impositions, and of all Tithes, Oblations,

Obvehtions, and Duties whatsoever.

X. And be it further'enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Mayor, Bridge-masters,

and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, from Time to Time, by any Writing under their Common

Seal, to lease the Tolls herein-before granted, or any Part or Parts thereof, and to any Person or Per-

fons, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Three Years at any One Time, for the best

Rent that can be got for the fame, payable at such Times, and under such Covenants, and to such Per-

son or Persons, as they the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, shall

dire# or appoint; and the Money arising thereby shall be applied in such Manner as the Tolls

herein-before granted are directed to be applied

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken by virtue of this A#, for

the passing of any Cattle drawing any Carriage laden with Materials for repairing any Highway or Road,

or to he used in or about building the new-intended Bridee; or laden with any Dung, Mould, or Com-

post, of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, for manuring of Gardens or Lands; or laden with Hay, or with

Coin in the Straw, to belaid up in any Houses within the Distance of Two Miles from the said Bridge j

or for Cattle draw ing any Coaches or Carriages with Passengers, or from Passengers on Horseback,

going to or returning from unv Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to lerve in Parliament

for the Counties of Berks and Bucks; or for any Haft Horse or Cart, carrying the Mail or Packet; or

for the Horses of any Soldiers upon their March, or for Carts, Carriages, or Waggons, attending

them; or for Cattle or Carriages travelling with Vagrants, sent by Pafles.

XII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared. That if any Person shall claim and take Be-

netit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being intitled to the lame, every such Person shall, for

every Oflence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings; whereof One Moiety shall be paid to the

Informer, and the other Moiety shall be paid to the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, to be

applied towards the building, repairing, and maintaining the said Bridge.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at

any Time or Times unload, or cause to be unloaded, from any Carriage, any Grain, Goods, Wares,

Merchandise*, or any other Thing whatsoever, or take off any Horse or other Beast of Draught, from

any Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Wheel-carriage, with an Intent to avoid paying any or the Tolls

hereby granted and imposed, every Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay

the Sum of Forty Shillings.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Mayor, Bridge-masters,

and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, shall have full Power and Authority, and they are1 hereby

authorised and directed to contract and agree with any Person or Persons whomsoever, to ere# and build

the said Bridge, and to repair, maintain,support, and improve the fame when built, in such Manner as the

said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, shall judge proper; and also

that they, or the major Part of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered,

to treat, contract, and agree, for the Purehafe of any Messuages, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or

Hereditaments, which they shall think fit and necessary to be removed, or employed or made use of for

the erecting and building 'he laid new-intended Bridge, or for the repairing, amending, and improving

the fame, from Time to Time; and also for making and opening proper Ways, Roads, and Passages,

on each Side of any Part of the said new-intended Bridge, or fiear or adjoining to either End thereof,

leading to and from the same, with the Owners and Occupiers of such Messuages, Lands, Grounds,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, and with other Persons interested in the fame; and also to settle, fix,

adjust, and agree, with such Owners and Occupiers, and Persons interested therein, or any of them,

what Recompence, Compensation, or Satisfaction, ought reasonably to be made to such Owners or

Occupiers, for any Lodes, Damages, or Expences, which they respe#ively shall or may sustain. or

be put unto, for or by reason or on account of the Building of the said Bridge, or the making and laying

out the said Ways, Roads, and Passages, or the Execution of any of the Powers given by this A# ;

1 and

