A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 23. 401

Time to T ime, upon the Petition of any such Prisoner, or the Creditor or Creditors of such Prisoner or

Prisoners, complaining of any Inefficiency, Frand, Mismanagement, or other Mist>eh*v iour of any

Assignee or Assignees of the Estate or Effects of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, to ftimmon all Parties the Court.

concerned, and, upon hearing the Parties concerned therein, to make and give such Orders and Direc-|

tions therein, cither for the Removal or Difplacine such Assignee or Assignees, and the Approving any new arM§

Assignee or Assignees, in the Place or Stead of Rich Assignee or Assignees so to be removed or displaced, m«kc such Or*

or for the prudent, just, or equitable Management or Distribution of the Estate and EtFeft* of any such den therein a*

Prisoner for the Benefit of the respective Creditors, as the said Courts or Judges respectively shall think *hcy thin^

fit; and ill case of the Removal or Displacing of any Assignee or Assignees, and the Appointing of any "l*

new Assignee or Assignees, the Estate or EfTefts of such Prisoner or Prisoners shall, from thenceforth,4

be divested out of the Assignee or Assignees so removed or displaced, and be vested in, and delivered*

over to, such new Assignee or Assignees, in the same Manner, and for the fame Intents and Purposes,'

as the fame were before vested in the Assignee or Assignees first chose as aforesaid; any Thing in this

Act contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

LII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where mutual Where

Credit hath been given between any Prisoner or Prisoners who shall be discharged in pursuance of this Crt<lit has b“a

Act, and any other Person or Persons, or Body Politick or Corporate, before the Delivery of such'

Schedule or Inventory of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners, upon Oath, as aforesaid, tad tnowedf

the respective Assignee and Assignees of such Prisoner or Prisoners is and are hereby authorised and re-'

duired, cn his and their Parts, to date and allow an Account between them and the other Party or

Parties concerned; and nothing more shall be deemed to he vested in such Clerk of the Peace, Town

Clerk, or other Officer, acting as Clerk of the Peace, or such Assignee or Assignees under such Clerk

-of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer, acting as Clerk of the Peace, as the Estate or Effects of

such Prisoner or Prisoners, than what shall appear to be justly due to him, her, or them respectively, as

2nd for the Balance of such Account when truly Anted.

4 LI IF. And whereas many Persons are often committed on Attachments, for not paving Money Prisoner*,

€ awarded to be paid under Suhmissions to Arbitration by Rules of Court, or under Suhmissions to Ar-

filtration Bonds, and which Suhmissions have been made Rules of the Court, in pursuance of an Act der SubmissionT"

paflirJ in the Ninth arul Tenth Years of the Reign of William the Third, for determining Differences to Arbitration 5

4 by Arbitration j and likewise for not paying of Coffs duly and regularly taxed and allowed by the for not paying

4 proper Officer, after proper Demands made for that Purpose; and also upon any Writ of Excommu- Co*V>. tBfd

4 niiatn Capiendo* or other Process for, or grounded on, the Non-payment of Costs or Expences in any communicato

4 Cause or Proceeding in any Ecclesi.istical Court it is hereby declared and enacted, That all such capiendo, &cj

Persons are and shall be intitled to the Benefit of this Act, on and subject to the fame Terms and Con- are intitled to

ditions as are herein expressed and declared with respect to Prisoners for Debt only, the Benefit#?

r 1 this Art.

4 LIV. And whereas great Numbers of poor People have been, and are now, imprisoned for Debt Those who are

4 upon Processes issuing out of Courts of Confcienceit is hereby enacted and declared. That all UP°£

such Prisoners shall be intitled to have the Benefit of this Act, and be discharged under the fame, courMofcSn-

provideJ he, she, or they, conform to the Directions herein before prescribed, touching other Pri- fc^nce^to h"v«

(oners who shall be discharged by virtue of this Act. the Benefit of

this AQ.

LV. And be it further cnnfted by tire Authority aforesaid, That in all Caffs wherein by this Act Quaker’s Af-

an Oath is required, the folcmtr Affirmation of any Person being a Q'aker shall and may he accepted firmation ro be

and taken in lieu thereof; and every Person making such Affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful «hen in lieo of

and false Affirming, shall incur and fairer such ana the fame Penalties as are inflicted and imposed by an

this Act upon Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Pfcijury. 3

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who Person*who

took the Benefit of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King Georgt took the benefit

the Third, intituled, shi Act for the Relief of Irfolvent Debtors, shall have or receive any Benefit or Ad- c«o IH^ckIu.

vantage of or under this Act, nor be deemed so be within the Intent and Meaning thereof, so as to

be rliicharged under the fame; any Thing herein before contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

LVII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend wi°

to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. jan<jt

4 LVIII. And whereas the Prisoners confined in the Prison of the King’s Bench have lately unwar- *lhc Marftul or

4 rant2b)y, and without Colour of Law, conceived that fmprisonment for Debt at the Suit of a Sub- Keeper inv!cn>

4 jest was contrary to Law, and have therefore formed many dangerous Schemes to set themselves atnfied

4 Liberty, and on the Nineteenth Day of Kovemher* One thousand (even*hundred and seventy, the

4 Prisoners confineJ in the said P/ifon, to the Number of Sixty and upwards, did combine, con-

4 spire, confederate, and agree together, by Force and Violence, to break the said Prison and escape

4 thereout, and to enable them so to do, did clandestinely procure divers Weapons to be conveyed into

the said Priff n, and did on the said Day suddenly and with Violence knock down the Turnkeys,

and overpower them, and fcisc the Keys, and set open the Doors of the said Prisons, and divers

4 Prisoners escaped charged with Debts to a large Amount; and although the Mar(halor Keeper of the

4 said Prison used all possible Diligence to retake them, yet 7ohn M^Cuilock^ One of the said Prisoners

4 escaped, and cannot be retaken, and on the Thirteenth Day of May, One thousand seven hundred

and seventy-one, a great many other Prifgners, to the Number of One hundred did wickedly, and

Vol. XI. 3 F 4 unknown

