The TITLES of

jiors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of

Droon and lVilts% in Trust.es, for the Purposes in the

Ad mentioned.

31. An Act for rendering effectual an Exchange of certain

Lands, Parcel of the Glebe of the Redory of Avington,

in the County of Southampton, for certain other Lands in

the find Parish of Avington, belonging to the most ho-

nouiablethe Marquis ol Carnarvon.

33. An Act to enable Francis Charteris Esquire, heretofore

called Francis Weinyfs, and the Heirs of hi's B >dy, and

several other Persons therein named, and the Heirs of

their respective Bodies, to retain, assume, and sign, the

Name of Charteris9 and to bear the Arms of Char ter isy

and to hold and enjoy the Estate therein mentioned, not-

withstanding the lJefcent to him or them respectively of

the Honour and Title of Wemyfs, or any other Honour

or Title whatsoever.

34. An Act for establishing and confirming an Exchange

of a certain Piece of inclosed Land, in the Parish of East

Barnet, in the County of Hertford\ and Diocese of Lon-

don, for other inclosed Land, Parcel of the Glebe of the

fa id Parish, pursuant to an Agreement between Benjamin

Underwood Clerk, Master of Arts, Redorof the said Pa-

rish of East Barnet, and John Pybus Esquire.

35. An Act for exemplifying or inrolling the Will of Charles

Afacatthy More, aeceased, and making the same Evi-

dence, as well in Ireland as Great Britain.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

Common Meadows, Common Wood Grounds, and

Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Alveston, in the

County of Warwick.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common

Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Waste

Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Aston Subedge,

in the County of Gloucester.

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common

Pasture, called AlytonCarr, in the Lordship of Myton, in

the Parish of The Holy Trinity, in the Town and County

of the Town of Kihgston upon Hull.

39. An Act for dividing and allotting the Common Fields,

Downs, and all other the Commonable Lands and Waste

Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of East Garston, in

the County of Berks.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and

Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Monyash, in the

Parish of Bakewell, in the County elf Derby.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Carrs, and other

Open and Common Grounds, within the Township of

Liffet, in the Parish of Beeforth, otherwise Beford, in the

Last Riding of the County of York.

42. An Act for dividing and inclosing Priejlwood Common,

in the Parishes of Mackworth, Kedleften, and Meynell

Langley, or some of them, in the County of Derby.

43. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Cow Pastures, Ings, Common Meadows,

and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of West

Afoby, within the Manors of Horncastle and Weft Ashby,

in the County of Lincoln.

44. An Act for diviJing, inclosing, and allotting, the

several Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the

Township of Kilham on the IToulds, in the County of

York.

45. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Parcel of

Common and Waste Ground, called The Outwoods,

within the Township or Hamlet of Horninglaw, in the

Parish of Burton, in the County of Stafford.

46. An Act for dividing, and inclosing several Open Fields,

Vol. XL

the STATUTES.

Common or Waste Lands, Stinted Pastures, and Com-

monable Grounds, within the Hamlets of StapenhiU and

Winjhill, in the County of Derby.

47. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

Fields, Common Meadows, Stinted Pastures, Com-

mons, and Waste Lands, in the several Hamlets of Stret-

ton, Horningloxv, Bond-end, and Branfton, within the

Parish of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Pastures,

within the Township of Hctton, in the Parish of Burnfal,

and Weft Riding of the County of York.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com-

mon Fields and Commonable Grounds, within the Ma-

nor and Parish of South Re/lony in the County of Lin-

coln.

50. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heath, and Waste

Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Boothby

Graffoe, in the County of Lincoln.

51. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Unin-

closed Fields, Lands, Commons, and Wastes, within

the Manor of Scalby, in the North Riding of the County

of York , and also a certain Common, called Throxenby

Moory otherwise Newby Moor, within the same Riding.

52. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Fields, Lands,

and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Meltony in

the Parish of Welton9 in the East Riding of the County of

York.

53. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

and the Common or Heath, called Kilfail Heathy ancL

other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Donington, in*

the County of Salop.

54. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common,

called Holland Ward, otherwise Hollin Wardy in the

County of Derby.

55. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor

of Broadway, in the County of Worcester.

56. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons,

Commonable Grounds, and Wastes, calied RedditcE

Common and Welheath, situate in that Part of the Manor

of Tardebigg, which lies in the County of Worcester, and

for other Purposes therein mentioned.

57. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Commons, and Common Pastures, within;

the Liberties of Staplcford and Bramcote, in the County

of Nottingham.

58. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable

Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Butler's Marston, in*

the County of Warwick.

59. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,.

Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of

Appleby, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby.

60. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable

Lands and Grounds, called Beanhall Fields, in the Ma-

nor and Parish of Feckenham, in the County of Worcester*

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and*

Waste Grounds, within the Village, Hamlet, Town-

Slip, and Manor of Oxenbope, in the Parish of Bradford\

and County of York.

62 An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds,

within the Townships of North Mufkham, Holme% and*

Bath ley, in the Parish of North Alujkbam%.\xi the County*

of Nottingham.

b* / 63. Axv

