184.

C. 30.

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1771.

Rates under for-

mer Acts not to

be annulled.

Not to make

void Froceedingi

under the said

Ad.

Act 19, a*, Se

23 Car. II.

2 Gul. & Mary,

Vo Geo. II.

17 Geo. II,

33 Geo. II,

6 Geo. Ill,

Public Act,

within the same, and for other Purposes thereinTnentioned, and for repealing an Act made in the sixth

Year of his present Majesty, for those Purposes, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

CXIX. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared. That nothing in this Act contained

shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, annul, or make void, any of the Rates or Assessments

made or charged by virtue or in pursuance of any such former Act or Acts of Parliament, which were due

and payable, or in Arrear, on the twenty-fifth Day of March, in the year one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-one, or any of the Remedies, Powers, or Provisions given or provided by such former Act or Acts

respectively, for the collecting, levying, or recovering the fame; but all such Rates and AflelTments, and

all Arrears thereof respectively, which were due and payable on the said twenty-fifth Daj of Marche one

thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and all the Remedies, Powers, and Provisions in and by such

former Act or Acts respectively granted, enacted, or provided, for the collecting, recovering, and levying

the fame respectively, shall continue and be in Forte; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary

thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CXX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing herein contained shall ex-

tend, or be construed to extend, to make void the Appointment of any Officers already appointed, by

virtue of the said Act hereby repealed, or to make void any other Proceeding, already had or commenced

by virtue of, and under the Authority of the said Act, or to prevent the completing of any such Proceed-

ings ; but that the said Commissioners, conllituted by this Act, shall and may carry into Execution and

complete all such Proceedings commenced under the said Act, although repealed, in the like Manner as if

the fame had been commenced under and by virtue of this Act.

CXXI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That nothing in this Act contained shall

extend, or be construed to extend, to revive the said Acts made in the nineteenth, and twenty-second, and

twenty-third Years of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, or the said Act made in the Second

Year of the Reign of their late Maiefties King William and Queen Mary, or the said Act made in the

tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, or the said Act made in the Seven-

teenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, or an Act made in the thirty-

third Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, or an Act made in the sixth Year of his present Majesty s

Reign, but such Parts of the said several Acts as respectively relate to the public Sewers, Drains, Vaults,

or Pavements of therfaid City and Liberties, shall, and the fame are hereby declared to be repealed; any

Thing in any of the said Acts to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CXXII. And it is hereby further enacted. That this Act {hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a

Public Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatio*

ever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for cleansing and lighting the Streets of the Town of South Leith, the Territory of

Saint Anthony's, and Yard Heads thereunto adjoining, and for supplying the'several Parts

thereof with fresh Water.

preamble.

Commlflioneri

Names.

WHEREAS it would be of great Advantage to the Town of South Leith, Territory of Saint An-

thony, and Yard Heads of Leith, lying within the County of Edinburgh, in North Britain, and

4 contribute to the Health of the Inhabitants, if the fame were sufficiently supplied with Water, and the

4 Streets, Lanes, Ways, Avenues, and Passages, were properly cleansed and lighted ; and all Incroachments,

4 Obstructions, and Annoyances were removed therefrom, and prevented for the futureMay it there-

fore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted., and be it enacted, by the King's most excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Right Honourable John Dalrymfle, or

the Lord Provost of the City of Edinburgh for the time being; Andrew Pringle of Alcmoor, an d James

Veitch of Elliock, Esquires, Senators of the College of Justice ; Major-general James Adolphus Ought™,

Major-general Rcbert Horn Elphingfton, Archibald Cockburn of Cockpen, James Balfour of Pi/rigg, Alexander

Sheriff of Craig leith, Robert Keith, I Villi am Alexander, Alexander Alison, Henry Balfour, JValter Hamilton,

William Haggarth, James Edgar, Andrew Alison, George Full art on, Robert Mylne, and William Mfnt,

Esquires ; the Admiral and Magistrates of Letth for the time being, the Town Clerk for the time being,

the Matters of the four Incorporations of Shipmasters, Maltmen, Trades, and Traffickers of Leith, or

presiding Officer of these Incoporations respectively for the time being; James Ogilvy, William Pillars,

George Ritchie, Richard Scougall, and William Smith, Shipmasters; James Cunde'll, William Comb, Gesrge

Muckle, and William Scott, Brewers; Walter Gibson Surgeon, John Crokat Slater, James Macdmii

Wright, J Vi lit am Bell, Alexander Bryce, John Haddaway, James Hutton, Robert Kerr, James Lindt say,

William Mitchel, David Nelson, Alexander Ogilvy, Thomas Parker, James Pillans, James Rannie, R-skrt

Ramsay, Charles Sheriff, Richard Tod, and Christopher Wood, Merchants, all in Leith; the Baillie of Saint

Anthony for the time being ; and Thomas Hadaway, and James Young, Brewers there, and their Successors,

to be elected in Manner herein after mentioned, or any seven or more of them, shall be, and they are

hereby constituted and appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution ; and to be and continue

as such for three Years, to be computed from the passing of this Act, and to continue afterwards until the

twentieth Day of December next, and immediately following the End and Determination of the said three

Years. 3

II. And

