194*

Comrriflianers

to defray th«ir

own Expejices,

Proceedings to

he entered i»ft

Book,

to be read io

Evidence.

No A£i valid

•onlefs done it a

public Meeting.

Majotity at pub-

lic Meetings to

atf.

"Property of

Pavements

verted in Com*

miAioncis.

P'-nalty on da-

maging Works,

See,

to be levied by

Dirt refs and

Bale.

For want of

D.fliefs, Of.,

fencer to be

committed.

Old Material;,

See, verted in

Commissioners,

tnd may be fclJ,

or maile Use of

in paving

Stuarts, Sec*

Cjmnr.i Toner*

irav hue Ground

frr getting

Ctavci,

Co’nm'iTi oners

may coitraft

With l’erfons fer

pavi.if. Sec,

C. 23* Anno imdecfmo Georgii III. A. 0.1771.

within eight Days from the Tim* the said Commissioners ought to have been fiirtimoned by the Clerk or

Clerks in Manner aforesaid ; and such Commissioners shall at their Meetings pay their own Expences.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 7'hat all the Acts, Orders, and Proceed*

ings of such Commissioners, from time to time, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that

Purpbfe, and signed by the Chairman for the time being, at their next Meeting; and such Orders shall then

be deemed and taken to be original Orders; and such Book or Books &alJ and may be produced and read

in Evidence in all Courrs whatsoever-

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no A & of such Commissioners

shall be valid, unless done or made at some Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, where either five

or more Commissioners fas may be necessary under any Part of this Act) shall be present.

X. Provided also, ana it is hereby enacted and declared. That all the Powers and Authorities by this

Ad granted to or verted in such Commissioners shall and may, from time to time, be exercised by thema*

jor Part of them who shall afttend any public Meeting to be holden as herein before mentioned’, the Num-

ber of such Commissioners present at such public Meetings not being less than five (except where a great

Number is declared necessary by this Act) ; and all the Orders and Proceedings of the major Part of such

Commissioners present at such public Meetings shall have the fame f orce and tiffed as if done or made by

all such Commissioners for the time being.

XL And be it further enacted, That the Property of the said Pavements, Ports, Lamps, Iron, Timber,

Furniture, and all other Materials and Things which shall be made use of for the Purposes of this Art,

shall be, and the fame is hereby verted in the Commissioners for the time being ; and they, or any five of

them, are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in the

Name or Names of any one or more of them, or to prefer and order and direct the preferring of Indirt-

ments against any Person or Persons who shall deal, take, or carry away any or any Part of such Materials

or Things ; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously break up, destroy, or otherwiseda*

mage or spoil any of the said Materials or Things, or any of the Works done in pursuance of this Art, or

any Part or Parts thereof, every Person so offending therein, and being thereof convicted by the Oath of

one or more Witness or Witnesses before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of

Mhldlesex, shall, for the first Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten

Shillings, and for the second, and every other Offence, any Sum not exceeding three Pounds, nor less than

twenty Shillings, to be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such

Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, orHands and Seals, of the Justice or Justices before whom

such Conviction shall be made ; which Forfeiture shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act : And in case

the Person or Persons so offending and convicted shall have no Goods or Chattels whereupon the fame can

be levied; then, and in such Cale respectively, it shall and may be lawful to and for one or more of such

Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, by Warrant under his cr their Hand and Seal, or Hands and

Seals, to commit such Person or Persons respectively to the House of Corredion, there to remain for any

Space not exceeding two Calendar Months, nor less than ten Day?, to be reckoned fiom the Day of Com-

mitment ; and the rerfon or Persons so incurring and being convicted of any of the said pecuniary Penal*

ties, shall not be discharged until he, she, or they shall have paid the Sum forfeited as aforesaid, or until

the Expiration of the said respective Times*

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Property of all Stones, Ports, and

all and every Part and Parts of the old Materials which shall belong to the old Pavement, as well of the

Carriage as of the Foot Ways within the Limits aforesaid, shall be verted in the said Commissioners for

putting this Act in Execution, and their Successors; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said

Commissioners and their Successors, or th< ir Surveyor or Surveyors for the time being, by their Order, or

the Order of any five or more of them, to fell or dispose of the fame, or of all or any Part or Parts thereof,

to such Person or Persons who shall be willing to buy or purchase the fame, and to apply the Purchase-mo-

ney arising by such Sale to the Purpose of this Act.

XIIL Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid,. That it shall and maybe

lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to order all or any of the said old

Materials to be made use of in paving or repairing any Square, Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Alley, Paf-

sage, or Place within the Limits aforesaid ; and the said Commissioners may, from time to time, hire apiece

of Ground to convey, lay, and dispose of all or any of the said old Materials as aforesaid, for and until such

Time as they fhnl! have Occasion, or judge it necessary to use the fame.

XiV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it finll and may be lawful to and for

the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to hire a Piece of Ground for the Purpose of digging

Gravel for the better paving the said Streets, Squares, and Places, for such Time, and for such Sum and

Sums of Money, as to them shall appear reasonable ; which Sum and Sums of Money shall be pa d out of

the Monies arising, or ro arise by virtue of this Act ; and also to buy such Carts, Horses, Teams, or Car-

riages, as may be necessary for the Purpose of carting such Gravel, or for cleansing the Squares, Streets,

Lancs, Gums, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, or for any other Purpose dueded by this Art; and

shall and any hire such Persons, buy such Materials, and make such Regulations for the better cleansing

the fame, as they, or any five or more of them, in their Discretion, shall think proper ; any Law, Statute,

or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any seven

or more of them, may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, at any of their said Meetings, to

contract with any fit Person or Per foils for paving, keeping in Repair, cleansing, and lighting all or 2ny of

the

