A.D. 1771. /nno undecimo Georgii III. C. iz. 41,

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commis- Power to com*

fiorers, or any seven or more of them, from time to time, to compound with the Owner or Owners, Pro- pound,

prictor or Proprietors of any such Houses or Tenements, the annual Rent or Value whereof shall be

under ten Pounds, for the Rate by this Act authorised to be laid upon such Houses or Tenements, so as in

such Composition there be not remitted to any such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors respec-

tively, more than one third of the Rate or Assessment by this A ft laid upon such Houses or Tenements

reflectively.

4 XLVI. And forasmuch as it is reasonable that all public Buildings, and all Dead Walls, and void P'jMc Build-

4 Spaces of Ground, within or adjoining to the said Streets, Squares, Lancs, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and ,n?s» &c*10 bc

4 other public Passages, or any of them, should be rated and assessed in a due Proportion towards the paving rate<*’

the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages ;* Be it therefore fur-

ther enabled, That it shall and may bc lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of

them, and they are hereby required to rate and assess all Churches, Church-yards, Chapels, and other

public Buildings whatsoever, and all Dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground within the said Streets,

Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, or any of them, at such Rate as the

said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall judge reasonable, for every square Yard of such

Churches, Church-yards, Chapels, and public Buildings, and Dead Walls, and void Spaces of Ground,

rot exceeding the Rate of Sixpence for every square Yard of Pavement belonging to every such Church,

Church-yard, Chapel, or public Buildings, Dead Walls, and void Spaces of Ground; and such Rate or

Rates, Assessment or Assess'ments, so to be from time to time made upon any Church, Church-yard, or

Chapel, shall bc paid by the respective Church or Chapel Wardens; and such Rate or Rates, Assessment

or Afficffiments, so to bc from time to time made upon any public Building, or upon any Dead Wall, or

void Space of Ground, {bail be paid by the respective Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietor!

thereof.

4 XLVIL And whereas several Meeting-houses within the said Streets, Squares, Lancs, Courts, Alleys, Weet-

4 Ways, or other public Passages, are uninhabited and unoccupied, except at and during the Times Of,n6*houcl'

4 public Worftiip, whereby it will be difficult to rate and assess the fame, towards the Purposes of this Act,

and to recover the Rate and Assessment thereon when madeFor Remedy whereof, be it further enacted

and declared. That the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, so to be from time to time made upon

any Meeting-houses within the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public raf-

sages, shall and may be demanded of the Minister or Deacons, or other Person usually officiating therein ;

and such Minister or Deacons, or other Person, is and are hereby required to pay the fame upon Demand to be paid by the

to the Collector or Collectors of the said Rates and Assessments for the time being, by whom the fame shall M, Tufttr 01

be demanded; and if such Minister, Deacon, or other Person, of whom such Rate or Rates, Assessmentcon#

or Affiefl'ments, shall be so demanded, shall refuse orneglect to pay the fame upon such Demand, then, and

in every such Cafe, such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall and may be recovered of and from

the Person or Persons so required to pay the fame, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any

of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of R^aucfts for Recovery of small Debts

for the Tcwer HomlcU% to be commenced and prosecuted by and in the Name or Names of two or more of

the said Commissioners, or of the Collector or Collectors, who shall have so demanded the fame; in which

Action or Suit, no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed ;

and in Default of Payment of such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, the fame shall be and remain

a Charge upon such Meeting-house, and be paid by the Landlord or Owner thereof.

XLV 111. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen that any of the Lands, Houses, Shops, Untenanted

Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements within the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Al- to

leys. Ways, or other public raflages, shall at the Time of making any of the said Rates or Assessments bc T*lcd*

empty, untenanted, or unoccupied; then, and in every such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for

the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to rate and assess the said Premises; and in such

Cafe, as well as in the Cafe the said Premises shall, after the making of such Rate or Rates, Assessment or

Afltflments, become empty, untenanted, or unoccupied, one Half of such Rate or Assessment shall be a

Charge on such Premises respectively, and be paid by the first Tenant or Occupier thereof, who shall and

may, and is hereby authorised to deduct and retain the fame out of his, her, or their Rents; and the Land-

lord or Landlords, Owner and Owners of such Premises, is and arc hereby required to allow such Deduc-

tion and Abatement upon the Receipt of the Residue of his, her, or their respective Rents; and the Tc-

n nt or Occupier shall be and is hereby acquitted and discharged of and from so much of his or her Rent

as the Rate or Assessment so paid by him or her shall amount unto.

XI.IX. And be it further enacted and declared. That if any Person or Persons who shall bc rated or Manner of Zi*

addled by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Money so rated or assessed «o*cr,'.

for the Space of fourteen Days next after the fame shall be due, and demanded by the Collector or Col-

authorised anJ appointed to collect and receive the same (such Demand being cither perionally made

of the reipcciive Person or Persons so charged, or left in Writing at his, her, or their refoeftive House or

llouf S or Place or Peaces of Abode) then, and in every such Cafe, it shall and may be law ful to and fur

furh Collector or Collectors, every or any of them, having a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any

Justice of the Peace for the County of lUidiUsex, or for the Liberty of his M. jesty's Tcivrr of Lit.dm%

(which Warrant the said Collector and Collectors is and aie hereby nquired to apply for, and the Justice

to applied to is hereby authorised and required to grant) with the Assistance of a Constable, or other Peace

Officer of the Parish where the Person or Persons so refuling or neglecting shall refule, to enter into the

lb.ufc or Houses, Apartment or Apartments of the Person ot Personi so ielLfing or neglecting us u.'oreianf.

Vet. XI. Ci and

