A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 69—71. 833

City, or Place, wherein such Conviction {hall be made, giving immediate Notice of such Appeal, and

finding sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justices for being personally present at such Ge- Determination

neral Quarter Sessions or General Sessions, and for prosecuting the said Appeal with Effeft, and abiding of justicet shall

the Judgment of the Court; and such Justices, in such General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions, be final,

shall finally hear and determine the Matter, and shall have Power to award reasonable Costs to either c^nf,c]*onri

Party as to them {hall seem just; and if such Conviction {hall be affirmed at such General Quarter Sef- te/^ffioni^AoT

lions or General Sessions, such Appellant {hall be committed to Prison for the Time specified in the peUnt mn/bc

find Conviction, and until Payment of the Costs so to be awarded. committed-

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action shall be Limitation of

brought ag iinft any Justice of the Peace, Constable, Headborough, or other Officer, or against any Adioas.

other Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Matter or Thing whatsoever done or committed, under,

by virtue, or in the Execution of this Act, unless such Action {hall be brought within Six Calendar

Months next after the doing or committing of such Matter or Thing.

X. Provided also, That if any Action or Suit shall hereafter be commenced or prosecuted against

any Per foil or Persons, for any Thing done under, by virtue, or in the Execution of this Act, such

Person or Persons may plead the General I flue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evi- General Iffte.

dence; and if the Plaintiff' shall become nonsuited, or suffer Discontinuance, or forbear further Pro-

fecution, or if Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, such Defendant or Defendants

shall recover his, her, or their full Costs, for which he, she, or they, shall have like Remedy as in *uflCoft,#

Cafes where Costs by Law are given to Defendants.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be taken and allowed to be a PubHck Act in p*blick Act.

all Courts within this Kingdom; and all Judges and Justices of the Peace are hereby required to take

Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXIX.’

An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Ma*

jesty, for importing Salt from Europe into the Province.of Quebec in America for a limited

Time.

CAP. LXX.

An Act to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His fate Majesty King

George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Exportation of Culm to Lisbon, in the

Kingdom of Portugal 3 and/or charging a higher Duty upon Culm exported thither in Foreign

Shipping.

C -A P. JLXXI.

An Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting, clipping, and other diminishing the

Gold Coin in this Kingdom.

HEREAS the preventing the Currency of clipped and unlawfully diminished and cOun- Preamble,

terfeit Money is a more effectual Means to preserve the Coin of this Kingdom entire

and pure, than the most rigorous Laws for the runishment of such as dtminish or coun-

terfeit the fame: And whereas, by the known Laws of this Kingdom, no Person ought to

4 pay, or knowingly tender in Payment, any counterfeit or unlawfully diminished Money, and

4 all Persons may not only refuse the fame, but may, and by the ancient Statutes and Ordinances

4 of this Kingdom have been required to destroy and deface the fame, and more particularly the

4 Tellers in the Receipt of the Exchequer, by their Duty and Oath of Office, are required to receive

4 no Money but good and true; and to the End the fame might be the better difeerned and known

4 by the ancient Course of the said Receipt of the Exchequer, all Money ought to be received there

4 by Weight as well as Tale: And whereas, by an Act, pafl'ed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Aa9 & 10G«l.

4 Reign of the late King William the Third, (intituled, An Atl for the better preventing the counter-

4 feitingy clippings and other dimimshing the Coin of this Kingdom f Provisions are made for preventing

the Currency of clipped and counterfeit Silver Money, but respecting the Gold Money no Provision

4 is thereby made ;* be it declared and enacted by the King’s nioft Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia- person« to

ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That it is and shall be lawful to and for any Per- whom Gold

son to whom any Gold Money shall be tendered, any Piece Or Pieces whereof shall be diminished Money shall He

otherwise than by reasonable wearing, or that by the Stamp, Impression, Colour, or Weight thereof, ttr£ red,hdt,m1.;

he shall suspect to be counterfeit, to cut, break, or deface, such Piece or Pieces; and if any Piece byVlfnn-*

so cut, broken, or defaced, shall appear to be diminished (otherwise than by reasonable wearing) or able wearing, or

counterfeit, the Person tendering the.fame shall bear the Loss thereof; but if the fame shall be of due a^p-ar ng 10 be

Weight, and appear to be lawful Money, the Person that cut, broke, or defaced the fame, shall, and counterfeit,may

is hereby required to take and receive the same at the Rate it was coined for; and if any Question ?ltu°!i/eface

or Dispute shall arise, whet cr the Piece so'cut be counterfeit or diminished, in Manner aforesaid, it

shall be heard and finally determined by the Mayor,. Bailiff' or Bailiff's, or other Chief Officer, of any finally dttermin-

City or Town Corporate, where such Tender shall be made* and if such Tender shall be made out td by M.iyori,

gf See. in Cities,

and by any Juf-

