172 C. 29.

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

A.D. *771.

Breach of Con-

tract.

20 8.

Becovery of

Bates against

any Sum not exceeding three Shillings for every square Yard of such Pavement, whether Carriage-way or

Foot-way, which Composition the said Commissioners, at their public Meeting, are hereby authorised t<y

make; and if such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, {hall not attend, or

{hall not compound or agree with the said Commissioners as aforesaid ; then it shall and may be lawful to

and for the said Commissioners, at their public Meeting, to order the fame to be paved as soon as conve-

niently can be, and all the Charges and Expences attending such paving shall be paid by the respe£Bve

Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, and may be recovered by A&ioa of Debt,

Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster% or within the said

City, in the Name of the principal Clerk to the said Commissioners for the time being, in which Aftioa

or Suit no Protection, Essoin, or Wager of LaW, or more than one Imparlance, {hall be allowed.

Not to vacate LVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be

any Agreement deemed or taken to make void any Contrail, Covenant, or Agreement between Landlord and Tenant,

between Kand^. touching or concerning any Matter or Thing to be done or performed in pursuance of this Act; and in

01 an Cnant*case any Difptite {hall arise concerning such Contraft, Covenant, or Agreement, the said Court of Mayor

and Aldermen shall have Power to hear and finally determine the fame.

Com mi flic ner* LVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners,

may compound from time to time, and at all Times hereafter, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons against

wh(,m l^e Commissioners {hall bring, or catrfe to be brought, any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits,

for any Penalty or Forfeiture contained in any Contraft or Contrafts hereafter to be made or entered into

in pursuance of this Act, on account of any Breach or Non-performance of any such Contraft or Con*

tracts, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they {hall think proper, so as the Sum so compounded and

agreed for be not less than the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Non-performance of such Con-

tract or Contrafts; and all Costs, Charges, and Expences, which {hall be occasioned thereby, and so as

such Composition doth not extend to remit more than one half of the said Penalty or Forfeiture.

Persons refuting LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons against whom Complaint {hall be made

or negicaiRgto to any one Gf the said Aldermen, touching any Offence or Offences to be committed against this Act, {hall

a^nd aic^r^°m neglect or refuse, after three Days Notice served upon him, her, or them, for thatPurpose, to attend such

nee, to 01 ei Alderman, at the Time and Place for which he, (he, or they shall have Notice to attend, every such Per-

son or Persons so offending shall, upon the Oath of anyone or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which

Oath any one of the said Aldermen is hereby authorised and required to administer) forfeit and pay the

Sum of twenty Shillings.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay any Rate or

Assessment to be made by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall become a Bankrupt or Bankrupts before

to or they shall have fully paid and satisfied all the Money then due and owing for such Kates and

pay the time] ° Assessments, then, and in every such Cafe, the Assignee or Assignees of his, her, or their Estate and Ef-

becoming Bank- fefts, or other Person or Persons possessing the fame, {hall, out of such Estate and Effects, after paying to the

itpta. petitioning Creditor or Creditors, his, her, or their Costs of filing out and prosecuting the Commission against

any such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, in the next place, pay unto the Chamberlain of the said City of London, for

the time being, all such Sums of Money as were due for such Rates and Assessments at the Time of the suing

out any such Commission against him, her, or them respectively, or so much thereof as the said Estate and

Effects will extend to pay; and the Receipt of the said Chamberlain shall be a good Discharge for the said

Money, and every Assignee and Assignees, or other Person as aforesaid, may, to any Action or Suit com-

menced or brought against him, her, or them, plead or give in Evidence the Payment of the fame, and

shall be allowed such Payment out of the Estate or Effects of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, prior to any

other Debt or Demand whatsoever (except as before is excepted); and in case of Non-payment of the

fame, by the Space of one Calendar Month after the fame shall be demanded, it shall and may be lawful

to and for the said Commissioners to commence and prosecute one or more Action or Actions, Suit or Suits,

for the fame, in the Name of the principal Clerk of the said Commissioners for the time being, in any of

his Majesty’s Courts of Record at WestminJier, or within the said City, against such Assignee or Assignees,

or other Persons as aforesaid. (

LXI. And it is hereby further enacted. That the Alderman, or his Deputy, and the major Part of the

Common Councilmen, for the time being, in each Ward, within the said City or Liberties, are hereby

required to set down in Writing, and sign two Duplicates of the Rates and Assessments, which they {hall,

from time to time, make by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes aforesaid ; in which shall be expressed the

Names of the Collectors who shall be appointed to collect the fame, one of which Duplicates shall, within

ten Days next after the making thereof, be deposited by the Beadle of the said Ward in the Office of the

Chamberlain of the said City of London^ where the fame (hdl remain, and every Citizen of London, liable

to be rated by virtue of this Act, shall and may have free Access thereto at all convenient Times, and be

permitted to inspect the fame without Fee or Reward ; and the Person or Persons neglecting to deposit such

Duplicates, in the Manner or within the Time aforesaid, or tefufing to permit such inspeftion as aforesaid,

{hall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

Coikflors, how 4 LXII. And, to the End that the said several Rates and Assessments may be fully and completely raised

•o be appointed, 1 and paid for the Purposes aforesaid,’ it is hereby further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and

for the Alderman, or his Deputy, with the major Part of the Common Councilmen of each Ward, at the

Court of Wardmote to be holden upon or near the Feast-day of Saint Thomas the Apostle, for the Choice of

Ward Officers, to return to the said Wardmote the Names and Places of Abode of a competent Number

of substantial Inhabitants of such Ward, of whom so many as the said Alderman, or his Deputy, and the

tnajor Part of the said Common Councilmen, {hall think fit and diicft, not exceeding half the Number of

P eifuns

Duplicates of

Kates, how to

le jnade.

C.ooooLe

