57® C; 67.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1772.

Feaalty *nnmt

obeying a. Sob-

too referred.

fons convicted of wilful and and corrupt Perjury is or are liable to, or shall be subject to by the Laws

ana Statutes of this Realm.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person residing

•within the Jurisdi#ion of the said Court of Request, who {hall be duly served with a Subpoena or Sum-

mons to be issued out of the said Court, to give Evidence of Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendaat, shall

neglect or refuse to appear pursuant to such Subpoena or Summons, at the Time and Place therein

mentioned, and due Proof {hall be made of the Service of such Subpoena or Summons, and no Cause of

Absence be ibewn or assigned to the SatisfiaSion of the Cotmmissioners present at the said Court te which

such Perfop {hall be by such Subpoena or Summons required to appear, and Oath {ball be made before

the {aid Commissioners, that the Person served therewith was a material Witness for the Party at whose

Instance such Subpoena or Summons issued, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commit-

sioners? or any three or more of them, assembled in open Court, and weighing the Cause so {hewn, and

adjudging the fame to be inefficient, to impose and lay a Fine, not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor

leis than Five Shillings ; to be levied (if not immediately paid on Demand) by Distress and Sale of the

Offenders Goods, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any Three

er more of them ; which Fine, when paid or levied, {ball be paid over to the Party at whose Instance

such Subpoena or Summons issued.

The Jbrifdiaioa XXXvI. Provided always, and be it enacted* by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act

•fthe Court Ba*contajnc<j shall exten(j^ or be construed, adjudged, deemed, or taken to be or extend to extinguish, re-

strain, alter, annul, take away, or otherwise prejudice the Jurisdiction of ah ancient Court Baron held

by the Lord of the Manor of the Borough of Kidd<rminster aforesaid, and his Predecessors, Time imme-

morial, within the said Borough, or any of the Rights, Privileges, and Franchises thereto belonging,

but that Plea {hall and may be held in the said Court of all Debts, Matters, and Things within the said

Borough, and all Persons shall and may sue and be sued in the fame Court, in like Manner as if this Act

had never been made ; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted. That no A£lion at Law {hall be brought against any Person

or Persons for any thing done by virtue of this A#, till after Twenty Days Notice thereof in Writ-

ing shall be given to, or left at the usual Place of'Abode of the Person or Persons against whom such

Action {hall be intended to be so brought, thereby {Setting forth the Cause of such Action, and in De-

fault only of any Tender of sufficient Amends being made within that Time, by such Person or Persons

to the Party so aggrieved, and causing such Notice to be given; and that every Action brought for any

Thing done as aforesaid shall be commenced within the Space of Three Months next after the Cause

thereof {ball arise, and {hall be laid in the County of Worcester, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant

or Defendants therein {hall and may plead the General Issue, and give this A&, and the Special Mat-

ter, in Evidence, and that the fame was done by virtue thereof: And if, on the Trial of such Action,

it shall appear that the fame was brought before the Expiration of Twenty. Days after such Notice shall

have been so given or left as aforesaid, or after the End of Three Months next after the Cause Thereof

shall arise; or if such A£tion shall bp brought or laid in any other County than as aforesaid, or alter

sufficient Tender of Amends shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved; then, and in every

the Cafes aforesaid, the Jury on the Trial of such A&ionfball find for the Defendant or Defendants

therein; and in all Cafes where any Verdi# shall be found for any Defendant or Defendants in such

A#ion* or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall discontinue the fame after the Defendant or Defen-

dants {hall have appeared thereto, or {hall be nonsuited ; or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given

against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in such A#ion shall have and recover

Treble Costs, and shall have jtlieJike Remedies for recovering the fame as any Defendant or Defend-

ants can or may have in other Cafes where Costs are given by Law.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be adjudged,

deemed, and taken to be a Publick Act; and {hall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges,

Justices, and other Perfaus whatsoever, without specially pleading the same*

limitation

A&iooi*

CeaeraiKTtfe

Treble Costs.

Publick. A£h

CAP. LXVIL

An Act for Incorporating the Members of a Society, commonly called fbe Marine Svcietjy

and their Successors, to be elected as therein is mentioned, and for the better impower-

ing and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful DeGgns.

Preamble. 4\WHEREAS, in June One thousand seven- hundred-anrd fifty-six, a Society, was instituted under

* VV certain Regulat'ons for fitting and placing out Men and Boys to the Sea Service, and other chari-

4 table Purpoft s, commonly called The Marine Society which said Society, during the late War wi:a Fraud

4 and Spain, and at differentTimes since the Conclusion thereof* by the voluntary Donations ami S jhfcrip-

* tions of charitable and well-disposed Persons (amongst other Charities) clothed and fitted out Frve thou--

4 sand four hundred and fifty-one Landment to serve as Seamen on Board His MajeilyVShips ; and also

4 clothed, fitted, and placed out as Servants or Apprentices to Officers in the King’s Ships, and to the

4 Merchants Service at Sea, Six thousand three hundred and six Boys, whohad no vinblo Means of Sup-

4 port, and who voluntarily offered themselves: And whereas Experience hath {hewn, that the said So-

4 ciety hath been hitherto of cousiderable Uic, and an Advantage to the Nation, and it is apprehended

4 that

