A.D. 1772. .Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 14. 345

XXXVIII. Provided always. That in case the said Pier Matter (hill refuse or neglect to attend at

all proper Times, and to do and perform the Duty of Pier Matter as he ought to do, and shall tt*

convicted thereof before the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor of the said Borough of Great Yarmouth for the

Time being, or any Two of the said Commissioners, by the Oath of One or more credible Wit-

nefs or Witnesses, (which Oath such Mayor or Deputy Mayor, or two Commissioners are hereby im-

powered to administer) every such Pier Matter shall, for every such Refusal, Neglect, or Non-per-

formance of his Duty as aforesaid, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less to forfeit not

than Ten Shillings, for every such Offence, to be applied towards the Maintenance and Repair of “seeding 401.

the said Haven, after deduding the Charges of recovering thereof ; and in case of Refusal to pay the

said Penalty, theofamc may be levied* by Distrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Pier

Matter, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor, or under the

Hands and Seals of such Two Com mi (Turners.

4 XXXIX. And whereas the laying Ballast, Earth, Sand, Rubbish, or Stones, upon the Quays Injuring the

* near the said Haven, and fuftcring the fame to continue there, hath been found very injurious to the ?*v*">

* said Haven, and to contribute much to the filling up the fame, as great Part of fuen Ballast, Earth* ’ c"

4 Sand, Rubbish, and Stones, often unavoidably fall into the said Haven, or is driven therein by Winds, howto bepre-

4 so that it is very difficult to preserve a sufficient Depth of Water for Ships to come up to the Quays: vented.

4 For Remedy whereof.* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-

fifth Day of Marcby Une thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, if any Person or Persons shall

Jay any Ballast, Earth, Sand, Rubbish, or Stones, on the said Quays, within Ten Feet of the Quay

Head, for the Purpose of ballasting Ships, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, (except for making

or repairing Quays, and during such Time only as such Quays are making or repairing), and shall

suffer the lame to continue there for the Space of Seven Days,'•and shall be thereof convicted before the*

Mayor or Deputy Mayor of the said Borough for the Time being, upon the Oath of One or more

credible Witness or Witnesses, furh Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay

any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings, to be applied towards the Repair

and Maintenance of the said Haven.

. * XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That in case the Matter or bthcr Person or Persons Money directed

having the Rule or Command of any Ship or Vessel lying in the said Haven, shall neglect or refuse to * so*

pay such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be ordered and appointed to be paid for keeping Watchmen a*.and iti

and Chppermen as aforesaid, or any Forfeitures or Penalties which shall be incurred by reason of any Pea^t»e« how

Offence or Offences against this Act, (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not herein be-be rccovetci*

fore particularly directed), it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor, or Deputy Mayor, of the

said Borough respectively, from Time to Time, by Warrant under his Hand an Seal, to levy such Sum

or Sums ofMoney, and also all such Forfeitures and Penalties to be incurred, as aforesaid by Distress and

Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so refufiflg to^ay such Sum or Sums of Money,

or any of the Penalties or Forfeitures which shall be incurred as aforesaid, together with the reasonable

Charges of levying the fame

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall commence and take C«jnme*eeme*t

Place from and after the said Twenty-fifth Day or Marcby One thousand seven hundred and seventy-*f

two, and shall continue in Force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to

the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

XLII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That this Act, or any Thing herein contained. Not to prejudict

fc?ll not suspend or extinguifti the Payment of such Port Duties and Tolls, as the Mayor, Aldermen, the T«1U, *c.

BurgefTcs, and Commonalty of the said Borough o(Great Yarmouth arc intitled to have and receive by PJ>a^el®theb

immemorial Custom or Usage, which for Twenty Years last part have been paid and received, ana ^ y

which they are intituled to recover by Action at Law, without shewing or alledging any Benefit which

they are bound to perform to the Publick, or any Cause or Consideration whatsoever, whereon to found

their prese! iptive Right thereto; but all such Port Duties and Tolls as aforesaid shall and maybe

recovered and received by the said Mayor, Aldermen, Burgellcs, and Commonalty, in such Manner

as the fame have heretofore been recovered and received, or might have been recovered and received,

in case this Act, or any former Act relating to the said Haven and Piers, had not been made.

XLIIF. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action I 'mltatio* tf

or Suit shall be brought or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done, or to be done, Aa,oas»

in pursuance of this Act, or anywise in relation to the Premife3, every such Action or Suit shall be

commenced within Six Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid

and brought in the County of Norfolk y and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in tvciy

such Action or Suit, may plead the General Ittuc, Not guilty, and give this Act, and the SpecialC,ner*

Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and

By the Authority of this Act: And if the fame shall appear tq have been so done ; or if any such

Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the fame, or shall be

brought in any other County than ns before directed, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or

Defendants ; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintitt’s shall be nonsuited, 01 suffer a Discontinuar.cc of hi>,

her, or their Action or Actions ; or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs ; or if,

upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, the Defendant or Defendants

shall recover Treble Cotts, ard hive the like Remedy for the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants Treble Col*.-

hath or have for Cotts ot Suit in any othci Cafe by Law.

Vot. XI. . Y y XLIV.

c. ooooie

