A. 0.1772. Anoo duodecimo Geoikjii III. C. 69. 603

in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have

been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before Thirty Days Notice

thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such

A<3ion or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purposelimjted, or shall be laid in

any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or De-

fendants therein; and if a Verdict shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff

or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a pifcontinuance

of such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, or if upon a Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions,

Suit or Suits, Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein; then, and in either of

the Cafes aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Reme- Treble CoA«,

dy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs, in

other Cafes by Law.

CXXXVIll. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed PMfck

and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices,

and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for paving, lighting, clean Ting, watering, and watching; the Streets, and other pub-

lick Places within such Parc of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Midd)efext

as lies on the Weft Side of Tottenham-court Road -9 and for preventing Nuisances andOb-

strudions therein; and for obliging the Trustees for the Care of the said Road to pave,

repair, and cleanse such Part of the said Road, as is herein described.

4 TX WHEREAS the Parish of Saint Pancras^ in the County of Rftddlefexy is very large and exten-

five, and of late Years several Hous?s have been erected upon such Part thereof as lays Weft-

ward of Tottenbam-court Road, and several other Buildings are likely to be erected within that Part of

the said Farish: And whereas, by realon of the great Number of Carriages which pass and repass

c through the Streets within that Part of the said Parish, the Pavements thereof are in a very bad State,

and in a continual want of Repair, and the said rarish is not duly lighted, cleansed, or watched,

and is subject to Annoyances and Incroachments: And whereas it would be of great Benefit and Safety

to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and to all other Persons passing and repassing through the

4 fame, if the said fever.il Streets, and other publick Passages within that Part of the Parish of Saint

4 Paner as, which lays on the Weft Side of Tottenham-court Road, were properly paved, lighted, cleansed,

and watered, and all Nuisances and Annoyances removed and prevented in future, and also if a -

4 Nightly Watch was to be established under proper Regulations; but the several beneficial Purposes

4 aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament; may it'therefore please Your Majesty

that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That George Alcock, William Bryer, James Butlery Henry

r Brookjbank, Joseph Babbs, Thomas Bray, John Cox, Samuel Coates, John CroJJe,

Colonel

Nam*.

Bullock, Thomas ^ ^

Charles Campbell, George Clavaring, Sir George Cooke, Thomas Summers Cocks, Abraham Chambers, George

D-L...* n .... rv-.. r*_____ r;_____ a. tt_____..li_ ✓>/.

F

ccyne,

Hitt, Bartholomew Hammond, William Htham, Charles Hunt, Alexander Je]>hJ\In, Thomas Jemmitty John

JonesJacob Lerouxy Stephen Cetfar Lemaijlre, Thomas Morey Arthur Molejworthe the Reverend Anthony

Stephen AlaltheWy the Reverend Samuel Aiarkham, John Middleton, Hurry Daniel Mander, Herbert

Ajackworth, Middleton Onjlously Sir Charles Price Knight. John Perrotty Edmund Pepys, William Pars,

?ohn Pinxtony the Reverend Roger Parry, Thomas Rhodes, Benjamin Reynold, Burkat Shudi, John

nowdony John Sheldon, Edward Stanley, Philip Stcphens, John Tayhry Philip Elias Turjl,

Ti'cpCy Taylor, John Wright, John IValker M. D. Sir Charles Whitwcrthy John Wade,

John Arnold Wallinger, Saunders Welch, Richard Wilson, and Matthew Yatcman, shall bfc, and are hereby

appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution: And in cale of the Death of any of the On Death, *«.

said Commissioners, or of their Refusal or Neglect to ad, for the Space of Two Years, or becoming of Comnvthonen

disqualified^ it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commilhoners, or any Seven or more of choftn.*

them, at any Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to

led and appoint One other Person to he a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of each Commissioner

dying, refilling, neglecting, or becoming disqualified to act as aforesaid; and every Person who shall

be to elected and appointed, is hereby vested with the fame Powers and Authorities as the Commis-

fioner in whose Place he was elected and appointed was vested with.

II. Provided always, That no Person whatsoever shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Qualification of

Execution of this Act, unless he shall be, in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Commissioners

Possession or Receipt of the Rents of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value newnuy

of Forty Pounds j or polTcflbd of, or intitled to a Personal Lftute, of the Value of One thousand a

Pounds.

4 H 2

III. Pro-

