A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 39, 40. 23*

giving Security, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs, that he or they will proceed in

me laid Ship or Vessel to the Greenland Se^s, or Davis's Streights, on the Whale Fishery the next Season:

And that every Seaman, or common Mariner, who after the firit Day of February in any Year during the

Continuance of this Act, shall be entered to serve on board any Ship, which shall be intended to proceed

on the said hifliery in the following Season, w'hose Name shall be inserted in a List to be delivered as afore-

iaid, and who shall have given Security, to the Satisfaction of the Commisioners of the Customs, to pro-

ceed, and shall proceed accordingly, shall be privileged, and exempt from being impressed from or out of

the said Service, from the said firit Day of February, till after the Exiration of the then next Season for the

find Fishery, and until the Voyage Home from thence shall be fully completed and ended, and no longer

any Law,. Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the last SdTion of Parliament, intituled, dn Act for ex-

tending like Liberty in the Exportation of Rice from East and Welt Florida to the Southward

cf Cape Finisterre in Europe, as is granted by former Acts of Parliament to Carolina and

Georgia.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Section of Parliament, intituled, An Act for extending like

Liberty in the Exportation of Rice from East and Weft Florida to the Southward of Cape Finisterre

in Europe, as is granted by former Acts of Parliament to Carolina and Georgia, it is enabled, That it

shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty’s Subjects, in such Manner as is therein particularly men-

4 tioned, to ship or load Rice in the Faiii Province of Ea/l or IVeJl Florida, and to carry the fame directly

4 to any Port Southward of Cape Finisterre in Europe, without carrying the fame to any other of his Ma-

jesty’s Plantations in America, or to Great Britain: And whereas the Produce of Rice, and the Expoita-

4 tion thereof, may be greatly encouraged for the mutual Benefit of this Kingdom and the said Province,

4 if like Liberty or Licence was extended to the carrying the fame directly to any Part of America, to the

4 Southward of the Piovincesof Carolina or Georgia, without bringing the lame first to Great Britain\

May it therefore plcufe your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s

most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembjed, and by the Authority of the same, That, during the

Continuance of the said recited Act of the last S.ilion of Parliament, Rice shall also be permitted or allowed

to be exported from his Majesty’s Provinces of Ea/l and West Florida directly to any Part of America South-

ward of South Carolina or Georgia, without carrying the fame to any other of his Majesty’s Plantations in

America+ or to Great Britain, by such Persons, in such Ships and Vessels, in the same Manner, and to

such foreign Countries and Places, and under such Entries, Securities, Rcftridtions, Regulations, Limita-

tions, Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are in an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, 4 An Act for granting, for a limited Time, a Liberty to carry Rice from his

Majesty’s Provinces of South Carolina and Geng:a directly to any Part of America, to the Southward of

the said Provinces, subject to the like Duty as is now paid on the Exportation of Rice from the said Co-

ionics to Places in Europe situate to the Southward of Cape Finisterre \ particularly mentioned, referred

to, described, appointed, limited, or enacted, for that Purpose, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and

Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, relating thereto, were

particularly repeated, and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

Preamble.

Rice may be er-*

ported from the

Floridas to the

Southward of

C*pc Finisterre,

undei like Re-

gulations as from

Carolina.

During thsCon-

tinuance Act

10 Geo. 3, Rier

m.»y be exported

a? therein di-

rected,

under the Re-

ftri&ions con-

tained in A£L '

4 Geo. 3.

CAP. XL.

An Act for the more effectually preventing the Counterfeiting the Copper Coin of this

Realm.

4 \\7 HER E A S the Coining or Counterfeiting any of the Copper Monies of this Realm being punifii- Preamble,*

V V ab’e only as a Misdemeanor, the Practice thereof hath of late Years greatly prevailed, and is

4 likely to continue to increase, to the great Prejudice of Trade, and the manifest Wrong and Injury of

4 his Majesty’s Subjects:’ For Redress of which growing Mischief, be it enacted by the King’s moil excel-

lent Majesty, determined by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament afi'embled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons

shall, from and after the twrcnty-fourth Day of'June* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-onc, make,

com, or counterfeit, any of the Copper Monies of this Realm, commonly called an Halfpenny, or a

Farthings such Person or Persons offending therein, and his, her, or their Counsellors, Aiders, Abettors,

and Procurers, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony.

aJjudged, with their Abettors,

Person!, aft-r

June 24, 177r,*.

counter.

Copper Hall-

pence or Kur-

th ngi, to br

gujit) of Felon/. ;

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and All Persons buy-.

after the said twenty-fourth Day of ?Vw, rice thousand (even hundred and seventy-one, buy, fell, take, 5nf*.cr

7 n- 7 r V' 111 -iv c puttin^oU,* uun-

receive, pay, or put oft any counterfeit Copper Money, not melted down, or cut in Pieces, at or for a

lower Rate or Value than the fame, by its Denomination, doth or shall import, or was counterfeited for,

every such Person and Persons (lull be adjudged guilty of Felony. 6u-r.v of Fciu-/.-

c.

