A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii Iil.

C. 84. 901

Merchandises, taken or unloaden from any Horse§ Cart, or other Carriages, belonging to, or hired,

or borrowed by the fame Waggoner or Carrier, in order to avoid the Payment of the said respective

Duties of Twenty Shillings per Hundred ; or if any Person shall so unload, in order to carry oonfider-

able Quantities of Goods through any Turnpike-gate, # in One and the same Day, and thereby pay

less Toll at such Turnpike-gate than would have been paid if such Goods, Wares, or Merchandises,

had not been so unloaden; each and every Person so offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, and being

thereof lawfully convicted before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Limit where

the Offence shall be committed, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall

forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds ; to be levied upon the Goods and Chattels of the Owner of

such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage ; and each and every Driver, not being the Owner of such

Waggon or Carriage, so offending, and being thereof convicted, as aforesaid, shall be committed to the , t

House of Correction for the Space of One Month.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner of any Waggon, Cart, 6r Carriage, or other Owners or Dff-

Person, being the Driver thereof, travelling on any Turnpike Road where any Toll-gate or Weighing

Engine is or shall be erected, shall drive or turn out of the fame into any other Road, in order to avoid fngour of the

being weighed, or to avoid the paying of Toll, and shall afterwards proceed with such Carriage into Road, jto avoid

and on the fame Turnpike Road, every such Owner, or other Person, convicted of such Offence before being weighed.

One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Limit where such Offence shall be committed, fojteit not

upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall forfeit, if he be the Owner, any

Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings ; and if he be the Driver and not the

Owner, any Sum not exceeding Fifty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings, upon Conviction, for every

such Offence.

XII. And be it further enacted. That no Carriage, liable to be weighed by Virtue of this Act, shall th^o^uVnoii

pass along any Turnpike Road, being above Twenty Miles from the Citie9 of London or I4rejiminster, of*he°Whetl»of

unless the fame shall be made and construded in such Manner, that no Pair of such Wheels shall be c*rr»se»*ra-

wider than Four Feet Six Inches f/om Inside to Inside, to be measured on the Ground, (except Wheels veiling on Road#

having the Soles of the Fellies thereof of the Breadth of Nine Inches, which shall be so construded as ibove^®^ilc*

to roll a Surface of Sixteen Inches; and that the wider Pair of such Wheels shall not be more

than Five Feet, Eight Inches from Inside to Inside, to be measured on the Ground), and that

the Distance from the Centre of the Fore Wheel to the Centre of the Hind Wheel of any Waggon

or Four-wheeled Carriage, not being used for the Carriage of Timber only, be* not above Nine Feet,

to be measured from the Centre of the Axletrees at the Ends thereof, on Pain of the Owner or

Owners of every such Waggon, Wain, or Cart, forfeiting the Sum of Five Pounds for every such Surveyors, &c.

Offence: And the Surveyor or Surveyors, Gate-keeper or Gate-keepers, of any Turnpike Road, is to measurcCar*

and are hereby authorised and required, at any Turnpike or Toll-gate, or at any other Place upon riages j

the Turnpike Road, to measure every such Waggon, Wain, or Cart; and if any Master or Driver or they shall not

of any Waggon, Wain, or Cart, shall hinder, or refuse to permit such Surveyor or Surveyors, Gate- ^permitted to

keeper or Gate-keepers, to measure such Waggon, Wain, or Cart, as aforesaid, he or she shall forfeit pai‘

the Sum of Five Pounds ; and it shall not be lawful for any such Waggon, Wain, or Cart, not permitted

to be measured as aforesaid, to pass along any Turnpike Road.

XIII. And be it further enacted. That no Waggon, Wain, or other Four-wheeled Carriage, having the No nine-inch

Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches, shall pass or be four-wheeled

drawn on ary Turnpike Road with more than Eight Horses; nor any Cart, or other Two-whecled with

Carriage, having Wheels of the Breadth aforesaid, shall pass or be drawn upon any Turnpike Road with mo^than Eight

more than Five Horses; and that the Hoifes in such respective Carriages shall draw in Pairs; (except an odd Horses; nor

Horse in any Team, and except where the Number of Horses shall not exceed Four) ; and also chat no Two wheeled

Waggon, Wain, or other Four-wheeled Carriage, having the Sole or Bottomofthe Fellies of the Wheels Carriages, fame

of the Breadth of Six Inches , shall nafs or be drawn on any Turnpike Road with more thin Six ^thanVive-

Horses ; and that no Cart, or other Two-wheeled Carriage, having Wheels of the Breadth last men- and in Pairs.

tioned, shall be drawn on any Turnpike Road with more than Four Horses ; and also, that no Wag- Six-inch four,

gon, Wain, or other Four-wheeled Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth than wheeled Car-

Six Inches, shall pass or be drawn on any Turnpike Road with more than Four Horses ; and that no not

Cart, or other Two-wheeied Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth than Six In- t^n siTworfcsf

ches, shall pass or be drawn on any Turnpike Road with more than Three Hoifes ; and the Owner nor Two-wheel*-

of every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, shall forfeit the Sum of F ive Pounds ; and the Driver edCarr ages with

thereof, not being the Owner, the Sum of Twenty Shillings, for every Offence against the Provificns more thanFou»

aforesaid, to any Person or Persons who ftialJ sue for the same. Owner*V

Waggons, &c. for every Horse above that Number, forfeits 5 1. and the Driver 20 c9

Carriages upon

Rollers with flat

Surfaces may be

diawn v/irh any

Number of

Honrs.

Prosecutions not

tobccommence-

ed, unless Inform

mation be laid

within Three

XIV. Provided always, That all Carriages moving upon Rollers of the Breadth of Sixteen Inches

on each Side thereof with flat Surfaces, are hereby allowed to be drawn with any Number of Horses,

w other Cattle.

XV. Provided always, and he it enacted, That no Prosecution shall be commenced before a Justice

«of Peace, by way of Information, for any Forfeiture incurred by the Owner or Driver of .any Carriage

having arreater Number of Horses therein than allowed by this A3, unless such Information belaid

within Three Days after the Offence committed ; and that no Action shall be commenced for any

Vol. XI.V 5 Z such

