156

General Issue.

Treble Cofli.

rutiic a a.

C. 27. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

such Action or Suit, and every of them, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special

Matter in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon 5. and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs,

in such Action or Suit, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action or Actions, or

if Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein j then, and in any of the Cafes afore-

said, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering

the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs in any other Cafes by

Law.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, ad-

judged, and taken to be a Public Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices*

and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for regulating and improving the Fisheries in the River Tweed, and the Rivers

and Streams running into the fame j and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said

River.

'freioible.

Persons killing

Salmon, Gilfe,

Salmon Trout,

€ "IWHEREAS Salmon, Gilfes, Salmon Trouts, and Whitlings, and the Spawn or Fry thereof, are

* VV frequently killed, taken, and destroyed at improper Seasons in the River Tweedy and the Rivers

* and Streams which run into the fame, and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River, to the

* great Detriment of the Owners and Occupiers of the Fisheries, and Loss to the Public:* For Remedy

whereof, and for the Improvement of the Fisheries in the said River, may it please your Majesty that it

may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-

__________y fentof the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

or Whitling, be- Authority of the same. That from and after the twelfth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and

tween 06.10. seventy-one, if any Person or Persons shall take or kill any Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, or Whitling,

between ^ “ or take, kill, or destroy the Spawn, Fry, or young Brood of any such Fish, in the said River Tweedy or

o’eTockon s*. *n any River, Rivulet, Brook, or Stream, or in any Mill-pool. Mill-lead, Sluice, or Cut, which commu-

turday Night nicates with the said River Tweedy or within the Limits of the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweedy

and two o’clock at any Time or Times between the tenth Day of October and the tenth Day of January, or between ten of

en Monday the Clock on Saturday Night and two of the Clock on Monday Morning, every such Person and Persons

forfcitng*§ftfor forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings for every Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, or Whitling, so

or "Vuch*Fish. taken or killed, and also the Sum of ten Shillings for every Parcel or Quantity of the Spawn, Fry, or

* young Brood of any such Fish so taken, killed, or destroyed.

c II. And whereas Disputes may arise touching the Limits of the Mouth or Entrance of the River

* Tweed,9 Be it therefore further enacted, That, for the Purposes of this Act, the Limits of the Mouth

or Entrance of the River Tweed shall for the future be deemed and taken to be and extend three Miles from

a Pier called Queen Elizabeth's Pier, and two Miles from a Rock called Hood's Head Rock.

Any Person who III- And be it further enacted, That from and after the said twelfth Day of May, one thousand seven

dull kill, or hundred and seventy-one, if any Person or Persons shall place, lay, set, continue, or draw any Net,

have in his Pof- Creel, Hamper, Engine, or other Device whatsoever in said River Tweedy or in any River, Rivulet, iBrook,

session any of the or Stream, or in any Mill-pool, Mill-lead, Sluice, or Cut, which communicates with the said River

young Brood o7 Tweed, or within^the Mouth or ^Entrance thereof, in order to kill or take any Spawn, Fry, or young Brood

every I

Limits of the

Mouth or En

trance of the

River Tweed*

Fish, between

April 1. and

of any Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, or Whitling, or shall take, kill, or destroy, or have in his, her, or

their Custody or Possession any Spawn, Fry, or young Brood of any such Fish as aforesaid, between the

June 1. shall for-fjrft Day of April and the first Day of June, every such Person and Persons shall forfeit and pay the Sum of

pU T7 ten Shillings, for every Parcel of Spawn, Fry, or young Brood of any such Fish which shall be found in

arc erco . her, or their Possession, between the said first Day of April and the said first Day of June.

If any Person IV. And be it further enacted. That from and after the said twelfth Day of May, one thousand seven

foail beat the hundred and seventy-one, if any Person or Persons shall beat the Water, or place or let any white Object,

^*tcr» orin#ny or any other Thing whatsoever in the said River Tweed, or in any River, Rivulet, Brook, Stream, Mill-

prevent the Fish P°°l> Mill-lead, Sluice, or Cut, which communicates with the said River Tweed, or in the Mouth or En-

tering the Ri- trance of the said River, or in, over, or across the said River Tweed, or any River, Rivulet, Brook, Stream,

ver, Sec. he shall Mill-pool, Mill-lead, Sluice, or Cut, or in the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, in order to

forfeit any Sum prevent the said Fish from entering the said River Tweed, or from going up and down the said River, or

any River, Rivulet, Brook, Stream, Mill-pool, Mill-lead, Sluice, or Cut aforesaid, or shall by any other

Ways, or in any other Manner, prevent the Fish from entering the said River, and going up and down the

said Rivers and Waters before described, every Person so offending shall, for every Offence, forfeit any

Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than ten Shillings.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owner or

angle at certain Owners of any Fishery in the said River Tweed, or for the Owner or Owners of any Fishery in any River

ownVi£heri«,r runs *nt0 River Tweed, and for all and every Person or Persons having his, her, or their Autho-

own 1 enes. rjty^ Ljcence^ or Leave so to do, to angle or fish with Rods and Lines at any Time or Times between

the said tenth Day of January, and the tenth Day of OSlober, in any Year, for any Kind or Sort of Fish

in his, her, or their own Fiftiery or Fisheries, notwithstanding the fame shall be let to any Person or Per-

fons; and also to take, carry away, and make use of the Fish so taken ; and no such Owner or Person,

having such Authority, Licence, ox Leave* shall be liable, on account of any such Angling, to any

Penalty

not more than

5 4. nor left

than ic s.

Persons may

