The TITLES of the STATUTES.

Parishes of Putney and Roehampton, in the County of

Surrey, in Trustees for the Purposes therein mentioned.

57. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Au-

thorities given to George Fiefcbi Heneage, Esquire, by

an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, intituled, 44 An A£ for dividing and

44 inclosing certain Open and Common Fields and

44 Grounds within the Parish of Beriniworth, in the

*4 County of Lincoln” to charge certain Lands and

Hereditaments, Parcel of the Manor of Benniwsrtb, in

the County of Lincoln, of which he is now strict Te-

nant for Life, with a certain Sum of Money, for

xeimburfing to him the Expences which he has been at

in the inclosing the fame; and for other Purposes there-

in mentioned.

58. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Commons, and Common Grounds, within

the Hamlet of Barlcythorpe, in the Parish of Oakham, in

the County of Rutland,

59. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Kingfa

norton, in the County of JVorceJlcr.

60. An Act for dividing and inclosing several open Fields,

Meadow, Pasture, Common, and Waste Ground,within

the Liberties of Ockbrook, in the County of Derby.

61. An7\6l for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields,

Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Township of

Welton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

62. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, a cer-

tain Parcel of Land, called or known by the Name of

The Cow Paflure, lying in the South Fen, in the Parish

of Bourn, in the County of Lincoln; and for amending

and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Sixth

Year of H is present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, 44 An

44 Act for allotting, dividing, inclosing, and draining,

44 several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Waste,

44 and Fen Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of

44 Bourn, in the County of Lincoln

63. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

Fields, Lands, and Grounds,'within the Township of

SiggL'/hrney in HAdcrnefs, in the East Riding of the

County of York.

64. An Act for draining the Low Grounds and Carrs,

lying in the several Parishes, Townships, and Places,

of Keyir.gbam, Kcyingham Marfa, RyhiU, and Camerton,

Burjtwick, and Sheckling. Burton Pidfea, and Ridgmont,

Otlringham, Hal fa am, Uwfhvick, Rods, Rimfwell, 'Turn-

ji-'ljy ib as holme, Elflenwick, LeH-y, Hnmbelton, Fitiirg,

Hdjion, Carton, Aibrogh, Flint on, and Tanjlerne, within

the Seigniory of Holderness, and East Riding of the

County of York,

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing such Part of the

Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Tardebigg,

as lies in the County of Worcejhr,

66. An Act for allotir\,7, dividing 2nd inclosing the Open

and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable

Meadows, Pastures, Lands and Grounds, and Com-

mon or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Saint Nicholas,

in the Manor of Warwick, in the County of Warwick,

67. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

and Common Field-s, Meadows, Commonable Lands,

»n 1 Common?, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties

of Damp ton in the County of Huntington.

68. An Act to confirm and establish an Indenture; of Agree-

ment, , for dividing and inclosing ’several Fields, Laiuis,

and Grounds, in the Manor and Par!fh of Great Ponn-

1 ton, in the County of Lincoln; md for dividing and in-

cloling several other Cot mon Fields, Meath, and Waste

- Grounds, in the fame Manor and Faulh. j

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields,

Lands, and Grounds, in the Township and Parish of

Welton, in the County of Lincoln.

70. An Act for inclosing the Open Common Fields, and a

Common of Pasture, and other Commonable Lands and

Waste Grounds, in the Manors apd Parishes of Kemble

and Pool, in the County of Wilts,

71. An Act fordividing and inclosing certain Open Fields,

Lands, and Grounds, in the Lordship of West Halt on,

in the County of Lincoln,

72. An Act to difiolve the Marriage of Richard Draper

with Elizabeth Hartnell, his now Wife; and to enable

him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

73. An Act to difiolve the Marriage of William Skinn with

Ann Skinn, his now Wife; and 10 enable him to marry

again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned,

74. An Act for naturalizing Henry Francis Sellon.

75. An Act for naturalizing John Boufquet,

76. An Act for naturalizing John Louis Lautier.

77. An Act for naturaMyAngJaques Louis Pourtales.

78. An Act for vesting in the most Noble Augustus Henry

Duke of Grafton, and his Heirs, the Manor, or re-

puted Manor, and Rectory and Parsonage Appropriate,

of PotterJpury, otherwise EaJ/pury, in the County of

Northampton, (except the Presentation to the Advowson

to the Church there,) and certain Messuages, Lands,

Tithes, and Hereditaments, situate and arising in the

fame County, the Estate of Robert Brydves, Esquire, a

Lunatick; and for vesting in Thomas Hancox, Esquire,

and His Heirs, a certain Wood and Wood Land, called

Daricell, otherwise Dowell Wool, in the County of

Gloucester, also the Estate of the said Lunatick, on Pay-

ment, by the said Duke and 7bomas Hancox, of their rc-

spective Purchase Money, in such Manner, and for

such Purposes, as in the said Act is mentioned.

79. An Act for vesting the legal Estate and Intcreftof and

in certain Freehold Lands at Adderbury, in the County

of Oxford, now verted in Charles Townjhcnd, Esquire, an

Infant Truflec, in the most Noble Flcnry Duke of

Bucchugh, and his Heirs, and in certain Copyhold Lands

in Kenneth Mackenzie, Esquire, and his Heirs, in Trust

for the said Duke, and his Heirs.

80. An Aift to enable the Right Honourable John Earl of

Sandwich, and the Honourable John Montagu, common-

ly called Lord Viscount Flinchinbrook, and the Survivor

of them, to grant Leases of the Countess of Sandwich's

Moiety of Lrtates in the Counties of Ardmagb and Li-

merick, in the Kingdom of Ireland.

81. An Aift to impower certain Persons to cnfranchise fe-

veral Customary Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of

the several Manors of Brampton, Farlam, Upper Denton,

Nether Denton, Talkin, Jrthington, Laver/,tale, Newby,

Afaerton, Wurton, Wood, Troddermain, Hay ton cum IVi't-

t n, Carlatton Castle, Carrock, Cumrew, Blackenthwate,

and Newbiggin, within the Barony, or reputed Barony

of Gif and, in the County of Cumberland, late the Estate

of Hi ary Earl of Cariife, deceased, and settled to certain

Uses by the Will of the said Henry Earl of Car life; and

for other Purposes therein mentioned.

82. An Acct for vesting in Sir George Colebrooke Baronet,

and his Heirs, so much of the Manor or Lordship of

Stebuubcath, otherwise Stebunhitb, otherwise Stepney, in

the County of Middlesex. Part of the Estate of the said

Sir George Ccleorcoke, as i$ limited and fi-ttled in and by

1 an Act of Parliament; which passed in the Second Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the

Third; anh -k* Turtng other Lands and Hereditun Aims

in Lieu thereof j and also for vesting other settled Eltates

