A.D. 1771.

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

c- 33*

201

such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings, and the like Sum of twenty Shillings for every Day

such Pavement thall continue without being relayed or repaired, alter the Expiration of the said two Days.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Faviors and

Turncocks now appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, in case of the Death or Removal of any such Pavior

or T urncock by the said several and respective Water-companies, shall, and they are hereby required

within the Space of twenty-one Days next after the passing of this Act, or within the Space of three

Days next alter he or they shall be appointed Pavior or Faviors, Turncock or Turncocks, to such Company

or Coiripanics, to give Notice in Writing to the Surveyor or Surveyors for the time being to the Commissioners

for putting this Act in Execution, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be by them, or any five or

tnorc of them, appointed for that Purpose; which Notice {hall contain such Pavior’s or Turncock’s Name

and Place of Abode respectively, as also to what Company he is Pavior or Turncock, and in what District

he has the Care of such Company or Companies^Pipcs ; and in like Manner, the Surveyor or Surveyors

to such Commissioners for the time being shall, within the respective Times aforesaid, give Notice to the

respective Paviors and Turncocks of the said several Water Companies, of his or their own Place or Places

of Abode, and also to the Surveyor or Surveyors to the Commissioners of Sewers, of the Names and Places

of Abode of such Contractor or Contractors, and of the Pavior or Paviors employed by such Commis-

sioners; and every Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to give such Notice as aforesaid, within the

Times before respectively specified, {hall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings.

XLVL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, T hat when any Sewer or Drain, which

shall or may be under the Direction of the Commissioners of Sewers in any of the said Squares, Streets,

Lancs, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, shall require to be repaired or altered, or any new or

additional Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains, shall be necessary to be made, or any new Grate or Grates

to be made and put over any Sewer in any of the said Squares, Streets, or Places, or any old Grates over

the fame, Gall require to be removed or altered for the Purpose of paving any of the said Streets or other

Places; then, and in every such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for the

time being for putting this Act in Execution, or any five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors

for the time being, to cause such Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains, to be made, repaired, or altered, or

such new and additional Grates to be made and put down, or such old Grates to be repaired, removed, or

altered, as the Cafe may require, and the Expence thereof shall, from time to time, be paid out of the

Moncv arising, or to arise, by virtue of this Act.

XLVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the Charges and Expences of

relaying or repairing the Pavement which shall be broken or taken up for the Purpose of repairing or

amending any such ripe or Pipes not belonging to any of the Water Companies, shall be paid to the Com-

missioners for putting this Act in Execution, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of

them, shall appoint to receive the same, by the respective Owner or Owners of such Pipe or Pipes; and in

calc the respective Owner or Owners of such Pipe or Pipes as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to pay what

shall have been so laid out and disbursed for the Purposes aforesaid, within ten Days next after Notice

thereof in Writing, signed by the Chrk to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, and left

at their respective Dwciling-houses or last Place of Abode, together with a Bill annexed thereto (which

Notice shall contain an Account of such Charges and Expences); that then, and in every such case, it

shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or any five or

more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action

or Actions in their own Names, or in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Treassurers for the time

being, against all or any or either of the respective Persons aforesaid, for the Recovery of such Sum or

Sums ot Money as they shall have so laid out and expended for the Purposes aforesaid, in which Action or

Actions no Efloin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XLVUI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted. T hat if, at any T ime or T imes, it shall be

found necessary to raise, fink, or any otherwise alter the Postion of any of the Pipes or Plugs laid down or

placed by any of the Companies who furnish the Inhabitants within the Limits aforesaid with Water, or

of any Leaden or other Pipes belonging to any of the said Water Companies, or to any other Person or

Persons which, for the Purposes of conveying Water into any House, Area, or other Place, have been, or

shall be laid into or from any such Pipe or Pipes, for the Purpose of new-paving or altering the Pavement

of any of the Squares, Streets, Lancs, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, the Expence thereof

shall, from time to time, be paid out of the Money arising, or to arise, by virtue of this Act, and shall

always he done w ith as little Detriment and Inconvenience to the said respective Companies or Inhabitants

as the CircumfLnces of the Cafe will admit.

XLIX. Provided always. That when and so often as any Part of the Pavements of the said Squares,

Streets Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, shall be taken up by any Person or Persons

for the Purposes of placing, altering, or amending any such Pipe, the fame shall, with all convenient Speed,

be reputed by the Pavior or Pavio s contracting with or employed by the said Commissioners, or under the

Direction ot thiir Surveyor or Surveyors, at the Expence of the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said

Leaden or other Pipes respectively, if such Pipe is replaced, altered, or amended, at the Request of such

Pro pnetor, r.nd n< t otherwise.

L. Providid also. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, from time to time,

to compound and agree with any of the said Proprietors for a certain Sum of Money, by the Foot or other

Measure, as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable, in lieu and stead of their laying dowfn and repair-

ing such Parts of ihc said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, as shall be

iKccflary to be taken up for the Purposes aforesaid.

Vol. XI. D d 7 « LI. And

Pavior*, Ac. to

give Notice of

the Dea'h or

Rtmoral of

Turncocks, Ac*

Commissionrri

of Sewer* to re-

pair Drains, &c*

Pioesnot belong*

ing to any Wa-

ter company.

Charges of re-

l«yinn, Arc. 10

be paid by Own-

ers to the Cum-

in iflioners*

Fxrcnrc of alter-

ing Pipe* to be

borne by the

Co:nmil]ioneri«

Pipe* rrplarei? *t

Rrquert, Pro-

prietor* to pay

Lxpcnces, Jcc.

Cotmri’flirner*

may compound

*ith said Pro-

pnetor*

