The TITLES of the STATUTES.

*3. An Act to enable certain Persons therein named to

continue to work a Pestle Mill, heretofore employed

and used in making Battle Gunpowder, at Old Forge

Farm, in the Parish of Tonbridge, in the County of

Kent.

14. An Act to encourage the Subjects of Foreign States

to lend Money upon the Security of Freehold or Lease-

hold Estates, in any of his Majesty’s Colonies in the^

West Indies; and to render the Securities granted to such

Aliens efreftual for recovering Payment of the Money

so to be lent, by Sale of such Freehold or Lealehold

Estates.

!$♦ An Act for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the High

Street, Raft Street) and West Street, in the Town and

Parishes of Gravefnd and Milton, in the County of

Kent; and for lighting the other Streets; and for re-

moving all Incroachments and Annoyances within the

said Town and Parishes.

16. An Act for taking down the Shire Hall of the County

of Devcn^ and for building a new Shire Hall in a more

commodious Manner.

17. An Act for making the Exemplification of the Last

Will and Testament of William Earl of Bdcfingtiny in

the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, Evidence as well in

Ireland as in Great Britain.

i&. An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of

his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more cf-

fcftual Relief of the Poor in the County of Devon; and for

other Purposes therein mentioned.

19. An Act to amend and rentier more effectual an Act,

paiicd in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His

late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act:

for draining and improving certain Fen Lands within the

Manor and Parishes of Up well and Outwell, and in the

Parishes of Denver and Welney,. in the Iffe of Ely, and

Counties Cambridge and Norfolk, lo far as the fame

relates to the Lands lying on the South Side of Pophanis

Eatu

20. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act,

made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late

Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for

draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low

Grounds in the i£le of Ely, and Counties of Suffolk and

Norfolk, between Mildenhall River, South, Plant Load

and Brandon River, North, bounded on the Weflbythe

River Ouse, and on the East by Winter Load,. Larlwell

Brook, and the Hard Lanas of Mildenhall; and for im-

fowering the Governor, Bailiffs, a :d Commonalty, of the

Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fensy

commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands

lying within, the Limits aforesaid, commonly called In veiled

Lands; lb far as the fame relates to the several Fen

Lands and Low Grounds lying in the First District de-

feribed in the said Act.

21. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in

the Fourth Year of the Rrign of His late Majesty King

George the Second, intituled, An Act to explain a Clause

in an Act) made in the Se venth Year of the Reign of Her

late Majesty Queen An. c, for naturalizing Foreign Pro-

testants, which relates to the Children of the naturaEborm

Subjects of the Crown ^/England, or ^Great Britain,.2#

the Children of such Children.

An Act to continue an Act, made in the Sixth Year

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to restate the

Lcai'Arg of " Ships, with Coals, in the Ports of Newcastle

and S*mderland.

*3. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and

Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain

called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-

fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and

seventy-three.

24. An Act for further continuing Two Acts made in the

Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty’s Reign, for

unishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better

ayment of the Army and their Quarters, in His Ma-

jesty’s Dominions in America.

25. An Act to explain Two Acts of Parliament, One of

the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty,.

for naturalizing such Foreign Protestants, and others,

as are settled, or shall settle, in any of His Majesty ’a

Colonies in America \ and the Other of the Second

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for natural-

izing such Foreign Protestants as have served, or shall

vferve, as Officers or Soldiers in His Majesty’s Royal

American Regiment, or as Engineers, in America.

26. An Act for preventing Abides in the Sale of Shares*

of British-huut Ships to Foreigners.

27. An Act for the more cafy and speedy Recovery of

Small Debts, within the City and County of the City

of Exeter.

2$. An Act so? deepening, cleansing, ai>d making more

commotions, the Harbours of the Town of Green'ck

for supplying the Inhabitants with fre ill and wholcfomc

Water; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and

watching, the Streets, aiul oth^r publick Places*,

within the said 'Town.

29, An Act for deepening, cleansing, and making more

commodious, the Harbour of Aberdeen; foe erecting

new Piers and Quays therein; and for regulating Ships-

and Vessels trading into, and going out of the said

Harbour*

3°. An Act for the better Regulation and Government of

the Pilots conducting Ships and Veikls to and out of

the Port of King's Lynn, and of the Bridgernen con-

ducting Gangs of Lighters or Barges to and from the

fame; and for laying down Moorings in the Harbour of

the said Port, and for preventing M ifchiefs by Fire therein*

3*. An Act for the more effectual Execution of the Cri-

minal Laws in the Two Parts of the United Kingdom*

32. An Act for repealing so much of an Act made in tho

Twenty-third Year of His late Majesty King George

the Second, as relates to the preventing the Healing or

destroying. of Turnips; and for the more effectually

preventing the dealing or destroying of Turnips, Pota-

toes, Cabbages, Parsnips, Pease, and Carrots.

33. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in

the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, (in-

tituled, An Act for the better Prejirvatiorr of Timber

Trees, and of Woods and Underwoods; and for the further

Preservation of RootS) Shrubs, and Plants), to Poplar*.

Alder, Maple, Larch, and Hornbeam.

34.. An Act for paving, lighting, and cleansing the Streets,

Lanes, and Places within the Town of Bright/oelrn/lonfy

in the County of Su[jcx; for removing Nuisances and

Annoyances, and preventing the like for the future

for holding and regulating a Market within, the said

Town; for building and repairing Groyns, in order to

render the Coast safe and commodious for Ships or

Vessels to unload and land Sea-coal, Culm, and other

Coal, for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Town;

and for laying a Duty thereon, and for other Purposes.

35* Av Act for raising a further Sum of Money for the

Purpose of rebuilding the Common- Gaol of the

County of Essex*

36;- An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Ninth Year

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for laying open

and

