A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo GioiuJir III. C. 9. 331

such and so many of them as are repealed, altered* or varied by this present Act, shall be, and con-

tinue in full Force and Effect $ and that all and every Contract and Agreement which have already

been made in pursuance or by virtue of the said former Act, shall be, and the fame are hereby efta-

blished and confirmed.

XLI. And be it ftnther enacted. That the Charges and Expences of obtaining and paffinx this Act,

and attending all Contracts made in pursuance of the Execution of the Powers of the said former ” 10 be*

Act, and the Expences attending the several Applications to Parliament in the last Session, for Amend- ajr

ing the said former Act, shall be paid out of tnc First Monies to be raised by virtue of the said for-

mer or this present Act.

XLI I. And be it further enacted. That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Ptiblick Act, A#,

and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, and other Persons whatsoever* without

specially pleading th# fame.

cap. ix:

An Act to enable the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Confer-

vators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to borrrow upon

Bonds further Money, upon account of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said

Great Level; and for establishing a further certain Fund, for Payment of the Bonds

of the said Corporation, out of the said Middle and South Levels.

4 THE RE AS by an Act of Parliament, made in the Fifteenth Year of King Charles the Se-Praaibte.

4 VV cond, intituled, An At1 for settling the drainingof the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Aa 15 Car. II.

4 Level 5 it was (amongst other Things) enacted^ 44 That William then Earl of Bedford, and the^ ar^'“«

44 Adventurers and Participants of Francis Earl of Bedford, and the said Earl William, or either ofUwL

44 them, their Heirs and Assigns, in-such Manner as in the said Act is contained, should be a Body

44 Body Politick and Corporate, and have Succession for ever, by the Name of The Governor., Bailiffs,

44 and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens ; with Power to Jay

44 Taxes upon the Ninety-five thousand Acres alToted to them as a Recompence for draining the

44 said Great Level, (Twelve thousand Acres whereof had been defined and intended for His late

44 Majesty King Charles the First, and had been set forth by Bounds in Severalty) for the Support,

44 Maintenance, and Preservation of the said Great Level, and to levy the same, with Penalties for

44 Non-payment; and to do all other Things, in order to the Support, Maintenance, and Preserv*-

44 tion of the said Great Level, and Works made, and to be made, in such Manner as in the said Act

44 is mentioned: And whereas by another Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of King * II.

44 Charles the Second, intituled, An ASt for the taxing and ajfcjfing of the Lands of the Adventurers within

44 the Great Level of the Fens% it was enacted. That Eighty-three thousand Acres, Parcel of the said

44 Ninety-five thousand Acres, should, from Time to Time, be taxed and assessed by a gradual Acre-

44 tax of different Sorts and Values of Lands; and that the (kid Twelve thousand Acres, Residue of

44 the said Ninety-five thousand Acres, should be rated at a Medium of the whole Tax, to be from Time v

44 to Time assessed upon the said Ninety-five thousand Acres : And, to the End that the said

44 Eighty-three thousand Acres might be more equally taxed by a gradual Acre-tax, certain Per-

44 fons, in the fame Act. named, were appointed {Surveyors and Valuers of the said Eighty-three

44 thousand Acres ; and were, within the Time limited by the said Act, to digest the said Eighty-

* three thousand Acres into a Number of Sorts and Degrees, not under the Number of Severn

44 Sorts and Degrees, and to rate and tax such Degrees, and digest the fame into Sche-

44 dules, in Writing ; and to make Returns thereof, upon their Oaths, into the Fen-office, in such

44 Manner as by the said Act is prescribed : And whereas by Valuations, made by the several Persons

44 appointed by the said Act of the Twentieth of King Charles the Second, and duly returned into the

44 Office of the said Corporation in London, the said Eighty-three thousand Acres were set out and

4* diverted into Eleven different Sorts and Degrees of Land, and the several Sums to be rated and af-

44 felled upon each of the said Sorts and Degrees, as their respective Proportions of the Taxes to be

44 paid to the said Corporation, were, by the said Valuations, settled and limited; and the said Eighty-

44 three thousand Acres have always iince been taxed by a gradual Acre-tax, according to the Degrees

44 and Proportions to set out and allotted, and the said Twelve thousand Acres at a Medium of such

44 Tax: And whereas by another Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late

44 Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for discharging the Corporation of the Governor, Bai-

44 liffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bed-

44 ford Level, from a Debt due to the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln ; and for enabling the Propri-

44 etors of Lands in the North Level, Part of the said Great Level, to raise Money to dis charge the Proportion

44 of the said North Level in the Debts of the said Corporation ; and for eifccrtoining and appropriating the

M Taxes to be laid on the said North Level, and for the more effectual draining and pres r uing the said North

44 Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crow land, taking Notice, amongst other

44 Things, that, at a Court of the said Corporation, held the Tenth Day of March, One thousand

44 six hundred and ninety-seven, the said Corporation declared, that the several Parts of the said Great

44 Level should be distinguished by the several Names of The North Level, Middle LeveL and South Lt»

*+ vHt respectively; it was, amohgft other Things, enacted, That the said North Level, or the Lands,

U u a 41 Tenements,

