604 C. 69.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1772.

Penalty on Of-

ficers receiving

Fees above their

Salar.es*

•nAofthofe who HI. provided also, That no Person hereafter to be elected a Commissioner for the Purposes of this

Act, shall be capable of acting as such in the Execution thereof, unless he shall be, intis own Right,

or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents of Lands, Tenements, or

Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds, issuing and arising from Lands, Tene-

ments, or Hereditaments, situate, lying, or being within the Limits of this Act, and rated and

a defied for the Purposes thereof; or shall be refiaent within the Limits of this Act, and possessed

rmSSkd* °^» or to a Personal Estate, of the Value of One thousand Pounds : And if any Person,

ao ^laune * not being so qualified, shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, every

such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty .Pounds, together with

Full Costs of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the feme ; to be recovered in any

of His Majesty’s Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or In-

f formation, wherein no Eflbin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall

be allowed ; and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise

shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof given by the Prosecutor, than that such

NoCommissionerPerson prosecuted hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act: But no Person shall ia

of Profit*PltCe any ^a*c caPable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, during such Time as he

0 r0 * shall hold any Office, or enter into any Contract, or have any Share or Interest in any Contract by

virtue of this Act.

appointOfficcrf0’ IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or

’ any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, to appoint One or

more Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors, Surveyor or Surveyors, with

such Allowances as they shall judge reasonable; and also may, from Time to Time, appoint such other

andnu remove ®®ccr or Officers as they shall find necessary and convenient, and shall or may take Security from all

thei^an!la£?e such Persons for the due Execution of their respective Offices ; and may, from Time to Time, remove

point others; all or any of the said Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, and appoint others in the Room of

and allow them such of them as shall be so removed, or that shall die ; and the said Commissioners, or any Seven or

Salaries. more of them, shall and may, out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, pay such Salaries, and

make such other Allowances to such Officers and other persons so to be appointed, or who shall be any-

wife employed in the Execution of this Act, a3 they the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of

them, shall think fit: And in case any Treasurerj Clerk, Collector, Surveyor, or other Officer or Ser-

vant, which shall be appointed by the said Comissioners, shall exact, demand, take, or accept, any Fee*

or Reward whatsoever, other than such Salaries and Rewards as shall be appointed and allowed by such

Commissioners as aforesaid, for, or on account of any Thing done, or to be done, by virtue of this

(Act, or for forbearing to do any Thing ordered or directed to be done by the Commissioners, relating

to the Execution of this Act, or shall any way be concerned or interested in any Bargain or Contract,

qaade, or to be made, by such Commissioners, or any of them, for any of the Purposes of this Act,

every Person so offending shall for ever be incapable of being employed under this Act, and shall also

forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the feme,

by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record, within Six

Calendar Months next after the Offence committed, wherein no Protection, Eflbin, or Wager of Law,

. or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed,

the V* And be it further enacted. That the Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution, or any

cn, * Five or more of them, shall meet together at the Two Blue Posts in Tottenham-Court Road, in the said Pa-

ri(h, on the Thursday Seven-night after the patting of this Act, between the Hours of Ten in the Fore*

noon and Two in the Afternoon, and shall proceed to the Execution of this Act, and shall then, and*

from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themselves, and meet at the Place aforesaid, or at any other

Place or Places within the said Parish, as such Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think

For want of a proper or convenient, for putting this Act into Execution : And if it shall happen that there shall not

sufficient Num- appear, at any such Meeting, a sufficient Number of Commissioners to act, and to adjourn ; then, and

°^ten as happen, the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall appoint the said Commis-

tb«V Meeting.nC> fiuners to meet on that Day Seven-ni^ht, at the same Place at which such last Meeting was appointed

Commissioners to have been held, and the kid Commissioners shall, at all their Meetings, pay their own Ex-

to pay their own PenCCS.

Sixpences.

Proceeding* to te VI. And be it further enacted. That all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings, of the said Commissioners*

cmtercvi in a from Time to Time, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and shall be

n °w# u. signed by the Chairman at the next Meeting ; and all such Orders shall then be deemed and taken to

ResdinETi- Original Orders, and such Book or Books-(hall and may be produced and read in Evidence, in all

dence. ~ Courts whatsoever.

No Aa valid VII. Provided always. That no Act of the said Commissioners shall be valid, unless the Number of

tmlefi done at % Commissioners authorised to do such Act shall be present, and also unless the fame shall be done at

publick Meeting. forne Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, and confirmed at the next subsequent Meeting; but

all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to or veiled in the said Commissioners, shall and

may, from Time to Time, be exercised by the major Part of them who shall attend at any Meeting

to be hvdden as herein before mentioned ; and all Orders and Proceedings of the major Part of the

said Commissioners, as aforesaid, shall have the fa pc Force and Eftcftas if the feme had been done or

made by all the Commissioners for executing this Act*.

VIII. And

