102

Anno undecimo Georgii III,

Preamble.

From March

25th, 1-71,

Lunarks, the:i

Gua.'dians, Sc

C. 20.

A.D. 1771.

.The First S C HE DU L E to which this Act refers, containing an Account of the Ways and Streets to be

paved, widened, and repaired, exclusive of the Mile-ways.

THE Street or Way leading from Magdalen Bridge to East Gate, called Bridge Street.

The Street or Way called the High Street, leading from thence to Carfax.

The Street or Way leading from Carfax to the new Turnpike Road to Witney, called the Butcher Row.

The Street or Way leading from the High Street near All Souls College to Broad Street.

The Street or Way called Broad Street, and the Street or Way leading from thence to the North Side or

End of Baliol College.

The several Streets or Ways leading from the Roads on both Sides of Saint Giles's Church to Folly Bridge,

and which are commonly called Saint Giles's, the Corn Market, Fish Street, and Saint Toll's; or by what-

soever other Name or Names the said Streets or Ways, or any or either of them, is or are called or known.

The Second SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

IN order to make good and convenient Roads of sufficient Width to the East End of Magdalen Bridge,

to purchase such Houses, Buildings, Land, or Ground, near or adjoining to the Mile-ways there, as

shall be necessary for that Purpose.

In order to rebuild and widen Magdalen Bridge,

' To take down a Malt-house, or other Buildings, and the several Houses built upon or situate on the

South and North Sides of the said Bridge, and such other Buildings as shall be necessary for rebuilding the

said Bridge, and widening the Avenues leading thereto, and to purchase such Ground as shall be necessary

for carrying off the Water from the said Bridge.

In order to open the Bridge Street, from the Weft End of Magdalen Bridge to the East End of the High

Street, % . ,

To take down the House and other Buildings in the Physick Garden, and such other Houses, Buildings,

and Walls, near Magdalen College, as shall be necessary for that Purpose.

To take down the East Gate, and such Houses and Buildings near or adjoining to it, on the South and

North Sides of the said Street, and to purchase such Ground as shall be necessary to render the Street of an

equal Width with the High Street.

In order to open the Street near Carfax,

To take down Carfax Conduit.

Tn order to open Butcher Row Street,

To take down such of the Houses and Buildings near to Carfax Church, on the North and South Sides,

and also the Shambles in the Middle of the said Street, and purchase such Ground as shall be necessary for

widening the said Street.

In order to open the Street at the North End of the Corn Market,

To take down the North Gate, and so much of the Prison called Bocardo, and such Houses and other

Buildings on both Sides of the said Street, near Saint Michael's Church, and purchase such Ground as shall

be necessary to widen the said Street.

In order to widen the Street from North Gate to Saint Giles's^

To take down the Houses and other Buildings standing in the Middle of the Street on the North and

South Sides of Saint Mary Magdalen Church, together with the Pound near the said Church.

In order to widen the Street at the End of Broad Street,

To take down the Wall on the South Side of Baliol College, and take in such Part of the Garden as shall

be necessary.

CAP. XX.

An A£1 to enable Lunatics intitled to renew Leases, their Guardians and Committees, to

accept of Surrenders of Old Leases, and grant New Ones.

\T7TIEREAS by the Laws now in Force, Lunatics, or their Guardians or Committees, have not

4 W any Power or Authority, upon a Surrender of any Lease of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

4 for the Life or Lives of one or more PerLn or Persons, or for Terms of Years absolute or determinable

4 on the Death of one or more Person or Persons, to make a sure or effectual Renewal of such Lease or

4 Leases, which is frequently to the Detriment of such Lunatics and their Families, and always to the

4 Prejudice of the Person or Persons intitled to such Renewal Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most

Excellent IVLjtfty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament aifembted, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the

twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand (even hundred and seventy-one, in all Cafes where any Lunatic

is or shall be inrided, or has Right to renew any Lease or Leases made or granted, or to be made or granted,

for the Life or Lives of one or more Person or Persons, or for any Term or Number of Years, absolute or

determinable on the Death of one or more Person or Persons, or otherwise, it shall and may be lawful to and

for such Lunatic, or his or her Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, of his Estate, in his,

her, or their Name or Names, by the Direction of the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the

6 Lord

