Anno duodecimo-Gboroii- HI;

A. Di

ting Turret, &«. c

i» Jl. ,

tod far cutting

Soalt Dikes, &c

4 d. for trery

Foot*

icflly andximme4iately from tte Lands of,the, re(peftive.. 6tyndrTaf such Mill, 0ig, Engine, or other

Device,' into ¥ certiyi Brain called WTnttlcJey Dyke, every such Person (Kail, for^every such Offence,

forfeit and pay the SymoF Fifty Pounds to any Person who (hajfor will fuefor the^lame; and the Owner

of such Mill, Gig, or other Device, (hallalfo make full Compensation and Satisfat^iion to and every

I^rlon an^ Persons who shall be injured thereby, for the Damages such Person or Persons shall there-

by fuftai'nj and such Penalty, Compensation, aryl Satisfaction, shall be recovered, tpget her/with full

Goltt of Sdicty AdHon of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Iofortrtation, ip any of, His, Majesty's Courts of

Record at jYiftmnfler^ in which.no Eflbiri, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than Ope Imparlance,

(halite allowed. , , '

renuVty of cut- XXII; Arid wiieref$ the Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the said Three Districts or Di-

visions respectively frequently cut and dig up the fame for Firing, near the Banks of the Rivers

4 running through the fame, by which M« ans the Waters of the said Rivers soak through the said

4'Banks, to the great Prejudice of the Lands so intended to be drained *, in order therefore.to prevent

the fame for the future,5 f>e it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons

shall, from and after the passing of tin's Act, cut or dig any Turves, Hods, or Sefles, within the said

Three Districts or Divisions respectively, within the Distance of Sixty Feet from any Bank which now

is, or hereafter fnay be made by virtue of this Act, or the said former Act, every Person so offending

shall forfeit apd pay the Suh^ of Five Pounds for every Rood of such Turves, Hods, or Seiles, so cut

or digged as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall make, or cause to be made, any Soak Dike.

Ditch, or Soak Gripple, In or upon any of the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds, within the said.

Three Biftricts or Divisions respectively, within the Distance of Ninety Feet from the Banks of the

said River called JVbittlffey Dyke, or Old Bevies River, and Thirty Feet from any other Bank now.

made, or hereafter to be piade, within the said Three Districts or Divisions respectively, every such.

Person so offending, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence Four-pence, for every Foot in Length

off such Soak Dike, or Soak Gripple, and the Like Sum for every Month for which the fame shall be.

continued and the said Compvimpners for the said Three Districts or Divisions respectively, or any*

Five or more of therii^ are hereby authorised and impowered, at the Cost and Charges of the Owner

or Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers, of such Lands wherein such Soak Dik£ or Soak Gripple shall

be made, to fill up and level the fame; which said respective Forfeitures shall, upon. Conviction of

the Offender or Offenders,’ before any. One or more Justice or Justices of the i*eace for the said Isle of

Ely, not interested in the Premises, upon, the Oath of One or more credible W.icnefs or Witnesses,

(which Oath such Justice or Justices & and are hereby required and impowered to administer) be im-

mediately paid into* the Hands of the.Treasurer' of the Dilirict or Djvtfum where such Offence shall

be committed,' to be applied for the Improvement of the Works of such District or Division; and in

case of Non-paymeint thereof, such respective Forfei ures shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the

Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the Juf-.

tice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Conviftiun shall be made, and for Want of such luf-

ficient Distress, such Offender or Offenders shall by such Justice or justices be committed to the House

of Correction for the f*id lQe of Ely, there to be kept to hard Labour for such Time as such Justice

or Justices shall order ana direct, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until such Forfeiture

or Forfeitures shall bd paid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said respective Commission-

ers for the said Districts respectively, or any Five or more of them, shall cause all and every the Engines

and Mills already erected upon the said Three Districts, or any of them, by virtue of the said former

Act, or which shall be erected and employed by virtue of this Act, to be insured against Fire in some of

the publick Insurance Offices, and, from Time to Time, to pay the Expense attending such Insurance,

out of the Money arising from the said former or this Act.

XXIV. And oe it further enacted, Thar the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, may,

and they are hereby impowered, out of the Monies arising in or upon the said Districts respectively, to

make such Allowances for catching or destroying Moles or other Vermin in the Banks and Lands be-

longing to, or in the said Districts respectively, as they the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of

them, shall think proper.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Houses

Buildings shall be erected in any of the said Districts, without the Consent in Writing of Two-

Tneinei And

Mills may be in-

/bred.

For catching*

Mdes tnd Ver-

or

ao Poles of

ftiill.

To prevent

Buildings or w

Hohs being b«ilt thirds of the Commissioners acting for each of the said Districts or Divisions, and assembled at a

or planted within Meeting for that Purpose, or any other Obstruction whatsoev.er laid or placed, (except Stacks of Corn

Pnu. . or jn Yards already laid Out for that PurposeJ or Trees or Holts planted in the said Districts, or

on the Outside thereof, or any of them, within Forty Poles {being the Pole of Eighteen Feet) of

any Mill or Engine already built, erected or employed, or hereafter lobe built, erected or employed

for draining the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the said several Districts \ and if any

Person or Persons shall build or crcft any House, Barn, or other Building, or shall plant any Tree or

Holt, or place, lay, or put any other Obstruction within any less Distance than forty Poles of any

such Mill or Engine, (except with such Permission from the said Commissioners as before men-

tioned) every such Person (nail forfeit and pay, for every such House and Building, the Sum

of One hundred Pounds, to any*‘Person who shall sue for the same*; One Moiety thereof to be

% paid

