A.D. 1773* Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 7^,. 853

fame, shall be adjudged bytTwa indifferent Persons, the One to be named by the Owner of the

Land, and the other by the said Two Justices ; and if the Persons so to be nominated cannot agree

therein, they shall chulc some Third Pei fern to adjudge the fame, whose Determination {hall be final ;

and the Money at which such Damages shall be act’eifed shall be applied in making Satisfaction to the

Owner or Owners of the Land through which such new Footway {hall be made.

XXII. And be it further enacted. That if in any Parish, Townfilip, or Place, where any Highway justices to older

{hall be diverted and turned by virtue of this Ac!, it shall appear to the Justices who are hereby un*.<rcefl»ry

nuthorifed to view or inquire into the fame, that there are other Highways within such Parish, H-ghwaysube

Township, or Place, be Tides that so to be diverted and turned, which may, without Inconvenience to ^PP*1 UP*

the Publick, be diverted into such new Highway hereby authorised to be made, or into any other

Highway or Highways within such Parish, Townftrip, or Place, and the Charge of repairing such

Highway or Highways may ba thereby laved to such Pa/ifti, Township, or Place, it shall and may

be lawful for such Jullicts to order such Highway or Highways, which {hall appear to them unne-

ctflary, to be (topped up, and the Soil thereof fold, in such Manner, and subject to such Restrictions,

and such Right of Appeal to the Party or Parties aggrieved thereby, as are herein-before respectively

directed anJ given concerning the Highways, to be stopped up or inclosed.

XXIII. And be it further truck'd. That every Surveyor {ball and may, from Time to Time, give juftjeeson tn-

Information upon Oath to th. faiJ Justices, or any Two or more of them, of all such Highways, and formation of

of all BriJgcs, Ciufcways, or Pavements, upon such Highways, as are out of Repair, and ought to be Surveyor, may

repaired by any Person or Per ions. Bodies Politick or Corporate, by reason of any Grant, Tenure, order High ways#

Li• nitatioff^ Ilf Appointment, of any cfiarltable tLiilt, or oiacrwiie nowloever ; and the said lultices b^"

{lull limit a Time ror"repairing the lame, or whion Notice shall be given by the said Surveyor to the &c.robe

Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands or Tenements liable to the Burthen of such Repairs, or to such Kp.ired within 1

other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, as are chargeable with the fame; and if such a limited Tmcj

Repairs shall not be effectually nude within the Time so limited, the said Justices {hall, and are and 11 re*

hvreby required to present such Highways, Bridges, causeways, or Pavements, so out of Repair, to* ^Trimc'ma

gether with the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, liable to repair the fame, at the next parent them.*

Genera! Quarter Sections of the Peace for the Limit wherein such Highway {hall lie, and the Jus-

tices at such Quarter Sessions may, if they fee just Cause, direct the Prosecution to be carried on at the

general F.xpence of such Limit, anJ to ne paid out of the general Rates within the same.

XXIV. And be it further# nufted. That every Justice of Assize, Justices of the Counties Palatine justices of Af-

rf ChrjJrr, Larsajlcr, and Dmha:ny and of the G. cat Sections in JTalcsy shall have Authority by this fire and of the

Statute, upon his or their own View, aifd every justice of the Peace, either upon his own View, or Pejcr, &c. to

upon Information upon Qath to Ijm giveiTTjy any purveyor of the Highways, to make Presentment, wake Prefer*r-

at their rclpcdtive ATIivcs or Great beiirons, or in the open Ucneral Quarter Sessions, of such ic- ™"t$£C .out#

fpcdiive Limit of any Highway, causew; y, or Bridge, not well and sufficiently repaired and amended, Repair.

or of any other ILfiult or Offence committed and done contrary to the Provision and Intent of this

Statute ; and that all Defects in the Repair thereof shall be presented in such Jurisdiction where the

fix.a do lie, and not elsewhere ; and that no such Prcfentment, nor any Indictment for any such De-

fault or Offence, shall be removed by Certiorari, or otherwise, out of such Jurisdiction, till such In-

ciiciment or Piclent nent hr travel fed, and Judgement thereupon given, except where the Duty or

Obligation of repairing the said Highways, causeways, or Bridges, may come in Question ; and that

every such Prcfentment made by any such Justice of Assize, Counties Palatine, Great Sessions, or of

the Peace, upon his own View, or upon such Information having been given’to such Justice of the

Pea^c, upon the Oath of such Surveyor of the Highways, as aforesaid, mall be as good, and of the

fame Force, Strength, and Lftedt, in the Law, as if the fame had been presented and found by the

Oaths of Twelve Men ; and that for every such Default or Offence so presented, as aforesaid, the

Justices of Assize, Counties Palatine, and Great Sessions, at their respective Courts, and the Justices

of the Pence, at their General Quarter Sessions, shall have Authority to assess such Fines as to them

{hall be thought meet : Saving to every Person and Persons that {hall be affected by any such Present-

ment, his, her, or their lawful Traverse to the fame Prcfentment, as well with respect to the Fadt of

Nonrepair as to the Duty or Obligation of repairing the said Highways, as they might have had upon

any Indictment of th * fame, presented and found by a Grand Jury ; and the Justices of the Peace, at

their General Quarter Sessions, or the major Part of them, may, if they fcejult Cause, direct the Pro*

fecutions upon inch Presentments as shall be made at the Quarter Sessions, as aforesaid, to be carried

on at the general Lxpence of such Limit, and to be paid out of the general Rates within the same,

XXV. And be it further enacted. That the said Justices of the Peace, at any Special Sessions to |un;ref ma

be held by virtue of this Act, may, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, order and appoint those ccr wh» H;bh-

Highways, (not being Turnpike Road), which in their Opinion do moil want Repair within ttieir way«?flullbe

Jurisdiction, to be first amended, aitd at what Time, and in what Manner, the fame shall be amend- fuftrepaired,

ed ; according to which Order, if such there be, all and singular the reflective Surveyors of the said

Highways arc hereby required to proceed within their respective Liberties.

XXVI. And, for the better Convenience of Travellers, where several Highways meet, be it fur- DirectionToft*

ther enacted. That the said Justices,. at some Special Sessions to be held for the Purposes of this Act, whcieaodhoif

shall# issue their Precept to the Surveyor of the Highways for any Parish, Township, or Place, where tobceicded.

several Highways meet, and there is no proper or sufficient Direction Poit, or Stone, already fixed

or erected, requiting him forthwith to cause to be erected or fixed, in the most convenient Place

Vol. XI. * 5 R where

