I

A.D. 177 Anno deeimo tertio Georgii III. C. 3$, '05

Laws of this Kingdom, you shall duly execute according to your Knowledge, /$ utmost of your Power

endeavour to favour and maintain the true Inter ejl and Welfare of the said Company.

So help you GOD,

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every One of the said Committee-men of Committee-me*

the said Company for the Time being, before they be admitted to the Execution of their said re- to take an Oath,

spective Offices or Places of Committee-men, shall take the following Oath before any Two or more

of the said Proprietors, who are hereby impowered to administer the fame ;

JfO U swear to he faithful and true during the Time of your Place ofTrufl, as One bf the Committee-

men of the Company of Britishwrf/? Plate Glass Manufacturerr, and their Successors ; the good Estate of c Ual

the Adventurers in this prefait Joint Stock you JhalU us far as you are able, favour and preserve, and the

Privileges granted to them to the utmof of your Powor endeavour to maintain.

So help you GOD.

XI. And, to the End that all Matters and Things to be done and carried on by virtue and Autho- General Meet-

rity of this AS puy be the more regularly carried into^ Execution, be it enacted by the Authority ingtobehcld

aforesaid. That there (lull be One annual General Meeting of all the said Proprietors on the Second wnnally.

IVednefdiy in March in every Year for the future, at some convenient Place for that Purpose to be

appointed, at or after the Hour of Eleven in the Forenoon, at which said annual General Meeting

the Proprietors assembled shall chuse a Governor and Deputy-governor of the said Company, and also

Five or more Person*, each of whom shall be for the Time being a Proprietor of One or more Shares

in the said MmufaSory, to be a Committee or Committees, to assist in managing the Affairs of the

said Company of Proprietors, in such Manner as is herein direSeJ, arid 3s shall, from Time to Time,

be ordered by any such annual General Meeting or by apy Special General Meeting, to be held as

hertin-after mentioned, the said Governor arid Deputy-governor always to be Members of such

Committee or Committees ; and the said Governor and Deputy, and Committee-men, shall serve

and continue in their respective Offices and Places for One whole Year next ensuing their respective

Elections, or until others shall be eleSed and appointed in their Room.

XU. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time it shall appear to

any Five or more Proprietors, that, for the more effectually putting this Act in Execution, an oc-

‘cafional General Meeting of Proprietors shall necessary to be field, the Governor, Deputy-governor,

or any Three or more of the said (£ominittee, £11 Request made in Writing- by the said Five Proprie- * ,

tors to the said. Governor, iDeputy-governor, or Comfipttee-mep, shall, cause Notice to be given-

thereof in the Lon Ion Gazette> or in such other Mariner as the said Proprietors, their Successors or

Assigns, shall at any General Meeting direct or appoint, declaring in such Notice the Place where

and the Time when such Meeting is to be held, the fame to be held within One Month from and

after such Notice given ; and like wife specifying in every such Notice the Reason for and Intention of

such Meetings respectively; and the Proprietors are hereby authorised to meet pursuant to such No-

tice, and proceed to the Execution of the Powers by this Act given them \ and every Ad of the Pro-

prietors, or the major Part of them, at such Meetings assembled, shall be as valid to all Intents and

Purposes as if the fame had been done at an annual General Meeting, held in Manner herein-before

appointed. ^ '

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Committee so to oe

chosen as aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time, be subjedito the Examination and Controul of the

said annual or occasional General Meetings of the said Proprietors as aforesaid, and shall pay due

Obedience to all such Orders and Directions, in and about the Premires, as they shall from Time to

Time receive from the said Proprietors, at any such General Meetings j such Orders and Directions

not being contrary to any express Directions or Provisions in this Act contained. ‘

XI V. And it is hereby further enacted. That in case the Governor, Deputy-governor, or any of Covernon, Sec.

the Committee-men for the Time being, shall happen to die or rengn his Office or Offices, before dying, other* to

the Expiration of the said Year for which he or they shall be so, elected ; that then, and from J*c*°reoi

thenceforth, it shall and may be; Lawful to and for the said Governor, or Deputy-governor, or any

Three of the Committee, to summon and call together a General Meeting of the Proprietors afore-

said, and then and there to chuse into the Place, or. Places of him or them To dy ing or resigning One

or more other fit Person or Perform, as. th^ Cafe may happen, to continue in their respective Offices or

Places, during the Remainder of such Year. , t

XV. And.be it further cpaded.by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First General Meeting* tcu

Meeting hereby appointed as aforesaid, all and every the General Meetings of the said Company, called by c^-r-

hereby established, shall be, from Time to Time, called and summoned by the Order of the said Go- ®ors»

vernor or Deputy-governor, or any Three or, more of the Committee for the Time being $ at all

which General Meetings before-mentioned the Governor for the Time being shall be present, or, in <n*

his Absence, the Deputy-governor for the Time being, and in case of Equality of Votes or Voices,

shall have a calling Voice.

XVI. Provided

t^oooole

