Anno undecimo Georgii III*

3*3

A.D. 1771.

a 54.

and abide the Order, ind pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the said Justices 5 and the Matter of such

Appeal shall be heard and determined by the said Justices at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace,

to be held in and for the said County or Liberty, or any Adjournment thereof, or at any Adjournment or

the then last General Sessions of the Peace in and for the said County or Liberty, which shall first happen

next after the Expiration of one Month from the Day of giving such Notice ; and the said Justices, at such

Sessions or Adjournment, upon due Proof of such Notice being given, and of the entering into such Recog-

nizance or Recognizances, {hall hear and finally determine the causes and Matter of such Appeal in a sum-

mary Way, and award such Costs for the Appellant or Appellants, or Respondent or Respondents, as they

the said Justices {hall think proper; and the Determination of such Justices {hall be final, binding, and

conclusive, to and upon all Parties concerned or interested therein.

LXXXVI. Provided always. That upon all Appeals from any of the Rates or Assessments to be made or Just’ce* to

impolcd by the Authority of this Act, the Justices of the Peace (where they {hall fee juftCause for Relief; meni Rate* ar*

Hull, and arc hereby impowered to amend the fame Rates and Assessments, in such Manner only as {hall

be necessary for giving Relief to the Persons so appealing, without altering such Rates or Assessments with Rates!

refoeft to any other Persons mentioned in the fame.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any proceeding not

Offtnder or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or any other Matter or Thing to be done or to be quafoed fur

transacted, in or relating to the Execution of this A ft, {hall be vacated orquashed for want of Form, or be want of Form

removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Re- oniy#

cord at H eft mi njier 5 any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted. That no Action or Suit {hall be brought, commenced, or prose- Limitation of

cuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless thirty Days Notice Actions,

thereof shall be first given in Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, signed by the

Plaint’fF or Plaintiffs, or unless the fame {hall be commenced before the Expiration of six Months next after

the Fast committed, or unless Tender of reasonable Amends hath not, or shall not have been made by or t

on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, nor unless such Action or Suit shall be '

laid and brought in the County of Middlesex\ and the Defendant or Defendants, in any Action or Suit to

be commenced for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, shall and may plead the General issue, and General Ifluer

give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the Matter

or Thing for which such Action or ^uit shall be brought, was done in pursuance, and by the Authority of

this Act: And if such Matter or Thing shall appear to have been Co done, or if it shall appear, that such

Action or Suit was brought before thirty Days Notice thereof was given in Writing to the Clerk or Trea-

surer of the f«»id Commissioners. signed by the Plaintiff*or Plaintiffs; or if -it shall appear, that such Action

or Suit was not commenced before the Expiration of six Months next after the Fast committed ; or if it

(half anpear that Tender of reasonable Amends was made by or in Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants in

such Action or Suit, before such Action or Suit was commenced or brought, or such At :ion or Suit shall be

brought in any other County or Place than the County of Middlesex^ that then the Jury shall find for the

Dee ndant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited,

or discontuiue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants (h 11 have appeared, or

if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff*or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defen-

dants {hall, and may recover Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the fame, as any Defendant or Treble Costs*

Defendants hath or have in other Cafes by Law.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted. That this Act {hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Pub- Public Art.

lie Act; and shall he judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whom-

ever, without specially pleading the same.

Vgl.XI*

S f

CAP.

