224 C. 37. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Monies ralfcd XLV. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Monies, raised or collected by virtue, or by means, or

verted in the Uncjer the Authority of this Act, shall be, and the fame are hereby veiled in the said Commissioners : And

toTe^he"^ Monies, raised or collected by virtue of this Act, {hall be applied for the Purposes of this Act, and to

for the Fuiyofes and for no other Use or Purpose whatever.

ofth sAft. XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the Charges and Expences of procuring and

Expences of this passing of this Act shall be paid out of the first Monies which shall be raised by virtue of this Act.

Aaid’ howto be XLVil. And it is hereby further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commis-

Penllties may sioners, or any three or more of them, from time to time, to compound and agree with any Person or Per-

he mitigated/ fons, against whom the said *Commissioners shall bring, or caule to be brought, any Action or Actions,

Suit or Suits, for any Penalty or Penalties contained in any Contraft or Contrafts hereafter to be entered

into, on account of any Breach or Non-performanceof any such Contraft or Contrafts, for such Sum or Sums

of Money as they, or any three or more of them, shall think proper; and also to mitigate, compound, or

lessen any other the Forfeitures incurred under this Act, so as the Sums so compounded and agreed for be

not less than the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Non-performance of such Contraft or Con-

tracts, and all the Cods, Charges, and Expences, which shall beoccafioned thereby,

justices of the XLVIII. And it is hereby further enacted. That every Commissioner who is or shall be a Justice of the

Peace, where not peace> may, and is hereby impowered to act as a Justice of Peace in all Cafes relating to this Act, notwith-

(landing his being a Commissioner, except in such Matters or Things as he shall be personally interested in-

lioners. * XLIX. And it is hereby further enacted. That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed (the

Penalties and Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and

Forfeitures how recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand of any

to be recovered, one of the Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offender shall dwell; which Warrant

such Justice is hereby impowered and required to grant, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or

upon the Information of any one or more credible Witneis or Witnesses upon Oath : And the Penalties

and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, to the Party or

Parties whose Goods shall be so distrained and fold, (the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first de-

dufted) shall be paid to the Collector or Clerk to the said Commissioners for the time being, and be applied

towards the Purposes of this Act: And in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and

Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby

authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed

to the common Gaol of the County, therein to continue for a Time not exceeding two Months, unlefo

such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

justices may ad- L. And it is hereby further enacted, That in all Cafes where Cognizance is given to any Justice or Juf-

minister Oaths, tices of Peace by this Act, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to administer an Oath to any Person

or Persons, for his or their more certain Information in the Matters then depending.

Books to be kept LI. And it is hereby further enacted. That a Book or Books shall be prepared and kept by the said Corn-

er entering missioners, or by such Person or Persons as they, or any three or more of them, shall appoint, wherein

Karnes' entered, from time to time, the Names of such Persons as they shall nominate and appoint

’ ’ to put in Execution the Purposes of this Act, and Copies of all Orders and Proceedings relating thereto;

and also an Account of what Monies have been assessed, raised, levied, and paid, by virtue of this Act,

which maybe and how the fame shall have been applied ; which Book or Books all Persons contributing to the said Rates

mfpe&ed gratis. or Aftefl'ments, may, at all convenient Times, peruse and inspect without Fee or Reward.

Commissioners, LII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Commissioners and Inhabitants shall, at all their

the*ir'lfnEx. Meetings under this Act, pay and defray their own Expences.

pences." * LIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Nomination, Contraft, Bond, Warrant, Judgement,

Writings &c. or ot^er Writing whatsoever, signed by any Commissioner or Commissioners, their Treasurers, Collectors,

ret to becharg- or Clerks, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or signed by any other Person or Per-

edwithstamp- fons whatsoever, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be charged or chargeable with any Scamp-

duty* duty whatsoever.

Reservation, LIV. Saving and reserving to the City of Edinburgh all Jurisdictions, Commodities, Rights, and Privi-

leges, competent and belonging to them within the several Districts mentioned in this Act, in the lame

Manner as the City and Community now have and enjoy, or might enjoy the fame.

Public Act. LV. And it is hereby further enacted, That this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts of Justice

as a Public Act ; and all Judges, Justices, and others, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such,

% without the fame being specially pleaded.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act: to prohibit the Exportation of Live Cattle, and other Flefli Provisions, from Great

Britain, for a limited 1 ime.

Preamble.

From the paf-

hereof, no

Person shall

U\ujlport from

c T T 7 HEREAS it has been found expedient to permit the free Importation of Live Cattle, and other

c W Provisions into this Kingdom for a limited Time, and the Benefit thereby intended will be en'irtly

c frustrated if the Exportation of such Cattle and Provisions from this Kingdom into Foreign P..rts is not

* restrained Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent M jelly, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefeiu Parliament aikmnkd, and

by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this net, no Person or Persons whatsoever

z shall,

