3 $ a C. 23.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A.D.

#od five Dif-

cfarfes

/ummoned for

that Purpose ;

and make a DU

Vtdend wiihin

Three Months ;

first making up

and the rest of the Creditors of every such Prisoner *r and to give Dischargp and Discharges to any Debtor

or Debors of any such Prisoner, as shall be requisite: And every Assignee and Assignees shall, with all

They are to get convenient Speed after his or their accepting any such Assignment or Conveyance, use his and their best

SrceiMhe Estate Endeavours to receive and get in the Estate and Effects of every such Prisoner; and shall, with all con-

cr.d EBeflsof venient Speed, make Sale of all the Estates of such.Prisoner vetted in such Assignee or Assignees; and if

the iTifoner, any such Prisoner shall be interested in, or in titled to, any Real Estate, either in Possession, Reveriton,

and make Sale, Gr Expedancy, the fame, within the Space of Two Months after every such Assignment and Oonvey-

1 f prU ance' ke bY publick Auction in such Manner, and at such Place, as the major Part of the

foncrViteal Creditors of any such Prisoner who shall aflemhle together on any Notice in Writing published' in the

Ertate, in Mar .'London Gazette, or in some Daily Paper, if the Prisoner before his going to Goal re fid ed in Londoor in

rcragreed upon the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and if elsewhere, then in some Newspaper which shall be published in

at a Meeting of er near the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty^or Place, in which fuch Prisoner dwelt before

the Creditors hc or f^c was committed to Gaol, Thirty Daye before any such Sale shall be made, shall, underffiis Hand,

or their Hands, agree on: And every such Assignee and Assignees, at the End of ThreeMontha at farthest

from the Time of his accepting any such Ash^nment or Conveyance as aforesaid, shall make ajutt and fair

Dividend of all such Prisoner's Estates and Lffeda which shall have been then got in amongst his or her

Creditors, in Proportion and in Regard to^ach Creditor's respective Debts; but before any such Dividend

their Accounts made, such Assignee or Assignees shall make up an Account of such Pri Toner’s Estate; and make

and verifydngthc Oath in Writing before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division,.

fame upon Oath. Town, Liberty, or Place, in which any such Prisoner shall have been discharged, that every such Account

30 Days Notice contains a just 2nd fair Account of Estate and Effects of every such Prisoner got in by or for such,

to be given of Assignee or Assignees, and of all Payments made in respect thereof, and that all Payments in every such

Acou-nt charged, were truly and borui fide made and paid; and Notice of the making of every such Di->

node to’recrive v>dcnd shall be published in like Manner as a Meeting of Creditors is herein before directed to be pub—

any. Share there- lished, Thirty Days at feast befonr.the fame shall bre made;. and no Creditor shall be. allowed to receive

«*f but such as' any Sliar^ of such Dividend, until he shall have made out the Justness and Identity of his respective

flnlt prove ththr £)ebt by Oath, or due Proof in- Writing, before some such Justice or ]uftices: And if any Creditor of -

Dcb such Prisoner shall be dissatisfied with the Reality of Faimefs of any Debt chimed by any other Creditor,.

then the fame, at the Request of any such Creditor or Creditors so diUatisfied, shall be examined into by

the Justices of the County, Riding, Division* City, Liberty, or Place, in (which such Prisoner shall

have been discharged, at their next General or General Quarter Sefiiou, and what they shall there de-

termine in the Premises, shall be conclufivcto all Parties: And if, after Payment of all such Prisoner's

Pri^De.TEstate Creditors, there shall any of his Estate and Effects remain after Payment of all reasonable Charges, tho.

after satisfying ^ hme shall be paid to such Prisoner, his Executors or Administrators.

ai 1 Claims there-

on to go to tht -Prisoner. ‘ 1

Dcb’S.

DebiB entered,.

10 be examined

into and deter-

mined by the-

Court.

No Suit in

Equity to i>e

commenced,

but by Con-

sent of the

MaintUy in (

Value of the

XIII. Provided further, and be it also enacted, That no Suit in Equity shall be commenced by any

Assignee or Assignees of any such Prisoner’s Estate and Effects, without the Consent of the major Part

in Value of the Creditors of such Prisoner, who shall meet together pursuant to a Notice to be given ia

the London Gazette for that Purpose.

Creditors.

Clerk. of the

Peace to ex-

hibit to the Cre-

ditor,.or his At*

torney, upon

Payment of i s.

the Schedule of

the Prisoner's

Estate and £f-

fish.

Attested Copy

thereof to be

granted, which

ihali be Evidence

in all Courts.

Clrrk of the

Peace refuting to

produce such

Schedule or to

deliver a Copy

thereof, or tak-

ing exorbitant)

Fees for the

(any-,

XIV. And be it further enacted by> the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the Peace, Town1

Cl cik, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace of every respective County, City, and County Town,

and County Riding, Division, Cinque Port, Liberty, and Place, with whom any Schedule of the Estates

of any Insolvent Debtor or Debtors, Fugitive or Fugitives, shall be left, and his Successors, Clerk of the

Peace, Toyvn Clerk, or other Officer, acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, shall,-on the reasonable

Request of any Creditor or Creditors of such Insolvent Debtor or Debtors, F'ugitive or Fugitives, or

his or their Attorney, produce and shew to such Creditor or Creditors, or his or thuir Attorney, in the

Day-time, the Schedule of the Estates of any such Insolvent Debtor or Debtors, Fugitive or Fugi-

tives, which shall be left with any such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as

Clerk of the Peace, or his Predccessor in that Office; the Person so requiring to fee and peruse any such

Schedule paying or rendering, to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as

Clerk, of the Peace, in whole Custody any such Schedule shall be, or his Deputy, the sum of

One Shilling for his Trouble in searching for, and looking out, such- Schedule, and attending

whilst the fame shall be perused by the Party or Parties requiring to have the fame looked out,.,

and to peruse the fame: And that a true Copy of every such Schedule, signed by the Clerk of the

Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, in whose Custody the fame

shall be, or his Deputy, purporting the fame to be a true Copy of such Schedule, without be-

ing wrote on Stampt Paper, and for which Copy- no more shall be paid than Sixpence by

the Sheet, each Sheet to contain Seventy-two Words, and so in proportion fora lei's Number of

Words in any Sheet, shall, at all Times, be admitted in all.Courts whatsoever as legal Evidence of the

fame: And if any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk

of the Peace, shall, on reasonable Request as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to produce to any such Creditor

or Creditors as aforesaid, or his or their Attorney, any such Schedule as aforesaid, and to permit the

fame to be inspected as aforesaid, in the Day-time, on such Payment or Tender as aforesaid being made,

to him i or shall ask or take more than after the Rate of Sixpence by the Sheet, each Sheet to contain

3 Seventy-

