Si* C. 63. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773»

All the Laws XVIII. And be it hereby declared and enabled by the Authotity aforesaid, That all the Laws now

now inbemR for jn being, for the due making of Bread, or to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, or to punish Per-

Trier of Bread f°ns who adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread, do and shall stand and remain in full Force, in the

&c. to remain m Whole, and every Part thereof, not altered by this present Act.

fall Force.

Where the Chief XIX. And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether by the said Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year

Magistracy of a Qf t^e Reign of His iate Majesty King George the Second, where the Chief Magistracy of any Borough

vdtedIn Two or Corporation lies and is veiled in Two Bailiffs, One of the said Bailiffs, in the Absence of the

Bailiffs, one of other, is, by the said Act, authorised and impowered to set an Assize on Bread ; be it enacted by the

them may set an Authority aforesaid, That in such Boroughs and Corporations, One of the said Bailiffs in the Ablente

Aihxcon Bread. of the other, {hall be authorised and impowered to set an Assize on Bread, under the said Act, or this

Act, and to do all other Matters and Things therein and hereby directed for setting the fame.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of

the Eajt India Company, as well in India as in Europe.

Preamble. c \\T HEREAS the several Powers and Authorities granted by Charters to the United Com-

4 VV pany of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies have been found, by Experience, not

4 to have sufficient Force and Efficacy to prevent various Abuses which have prevailed in the Govern-

4 ment and Administration of the Affairs of the said United Company, as well at Home as in Indiay

4 to the manifest Injury of the Publick Credit, and of the Commercial Interests of the said Company;

4 and it is therefore become highly expedient that certain further Regulations, better adapted to their

4 prefenr Circumstances and Condition, should be provided and established : And whereas the eleding

4 and chusing of Directors of the said United Company every Year, in such Manner as at present

4 prescribed by Charter, has not answered the good Purposes intended thereby, but, on the contrary,

4 by limiting the Duration of their Office to so lhort a Time, evidently tends to weaken the Autho-

4 rity of the Court of Directors, and to produce Instability in the Councils and Measures of the said

4 Company May it therefore pleafi; Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by

the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Atthencxten- Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

fu ng geiVral That at the next ensuing General Election of Directors of the said United Company, instead of an

Fleftion, in- Election of Twenty-four Directors to serve for the Space of One Year only, there shall be chosen, itr

flejd of 24, such Manner and Order as the Directors of the said United Company for the Time being shall ap-

1 h*?- Six Directors expressly for the Term of One Year, and Six other Directors for the Term of

rectors for ihc Two Years, and Six other Directors for the Term of Three Years, and the remaining Six Directors

Term or*One for the Term of Four Years, and not otherwise ; and from thenceforth yearly and every Year, and at

Year j 6 for the Expiration of each and every of the said Terms respectively, Six new Directors, and no more, shall

Yao Years j 6 pe chosen, from Time to Time* in the Place of such Directors whose Term shall have expired, and

6°f 1Y^5- who are hc,eby declared incapable of being then rechofen ; and at every subsequent Election, during

and so hereafter * tbc Continuance of the Charter of the said United Company, Six new Directors shall be chosen, and

yearly, shall continue to be Directors for the Term of Four Years, and no longer, to be accounted from the

D »y on which the Election of such Directors was respectively made ; and in case the Office and Autho-

rity cf any such Dircdor shall become void by Death, Removal, or otherwise, another shall be

chosen from Time to Time in his Place, to serve as a Director during the Remainder of such Term

for which the Person whose Office shall have become void was chosen, and no longer.

No rerfon cm* II. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, employed in any Civil

ployed in any or Military Station, Office, or Capacity whatsoever, in the East Indiesy or claiming or exercising any

,Wr* Authority, or Jurisdiction therein, shall be capable of being appointed or chosen into the

cholen*into the Dircdor, until such Person or Persons shall have returned to and been resident in England for

Cfoce cf D.re«- the Space of Two Years ; any Law or Usage to the Contrary notwithstanding.

toi imrii Ik shall

ivturn, ar.d be refUeiu in England for Two Years.

All Transfers

ir.aie in a collu-

liwc Manner, to

qualify Voters at

tieftujr.s j

III. And whereas it has been found, that the Provision made by the Charter of the Tenth Year

of the Reign of King Willi cm the Third, under which, Persons possessed of Five hundred Pounds

Stock arc intitled to vote in General Courts, has been productive of much Inconvenience in the pre-

lent Situation of the Company, and ten;'? to 'promote the mischievous Practice of making collusive

Transfers, which Practice hath not been fuffirientiy prevented by the Provision made by an Act of

the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, whereby the Right of voting is limited to Persons

having been Six Calendar Months in Poliession of their Stock ; be it further enacted, That all Trans-

fers of Stocks uhatsoever mr.de to any Person or Peru.ns, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner, on

Purpose to qualify him, her, or them, to give his, rcr, or their Vote or Votes, at any Election of

Members of the Court of Directors, or in any Gcncial Court of the said United Company, (fuhjcd

nevertheless to Conditions or Agreements, cither Verbal or in Writing, to defeat or determine such

'i rangers, or to retransfer or return the fame], Iftall be deemed and taken against those Persons

who

