23

8 C.

43-

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1771

to ailing

Guardians*

\ General

C.- inp to Se

ielJ on Tuesday

0 Week

■r.?r!y for eledi-

ng Guardians.

Proviso#

S m»l 1 Par lilies

to j*>in in te-

turning Ripjc-

feotaii ves.

P‘tenors ani

af'ir p Ouvitc’nns

to makt Orders.

Fif«eea to be

prel- nt.

0"artu!y Meet-

said Isle of Height) and the Clerk for the time being of the said Guardians {hall give at least six Weeks pre-

vious Notice of the Time and Place of such General Meeting, by causing Notices thereof in Writing to

be affixed at the principal Door of the several Parish Churches in the said lfiand, to the Intent that the

several Persons affclkd to the Poor within their said several Parishes may afibmble and meet at their several

and respecllve Parish Churches, at such Day and Time as shall in such Notice he expressed, not later than

three Weeks after the time of giving such Notice, in order to proceed to the Election of such Number of

Pc; fons, qualified as Guardians, resident in such Parish, (if so many can be there found, if not, any Per-

son or Perions qualified as aforesaid, out of such Parish) as shall be in the Proportion of one Guard-ian for

every sixty Pounds which such Parish shall then be aifefied to the Poor, the Names of which Guardians so

elected shall, by the Churchwarden or Churchwardens of the said several and respective Parishes, be set

down in Writing, and delivered or transmitted to the Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being of the said

Corporation, at least ten Days before the Day fixed for such General Meeting; at which said General

Meeting the said Directors shall set down in Writing such Number of Guardians as shall, out of the Num-

ber of thirty-six acting Guardians, to be elected as herein-after mentioned, be the just and proper Number

of Guardians to be allotted as Representatives or Representative of each such Parish, in proportion to the

Sum aliefied upon each such Parish as aforesaid ; and thereupon the said Directors and Guardians present

at such General Meeting shall, beginning with the said several Parishes in an alphabetical Order, elect by

Ballot, out of the whole Number of Guardians so returned by each respective Parish, such Number to be

the acting Guardian or acting Guardians for such Parish as shall be so set down by the said Directors, to be

the proper Proportion of such Parish, in the said Number of thirty-six Guardians; which said thirty-six

Guardians so elected, shall be and continue acting Guardians, until such new succeeding adding Guardians

shall be elected in their Place and Stead, on the Tucjday in Easter Week then next following, as herein-

after diridted, and not longer.

XXII. And be it further enacted. That after the said General Meeting for eledting such thirty-six acting

Guardians shall be had, a like General iVIeeting shall be held on the Tucjday in Easter Week in every Year,

for electing thirty-six other Guardians in the Place and Stead of the acting Guardians of the preceding

Year, in order to which annual Election such Number of Guardians shall be elected in Manner aforesaid, N

by the said several Parishes, on the first Alonday in the Month of March in every Year, and be, in like

Manner, transmitted by the Churchwarden or Churchwardens of the several and respective Parishes where

such Election is to be made to the Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being of the said Corporation, at

leaf! ten Days before the said General Meeting, when the said Directors and Guardians there assembled

shall proceed (in such Form and Manner as before is directed to be observed at the said first General Meet-

ing for eledting the adding Guardians) to elect the thirty-six acting Guardians for a Year then commencing,

and to end the Tucjday in Easter Week in the Year following.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Parish or Parishes shall neglect: or

refuse to make out and return a List of Persons to be acting Guardians in Manner before directed, that

then it shall and mav be lawful to and for the Directors and acting Guardians present at the said General

Meeting to proceed/ by way of Ballot, to the Choice of one or more Person or Persons qualified as afore-

fai.l, either rifident in or living out of such Parifil or Parishes, to be the Representative or Representa-

tives of such Parifil or Pari files so neglecting or refilling to make out and return such Lift or Lilts as

aforesaid.

XXIV. Provided always, and he it further enacted, That if the Assessment upon any Parish within the

said lfiand shall be so final! as not to intitle such Parish to be represented by one of the said thirty-iix acting

Guardians, every such Parish shall join and act wi'h such contiguous Parish or Parishes as the Directors

shall fee fitting, or by the Notice or Notices to be given to such Parifil or Paiifiies of the said first General

Meeting for t l-Tting the said thirty-six Guardians, shall be directed, as well in eledting of the said Guar-

dians to he returned to the said Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Corporation, previous to the said first

General Meeting, as also at every future Election of Guardians for the fame Purpose, until the said Direc-

tors and acting Guardians for the time being shall fee cause to join the fame with some other Parish or Pa-

rifhes for greater Convenience, which they shall have Power to do as they shall Ice Occasion.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Directors and acting Guar-

dians for the time being shall have, and they are hereby declared to have, full Power and Authority to make,

from time to time, such Bye-laws, Rules. Orders, and Constitutions, as well for the better governing the

said Corporation, as for the better governing, employing, and supporting the said poor Pei fons in the said.

lfiand, and for the carrying on any Trade that shall be set on Foot for the Employment of the said Poor,

and for other the Ends and Purposes of this Act; and from time to time, afterwards, to repeal, alter, or

amend such Bye-l.iws, Rules, Otders or Constituiions, as to them the said Directors and acting Guardians

shall firm meet, lb that such Bye-laws, Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, are not repugnant to the Law's

of the Laud.

XXVI. Provided always, That not less than fifteen of the said Directors and acting Guardians together

(five of which Number at least to be Directors) shall be present at every Meeting, for the Purpose of mak-

ing Bye-laws, Rules, Orders, or Constitutions ; and the major Part of the said Directors and acting

Guardians then present (of which major Part five at the least to be Directors) shall give their A fieri t to

such Bye-laws, Rule's Orders or Constitutions, and that no such Bye-laws, Rules, Orders or Constitu-

tions ftnll be deemed valid until they have been approved and confirmed by a Judge of AfTize.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That after such Directors and acting Guardians shall be chosen as

aforesaid, the said Directors and acting Guaulians shall hold four General Quarterly Meetings in every

Year, on the four several Days follovving; (that is to say) The Tucjday in Eajicr Week, the Tucjday next

4 alter

