S6

Old Road may

be fold.

Application of

the Money arif-

ing by such Sale.

Expencei of the

Juries and Wit-

oeflei how to be

paid.

Part of St. Cle-

ment’s Church-

yard may be

taken into the

Road

A temporary

Road and Bridges

may be erected.

Perrons malici-

oufly damaging

the Bridges or

Works belong-

ing to them*

guilty of Felony.

Comtniflioneri

may fell old

Pavement and

other Materials.

C. 19. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 177x.

Part of the said Mile-ways, Roads, or Streets, for ever after, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair, by

such Ways, Means, and Methods, and in all Respects in such Manner as the fai<J (Jommillioners, or any

nine or more of them, shall think fit and expedient: And in case any Part of the Land constituting the

former Roads comprised within this Act, shall become useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of a com-

mon or public Highway, the fame shall be veiled in, and shall and may be exchanged or sold by the said

Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, for the best Price that can be gotten for the fame; and the

Money arising by such Sale shall be applied and disposed of for the repairing of the said Road, and other

the Purposes of this Act; and the Conveyance to be made of such Land being executed by the said Com-

missioners, or any nine or more of them, and inrolled with the Clerk of the reace for the said County of

Oxford, shall be good and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Jury or Juries to be

summoned and sworn pursuant to the Authority of this Act, shall give in and deliver a Verdict or AfielP-

ment for more Monies, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for the Right, Interest, or Property, of any Per-

son or Persons, in any such Houses, Gates, Shambles, Buildings, Grounds, or Estates, than what shall

have been agreed to, and offered by the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, before the

summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses concerning the ascertaining and determining the Value

of any such Right, Property, or Interest, in any such Premises, all the Expences attending the hearing

and determining the fame shall be borne and paid by the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of

them, out of the Monies to be collected by virtue of this Act; but if any Jury or Juries, so to be sum-

moned and sworn as aforesaid, shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more, or for less

Monies than shall have been agreed to, and offered by the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of

them, (before the summoning and returning the said Jury or Juries) as a- Recompence or Satisfaction for

any such Right, Interest, or Property, in any such Premises, that then the fullCofts and Expences of

summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing

and determining such Difference, shall be borne and paid by the Person or persons with whom the said

Commissioners (nail have such Controversy or Dispute; which said Costs and Expentes the Justices, in their

Quarter Sessions to be held in and for the said County of Oxford, shall have Power to tax, settle, and

ascertain, for the Benefit of either Party, who shall eventually be intitled to the fame, and shall be either

added to or deducted out of the Consideration to be paid for such Purchase.

4 XXXV. And whereas the Church-yard of the Parish of St. Clement aforesaid is so inconveniently

4 situated, as to render the Road veiy narrow, incommodious, and dangerous to Travellers, and it may

4 therefore become necessary and expedient, in the Execution of this Act, to take away and lay open Part

4 thereof;’ Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or

any fifteen or more of them, according to their Discretion, to take in and lay open such Part of the said

Church-yard as shall be thought necessary to be laid open and allotted to the said public Road, they the

said Commissioners, in case they shall take in and lay open any Part of the said Church-yard, purchasing

(which they are hereby impowered to do) out of the Monies arising from the said Tolls, and making an

Allotment of Ground adjacent to the said present Church-yard, at least one third more in Quantity than

what shall be so taken away; which Ground so to be purchased by the said Commissioners for the Purposes

aforesaid, shall be thereafter used as a Church-yard or Burying-ground for the said Parish of St. Clement,

and shall be vested, by virtue of this Act, in the Rector of the said Parish, and his Successors; and he and

they shall be seised thereof, as in his and their Demesne, as of Fee, in Right of the Parish Church of Su

Clement aforesaid; and shall have and be intitled to such Burial or other Fees (if any) in respect thereof,

as have been usually and of Right accustomarily paid for and in respect of such Part of the said Church-

yard as shall be laid open and allotted to the said Road.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any

nine or more of them, shall and may open and make a temporary Road or Way near Magdalen Bridge afore-

said, to communicate with the Mile-way, and may also erect and build a temporary Bridge or Bridges

(which said temporary Bridge or Bridges, and Road, are to be made use of by all Passengers with Carri-

ages and Cattle, as a public Highway, whilst the said Bridge is building or repairing, and until the fame

is compleated): Provided that such Satisfaction shall be made to the Owners or Occupiers of such Ground

respectively through, over, or along which such Road shall be made, for the Damages which such Owners

or Occupiers respectively, shall or may thereby sustain, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Com-

missioners, or any nine or more of them: And in case any Difference shall happen between such Owners

or Occupiers and the said Commissioners, touching such Damages, that then it shall and may be lawful to

and for the Justices of the Peace, at their next general Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or at their second

general Quarter Sessions at the farthest, to be holden for the said County of Oxford, to hear, settle, adjudge,

and finally determine the fame, and direct the Payment thereof acordingly.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously burn,

blow up, pull down, remove, take away, or otherwise damage or destroy any of the said Bridges, or any

Part thereof; or shall wilfully and maliciously remove, take away, damage, or destroy any Works or Ma-

terials to the said Bridges, or of any of them belonging or provided for the building or repairing of the

fame, and situate, lying, or being in, near, or upon the said Bridges or River, or any of them; or shall

wilfully or maliciously direct or procure the fame to be burnt, blown up, pulled down, removed, taken

away, or otherwise damaged or destroyed; every such Offender, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be

judged guilty of Felony, and shall be liable to be transported for seven Years.

XXXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners,

or any seven or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, from time to time, to sell and dispose

of

