22

C. 9^

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1771

Cellar-window*

at Night to be

Sufficiently

Jighted.

Penalty Tor

©bstructing

Cate-ways.

Co mmiffi oners

suffered to (land or continue, or such Timber, Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, Bricks, Materials, or

Things, being so laid or placed, or left as aforesaid.

No Wheel- LaII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time after the passing of

barrow, &c. to this Act, run, drive, or carry, or cause to be run, driven, drawn, carried, or placed on any of the Foot-

be driven on the pavements in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, or other public Passages, any Wheel

oot-pavemen . or \Vheels, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Truck, or Carriage whatsoever ; or shall roll any Caflc ;

or wilfully ride, drive or lead, or cause to be rode, driven, or led, any Horse or other Cattle, on any of

the said Foot-pavements, to be made in pursuance of this Act, other than in Cafes of Necessity, such Per-

son or Persons shall forfeit and pay for the first Offence the Sum of ten Shillings, for the second Offence

the Sum of twenty Shillings, and for the third and every other Offence the Sum of forty Shillings; pro-

vided that no Person or Persons shall be liable to such Penalties for rolling any Calk on the said Foot-

pavements, unless the fame shall have been rolled thereon for the Space of forty Yards or upwards.

No Cart to be LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, at any Time after the passing of this

drove faster than drive any Cart, Dray, Waggon, Truck, or other Carriage for the Conveyance of Goods, in or through

wfthout fomen°r an^ Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, or other public Passages faster than a Foot Pace,

perron1 leading or without some Person on Foot leading the Shaft or Thill Horse, by a Halter or Rein affixed to the Head

the Thill Horse. of such Horse, every such Person shall, for every fuph Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shil-

lings.

LXIV. And be it further enacted. That if any Cellar-window or Windows shall be left open in the

Evening, or in the Night, without the fame being sufficiently lighted, to prevent Accidents happening

therefrom; or if any such Cellar-window, or Cellar-windows, shall, at any Time, be left open to as to

obstruct the Foot-ways in any or either of the said Streets, the Occupier or Occupiers of such House or

Cellar shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings.

LX V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, after the passing of this Act, ob-

ftruft any of the Gate-ways, or narrow Streets or Lancs of the City or Parishes aforesaid, by overloading

any Carriage, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty

Shillings.

LX VI. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or

to buy Land, and any fourteen or more of them, for the Purposes of this Act. to buy or rent any Piece or Parcel of iJand

make a Pound. they ^all think most convenient, within or out of the said City, for the building and erecting a common

Pound for the Purposes of this Act; and to build such Pound or Pounds thereon, either open or covered, as

the said Commissioners, or any fourteen or more of them, shall think proper, and the Expences thereof

shall be defrayed out of the Monies arising; from the Rates or Assessments by this Act directed to be made ;

and the said Lands shall be verted in the said Commissioners for the Purpose of such Pound or Pounds, ac-

cording to the Terms of the Conveyance to them made.

They may boy LXVIL And whereas it may happen that the said Commissioners, or any fourteen or more of them, may

wid nfn ^Stx ta ^ink it necessary for enlarging, widening, or rendering more commodious the said Streets, Squares, Lanes,

1 cmng ce , ^|jeyS^ Courts, Gate-ways, and other public Passages, to take down some House or Houses, Sheds, or

other Buildings, or some Part or Parts thereof; or to take in some Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground, which

they may not be enabled to effectuate by all or any of the Powers and Authorities herein before contained

be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any

fourteen or more of them, to contract and agree with the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of

any House, Shed, or other Building, or any Part or Parts of any House, Shed, or other Building, or with

the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground, for the Pur-

chafe of the said House, Shed, or Building, or such Part or Parts thereof, or of such Piece or Parcel of

Land or Ground for the Use of the Publick, paying for the fame out of the Monies arising from the said

Rates or Assess'ments, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon by and between the said Corn-

Jury to ascertain missioners, or any fourteen or more of them, and such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors ; and

the Value, if jn case they cannot agree, paying a reasonable Recompence and Satisfaction, to be ascertained by and upon

the Oaths of twelve indifferent Men of the City and Parishes aforesaid fwhich Oath any two or more of the

said Commissioners are hereby impowered to administer) and the said Commissioners, or any seven or more

of them, are hereby impowered and required, from time to time, to issue a Summons, under the Hands

and Seals of any seven or more of them, requiring an indifferent Jury of twenty-four Men of the City or

Parishes aforesaid, to attend at such Time and Place as shall be expressed in such Summons : And the said

Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall, at such Time and Place, swear, or cause to be sworn,

twelve of the twenty-four, who shall be drawn by Ballot by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, which

twelve shall be a Jury for ascertaining the Value of such House, Shed, or other Building, whole Valuation

therein shall be binding and conclusive to all Parties and Persons whatever : And the said Commissioners, or

any fourteen or more of them, shall order such House, Shed, or other Building, or such Part or Parts of

such House, Shed, or other Building, to be taken down and removed, and the Expences attending the

taking down and removing the fame, shall be paid by the said Commissioners, or any fourteen or more of

them, out of the Monies arising from the said Rates or Assessments; and the Scite of such House, Shed, or

Builuing, or of such Part or Parts of such House, Shed, or Building, and such Piece or Parcel of Land or

Ground so purchased by the said Commissioners, or any fourteen or more of them, shall be laid into the

said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and other public Passages, for the widening, enlatging, and

rendering more commodious the fame ; or otherwise dispose of the fame as the said Commissioners, or any

fourteen or more of them, shall think proper; and shall for ever after be deemed and taken to be Part of

the

Persons cannot

agree with the

Commissioners.

