87* C. 78. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A; D, 1773.

is not sufficient for thatPurpose, and that the cleaning and opening the fame will not effectually

carry off the said Water, but that the said Highway may be effectually drained, and the Water car-

ried off, by making a new Ditch or Drain through the Lands or Grounds of lying

near the fame, for the Length of Yards, and the Breadth of Feet; and the

said having been duly summoned to appear before me, to shew Cause, if he had any*

why the said Ditch or Drain should not be tirade, and the said not appearing, or (not

shewing sufficient Cause against the fame}, and it appearing to me that fitch Ditch or Drain is nc-

cessary, I do hereby order and require you to enter into and upon the said Lands of the said

and there make, or cause to be made, a new Ditch or Drain, of the Length and Breadth aforesaid,

and of a convenient Depth, making or tendering sufficient Satisfaction to the said

for the Damages to be done thereby, within One Calendar Month after the fame shall be so made v

such Damages to be settled and ascertained in Manner directed by the Ad, passed in the Thirteenth

Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, “ For the Amendment and Preservation of

“ the Highways”

Given under my Hand, this Day of 17

No. XIV.

Notice of Application to be made for an Assessment.

MtddUfex.'^T O T I C E ia hereby given, that Application will be made to the Justices of the

Peace acting for the (Hundred) of in the said County, at their Spe-

cial Sessions, to be held at in the said (Hundred), on the Day of

Giie thousand seven hundred for an equal Assessment to be made, not exceeding

in the Pound, upon> all and every the Occupiers of Lands* Tenements, Woods, Tithes* and Here-

ditaments, within the (Pari/h+etc.) of for the Lfe and Benefit of the Highways*

within the said (Parish, etc*) Dated this Day of 17

A*. B. Surveyor.

No; XV.

Order at a Special Sessions for an Assessment of Sixpence in the Pound.

Middfefex. ' At a Special Sessions for the Highways, held at in the Hundred of

in the said County, the Day of 17 by J-ufticct of

Peace for the said County acting within the said Hundred.

UFO N Application msule to us by the Surveyor of the Highways for the (Parish^ etc*/ of

and upon Evidence given upon Oath before us, (that the Duty directed to be performed, and

the Money authorised to be collected and received, by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the

Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, 44 For the Amendment and Preservation of the High*

44 ways,” have been performed, applied*, and expended, according to the Directions of the said Act :)

Or, (We are fully Satisfied, that the common Highways, Bridges, causeways, Streets, and Pavements,

belonging to the (\Parish, etc.) of are so far out of Order, that they cannot be

v sufficiently amended and repaired, paved, cleansed, and supported, by the Means prescribed by the said

If Assessment AdAnd it appearing to us, that Notice has been duly given of such intended Application, ac-

ta* been made cording to the Direction of the said Act, we do hereby order, direct, and appoint, that an equal Af-

for buying Ma- feflment, not exceeding the Sum of in the Pound, upon all and every the

mamoutto Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, and Hereditaments, within the said (Parish, etc.)

Kme pence in of shall be forthwith made by the said Surveyor, and shall be allowed by

thePcuod shot One lattice of the-Peace for the said Hundred, and (ba)l be collected by the said Surveyor, and that

if» Sixpence the Money so to be assessed and collected shall be applied for and towards the amending, repairing,

Pav'n8* cleansing, and supporting such Highways, causeways, Streets, Pavements, and Bridges, (and

*»£ ?c«uft be for buying Materials, making Satisfaction for Damages, ere ding Guide-poftsy and paying the Surveyor*s

niyThre*. Salary j, according to the Diredton and true Intent and Meaning of the said Act.

peace. A. B*-

These latter C. D*

Wtiii be addai here* if there haa beeii'DO- former Affettjamt for those Pnrpofcu-

No. XVI.

Order of Twa Justices for [widening] or [diverting and turning’] a Highway;

Jfidktiefo*. \TT E, Two of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said

County, acting within the (Hundred, etc.) of within the said

County, having,.upon View, found that a certain Part of the Highway between and

in the (Pcnrish% etc*) of in the said (Hundred)> for the Length of

a Yards

