A.D. 177r,

Anno undccimo Georgii III.

C. 54. 303

the Person or Persons, Companies of Water-works, or Commissioners of Sewers, who shall take up, or tn»r'e the Com.

c..use or procure to be taken up, the fail] Pavement, or any Part or Parts thereof. missioners the

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commission- Ejr»>cnceofrc*

ers lor putting this Act in Execution, or any three or more of them, from tin e to time, to compound and ayir'*» &Ct

a^rec wi.h the fa;J Companies and Comn.iliiosers of Sewers, or other Person or Persons respectively, for Comm,fiioner*

a certain Sum of Money, by the Foot or other Mealitre, as the said Commissioners for putting this Act in

Execution, or any three or more of them, shall think reasonable, in lieu and Head of laying down or rc- fionerso/Scw-

pairing such Pavement as shall be nectffarily taken up for any of the Purposes aforesaid. er*.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case such Person or Persons, Companies of Water-works, ComrmflWn

or Com niflioners of Sewers respectively, (lull pooled or refuse to pay the Monies which the said Commis- tf Scweis, &c.

ft mers shall have so paid and uilbursed, or what shall he due upon such Contract or Composition as afore- nrs^in£ to

fa:d, within two Months next after Notice thereof, to be left by the said Surveyor or Clerk appointed or

to be appointed by the said Commissioners, at the Dwelling house or la If Place of Abode of such Person or coim^iflioncrV*

Persons, or of the Secretary or Secretaries, Clerk or Clerks, of such Companies of Water-works, or for rpaiir g the

Commissioners of Sewers respectively (which Notice shall be in Writing, and ljgned by the Clerk or Sur- Pjvcn-.mts after

vcyor for the time being of the said Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, by Order of the Ncticr, ir?y be

Commissioners, or any three or more of them, annexed to the Bill, containing an Account of the Expence

of such Repair, or Money due upon such Composition), it shall and may be lawful to and for the said I ait- 0

mentioned Commissioners, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby authoriseJ and impowereJ to

bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, in the Name of their Clerk, or in the Names of

two or more of the said Commissioners for the time being, for the Recovery of such Sum or Sums of Money

retpediively ; and in case such Person or Persons hereby directed to jjive such Notice to the Surveyor or Penalty on

Clerk for the time being of the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, as is before directed, shall nrpuctir? r<

neglect so to do for the Space of two Days after such Pavement shall be so taken up, such Person or Persons P " NitKC°f

Hull, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of three Pounds. r*

up Pave-

XXIX. And be it further cnadtcJ, T hat if, for the Puipofcs of this Act, it shall at any Time be found CoJ,n';,rrn<.rl

neceff'jry to raise, fink, or otherwise alter the Poll ion of any of the Pipes or Plugs laid down or placed by ir^0"c.«i to

any of the said Companies, or of any of the Leaden or other Pipes which shall be laid into or from any of rai:e, firk, &cs

the faiJ Company’s Pipes, which the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall and may, Pi^cs, &c.

and they are hereby impowered to cause the fame to be done, from time to time, and in such Place or Places

as they, or any three or more of them, in their Discretion, shall think proper, the fame shall be paid for

out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act ; and shall be done with as little Detriment or Inconve-

nience to the said Companies, and other Persons, as the Circumffanres of the Cafe will admit of.

‘ XXX. And, for the more easily obtaining of Water in Cafes of Fire,* Be it further enacted, That the Names of the

several Water Companies, who shall supply any of the Inhabitants of th^ said Squares, Yirds, Streets, Turncocks to he

PafLge, and Court, and the Pafl'ages therein, or leading thereunto, with Water, shall, from time to time, £f,f*rcd» 00 ,h*

within the Space of thirty Days alter the paffine of this Act, or within seven Days after the Appointment

cf any Turncock or Turncocks, give Notice in Writing to the said Commissioners of the Names and Places N«£ieft.

of Abode of their respective Turncocks, diffinguishing the Distridts to which they respectively belong; and

if any of the said Companies shall neglect to give such Notice within the Times aforesaid, they shall, for

every such Neglcdt, forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings: And the said Commissioners (lull, and they are

hereby required, yearly, to cause to be printed and diffributed among the Householders and Inhabitants of

the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Pass’age, and Court, within the said Pariff), a Lilt of the Names and

Places of Abode of the several Turncocks of such Water Companies respectively.

XXXI. And be it further enacted. That if any Person shall, from and after the passing of this Act, penalty «n Per-

without Authority from the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, or (in case of Exigency) son*nc*lrrtirg

from their Clerk or Surveyor for the time being, take up or alter, or cause to be taken up or altered, any give No*ice of

Part of the Pavement of the said several Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court, and the Pallages p^e^P uth

therein, or leading thereunto, or any of them, for any Purpose whatsoever; every Person so offending, -vcmc

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, and shall pay the Expence of relay-

ing and reinstating the fame, according 10 the Direction of the said Commissioners, or any three or more

of them, or of the Surveyor for the time being : And the said Forfeiture and Expence shall and may be re-

covered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record, in the

Names of any two or more of the said Commissioners, or in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, to be

commenced within six Months next after such Offence committed ; in which Action or Suit no Protcc-

t.on, Efloin, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, Commiffnrrn

or any three or more of them, from time to time, to direct and cause the Course of any Gutter or Chan- may»itfr’he

nel, running in, through, or cross the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court, and the Passages CoU,*Vo‘ Cutm

therein, or leading thereunto, or atw of them, to be turned or altered in such Manner as they shall think tcr, *c*

proper, and to direct any Grate or Giatcs, already placed, or hereafter to be placed, over any Sewers, to

be removed and replaced in such Manner, and at such Place and Places, as they shall think most proper

so as the fame be not prejudicial to the public Sewers ; all which shall, from time to time, be done at the

Expence of the said Commissioners, and paid for out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act; any Law,

L'i-igc, or Cullom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as there shall be Occasion to make any Corr.rntflW.frt

new, or to repair any Grate or Grates now being over any Sewer or Sewers, belonging to the Conirrnf- ct 10

fionert of Sewers in the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, or Court, or any of them, the fame shall rcPa,f

be kC,‘

