868 C. 78.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III

A.D. 1773

THE

S H E D U L E

(Stating the Forms) to which this Act refers.

N«>. I.

Warrant for calling the Meeting of Householders, and for fixing that of the Justices

for appointing Surveyors.

Middlesex. To the Con ft ablest Headboroughs, andTithingmen* within the (Hundred) Riding) Division)

Liberty; or Freeing) as the Cafe shall be) of in the /aid County.

IN order to carry into Execution an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Ma-

jesty King George the Third, for the Amendment and Preservat'nn of the Publick Highways, you are

hereby severally required forthwith to give pulick Notice to t.‘*e Churchwardens, Surveyors of the

Highways, and Householders, being afleUed to any parochial or publick Rate wichin your respactive

Liberties, that they do assemble on the Twenty-second Day of September next, at the Church or

Chape), or if there shall be no Church or Chapel, then at the usual Place of publick Meetings within

their respective Liberties, at the Hour of Eleven in the Forenoon; and that the major Part of them so

assembled do make a List of the Names of at lead Ten Persons living therein, who each of them have

an Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, lying within the same, in their own Right, or in

Right of their Wives, of the Value of Ten Pounds by the Year; or a personal Estate of the Value

of One hundred Pounds; or are Occupiers or Tenants of Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-

ments, of the yearly Value of Thirty Pounds: And if there shall not be Ten Persons having such

Qualifications, then that they do insert in such Lift the Names of so many of such Persons as arc so

Qualified, together with the Names of the most sufficient and able Inhabitants not so qualified, as

inall make up the Number Ten, if so many can be found, if not, so many as shall be there refiJent,

to serve the Office of Surveyor of the Highways: And you are also severally required, within Three

Days after making the said Lift, to deliver a Copy thereof to One of the Justices of Peace of the said

(Hundred) Riding) Divi/ton, &c.) as the Cafe shall be) living in or near the fame (Parish, &c.); and

also to give personal Notices to, or cause Notices in Writing to be left at the Places of Abode of the

several persons contained in such Lift, informing them of their being so named, to the Intent that

they may severally appear before the said Justices at their Special Sessions to be holden at

within the said (Hundred, &c.) on the Day of now

next ensuing, at the Hour of in the Forenoon of the same Day, to accept such

Office, if they shall be appointed thereto, or to shew Cause, if they have any, against their being

appointed: and you are likewise to give Notice to the present Surveyors of the Highways, within your

respective Liberties, to appear at the fame Time and Place, and produce such Accounts and Lifts be-

fore the said Justices as are required by the said AS; and you, and each of you, are personally to

appear before the said Justices, at their said Special Sessions, and then and there severally deliver to

the said Justices the said original List or Lists taken within your respective Liberties, and give an Ac-

count of the Execution of this our Precept.

Given under our Hands and Seals, the Day of in

the Year of our Lord. 17

Lift

