A; D. 1772 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 41. 509

strence in respect of the Priority of advancing any such Monies; and that all Persons to whom any Sum def»rou»

or Sums of Money to be borrowed {hall be due, and who shall be desirous of being repaid the Money ivt

due to them as aforesaid, shall be obliged to give Six Months Notice in Writing to the Treasurer o; si)C Months^N*-

Clerk to the said Mayor, Bridge-mailers, and Burgesses, of his or their Intention to call in the fame. ticetoihe

Mayor, ;xc.

XXI. And b$ it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, Application of

and Burgesses, or the major Part of them, shall pay, and dispose of, the Toils granted and made paya- the Tolls,

ble by this Act, and also the Monies to be raised upon the Credit thereof respectively in Manner fol-

lowing- (that is to say), in the first Place, for paying and discharging all the Costs and Expences at-

tending the obtaining and passing this Act, and also the Charges and Expences of repairing, supporting,.

and maintaining, the present Bridge at Maidenhead aforesaid, until the said intended Bridge {hall be built,

finished, completed, and made pailable; and also in and about the building the said intended Bridge, and

making the necessary Roads, Ways, and Passages, to and from the same, and for other Purposes di-

rected to be executed, done, and performed by this Act, at such Times, and in such Manner, as

herein mentioned, until the said intended Bridge shall be finished and completed, and for the other

Purposes of this Act.

XXII. Provided always. That the Treasurer or receiver of the Tolls hereby granted shall, and he is Jo bT Twlc-"

hereby required. Twice in every Year, to discharge, out of the Monies which shall come to his Hands ^ cvcfy'yearT'1*

by virtue of this Act, the Interest which shall be then due on all Mortgages or Securities made or fe-

cuied by virtue of this Act, if the fame shall be demanded, in preference to any other Payment what-

soever.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the faiJ Mayor Bridge-masters, and Burgeffts, or the major SecuVltJ to

Part of them, shall take Security from their Treassurers, Collectors, and all other Officers. for the due yreeanfur^m 1 e

Execution of their respective Offices.

XXIV. Provided always. That no Victualler, ‘or Retailer of Ale, Beer, or Spirituous Liquors, shall Vifluaiiert, *c.

be capable of holding any Place of Profit under this Act. PUcVof Profiu

XXV. And, for preventing the wilful and malicious destroying or damaging the said intended Personsdestroy--

4 Bridge, or any Part thereof, or interrupting the building of the fame,’ be it further enacted, That if "®whe,

any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously blow up, pull down, or otherwise destroy or da- 'guihy

mage the said Bridge, or any Part thereof, or shall unlawfully, wilfully, and maliciously, and with- of felon/,

out Authority from the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, remove, take away, or damage the

Coffer, Dam or Dams, Scaffolding, Tools, Utensils, Barges, Lighters, or destroy any Works or Ma-

terials thereunto belonging, or attempt so to do, or in anywise direct or procure the fame to be done,

whereby the said Bridge, or the Works or Materials thereof, may be damaged, or the Lives of Paffcn-

gers endangered, every such Offender or Offenders, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be ad-

judged guilty of Felony, and every such Felon shall be fubied to the like Pains and Penalties as in

Cafes of Felony; and the Court by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and con-

vided, shall, and hereby have Power and Authority to transport such Person or Persons to any of His

Majesty’s Plantations in America, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by any

of the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

4 XXVI. And, for preventing Trespasses, Damages, and Mischiefs being done and committed byosmewof-

4 evil-minded or disorderly Persons rowing, navigating, or managing any Boats, Barges, Lighters, or Barges, &c.

4 other Vessels, in or upon the said River Thames^ and to the End that the Mailers and Owners of adc »nfwcrable

4 such Boats, Barges, Lighters,' or other Vessels, may be more careful therein,’ be it further-enacted, for theu

That all and every Master and Matters, Owner and Owners, of any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other

Vertel, shall be, and is, and are hereby made answerable and rcTponfible for any Damage or Mischief

that shall be wilfully or negligently done by his or their Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vcflll* or by-

any of the Boatmen, Bargemen, or Watermen, or any of the Crew of, in, or belonging to any such

Boat, Barge, Lighter, or Veil'd, to the said Bridge, or any Part thereof, or to any of the Works

which shall be erected, or erecting, or carrying on by virtue of this Act; and the said Matter or Ma-

Hers, Owner or Owners, of every such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or Vefld, shall and may be by the

said Mayor, Bridge-matters, and Burgesses, sued for every such Trespass or Damage which shall be

so done, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminskr, and shall be liable to pay such Da-

mages as any Jury shall assess for the fame.

4 XXV11. And whereas it may happen that the said new-intended Bridge may hereafter receive such AFerryorTVm*

4 Damage that the Pallage thereof may for a Time become dangerous or impradicablebe it further P°rary

enacted. That in all such Cafes it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, Bridge*not C

or the major Part oPthem, from Time to Time, as often as Occasion shall require, to provide a pro- paffrbie.

per and convenient Ferry or Fcirics cross the said River Thames^ or to erext or build a Temporary

Bridge at such Place or Places as they shall judge to be most proper and convenient, and as near to the

said Bridge as conveniently may be, and there to take for Pafl'age over the said River by such Ferry or

Ferries, or Temporary Bridge, such Rates or Tolls as are herein-before directed to be paid for passing

over the said new-intended Bridge.

XXVIII. Provided always. That such Ferry or Ferries, or Temporary Bridge, shall not continue Pwfo.

for any longer Time than the Pafl'age over the said Bridge shall or may be dangerous or impracticable as

aforesaid.

XXIX.

