A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 54: 789

incurred, or until complete Payment shall be made of the Penalty or Forfeiture incurred and

decreed.

X. And be it further enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid, That One Moiety of the Penalties or Pena!tic« and

. Forfeitures, to be incurred for any Offence against this Act, shall, when recovered, be paid to the Pro- Forfeitures how

fecutor, and the other Moiety (nail be applied to the Use of the Poor of the Parish, or to the repairing 10 bc *PPllc<3'

of the High Roads within the Parish where the Offence shall be committed, as the Tuftices of the

Peace, or the Sheriff or Steward-depute, or Substitute, shall direct, before whom the Offender shall be

convicted.

XL Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be law- Pe'son*thinking

ful to or for any Person conceiving himself or herself aggrieved by any Decree of the Justices of the J VmaJVp.

Peace, or Sheriff, or Stewart-depute, or Substitute, in such rrofecutions, to complain and seek to the neic

Relief by Appeal to the next Circuit Court of Judiciary of the Circuit wherein the County is where court of Justi-

the Decree is pronounced; or where there are no Circuit Courts, to the Court of Judiciary at Edin- c»r7iwh*rc

burgh, by taking and entering an Appeal in open Court, at the Time of pronouncing such Decree, there a«e no err-

or at any Time thereafter within Ten Days, by lodging the fame in the Hands of the Clerk of the ^court of

Court, and serving the adverse Party with a Duplicate thereof personally, or at his Dwelling-house, ruftiCiary*t

or his Procurator or Agent in the (Jause; and such Service shall be sufficient Summons to oblige to Edinburgh,

Prosecutor to attend and answer at the next Circuit Court which shall happen to be held, at least

Fifteen Days after Service, or at the first Court of Judiciary which shall beheld at Edinburgh^ in the

Cafe where there are no Circuit Courts, at least Fifteen Days after such Service; and thereupon the

Judge or Judges at such Circuit Court, or in the Court of Judiciary at Edinburgh, shall and may pro- Scntenoe of fata

ceed to cognofee, hear, and determine: And in case they shall find the Reasons of any such Appeal Court 10befioaJ*

not relevant, or not instrufted, or shall determine against the Party appealing, the Judge or Judges

shall condemn the Appellant in such Cods of Suit as shall appear to be just and reasonable, and the

Decree so pronounced shall be final and conclusive to the Parties,

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when an Appeal is taken, Persons appeal-

the Appellant, at the Time of entering his or her Appeal, shall lodge with the Clerk of the Court?*'0

from which the Appeal is taken a Bond, with a sufficient Cautioner, for paying the Sum or Sums con- cierk of Oouct,

tained in the Decree appealed against, so far as affirmed and approved of by the Judgement upon the for paying ihe

Appeal, and for paying the Costs of Suit, if any shall be awarded j and the Clerk of Court shall be Sumtappealed

answerable for the Sufficiency of such Cautioner. against, and for

Costs, See,

XIII. Provided likewise, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Circuit

Court shall, on hearing any such Appeal, find any such Difficulty to arise, that by Means thereof such JJJrcuit

Circuit Court cannot proceed to the Determination of the fame, confidently with Tuftice and the court, *c. the

Nature of the Cafe; in any such Cafe, and not otherwise, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Proceedings

Circuit Court to certify such Appeal, together with the Reasons of such Difficulty, and the Pro- thereuponimay

ccedings thereupon had before such Circuit Court, to the Court of Judiciary at Edinburgh^ which is

hereby authoriurd and required to proceed in and determine the fame. itEdinbwgh,

and be there fi-

BAiJy detetnaoed.

XIV. Provided alway, That no Penalty or Forfeiture in this Act shall be recovered, unless the Limitation of

Prosecution for recovering thereof shall be commenced within Six Months after the Offence Actions.

committed,

XV. Provided also, That no Person shall be liable tb any of the Penalties or Forfeitures herebyNoPersonKtMa

enacted, except for such Offence as shall be committed after the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One f°,

thousand (even hundred and seventy-three. mlrfterjune h*

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Aa14Oco.II*

prefect Act. an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of His late Majesty King George the second,

intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; |j#

and an Act, passed the Third Year of His prerent Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Prfervation i

if the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland j and for repealing Part of an Act^ passed in the

Twenty fourth Year of His late Majesty, For the better Prdervation of the Game in that Part of ^

Great Britain called Scotland 5 and so much of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Ma> UL muled*

jesty, intituled, An Act to extend an Act> made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the First%

intituled, An Act for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary, and

more effectual Transportation of Felons, and unlawful Exporters of

other Felonies; and for the

Wool$ and for declaring the

Law, upon some Points, relative to Pirates, to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, so far as

the Act relates to the more effectual Tran fportat ion of Felons; and for amending and rendering more

effectual the Laws for restraining Muirburn in forbidden Time, in that Part of the United Kingdom

as limits the Time for making Muirburn $ shall be, and are hereby declared to be repealed.

Vol. XL 5 I

CAP.

