The TITLES of the STATUTES

3*. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and

regulating the Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, Alleys,

and other publick Passages and Places, within the Parish

of Christ Church, in Middlesex \ and for removing Nui-

fances and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the

like for the future; and for paving and regulating such

Parts of Brick Lane as are not within the said Parish.

39. An A£ for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loins

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One

thousand (even hundred and seventy-two.

40. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an

Ad, made in the Tenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign,

intituled, An Act for building a new Parish Churchy and

declaring the present Parish Church a Chapel \for making a

Cermetery or Church-yard \ and for building a House for

the Use of the Minister of the Parish of Saint Mary 1c

Bone, in the County of Middlesex.

41. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames,

near the Town of Maidenhead, in the County of Berks.

42. An Act for settling and determining what Parts of the

Precind of the Savoy, in the County of Middlfex, shall

be under the Survey of the Court of Exchequer, and

what Parts thereof under the Survey of the Duchy of

Lancaster.

43. An Act for vetting Ely House, in Hclbourn, in His Ma-

jetty. His Heirs and Sucediors, and for applying the

Purchase-money, with another Sum therein mentioned,

in the purchasing of a Freehold Piece of Ground in

Dover Street, and in the building and fitting up another

House thereon, for the future Residence of the Bishops

ot Ely, and the Surplus to the Benefit of the See j and

for other Purposes therein mentioned.

44. An Act to*enable His Majesty to grant the Reversion

or Remainder in Fec-simple, now verted in His Ma-

jesty, of and in an Annual or Fee-farm Rent of One

hundred and thirteen Pounds, One of the several Fee-

farm Rents granted to the Right Honourable Edward,

heretofore Earl of Sandwich, by His late Majesty King

Charles the Second, unto the Honourable James Archi-

bald Stewart, and His Heirs, upon a full and adequate

Consideration to be given by him, or his Heirs, for the

ame.

45. An Act for the better Regulation of Carters, Car-

riages, and loaded Horses $ and for removing Obstruc-

tions and Nuisances upon the Streets and Highways

within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

46. An Act for the more cffedual preventing of Frauds in

the Revenues of Excise, with respect to Tea, Soap,

Low Wines, and Spirits*

47. An Act to continue an Act, made in the Fifth Year of

the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second,

intituled, An Act to prccait ih, committing of Frauds by

Bankrupts, and for making Provisionfor disebarging Bank-

rupts, in certain Cajcsfrojti their imprisonment.

48. An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds

in the Stamp Duties, upon Vellum, Parchment, Paper,

and Cards.

49. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made hi the

Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in-

ti uled, An Ac! for altering the Stamp-duties upon Policies of

Assurance \ and for reducing the Allowance to be made in

Tfjpefl of the prompt Payment of the Stamp-duties on Li-

cences for retailing Beer, Ate, and other exciseable Liquors

and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament

relating to Hackney Coachrs and Chairs; so far as the fame

relates to Hackney Coaches.

S^. An Act for the encouraging the Manufacture of Lea-

ther* by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importa-

tion of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall ex-

ceed a certain Rate, for a limited Time,

51. An Act for continuing an Act, made in the Tenth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent

the further spreading of the contagious Disorder among

the Horned Cattle in Great Britain.

52. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His

Majesty’s Treasury to order and allow, out of the Mo-

ney arising by the Coinage Duty, a certain Sum therein

mentioned, for jthe Expences of prosecuting Offenders

against the Laws relating to the Coin, in the Year On

thousand seven hundred and seventy, over and above

the Sum yearly allowed for that Service.

S3* An Act to enable the Lords of the Treasury to dif-

charge the Executors of Lady Anne Jekyll from a Debt

due to His Majesty, for the Use of the Sinking Fund,

upon Payment of the fame into the Exchequer.

54. An Act for the more eifedually securing a Quantity

of Oak Timber for the Use of the Royal Navy.

55. An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses, in rela-

tion to the Trade carried on between Great Britain and

Ireland.

56. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the Al-

lowance upon the Exportation of BritiJlj-mzdc Gun-

powder; to the giving further Encouragement fnr the

Importation of Naval Stores from the British) Colonies

in America; to the further encouraging the Manufac-

ture of BritiJ,h Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable'

on Foreign Sail Cloth 5 to the granting a Liberty to*

carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture

of any of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, directly into

Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and na-

vigated according to Law; to the free Importation of

Cattle from Ireland; and to the regulating the Fees of

Officers of the Customs, and Naval Officers in Atne-

merica.

57. An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act,

made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Ma-

jesty King George the Second, as relates to the Efta-

blishment of Lazarets.

58. An Act for the further Encouragement of the Her-

ring Filbery on the Coasts of the Isle of Man; and for

obviating a Doubt which has arisen with respect to the

allowing the Bounties upon the British White Herring

Fishery, in the Year One thousand (even hundred and

seventy-one.

59. An Act for vesting in His Majesty certain Heredita-

ments at Richmond, in the County of Surrey, belonging

to Catharine Viscountess Fitzwilliam, and held by Leal'e

from the Crown; and for vesting the Freehold and In-

heritance of certain Leasehold and Copyhold Heredita-

ments at Richmond aforesaid in Trustees, and their

Heirs* in Trust for the said Catharine Viscountess Fitz-

wiliiam, as a Part of the Com pen Cation for the fame,

and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

60. An Act for granting a Drawback of Part of the Cuf-

toms upon the Exportation of Tea to Ireland, and the

British) Dominions in America \ for altering the Draw-

back upon foreign Sugars exported from Great Britain

to Ireland; for continuing the Bounty on the Exporta-

tion of British-nvddc Cordage j for allowing the Impor-

tation of Rice from the British Plantations into the

Ports of Brijlcl, Liverpool, Lancaster, and JITitehaven,

for immediate Exportation to foreign Parts; and to im-

power the Chief Magistrate of any Corporation to ad-

minister the Oath, and grant the Certificate required by

Law, upon the Removal of certain Goods to London,

which have been sent into the Country for Sale.

Vol. XL d 61. An

