A.D. 1773; Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 45. 745

ef his Office* nor any other Writing wh^tsoever, concerning the Execution of this Act, shall be

charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty.

LxXXVIII. Provided always* That no AsselTment* Rate, or Tax, shall, during the First Seven Land* dag info

Years after making and parting this Act, be made, collected, or levied, upon any Lands which are now e^pted fir 7

dug out into Hod or Turf Pools, and shall He unoccupied; but in case any Lands so dug as afore- Years, uniefs7

foid shall be occupied, or if any Turf shall be dug therein, or other Use made thereof, during the occupied, tee.

said Term of Seven Years, then the fame shall be assessed, rated* and charged, for the Remainder of and then to pay

the said Term, with One Half of the Rates and Taxes per Acre wherewith the other Fen Lands in °ne HaAl Rates*

the said District shall be charged by virtue of this Act.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Rate or Tax shall be charged on the Lands lying Eiemption.

against the North Bank of Brandon Rivery in the said Second District, that now are, or hereafter shall

be cut up, into-Floors or Floor-work, for repairing the said Bank within the Width of Seventy-two

Feet from the Fence Dike lying under the said Bank.

4 XC. And whereas the Proprietors of the several Lands and: Grounds frequently cut up the fame To prevent cat.

€ into Firing, and sell the same, whereby the Value of the said Lands so rated arc fi> much lessened ting of Firing,

that the Rates and Taxes charged thereon cannot be levied and raised, whereby the Security of the

c said Taxes become of Jess Value to the several Person Persons advancing Money thereon be it

therefore enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, being Owner or Pro-

prietor of any of the Lands or Grounds contained in the said Two Districts respectively, shall, from

and after the parting of this Act, dig or cut up. any of the said Lands or Grounds, into Firing for

Sale, such Owner or Owners of such Lnnds shall, within One Calendar Month after the fame shall

have been so dug or cut up into Firing as aforesaid, pay to the said Commissioners of the said Two

Districts respectively after the Rate of Thirty Years Purchase of the said Rates or Taxes so charged

upon the said Lands or Grounds which shall be so dug up as aforesaid; and in case the said Owners

or Proprietors shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame within One Calendar Month after the fame shall

have been so dug up for the Purposes aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners

of the said Two Districts, or any Five or more of them, assembled at a Meeting to be held for that

Purpose respectively, to order and direct the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, of the

said Two Districts respectively to recover the fame by Distress and Sale of the Firing so cut, in such

and the same Manner as the said Rates and Taxes are hereby, recoverable; and the said Sum or Sums

of Money, (b to be paid and recovered as aforesaid, shall be applied by the said Commissioners of»

the said Two Distriftsrespectively to the respective Purposes of the said Two Districts.

XCI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said respective Commissioners, or Comttiffionetr.

any Five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required, from Time to Time, to set up and may ereflStil«*

erect, and for ever repair and maintain, such Stiles* Headings,.and other proper Fences, in and upon- &c*

such of the Banks as shall be made by virtue of this Act, as are necessary to fence in and inclose the

separate Property of every Person whose Lands are lying contiguous to or upon the said Banks, so

as the Property of one Person shall not be open to-the Property of another; and if it shall happen

that any. of the Mill Drains, made, or to be made, by virtue of this Act, shall be made or cut through

any of the whole Lands or Farms within the said Two Districts respectively, whereby the Road or

Passage to such Farm Lands shall be (topped, the said respective Commissioners, or any Five or more

of them, shall, and they are hereby required, to make and lay over such Mill Drain One Bridge, for

a Road and Passage of such Owner or Proprietor with Horsea, Carts, and Carriages, to such Farm

and Lands as aforesaid; and the Expence of making, setting up* erecting, and maintaining, such

Bridges, Stiles, Headings and other Fences, shall be paid and defrayed out of the Monies arising in

the District where such Works shall be made.

XCII. And* in order to prevent the Mill Drains or Banks, within the said Two Districts re- Toprerent

spectively from being broke down, filled up, or damaged, by any Person or Persons hailing of Boats ^a,hng Bo^*

upon the said Banks, or down the said Drains, with Men, Hbrfes, or other Beasts; be it enacted by e

the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of the said Two

Districts respectively, or for any Officer by them to be appointed by virtue of this Act, at any Time

after the parting of this Act, to lay, or cause to be laid, Booms or Spars across the said Mill Drains;

and to erect, or<aul*e to be erected, across the said Banks, such Works, as they the said respective

Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper, to prevent the Passage of such

Boats through such Mill Drains or the hailing of such Boats, by Men, Horses, or other Beasts, along

the said Banks: And in case any Person or Persons shall break down or take up the said Booms, Penalty,

Spars, or other Works, so laid across the said Drains and Banks^ for the Purposes aforesaid, any Per-

son or Persons so breaking down or taking up the fame, shall forfeit and pay to the Commissioners re-

spectively of such District where the said Offence shall be committed any Sum not exceeding Five

Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings; to be recovered, levied, and applied, in such and the fame

Manner, as the Penahie^for destroying other Works within the Boundaries aforesaid are herein directed -

Lo be recovered, levied, and applied.

4 XCIII. And whereas it is found expedient*, and agreed, that the Bank called Cross Bank (which The Pcmmif-

4 separates the Lands and Grounds io the Lands directed to be drained by virtue'of the said Act of Gorers of F« Jr-

the Thirtieth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second from the Lands and Grounds com- *cl1 to

4 prised in the Second District in this ActJ shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter be BanV

^ well and .(Sufficiently, supported*. maintained, andrepaired, at the Expence, Cofb, and Charges, of

~ 4 the

