A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgix III. C. 29. 689

such Felon or Felons, for the Space of Seven Years, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to

be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful Bye-Uwi.

to and for the said Trustees, at any Time or Times hereafter, in General Meetings assembled, to

make, ordain, and establish, such Orders, Rules, and Bye-laws, for the better deepening, cleansing,

and keeping in Repair the said Harbour of Aberdeen, and piloting of the Ships, and other Vessels, going

in and coming out of the said Harbour, and for the better regulating, governing, and managing, the

Docks, Piers, Quays, and Jettees, and every other the Works credted, and to be erected, made, or

set up, in the Harbour aforesaid, and for the better executing the other Purposes of this Act; and also

from Time to Time, as Occasion may require, to repeal, add to, amend, or alter, such Rules, Or-

ders, and Bye-laws, as to them shall seem most fitting and requiftte, and to fix and appoint reasonable

pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling, /or the Nonobservance, or other Breach,

of all or any such Rules or Bye-laws, or any Part of them, to be recovered and applied in such Man-

ner as the Fines and Penalties imposed by this Act are ordered to be recovered, levied, and applied;

and the said Trustees shall cause the said Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws, to be printed and distributed,

and hung up at the most conspicuous Places within the Harbour of Aberdeen, and to pay the Expence

and Charge thereof out of the Rates and Duties aforesaid.

XXX. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be held Four General Time and PUce

Meetings of the said Trustees within the Town-house of the said City of Aberdeen, upon every First

Tuesday of January, First Tuesday of Aprils First Tuesday of July, and First Tuesday of Ottobery during 5

the Continuance of this present Act; and that the First of the said General Meetings shall be held upon

the First Tuesday of July, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three; and that the said Trustees

shall have Power, and are hereby impowered, to adjourn to such other Times and Places as to them,

or to the Majority of them, at such Quarterly Meetings assembled, shall seem meet and expedient; and '

in all such Meetings the Provost, or Senior Magistrate of the City of Aberdeen, present for the Time

being, shall preside; and besides his Vote in common with the other Trustees, shall, in Cafes of

Equality, have a calling or decisive Voice.

XXXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Magistrates and City Council, Do&f a*} ba-

as Trustees aforesaid, in General Meetings aforesaid, may, and they are hereby impowered, to lessen ltflcoed*

and reduce the aforesaid Rates and Duties granted by this Act,-as they (haill judge reasonable and ex-

pedient, and the State of the said Rates and Duties will permit.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act; and all the Powers Commencement

and Authorities of the fame, and the Rates and Duties thereby granted, shall commence and take place of

from and after the Fift Tuesday of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, ^nd shall con- ™

tinue for the Space of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next SeiTion of

Parliament.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act Jurifliaion of

contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away, alter,.abridge, lessen, change, or in- *heCify of

trude- upon any Jurisdiction, Power, or Authority,.of the Magistrates and Council of the City of Ab'tr- ^c^€en>

deeny and Community thereof, in and about or concerning the said Harbour of Aberdeen, or the Piers, n

Quays, and other Works, built or to be built, as aforesaid; nor to take away, abridge, lessen, or

intrude upon, the private Rights, Privileges, and Property, of any Person or Persons whatsoever, but

that the fame shall remain as entire and effectual, to all Intents ana Purposes, as if this present Act had

rot been made; and also saving and reserving to the said Magistrates and City Council, and other Per-

son or Persons, all their legal Rights and Interests in the Premises aforesaid.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid; That in case any Suit or Action Aamaybe

shall be commenced against the said Magistrates and Council, or their Successors, or any other Person Pleaded>

or Persons, for any Thing done in purfuanc© of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants, in such Suit or

Adiun, may produce this Act, and plead, that the said Things were done in pursuance and by the

Authority of this Act ; and if it shall appear so to be done, , that then the Defendant or Defendants

shall be absolved from every such Suit, Action, or Actions, and shall have Treble Costs and Ex-

pences in the Defence thereof awarded to them from and against the Prosecutor or Prosecutors of

the fame.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority, aforesaid. That all Sheriffs, Justices ofshet&, &c. t»

the Peace, Judges, and Magistrates, with their Officers, Messengers at Arms, and all other Officers, ajftft.

and Executioners of the Law whatsoever, and every of them, are hereby required to be aiding and

assisting in putting this Act into due and effectual Execution: And that this Act shall be deemed, taken,

and allowed, in all the Courts of Law and Equity as a Publick Act; and all Judges and Justices are

hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP.

