26a

Public Atf.

Preamble,

Commissioners.

Oath,

Q«a!ificat!on o;

Comauj:ion:rs.

C. 45. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

LIX. And belt further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and {hall

be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading,

the fame.

CAP. XLV.

An Act for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis from the

City of London to the Town of Cricklade% in the County of Wilts.

4 \T T HERE AS the carrying on and regulating the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis from

4 VV the City of London to the Town of Crickladc, in the County of Wilts, was, in and by an Act of

* Parliament made and passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

‘ Second, intituled, An Act for the better carrying on and regulating the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and

4 Isis from the City s/'London IVejlward to the Town of Crickla-de, in the County of Wilts, vested in certain

4 Commissioners therein appointed, who, for want of proper Powers, have not been able to prevent fre-

4 quent Abuses and Exadiions being committed by the Owners of several Towing-paths and other Pafl'ages

4 on the Banks of the said Rivers, and by the Owners of Locks, Weirs, T urnpikes, Dams, Flood-gates,

4 and other Engines, in and upon or near adjoining to the said Rivers, and allb by several Barge-mailers

4 and their Servants navigating thereon ; by reason whereof the Price of Water-carriage on those Rivers is

4 very much raised, and the Navigation of the said Rivers greatly damaged, contrary to the Intent and

4 Meaning of the said Act: And wnercas, upon a Survey and Estimate made and taken of the necessary

4 Expence of making proper Turnpikes, and of cleani'ing and embanking divers Parts of the said Rivers,

4 and for purebafing Lands for the making of Towing-paths, and of building Bridges across divers Streams

4 that empty themselves into the said Rivers, and for other Purposes, in order to complete the Navigation

4 of the said Rivers, it appears, that the fame will amount to a considerable Sum of Money, which cannot

4 be raised without the Aid and Authority of Parliament May it therefore please your Majesty that it may

be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content

of the Lords Spiritual ami Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament ailembled, and by the

Authority of the same, T hat, for completing the said Navigation, and for preventing all Abuses and Ex-

actions relating thereto, which may render the fame less useful to the Public, all Members of the House of

Commons for the time being, that do or {hall reside within the Counties of Wilts, GlouccJlery Oxford,

Berks, Bucks, Surry, and MiddleJ'ex^ the Representatives in Parliament of the said Counties for the time

being, the Representatives in Parliament of the City of London and of all Towns within the said Counties

for the time being, the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London for the time being, the High Bai-

liss of // efminster for the time being, the Vice Chancellor and Heads of Colleges or Halls in the University

of Oxford for the time being, the Dean and Canons of Christ Church for the time being, the Dean and.

Prebendaries of JVcJlminster for the time being, the Dean and Refidentaries of Saint Paul's London, for the

time being, the Dean and Canons of Windsor for the time being, the Provost and Fellows of Eton College

for the time being, the Redtors and Incumbents for the time being of the several Parishes that border upon

the Thames, the Mayors arid Recorders of Oxford, Abingdon, Wallingford, Reading, Henley, Maidenheady

and Windsor, and the Bailiffs and Recorder of King/lon upon Thames for the time being, the Trustees or

Commissioners of the River Wry, the Proprietors of the said River, the Mayor, Aldermen, and Recorder

of Guilford, the Bailiffs of the Town of Godalming, and all Persons who do or {hall at any Time reside, or

have an Pilate of one hundred Pounds per Annum within the respective Counties of Middlesex, Surry9

Berks, Bucks, Oxford, Gloucester^ and Wilts, {hall be, and arc hereby constituted Commissioners for putting

in Execution nil and Angular the Powers in this Act contained ; and that all and every Person and Persons

constifuted and appointed a Commissioner or Commissioners by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, before

he and they reflectively take upon himself or themselves to act as a Commissioner or Commissioners (other

than the administering the following Oath to one another, which they, or any two of them, are hereby im-

powered and required to do) {hall take and subscribe the following Oath :

<c T A. B. do swear. That I will, without Favour or Affection, truty, faithfully, and impartially exe-

c< Jl cute, perform, and discharge the Office and Duty of a Commissioner, according to the Powers, Au-

4i thorities, and Directions given and established by an Act of Parliament for improving and computing the

44 Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis from the City of London to the Town c/Cricklade, in the County

li of Wilts , and that I will execute the said Act according to the belt of my Skill and Knowledge.

So help me GODS

Which Oath so taken and subscribed as aforesaid, shall be kept by the Clerk of the Peace among the Re-

cords of the Sdflons of the Peace 111 and for the respective Counties where the fame ihail be lb taken and

subscribed.

Ii. Provided always, That no Person, except the Mayor, Aldermen of Guilford, and the Bailiffs of the

Town ol Godalming, fh 11 act as a Commissioner in any Cafe in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall

be feifcJ in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the

clear yearly Value ol one hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir-apparent of some Person having such Efta^e of

the yearly Value of two hundred Pounds, or {ball be poflclled of a personal Estate to the Amount of three

thoufa*.d Pounds.

III. And

