436 C. 27; Anno duodecimo Georgii III* A.D. 1772.

If Lands isnoc*

espied, and no

Distress to be

taken, Colloc-

ors, Sec. may di-

gram when

occupied.

Commissioners

may borrow

Mosey.

the Landlord or Landlords, and the other Moiety or Half Part thereof by the Tenant or Tenants of

such Lands and Tenements so in Lease for Three Years or more, as aforesaid.

XL Provided always. That in case any of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds shall at any

Time be unoccupied, and no Distress can be found, by reason whereof the Sums of Money so assessed,

taxed, and charged thereon cannot be raised; then, and in such Cafe, the Rate or Tax, and the Ar-

rears thereof, shall remain a Charge upon the said Lands and Grounds until the fame shall be occupied;

and when and as soon as the fame shall be so occupied, it shall and may be lawful for such respective

Collector and Collectors, Receiver and Receivers, for the Time being, or for any other Person or Per-

fons, by virtue of such Warrant or Precept as aforesaid, to enter and distrain upon the said Fen Lands

and Low Grounds when there shall be any Distress thereon to be found, in whatever Possession such Fen

Lands and Low Grounds shall happen to come or be; and the Distress and Distresses then and there

found, to fell, if not redeemed within Five Days by Payment of such Rates and Taxes, and Charges

of such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus to the Owner or Owners of such Distress in Manner

as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and

for the Commissioners of the said Three Districts respectively* or any Seven or more of them, to borrow,

take up, and receive, any Sum or Sums of Money that they lnall think proper upon the Credit of the

several Rates and Taxes by this Act charged upon the Lands and Grounds in the said respective Di-

ftricts, and by Writing, without Stamp, under the Hands and Seals of any Seven or more of the said

Commissioners, to mortgage, charge, assign, and convey, or incumber the Rates and Taxes within each

respective District, with and for the Repayment of the Sums so borrowed, with such Interest, at such

Times, and with such Provisoes and Conditions of Redemption, as shall be agreed upon; and such Mo-

nies shall be Separately and distinctly borrowed for the Use of each District; and it mall be particularly

set forth in every such Assignment fer which of the said Districts such Monies are so respectively

borrowed.

WhitSumiof XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no more than the Sum of One thousand Pounds

*,?aUfe€ borrowed or owing, at any One Time, on the Credit or Security of the said Rate or Tax of

borrowed. Qnc Shilling and Sixpence an Acre charged by this Act upon the said Third District; and that no more

than the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds shall be borrowed or owing, at any One Time,

on the Credit or Security of the said Rate or Tax of One Shilling and Sixpence an Acre charged by

virtue of this Act upon the said Fourth District; and that no more than the Sum of One thousand

five hundred Pounds shall be borrowed or owing, at any One Time, on the Credit or Security of

the said Rate or Tax of One Shilling an Acre charged by this Act upon the said Fifth District; and that

the several and respective Rates and Taxes in the said Three Distri&s or Divisions respectively shall

not, during the Time any Principal-monies or Interest shall be due on the several Securities thereof,

be less in any One Year than the several Sums charged upon each of the said Districts respectively, in

which such Principal or Interest shall be owing.

Afticmmtnitto XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Mortgages and Securities so to be made by the said fe-

te traBifcrrable. veral and respective Commissioners of the said several and respective Rates and Taxes arising within the

said respective Districts, shall and may be assignable or transferrable by Indorsement on the original

Grant, or Security thereof made, or otherwise, without Stamp, to any Person or Persons whomsoever;

and the Person or Persons, to whom such Assignment or Transfer shall be made, shall and may, from

and after the Time that the fame is entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, be well and suffi-

ciently intitled to such Mortgage Monies, and Interest, and all the Monies due, and to grow due there-

on; which Entries are hereby required to be made on Request, and producing such Assignmenty and

paying Two Shillings and Sixpence for every such Entry; and such Assignee and Assignces, shall and

may, in like Manner, by Indorsement, or otherwise, without Stamps, assign and make over such Mort-

gage or Mortgages, and Securities, so assigned as aforesaid, and 10 tot Us quoties, as Occasion may re-

quire, every such Assignment or Transfer being entered in such Book as aforesaid.

Tuts ©bargeable XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every the Rates and Taxes raised within each

\r»tb Moacy tei- respective District, by virtue of this Act, shall be chargeable with the Payment of the Principal-money

TfW so to be borrowed by the said Commissioners respectively, and the Interest of such Money, from Time

to Time, and shall vest in the Creditors of the said District, for which the fame shall be so borrowed,

upon Default of Payment of such Principal Money and Interest, until the fame, and every Part thereof,

shall be fully (Satisfied and paid, together with the Costs and Charges occasioned by the Non-payment

thereof; and the said Creditors, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, shall have the

fame Powers, Rights, and Privileges, of assessing, raising, and recovering the several Rates and Taxes

payable by the several Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Grounds within the said Three Districts

respectively, for or in respect of such Principal Money and Interest, in case of Default of Payment there-

of, as the said respective Commissioners, and their Respective Collectors and Receivers, could have, in

case such Principal-money and Interest had been regularly and fully paid and satisfied.

XVI. And be it further tnaded, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of each

of the said Distrids or Divisions respectively, and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby re-

quired, yearly and every Year, to elect, from Time to Time, a Person refilling in the Township of

JVhitt lefty aforesaid to be their Receiver of the Rates and Taxes assessed by this Act for the Yearen-

suing , and they are hereby impowered to pay and allow unto such Receiver, out of the Money arif-

ing by thij Ad, such Sum and Sums of Money, by way of Salary, or otherwise, as a Recompence lor

lutU Receiver’s Trouble and Expences* as they/or any Five or more of them, shall fee proper.

XVII.

Commissioners

to elett a Re-

r*Mvrr for e*ch

fliaritf ;

