The TITLES of

and Wallingford, through Halfpenny Lane, to The Old

Red House "upon Wantage Downs, and from thence to

Law bout n, in the said County of Berks.

io$. An Act for Amending, Widening, and Altering the

Roads leading frornCrickhowel, in the County of Bre-.

con, to the Cross Hands, beyond New Inn, in the Turn-

pike Road between tl* c City of Hereford and Ross, and

from a Place called The Lower Cross Ways, in the Panlh

of Saint Maughans, to the Town of Grcfmrunt, in the

County of Monmouth; and from a Smith’s Shop at

Stanton, in the Parish of Llanvihangcll, to Chapel a Fine,

in the same County ; and from the Turnpike Road, in

the Parish of Welsh Newton, in the County of Hereford,

to Ponttanajl, in the Parish of Cluddock, in the said

County.

106. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge

the Powers of so much of Two Acts, made in the

Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of King George

the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the

City of Glasgow, as relates to that Part of the Road

from the City of Glasgow to the Town of Dumbarton,

which leads through the County to the Town of Dum-

barton,

107. An Act for Repairing and Widening the Road from

the Forty-eighth Mile-stone, in the Parish of Carding-

ton, in the present Turnpike Road between Hitchin and

Bedford, to Great Bardford Bridge ; and for continuing

a Road from thence to th£ Great Northern Road, near

Temsford Bridge, in the County of Bedford.

108. An Act for Repairing and Widening the Roads from

Sheet Bridge to Portsmouth, and from Petersfeld to the

Alton Turnpike Road, near Ropley, in the County of

Southampton.

109. An Act for making and keeping in Repair a Road or

Passage for Horses, on the Banks of the River, Severn,

between Bewdley Bridge and a Place called The Meadow

Wharf, at Coalbrookdale, for hailing and drawing Vessels

along the said River $ and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

J10. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two

Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King

George the First, and the Twenty-first Year of the Reign

of King George the Second, for repairing the several

Roads leading from Birmingham, through the Town of

Wednesbury, to a Place called High Bullen, and to Great

Bridge, and from thence to the End of Gibbet Lane, next

adjoining to the Township of Bilfon; and from Great

Bridge, through Dudley, to King Sivinf'ord; and to the

further End of Brittel Lane, in the Counties of War-

wick% Stafford\ and Worcester.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 12 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for naturalizing Diederick Meyerhoff,

2. jfx An Act for naturalizing John Poel.

3* An Act for naturalizing John Henry Gentil.

4. An Act for naturalizing Francis Darius Laudumiey.

5. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Meadows, and Wade Grounds, within the Ma-

jior and Parish of North Crawley, in the County of

Bucks.

the STATUTES.

6. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields

and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Clareton with

Coneyftrot, and a Piece of Waste Ground, called Short-

fill, in the Manor of Allerton with Flax by, all in the

County of York.

7. An Act to enable Henry Peyton Esquire (lately called

Henry Dajhwood,) and his Issue, to use the Surname and

Arms of Peyton, pursuant to the Will of Sir Thomas

Peyton, Baronet, deceased.

8. An Act for naturalizing Peter Lewis De la Rive, and

Francis Mcnet.

9. An Act for Naturalizing James Samuel Jequier.

10. An Act for Sale of a Capital Freehold Messuage in

Saint James' Square, in the County of Middlesex, Part of

the entailed Estate of the Right Honourable Allen Lord

Bathurst, unto Sir Wat kin Williams Wynne, Baronet,

pursuant to ao Agreement; and for settling an Estate in

the County of Northampton, of greater Value, in lieu

thereof.

11. An Act for annulling and making void certain Arti-

cles of Agreement, made previous and in order to the

Marriage of George JVtlfon Esquire, and Anne Sybelle,

his now Wife, and the Settlement made after their Mar-

riage, in pursuance of the said Articles, in Confirmation

of a Decree and Order of the High Court of Chancery.

12. An Act for establishing and regulatings Charity, cal-

led Fcxley Charity, in the County of Northampton, found-

ed by Lady Catharine Leveson.

13. An Act for inclosing the Common Fields, Break

Lands, Half-year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of

Roudham, in the County of Norfolk.

14. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

Fields and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Skeff

fington, and County of Leicester.

15. An Act for dividing, alloting, and inclosing, the Com-

mon Fields, Half-year Inciouires, and Commons, and

Waste Lands, within the Parish of Fincham, in the

County of Norfolk.

16. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Waste Grounds within the Manor of Great Ormfide, in

the Parish of Ormftde, in the County of Westmoreland'.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, and

Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Township of Scaft-*

worth, in the County of Nottingham.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Waste

Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Woolley, in

the County of Huntingdon.

19. An Act for allotting, dividing and inclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable

Meadows, Pastures, Lands and Grounds, and Common

or Waste Land, of and within the Manor of Little King-

ton, Co?nbrooke and Brookehampton, in the County of

Warwick.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Moors,

or Commons, called Rigg Moor and Brearton Moor,

within the Manor of Brearton, in the Parish of Knaref-

borough, in the County of York.

2t. An Act for dividingand inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows,

Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within

the Hamlet of Der.Jhanger, in the Parish of Paffcnham,

in the County of Northampton.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Common-

able Places in the Parish of Handborough, in the County

of Oxford.

An

