A. Di 1771* Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 38, 229

c Owners of such Ships already failed up^n such Vova7c, and not yet returned Be it therefore provided

and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Owner or Owners of any Ship or Ships already failed

on the said Voyage and Fishery respectively, who have conformed themselves, in all Refpcds, to the Rules

and Directions prescribed by the several Acts of Parliament which were in Force at the Commencement of

this Act, for granting a Bounty upon such Ships, shall be allowed and intitled to receive the Bounty of forty

Sh.llings per 1'on for such Voyage, in the same Manner as he or they would have been intitled to receive

the fame, if this Act had not been made any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwirhstanding.

V III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for ^°b"fettredT

the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, to order the respective Receivers- [heComm^ffiJL

general of the Customs, in calc the Monies remaining in their Hands, arising hom the Old Subsidy, shall cri of the

not be iufficient, at any l ime or Times during the Continuance of tins Ad, to fotisfy the said Bounty of Customs.

fr;y Shillings per Ton, and thirty Shillings per Ton, and twenty Shillings per Ton, during the several

Period* herein before limited, payable on all Ships employed in the said Fishery, according to the Directions

of this present Act, to pay the fame out of any Monies that shall be in their Hands, arising from any of the

Duties and Revenues under their Management respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Commissionert

Culloms for England and Shetland respectively, fh dl, at the Beginning of every Sciiion of Parliament, lay \T before the

before both Houses of Parliament an Account in Writing under their Hands of what Number of Ships have i^Hi'ament, at

been employed in the Wh-lc Fishery to Davis's Streights and the Greenland Seas, with their respective the Con.mence.

Name*’' and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port in Great Britain they were dif- mentofeach

charged, and also what (Quantity of Oil, or Whale Fins each Ship shall have imported. NumbVof*

Ships h»*e beeo employed in the Whale Fiihcry, &c.

* X. And whereas it hath been found by Experience, that Ships under the Burthen of two hundred Tons owners of Sh^t

*' are fit for the said Fishery \ Be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That every under :coTom

Owner or Owners of any Ship or Ships, under the Burthen of two hundred Tons, which shall be employed Bu,r.ti,*",BlllJnt

in the said Fishery, who have conformed themselves, in all Respects, to the Rules and Directions herein according to^hc.r

before prelcribed to the Owners of Ships of two hundred Tons, shall be intitled to the said Bounty, as here- Admeafurfmcat.

in before limned, according to the Admeasurement of such Ship or Ships respectively.

XI. Provided always, and be it enadvd by the Authority* aforesaid, That no Ship, to be employed in No Ship above

the said Fishery, although she be above the Burthen of four hundred Tons, shall be intitled to a larger 4^o Ton? B<ir-

liounty than a Ship of four hundred Tons would be intitled to to^U ^'lnt‘l‘t

XII. Provided also, That nothing.in this present Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend,

to oblige the Owner or Owners of any Ship above the Burthen of four hundred Tons, in order to intitle provilb.

him or them to the said Bounty, to fit out, equip, and man, any such Ship, otherwise than as a Ship of

the Burthen of four hundreJ T orw only is, by this present Act, required to be fitted out, equipped, and

manned,

1 XIII- And whereas Applications have heretofore been made to Parliament for the Bounty on Ships cm- Owners may m--

•'ployed in the said Fishery, that have happened to be loft at Sea before their Return to Great Britain, and f‘*rc,hc Rourjty

• a Doubt hath arisen whether the said Bounty may be lawfully insured by the Owner or Owners of such joc> arclntl c

• Snips \ for obviating such Doubt, and for preventing any future Applications to Parliament for the

Bounty on any such Ships, be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be

lawful for the Owner or Owners of any Ship employed, or designed to be employed, in the said Fishery, to

inlure the Bounty which such Owner or Owners would be intitled to upon the Return of such Ship to the

Port to which the Master and Mate of such Ship shall have declared on Oath their Intention to return, and -

on the Performance of all other Matters directed and appointed by this present Act to be performed for

ebrnining the said Bounty.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day After Dee. 27,.

of December, one thousand seven hundred and Icventy-one, for and during the Space of fifteen Years, to be yj.ul ^Shi

computed from the said twenty fifth Day of December, one thou fond seven hundred and seventy-one, every ^"cu/Ironi

Ship built or fitted out in any of his Majesty’s Dominions in America, not being more than two Years old America to be

from the first building thereof, that proceeds from any Port in his Majesty’s American Dominions on the infwted by the

Pilhcry aforesaid, manned and navigated as by the Laws now in Force is directed, which shall, before flic at

proceeds on such Voyage, be vifred by the proper Oificer or Officers of the Customs belonging to such ,clt>caivi Fu,l%

Port, who shall take an Account of the Tonnage thereof in such Manner as is herein before directed con-

cerning British Ships which should be intitled to ths Benefits of this Act, and (lull certify such his or their

Vilitation, Examination, and Adrreafurrmenf, to the Governor or Commander in Chid of the Place

where such Ship shall be fit'e l out, or to the Naval Officer of such Port; and if it appear, by the said Cer-

tificate of such Officer or Officers, th it flic had, at the Time of giving fu^h Certificate, on board such a

Number of Men, Prnvisions, Boats, Fishtng-lincs, and Instruments, to be used in such Fishery as is herein

before required of British Ships which fhou'd be intitled to the Benefit of this present Act, and that flic is a

Ship strongly builr, and otherwise a Ship proper for such Voyage and Fishery, and had, at the Time of

granting the f.id Certificate, on boaid, among her Crew, fuclFa Number of Ilarpooners, Stccrfmen, and

Line-managers, who h. d before been employed in such Voyages (the Names of such Persons to be con-

tained in fuc 1 Certificate) according to the Directions aforesaid concerning British Ships to be employed in

the uid Fishery ; and if the Owner or Owners, and Master, or Chief Officer of such Ship, fti.ill, in Writ-

ing, nt the to >t of such Cenificarc, rn.tke such Oath before the Governor, Commander in Chief, or Na-

v*i Officer (ttho arc hereby impowered and required to admin.fter such Oath) as is herein before required

cf

