376 C; 18.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1772.*

fix Pipes, Ac,

and dedud the

Charges cut of

their Rcot.

Persons oect-

fioning Nuifan*

tef, by laying

Dirt, See. and

Carriages stand-

hereby reauired and authorised to grant) rendering the Overplus (if any be) when demanded, to the

#r Tenants may Person or persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold $ or, it shall and may be

lawful for such Tenant or Occupier to fix up Pipes and Trunks, and also ta remove all such Annoy-

ances, Projections, and Incroachments, and to aedu& and retain the Charges and Expences thereof,

and also of any Money which fh al or may be levied upon the Goods and Chattels of any such Tenant

or Occupier as aforesaid, out of his or her Rent; and every Owner, Proprietor, or Landlord, is hereby

required to allow the fame accordingly.

4 XLVI. And, in order to prevent Annoyances and Obstructions in the said Streets and Lanes/

be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall drive or place any Carriage whatsoever, or

shall drive any Wheelbarrow, or shall run any Wheel, or draw any Sledge upon the Foot-pavement

......  within the said Town and Parish; or shall throw or lay any, or shall permit or suffer to be thrown

ingVn^the Roid, or laid,' any Ashes, Dirt, Dust, Soil, Straw, Fern, Dung, or any other Filth or Annoyance what-

apd permitting soever, either upon the Carriage or Foot-pavements, in any of the said Streets and Lanes within the

s7ine J;,rBc said Town and Parish; or shallcarelessly or wilfully break or damage the said Pavements 5 or shall set

about the Streets, QUt or ]eave> or cause or procure to be set out or left, any Carriage, Timber, Stone, Cask, or any

other Matter or Thing which may occasion any Annoyance, Nuisance, or Obftrti£tron whatsoever,

in any of the said Streets or Lanes, so as to flop, obstrud, incommode, or endanger any Person or

Carriage passing therein, for the Space of Two Hours j or shall permit or suffer any Hog or Hogs to

go at large in any Street, Lane, or publicic Passage, within the said Town and Parish; or shall take

or carry away the Dirt, Filth, or Rubbi(h, which shall be in any of the said Streets or Lanes, unless

for that Purpose appointed by the said Commissioners, and shall be thereof convicded upon the Oath

of One or more W itnefs or Witnesses; every Person, offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, shall,

for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the said Commissioners any Sum not exceeding Ten Shil~T

to forfeit for

every OlYence

mot exceeding

^n$LVII t^an ^FCC- killings, °*fT anc* above the Costs and Charges of such Conviction.

any Street, Ac.

to lorfcir, for

each Otfertcf,

nut exceeding

201.

No Cart, Ac.

to be drawn

__________And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall hoop any Cask^

Pe rionshoopuig or hcw or saw> or cause to be hewed or fa wed, any Stone, Wood, or Timber; or bind, make, or re-

ar.y cask, c. m pajr any Wheel; or (hoe or bleed, clean or dress, or turn or drive loose, or place any Horse; or wet,

flack, or mix any Lime, or wet, mix, or make any Mortar; or shall or do assist in the making any Fire

or Fires, commonly called Bonefires; or set fire to, or let off, or throw any Squib, Serpent, or Rocket,

or Fireworks whatsoever, in any of the Streets or Lanes within the said Town and Parish; or

shall set, place, or expose to Sale, or cause, permit, or suffer to be set, placed, or exposed

to Sale, any Goods, Chattels, Wares, or Merchandises whatsoever, on the Foot or Carriage-

ways of any of the Streets or Lanes in the said Town and Parish, or any Part or Parts thereof;

or hang up or expose any Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, or any Matter or Thing, so as to

obflrudt or incommode the Passage of the Foot-way or Carriage-way of any Street or Lane in

the said Town and Parish 5 every Person so offending in either of the said Cafes, shall, for every

such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor less than Three

Shillings.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, shall be drawn

upon any of the said new Pavements with any other Tire, or larger Number of Horse* or Beaftf, than

wliecuTwoier atfuchTime they may lawfully pass upon any Turnpike Road, under the Penalty of Forty Shillings for

Penalty’of 40s. every Offence, to be paid by the Owner or Driver of every such Carriage.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That every Occupier of any House or Tenement within the said

fwepteve* Town anc* Parish, and* (in respectc to Houses let to Inmates} every House Owner shall Once in every

Sundays except- Day, (Sundays excepted) between the Hours of Eight and Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon of each

Day, ferape, sweep, and cleanse, the Foot-way all along the Front of their Tespective Houses or Tene-

ments, or cause the fame to be feraped. swept, and cleansed; and in Default thereof (halL for every such.

Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Shillings, nor less that One Shilling.

L. And be it further enaacd, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or

their Surveyor or Clerk, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to give Liberty and Licence to

any of the Proprietors or Inhabitants within the said Town and Parish, or their Builders or Workmen,

to make such Inclosure before their respective Houses in order to their pulling down, rebuilding, or re-

pairing, the fame, or any Vault, Drain, or Building, belonging thereto, and for laying t|ie necessary.

Materials for the fame; and the Rubbish arising therefrom; and no Person or Persons, acting under Li-

cence and in pursuance thereof, shall, during the Time thereby to be limited, be subje£l or liable to any

of the Penalties aforesaid.

__________ LI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may cause ev$ry House, Shop,

maye*«fe House* Wlrehouse, or Building, in each of the said Streets, Lanes, and publick Passages, to be marked or

u be numbered, numbered in such Manner as they shall think most proper for distinguishing the'fame; and if any Person

or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously destroy, pull down, injure, obliterate, or deface, any such De-

feription or Number, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the fame to be done, every Person so of-

' fending shall, for every fuen Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Shillings.

Houses, &c. to LIJ. Ancf be it further enacted, That all Houses and Buildings hereafter to be built or new-fronted ia

rife per pc adieu- the said Streets and Lanes, or either of them, shall, for the effectual and absolute Prevention of all Man-

lariy when built ner of projedions. Annoyances, and (nconveniencies thereby, rife perpendicularly from the Founds

or new fronted. tion . an(j jf any person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, presume to build or new-front,

or cause the fame to be done, or rife otherwise than perpendicularly from the Foundation, it shall and

may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, under their Hands and Seals, to cause the fame to be

3 pulled

cd.

L?m to inclose

before Houses

for rebuilding

an4 repairing.

Commissioners

