48* C. 38. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

sioners, or Trustees respectively, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be admitted to be read in Evi-

dence in all Courts whatsoever.

SavtagCJauTc. LXXXVII. And be it further enm&ed, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prejudice the

Rights of any Lord or Lords of any Manor or Manors, so that the Exercise of such Rights shall not

- ..... A interfere with or interrupt the Execution of this Act.

Publick Att. LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be

a Publick Act j and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, are hereby required to take

Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Squares, Streets,

Rows, Lanes, Alleys, and other publick Passages and Places, within the ParUh of Chrifi

Church, in Middlesex *r and for removing Nuisances and Obstructions therefrom, and

preventing the like for the future; and for paving and regulating such Parts of Brick

Lane as are not within the said Parish.

Preamble*  WHEREAS the Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, and other publick

€ VV Passages and Places within the Parish of Christ Churchy in the County of Middlesex, arc not

4 properly paved, nor sufficiently clean fed, and are in general greatly obstructed by sundry Nuisances:

4 And whereas it would be a great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of, and to all Persons

4 resorting to, the said Parish, if Powers were given to new-pave and to maintain and preserve the

4 Pavements of the said Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, and other Passages

and Places, and for cleansing the fame; and for removing all Nuisances and Obstructions therefrom,

and preventing the like for the future; And whereas an Act of Parliament was passed in the

AS it Geo. II. Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for lighting the Streets, and regulating

the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the said Parish: And whereas it would be convenient to

4 have the Provisions for those Purposes included in an Act with the Provisions for the said other Pur-

4 poses herein-before mentioned: And whereas a Lane called Brick Lane, (feme Parts whereof only

4 are within the said Parish of Christ Churchy and the ether Parts in the respective Parishes of Saint

4 Matthewy Bethnal Greeny and Saint Mary Mdtfelony otherwise Whitechapel), is a great Thoroughfare

4 for Carriages, and the only convenient one from the Water-fide, through Whitechapely to Spitai

4 Fieldsy Mile End New Towny Bethnal Greeny Shoreditch, and Parts adjacent, and being much out of

4 Repair and incommodious, it would be of publick Utility to have the whole of the said Lane properly

4 paved, and cleared of Nuisances and Obstructions; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it

4 may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflem-

bled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said Act of Parliament, passed in the Eleventh Year

of the Reign of His late Majesty King Georoe the Second, intituled, An Act for the better enlightening

the open Places, Street Sy Lanes, Passages, ana Courts, and for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and

Beadlesy within the Parish ^ChrilTChurch, in the County g/'Middlesex, shall be, and the fame is hereby

repealed. repealed.

ConmifioiKrt. II* And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable Lord Folkjlcney Sir George OJhurn Baronet,

Sir Robert Ladbroke Knight, Sir Benjamin Truman Knight, the Honourable Henry Lowes LuttreUy Mr.

Serjeant Glynn, Granville Wheeler, Hope Wilksy David Wilmoty George Keate, Samuel Whitbready John

Patterfony Clrjlotker Haley Richard Rufelly Charles Booth, Thomas Pbilips, Edward Hawkins, Esquires ;

the Reverend John Prichard Rector, and the Rector of the said Parish for the Time being; William

Neale and William /^//^Churchwardens, and the Churchwardens of the said Parish for the Time being;

John Bakery John Spiller, Charles Merry, Thomas Tri^uety Guy Bryany John Baker junior, Esquires;

Richard Picesy Thomas Handifydiy Peter Saubergucy Daniel Lardanty Richard Hewetty Isaac Dufrefy Da*

vid Delavtally Alexander Chrifheyjohn Fremont fen ior, Nicholas Jourdainy John Thorntony Francis Chilly

William Divertieyjohn Scholeck, James Turner, James Duthoity Robert Lumy Samuel Irelandy Francis Rancty

Joseph Lindsey, Thomas Kinlyfidey Rupert Mufgravey David Thompfony Peter Ouvry, Daniel AshUy, James

Ouvry, Christopher Pritchard, John Sabatier, Daniel Rojlothamy John Duplexy Thomas Vine, John Horton,

John Sugary Thomas Lcachmany William Wolv$ridgey and James Mercerony Gentlemen; shall be, and they

Cemmissionen. are hereby constituted and appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution,

lor Brick Lane III. Provided always, That the said John Horton, John Sugary Thomas Leachmany William Wolveridge,

oly* and James Mercerony and their Successors, to be chose in Manner herein-after mentioned, being Pro-

prietors of Estates in Brick Lane, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be Commissioners for the

Purpose of paving and rating that Part of Brick Lane which lies within the Parish of Saint Matthew,

Comrt»fltoncu jBethnal Greeny only, and to or for no other Purpose whatsoever,

kbw to bt «l«4i- jy. And be it further enacted, That when any Commissioner herein named, or who shall be ap-

pointed by virtue of this Act, shall die, or icfufe or neglect to act for the Space of Twelve Months,

it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, by Wri-

ting under their Hands and Seals, to elect another Person, being a Resident Pjoprietor, or a Vestry-

rnan of the said Parish, and not otherwise, to be a Commissioner in the Room of the Commissione/fo

dying or refusing to act, Ten Days previous Notice of the Time and Place of fleeting for every such

Election

