A.D. 1771.

Anno undecimo Georgii III,

287

C. 48, 49, 50.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Monty out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying

certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year one thousand Itven hundred and seventy-

onc; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, for carrying to the

Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the Two-seventh? Excise, and for enabling the

Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Trea-

surer for the time being, to pay to John Dclfon, Owner of the Greenland Ship Lord Molyneux, the Bounty

due for the said Ship on the last Year's Fishery.

CAP. XLIX.

An A <51 to continue for a further Time, an Act paffcJ in the sixth Year of his present Ma-

jesty’s Reiqn, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation cf Foreign-wrought bilks and Vel-

vets for a limited Time \ and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the

Silk Manufacture.

€ \\/HEREAS the Law herein after mentioned has by Experience been found useful and bcneficia1* Preimblp.

\ V and is near expiring May it please jour Majesty th.it it may be enacted; and be it enkbd by

the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice anJ Content of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

poral, and Commons, in this piefent Parliament aficmbltd, and by the Authority of the same. That an Act 6 Geo. 3.

Act, nude in rhe sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Jm-

4 piriation ol Foreign-wrough: Silks and Velvets lor a limited Time; and for preventing unlawful Com-

4 binations ot Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture/ which was to conrinuc in Force for five

Years, from the fourteenth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, and from thence to

the End of the then next befiion of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the further comi-

Expiration thereof until the fourteenth Day of Jute, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and from nued till Jane

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. *776.

CAP. L.

An Act for granting a Bounty upon the Importation of White Oak Staves, and Heading,

from the British Colonies or Plantations in America.

€ \\7 HEREAS the allowing a Bounty upon the Importation of White Oak Staves, and Heading for

Calks, from the British Colonies or Plantations in America into this Kingdom, under certain Re-

4 ftridions, may tend to promote the Trade and Intercourse of the said Plantations with Great Britain,

and be a Me ms of supplying the Manufactures of Casks for the Use of the Brewers and Diltiilers in this

4 Kingdom with such Materials at more reasonable Rates than they can at present be procured, as well as

4 of laving great Sums of Monty to his Majesty’s Subjects, which are now expended for the Purchase there-

4 of amongst foreign Nations iMay it therefore please your most excellent Majesty that it may be en-

acted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

of the fame, That from and after the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two,

every Person or Persons who {hall, within the Time appointed by this Act, import, or cause to be import-

ed, into the Ports of London, Southampton, Poole, Exeter, Plymouth, Bristol, Liverpoole, W hitehaven, Giaf-

/tu% Leith, Hull, Newcastle, and Yarmouth, or either of them, directly from any of the British Colonies

or Plantations in America, in any Ship or Ships that may lawfully trade thither, manned as by Law is re-

quired, any good, found, and merchantable Staves, and Heading of White Oak, free from Sap, Worm-

holes, Knots and Bites, of the following Dimensions, of the Growth or Product of the said Colonies or

Plantations, shall have and enjoy as a Bounty or Premium for such Importation, the following Sums; that

is to say.

Preamble.

After 1 Jan.

1771. Ferlcns,

within (he Time

appoint*t1, im-

porting into the

Porti cf London,

Southampton,

Poole, Scc.

found and n er»

cha table Staves

and I fra -ir g of

V/hi c Oak. the

For every one thousand and two hundred (each hundred containing five Score) of Pipe Staves, each cg^-' *!'ol l‘*c

Stave not being less than five I'\ct fix Inches long, from four Inches and One-half of an Inch to fix lner.cs ^vha^Ho'.niv

brujJ, and two Inches thick at the thinned Edge, which dull be so imported from the fi It Day of 'Janie- shall enj»y.

ary, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, to the li ft Day of January, one th.uif. ml seven hun-

Cre ! and Icvcnty-fivr, the Sum of fix Poun ^ arid in the like Proportion for any greater or less Number.

For every one thousand and cigh. such hundred of H.'gmcad Staves, eac h S.ave not being lc!s than four

Feet fix Inches long, from toir Inches and One-half of an Inch, to fix Indus broad, and one Inch and

One-half of an Inch thi, k at the thinned Ed^c, which shall be so imported from anJ after the said fir It Day

ofja-v ary, one thousand seven hundred and ilvcuty-lwo, to the full Day oi January one th >uf.md f vui

hundred and seventy five, the Sum of six Pounds, and in the like Proportion for any greater or le.s Num-

ber.

For every two thousand and four such hundred of Barrel Staves, each Stave being from three Feet fix

Inches to three Feet eight Inches at the kail in length, from lour inches to five Inches broad, and one Inch

and

