784- C. 52.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

A.D. 1773.

Cumfanics )

paid for the fame); and the Scrapings belonging to such corresponding Numbers which shall be so

reported Standard, or better, shall be taken out of the Affayer^ Box ana be folded up, and the Name

of the Maker of the Plate indorsed thereon, and immediately deposited in a Box to be provided for

that Purpose, (which {hall be called The Diet Box)% and which Box shall be locked with Three dist'e-

' rent Locks, and the respective Keys thereof shall be kept by Two of the said Wardens and Aflayer

and which said Box shall never after be opened but in the Presence of the said Wardens and Aflayer,

or any of the Diet taken thereout, bat for the Purpose of Trial thereof annually, as hereafter is men-

tioned; and the Moiety of the Scrapings, Drawing^, and Cuttings off, which shall be delivered, to the

Aflayer for the Purpose of Assaying, or so much thereof as shall remain after such Process, shall, in the

Presence of the Wardens, be put by the Aflayer together in the Aflayer’s Box, in a Part thereof to be

appropriated for that Purpose, to be disposed of as by this Act is hereafter directed.

Proviso. XII* Provided always nevertheless, and be it enarBed by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Plate

so brought to be afTiyed shall be reported to be of the Standard of Eleven Ounces Ten penny Weight*,

or better, that then the Moiety of the Drawings, Scrapings, or Cuttings off from such Plate, shall be

put in the Diet Box, in a Part thereof to be appropriated for that Purpose, and not blended with the

other Diet, to the Intent that the Diet of Plate of each of the aforesaid Standards may be separatety-

tried on the annual Trial of the Diet herein-after directed.

Silversmith or XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on or before the Twenty-ninth

p;a wotker Day of September next, every Silversmith or Plate-worker inhabiting in either of the Towns aforesaid,

not e. tenpg hn or within Twenty Miles of either of them, and also every Person who, at any Time after the said

vyJrdcm'of that Twenty-ninth Day of September, shall follow the Trade of a a Silversmith or Plate-worker, before he

Company takes upon him to exercise either of the said Trades shall enter his Name and his Mark, and Place of

nearrft wh ch Abode, with the Wa dens of that Company neared which he shall reside, which shall be done by

hc^aJ i e fide, the said Wardens upon Demand, without Fee or Reward; and if any such Silversmith or Plate-worker

shall not enter his Name and Mark, and Place of Abode, as aforesaid, or shall reside and carry on his

said Trade in any other Place than what he has so entered as the Place of his Abode, and shall not have

entered his Removal, or shall strike any other Mark on Plate than what is so entered, such Silver-

fcali forfeit 100I. fy’kh or Plate-worker so offending shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered and

disposed of as aforesaid.

p^ron* coun- XIV. And be it further enacted by Authority aforesaid, That if any Person whatsoever shall cast,

terfeitingof forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be cast, forged, or counterfeited, any Mark or Stamp

Mark* oritampt used, or to be used, for marking Plate, in pursuance of this A&, or by any Maker or Worker of Sil-

med bythsiaiA vcr pjatc> or any or either of them; or shall cast, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be

calf, forged, or counterfeited, any Mark, Stamp, or Impression, in Imitation of, or to resemble any.

Mark, Stamp, or Impression made, or to be made, with any Mark or Stamp used, or to be used, as

aforesaid, by the said Companies respectively, or by any Maker or Worker of Silver Plate, or any or

either of thpm; or shall mark or (lamp, or cause or procure to be marked or damped, any Silver

Wrought Plate with any Mark or Stamp which hath been or shall be forged or counterfeited in Imi-

tation of, or torefemble any Mark or Stamp used, or to be used, as aforesaid, by the saidCompanies

respectively, or by any Maker or Worker of Silver Plate, or any or either of them; or shall transpofe or

remove, or cause or procure to be transposed or removed, from One Piece of Wrought Plate to ano-

onc Piece to ano- ther, or to any plated Vessel, or to any Vessel of base Metal, any Mark, Stamp, or Impression, made,

th«, andexpof- or to ^ ma(je> by or with any Mark or Stamp used, or to be used, as aforesaid, by the said Com-

panies respectively, or by any Maker or Worker of Silver Plate, or arty or either of them; or shall

fell, exchange, or expose to Sale, or export out of this Kingdom, any Silver Wrought Plate, or any

Vessel of base Metal, with any such forged or counterfeit Mark, Stamp, or Impression thereon, or any

Maik, Stamp, or Impression, which hath been or shall be transposed or removed from any orher Piece

of Plate, knowing such Mark, Stamp, or Impression, to be forged, counterfeited, or transposed, or

removed, as aforesaid; or shall wilfully or knowingly have or be possessed of any Mark or Stamp which

hath been, or shall be, forged or counterfeited, in Imitation of, or to resemble any Mark or Stamp

used, or to be used, as aforesaid, by the said Companies respectively, or by any Maker or Worker of

______ Silver Plate, or any or either of them; every such Person offending in any, each, or either of the

▼^Kion, be tria* Cafes aforesaid, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall, by Order of the Court before whom such

sported to Ame- Offender shall be convicted, be transported to some of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America

ricafor 14Ytu*. for the Term of Fourteen Years.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any working Silversmith or

Dealer in Wrought Plate, or any Worker or Dealer in any other Metal plated or covered with Silver,

shall strike, or cause to be struck, any Letter or Letters upon any Vessel, or other Thing made of

Metal plated or covered with Silver, or upon any Metal Vessel, or other T hing made to look like Sil-

ver; such Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; to be recovered

and dispoied of as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Silversmith and Plate-

worker shall first fix his or their Mark upon his or their Plate which shall be made from and after the

Twenty-ninth Day of September next, (except, such Things which by reason of their Smallness or

Thinness are not capable or receiving the Touch), and shall then bring or fend the fame to the Office

where they shall have entered their Mark, and Place of Abode, and the fame shall be there allayed ac-

cording to this Act; and if by the Aflayer k shall be found to be of the Finenefs of Standard, which

for

or trtnfpofing

Stamps from

ip| such Sale ;

shall, on Con*

Dealers in plated

Meta) causing

Lt iters to be

(truck thereon,

to forfeit 100 1.

A flayers to take

n* t exceeding is.

for rvery lb,

Troy of

Wrought Plate

allayed.

