A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georg 11IIL C. 29. 161

City and Liberties, will be sufficient, by Degrees, also to defray the Expence of making new Sewers and

4 public Drains and Vaults, where wanted, and of enlarging and altering old ones where necessary, and

the Expence of repairing and cleansing all the said Sewers, Drains, and vaults, ought to be defrayed by

the Landlords or Proprietors of the Houses and Lands within the said City and Liberties :* May it there-

fore please your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ana Commons, in this present

Parliament act'embled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing this Act, the

foie Power of ordering, designing, making, enlarging, widening, deepening, raising, altering, removing,

repairing, cleansing, and scouring, of all Common Sewers, Drains, and Vaults; and of paving, clean-

ing, and lighting the several Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, ana Places,

within the said City of London and Liberties thereof, shall be, and the fame is hereby veffed in the Mayor

and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, to be executed by such Persons as by the Mayor, Aider-

men, and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, shall, from time to time, be no-

minated, and, under the Common Seal of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, be appointed

for that Purpose $ which said Person so from time to time to be nominated find appointed, shall be, and

they are hereby constituted Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That the Authority of the said Commissioners for The Recorder

the time being shall nowise be suspended or taken away, save by the Appointment, from time to time, of and Common

new Commissioners for the said City and Liberties: Provided also, That the Recorder and Common Ser- Serjeant: shall be

jeant of the said City of London for the time being shall be, and they are hereby constituted and appointed Coa^mli^,on€Jr,

two of the Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution.

III. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared. That all the Powers and Authorities The Powers to

by this Act granted to or veiled in the said Commissioners hereby constituted as aforesaid, shall and may, be exrrcifed by

from time to time, be exercised by the major Part of such of them as shall attend at any public Meeting of the m*ior

the said Commissioners, to be holden as herein after mentioned, the Number of the said Commissioners

present at such public Meeting not being less than seven, (except for the Purpose of adjourning) and all fioner*

Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of the said Commissioners present at such public Meeting, (hair have the

fame Force and Effect as if done or made by all the Commissioners constituted by this Act.

IV. And it is hereby further declared and enacted, That the first public Meeting of the said Commis- First public

sioners, to be had by virtue of and under this Act, shall be at such Time and Place, within the said City Meeting,

and Liberties, as the Mayor of the said City shall think proper to order and appoint: And the said Mayor

is hereby directed to order and appoint such first public Meeting to be held on or before the first Day of

*Junt next, and to cause the said Commissioners to be summoned to attend the fame.

V. And it is hereby further enacted and declared. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the major Power to t4«

Part of the said Commissioners present at such public Meeting, or at any subsequent public Meeting of thej°ttrn*

said Commissioners (the Number so attending not being less than three) to adjourn such public Meeting to

any future Day and Time, and to any Place within the said City and Liberties: Provided always. That

every Commissioner shall have Notice to attend at such adjourned public Meeting, by Summons from tho

Clerk to the said Commissioners for the time being.

VI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful to and Mayor to ap-

for the Mayor of the said City for the time being, from time to time, to appoint a public Meeting of the point» public

said Commissioners, at any Time and Place within the said City or Liberties, which he shall judge proper Me<tij>«‘

for the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding any Adjournment or Non-adjournment of the said Com*

missioners \ and shall cause the said Commissioners to be summoned to attend the feme.

VIE And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may, from time to time, Commissioneri

at any of their said public Meetings, cleft and appoint one or more Clerk or Clerks, and one or more Sur- »ppomt

vcyor or Surveyors, and also such and so many other Officers as they shall find necessary for the due Exe-Clerkf*

cution of this Act (fourteen Days Notice of their Intention to proceed to such Election or Appointment

having been first printed and publaihed in two or more of the Daily Newspapers, and Notice thereof being

also expressed in the Summons for such public Meeting); and the said Commissioners shall take such Secu-

rity as they shall think proper for the due Execution of such respective Offices 5 and shall and may, from

time to time, remove any of the said Officers at their Will and Pleasure, and appoint others in the Room

of such as shall die, or be removed as aforesaid: And the said Commissioners shall and may, out of the

Monies arising or to arise by virtue of this Act, appoint and pay such Salaries, Gratuities, and Allowances,

as they shall judge reasonable, to such Officers, and to all such other Persons as shall have been or shall b#

employed in, or aiding and assisting about the Execution of this Act.

VIll. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Clerk, Surveyor, or other Officer or Servant, who cierkt, At. Gull

shall be employed by the said Commissioners, in the Execution of this Act, or any Part thereof, shall not uke Fee.

exact, demand, take, or accept any Fee, Gratuity, or Reward whatsoever (other than such Salaries, Al-

lowances, and Rewards, as shall be appointed, allowed, and approved of by the said Commissioners) for

or on Account of any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, or for forbearing to do any Thing

hereby or by the said Commissioners directed to be done, on any Account whatsoever, relative to the Exe-

cution or Non-execution of this Act, or shall anyway be concerned in Interest, in any Bargain made or to

be made by the said Commissioners, for any of the Purposes intended by this Act, every Person so offending

shall, from thenceforth for ever, be incapable of being employed under this Act; and mall, over and above-

forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall fuc for the fame, to be recovered

in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at H^eJImin/ler^ or within the said City, by Act ion of Debt, Bill,

plaint, or Information, to be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Offeree cunmitted ;

Vol. XI. Y in

