A.D. 1772.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

c. 63, 64. SSJ

Three or more of them, who shall and may, in their own Name or Names, or in the Names of any

Two or more of them, or in the Name of the Treasurer for the Time being, to be appointed by the«nd if the Con-

said Lord Bishop of Durham, or his Successors, bring an Action of Debt, or upon the Cafe, in any of

His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Pleas at Durham, a^ainst any rcr-

foh Or Persons so contrasting and neglefling to perform the fame, in the Manner, or in the Time, set forth

in any such Contrast, for the Penalty or Penalties which shall be contained in any such Contrast or

Security, or for any Breach of the Covenants or Agreements therein respectively to be contained; and

the said Trustees or Treasurer shall be intitled to, and shall recover such Penalty or Penalties, or Da- -

mages sustained or occasioned by such Breach of Covenants or Agreements; and the fame, when reco-

vered, shall be applied for the rurposes of this AS.

XIV. And be it further enacted and declared. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said TruAmcow*

Trustees, or any Three or more of them, with the Approbation, in Writing, of the said Lord Bishop compound

of Durham, or his Successors., from Time to Time, according to the best of their Judgment, and with-

out Partiality, to compound for and agree with any such Person or Persons so contracting, and who IU®*

shall so neglect to perform the Contrast in Manner, or within the Time, therein expreflld, for any Pe-

nalty or Penalties contained in any Contrast or Contrasts, Security or Securities, or Damages, for such

Sum or Sums of Money as the said John Lord Bishop of Durham, his Successors, and the said Trustees,

or any Three or more of them, shall think reasonable.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer for the Time being, so to be appointed as afore- Treasurer,out

said, shall, from Time to Time, by and out of the Money which shall come to his or their Hands, or of

be received by him or them in pursuance of this Act, pav, by Inllalmenrs, or otherwise, as in any L TwoH*

such Contrast or Contrasts shall be expressed, all such bum and Sums of Money as shall therein re maac of*ll

speflively be stipulated or agreed to be paid for the due Performance, or in respefl o! any of the Works vroiks&c.

or Repairs to be made or done in pursuance of this Act, or in any wise relating thereto; and all sinh

other Charges and Expences as shall be necessarily incurred by, or anywilr relate to the r xecuti in of

the Trusts reposed, 01 to be reposed in the Lid Trustees, by or in pursuance of th s Ad; and in case ^rpiu^ro^e

any Surplus shall remain in the Hands of the said Treasurer for the Time being, afer the f.id One- pi,lir<i rothe

third Part of the said Bridge, so belonging to the said See of Durham as aforesaid, shall be rebuilr, ini- p^n. ntot Ab-

proved, or cffeflually repaired, the fame shall be charged with, and shall be applied in and towuids the net.

Payment of the said Annuities.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges and Expences incident to, or attend- E*penc*i oftks

ing the obtaining and puffing this Afl, shall be paid and discharged out of the First Monies which shall how to to

be received by the Treasurer so to be appointed as aforesaid, and by virtue or in pursuance of this pai

Afl.

XVIL And be it further enacted, That this Afl shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Afl; PuUickAft,

and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges and Justices, and other Persons whomso-

ever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXIII.

Ati Afl for redeeming One Million five hundred thousand Pounds of the Capital Stocks of Three

Pounds per Centum Annuities, in the Manner, and on the Terms therein mentioned; and for establiih-

ing a Lottery.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for building Two new Chapels, and providing Burial Places thereto, within the

Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.

WHEREAS the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, is a large and populous PictmU*

trading Place, the Inhabitants whereof are of late Years greatly increased in Number: And

whereas there are but Two Churches, and One small Chapel, in the said Town, which together are

4 not capable of containing One Sixth Part of the Inhabitants professing the Doflrine of the Church of

England, to the great Repioach of civil Society, and Contempt of Holy Religion: And whereas the

Inhabitants of the said Town are desirous that Two new Chapels may be erected, and Chapel-yards or

4 Ccemeteries annexed thereto, as also Dwelling-houses erefled for the Residence of the Ministers ofli-

dating therein, and have entered into a voluntary Subscription for those Purposes, but the Sums sub-

4 feribed will not be sufficient to raise Fabricks large enough: And whereas Dorothy Weamany of Sutton

4 Coldfield, in the County of Warwick, Widow, and Mary JVeaman, of the same Place, Spinster, Pro-

prictors of certain Closes or Parcels of Land adjoining to the said Town, being desirous of promoting

4 so pious a Design, have voluntarily offered to give Three Acres and Eight square Yards of the said Lands,

c as the fame is now marked or set out, to build One of such Chapels upon, in order to be consecrated

and set apart for the publick Worship of Almighty God, according to the Usage of the Church of

4 England, and for making a Chapel-yard or Coemetery thereto, and for building a House thereupon,

4 for the Residence of the officiating Clergyman; and also to lay out proper Roads or Avenues thereto,

4 as herein-after mentioned: And whereas George Davis, Jcfiph May, James Baker, William Mason,

4 Robert Moor, John Bedford, William Walsingham, Joseph smith, Joseph Webfitr, William May, Michael

4 0 1 i Lakin%

