8j6 C. 74.. Anno decimo tertio Georg 11 III. A.D. ,773-

levied, collected, and paid, unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, a Duty of Two Shil-

lings and sixpence for and upon every Negroe which shall be imported into the said III ind of Dominica^

or which shall be brought into any Port, Harbour, or River, belonging to the said island, with an

Intent to be landed, fold, or reshipped on Board any other Vessel there, in order to be carried into

any other Colony or Place whatsoever ; and also a Duty of Two: Shillings and Sixpence upon every

Negroe which shall be exported from the said Island of Jamaica ; which said respective Duties shall be

deemed and taken to be Sterling Money of Great Britain, and shall be respectively received, raised,

levied, collected, paid, and recovered, and shall be applied and disposed of, in such and the fam©

Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Duties, hereby repealed and taken off are by the

said recited Act directed to be.received, raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, applied, and

disposed of.

Timberoftke V. And whereas there are growing in the said Island of Dombiica great Quantities of Timber and

Growth of Do- Wood fit for building Sugar Mills and other Purposes: And whereas those Articles are frequently

*7orted^idim- PLrcnakd by the Inhabitants of the other British Islands, Colonies, and Plantations in A.nericas frorn

pmtVinto A-" Foieigners, at a great Expence ; be it therefore further enadrd by the Authority aforesaid, That

mcrica,subjea from and after the said First Day of November, in the prefect Year One thousand seven hundred and

to the Penalties seventy-three* any Timber or Wood of the Growth or Produce of the said Island of Dominica, may

in Act 12 Car. W. be exported therefrom, and imported into, any o her of His Majesty*$ Islands, Colonies, or Planta-

tions, in America, in any Ship or VefTd, British built, r.ot having more than one Deck, and navi-

gated according to Law, and landed therein, under such Securities, Regulations, and Restrictions, and

subjeit to the fame Penalties and Forfeitures, as are mentioned in an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of

King Charles the Second, (intituled, An Act for encour.iging and in ere a flag of Shipping and Navigation),

until the First Day of November, One thousand liven hundred and seventy-ftx, and from thence to the

End of the then next Session of Parliament; the said herein first-recited Act;, or any other Act, Law,

* or Usage, to the Contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXIV.

/An Act for the better ascertaining the Tonage and Burthen of Ships and Vessels import-

ing and exporting Goods into and from this Kingdom, or hovering upon the Coasts

thereof-, for amending so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for

lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, as relates to the suing

for the Penalties and Forfeitures thereby inflicted in the Court of Exchequer in Scet-

land \ for appropriating the Duty on Oak Baric, granted by the said Act ; and for ob-

viating Doubts which have arisen with respect to the allowing the Drawback upon

certain Callicoes and the Bounty upon 5r//{/fc-made Cordage exported to the Islands of

Maderta, the Canary Islands, and the ^w^oeWeftern Islands.

Preamble.

Act 6 Geo. I.

.Rule by which

Ships are to be

m afired for

ascertaining the

Tonage.

4 T T T HEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late

4 yV ' Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the pub*

4 lick Revenues of Excise, Cujhms, Stamp-duties, Post Office, and House Money, and by several subse-

4 quent Acts of Parliament, a Rule is prescribed for admeasuring of Ships and Vessels importing

*4 Brandy and other Spirits, and hovering upon the Coasts of this Kingdom with various Goods pro-

4 hibited to be imported here ; but no Rule being prescribed by Law for the admeasuring of Ships of

4 Vessels exporting Spirits fromGreat Britain into foreign Parts, and in various other Cafes where

4 the Tonage and Burthen of Ships or Vessels, trading to and from (his Kingdom is necessary to be

4 known and ascertained ; and it being expedient that One certain Rule for this Purpose should be

4 settled and established in all Cafes, to prevent any Disputes that may arise concerning the Tonage

4 and Burthen of such Ships or Vessels,’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most 'Excellent Ma-

jesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lord* Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament aflT.mbled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the First

Day of Augu/?, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, the Tonage and Burthen of any Ship

or Vtllcl importing or exporting Brandy, or other Spirituous Liquors, or any other Goods whatfo-

ever, into or from this Kingdom, or hovering upon the Coasts thereof, and where the Owner or Pro-

prietor, or other Person, (hill be intitled to any Bounty or Allowance, according to the Tonage

of any Slip or Vessel, and in all other Cafes whatsoever where the Tonage and Burthen of any Ship

or VelT-1 shall be necessary to be ascertained an 1 known by any Act or Acts of Parliament made, or

hcreifter to be made, cone rning the Revenues of Customs, Excise, or Salt Duty, the Rule for ad-

ineafurin? such Snips or Vefllls shall be as follows ; 'that is to say. The Length shall be taken on a

(freight Line along the Rabbet of the Keel of the Ship, from the Back of the Main Stern Post to a

perpendicular Line from the Forepart of the Main Stern under the Bowsprit, from which substracting

Three-hums of the Breadth, the Remainder shall be esteemed the just Length of the Keel to find the

Tonage ; and the Breadth shall be taken.from the Outside of the outside Plank, in the broadest Place

of the Ship, be it eiiher above or below the Main Whales, exclusive of all Manner of doubling

Planks that may be wrought upon the Sides of the Ship, then multiplying the Length of the Keel by

the

