14$ C. 23.

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1771.

tire Kates,

in which Action or Suit, no EfToin, Protcdion, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be

allowed.

Vacant Ground XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Landlords, Owners, Tenants or

to be fenced in Occupiers, of any wajte or vacant Piece of Ground, or Scile of any Hotife or Tenement, lying in or ad-

afthc Q<pence joining to any of the Streets, Lanes, or Places comprised in this Act, which shall lie open and unfenced

© c wners. jrom tj,e fanu.? or where the Fence shall be in a ruinous Condition, or out of Repair, shall, within fix

Days after Notice delivered to him, her, or them, or any or either of them, by Order of the said

CommifiLners, or any five or more of them, well and sufficiently fence in the Premises mentioned m

such Notice, or caule the old Fence (if any) to he well and sufficiently rcpaiied within the Time aforesaid:

And in case such Works shall not be completely finished within the Time aforesaid, it shall and may be

lawful for the fail! Conmillioneis, or any live or mute of them, to order and cause the fame to be done,

completed, and finished; and the T enant or Occupier thereof, or other Person in Polleilion thereof, or

felled thereof, to whom such Notice as aforesaid shall have been given, shall pay the Expence thereof

upon Demand of the Person authorised by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to receive

the lame: And in ede of Refusal or Ncgkcl to pay the lame, it shall and may be lawful for such Person

or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall au.horife, appoint, order, or

direct, for that Purpose, to bring, commence, and piofecute one or more Actions or Suits for the Reco-

very of such Expence, together with Coils of Suit, from the Person or Peiions so neglecting or refuting

to pay aforesaid.

Tenants 4 XLIV. And, to the End the said Rates may be more effectually collcded and received/ Be it further

Occup’trs to payenacted, T hat dl and every Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupicis, of Lands, Houses, Shops,

Warehouse.', W'naifs, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, are and shall be liable to pay ail and every the

Rates and Aildlments that shall have been rated and a Helled by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of the

Tenement or Tenements by him, her, or them respectively occupied, and all Arrears thereof accruing and

becoming due while the said Tenements were empty and unoccupied, when no Composition shall have

L cn made as aforesaid, to the Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons appointed by the said

Comniiiiioners as aforesaid; and shall he subject to such Distress and Imp. ifonment as aforesaid, in case of

Non-payment thereof as aforesaid: And in case of such Payment, such Tenant or Tenants, and Occupier

or Occupiers, shall be at Liberty, and is and are hereby authorised to dedud and detain, out of his, her,

and their Rent, such Proportion of f.ch Rates, as he, she, or they shall respectively pay for or on account

of the several Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Landlord or Landlords of such Lands,

Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Autho ity aforesaid. That when any Person or Persons, who

hath or have been rated and a fie fled by virtue of this Act, shall quit his, her, or their Dwelling-houie,

Warehouse, Wharf, Shop, Vault, Cellar, or Tenement, whereupon such Rate or Afleilment has been

made, befoie he, she, or they shall have paid the lame, and shall act.rwarus refuse to pay the fame when

due, and demanded as aforesaid, by the Person or Perkins authorised and appointed to collect and receive

the fame; that then, and in every such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons

as shall be appointed by the said Commiaioneis, or any five or more of them, and every or any of them,

by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of one or more Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said

County or Place (which Warrant the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and required

to grant) into any Place within their respective Jurisdictions, or out of the Limits thereof, such Warrant

being fiiit backed or countersigned determined by some Magistrate in the County, City, or Liberty, where the Di-

firefs is to be m:^e; to distrain the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Perions so neglecting or refusing,

and the fame to fell, rendering the Cve plus, (if any such shall be) after deduding the reasonable Charges

and Expences of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels demanding the fame.

XLVI. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Comniiiiioners, or any

five or more of them, with two or more Justices of the Peace of the County or Place aforesaid, and they

aie hereby impowered, upon the Complaint of any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any Rate

jemit Races. or Rates, AiTcflment or Assessments, to be made by virtue of this Act, and also to remit or excuse the

Payment theicof ^y any Person or Persons, hereby made subject to the Payment thereof, for or on account

of the Poverty or Indigence of such Person or Persons, or Inability to pay: And the said Commissioners,

or any five or more of them, shall appoint or order the Time and Place of hearing such Complaints; and

any two Justices of the Peace for the County or Place aforesaid, are hereby required to attend on the Bu-

finefs aforesaid, on being rcauefted thereunto determined by Writing, under the Hands of any five or more of the said

Commissioners, who shall also cause Notice thereof to be left in Writing with, or at the Place of Abode of,

the Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to pay such Rates after Demand made as aforesaid, which No-

tice fl all be sufficient.

Person* paying XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons paying the Rates and Assess-

fll\Rdatf ’ ,eXqt ments by this Act laid, within the Streets, Lanes, and Places to be paved ns aforesaid, shall be, and they

onic^Exience* an^ ev^ry of them is and are hereby exempted and discharged from all other Charges and Expences of

of Paving. paving the fame Streets, Lanes, and Places, or any Part or Parts thereof, and also from all Penalties which

may or mi^ht be incurred by reason or means of their neglecting to pave the fame respectively; any Law,

Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwhhilanding.

XLVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case any Collector of the said Rates or Assessments

shall become insolvent, or shall imbezzle or make away with, detain or misapply, any Sum or Sums of

Money so collcded by him for the Purposes aforesaid, or shall die poflcfTcd of any Sum or Sums of Money

by him or them collected by virtue of this Act, or so as the fame cannot be obtained by the Time the said

Commissioners

Occupiers quit-

ting without

pav.nf Rates,

i>iuj be follow-

ed.

Commifilcners

v.ith two fuf-

Th case of Col-

leflcm becon.in^

infolvcn^ the

Woney to be

again allelled.

