414- C. 26.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1772.

Horse, Cattle, Bead, and Carriage, but shall be permitted to pa(i Toll-free throu gh such other Gate

or Turnpike-g*tes, or Turnpikes, upon producing a Note or Ticket of his, her, 01 their having

paid the Toll at any One of the said Gates or Turnpikes, which said Note or Ticket the Collectors

are hereby required to give gratis ; nor shall any Persons, who have paid the Toll hereby granted for

•the passing with any Horle, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, through any Gate or Turnpike set up by

virtue of this Act, be subject or liable to pay the same Day at the fame Gate or Turnpike for the

passing with the fame Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, but shall be permitted to pass Toll-free

through such Gate or Turnpike, at which he, (he, or they shall have so paid, upon producing a like

Note or Ticket to be in like Manner given for that Purpose, of his, her, or their having paid that

Day at such Gate or Turnpike ; every such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at

Night to Twelve of the Clock in the fuecceding Night.

:*e»«rtofcefet XXII. Provided also and be it enacted, That if the said Commissioners, or their Successors, shall at

*p on Side of any Time or Times set up or place any Rails or Fences across any Lands or Droves leading into the

Road Gate said Roads, where no Toll house shall be erected, then they the said Commissioners, or their Successors,

Lan?CM^ a K ^et a Gate *n Fences, and find and provide gratis for every Occupier of Lands, who from the

to*be’given, *7 Situation of his or her Land shall have Occasion to pass through the said Fences, One or more Key or

! her Expeiice of

'Commitfionen.

Per font permit*

.-missionen.

Keys to open the Lock or Locks on such Gate or Gates, so that such Occupier or Occupiers shall and

may have a Pafiage for himself or herself, his, her, or cheir Servants, Cattle, and Carriages, to and from

his or her Land; and that if such Occupiers shall lose such Key, then he^ or (he so losing the fame shall

provide another at his or her own Expence.

XXIII. Provided, that if any such Occupier of Land, his or her Servant or Servants, shall wilfully

'ting private Paf- JeaV<? any such Gate or Gates open, or permit any Person or Persons, not intitled to such Passage, to

tSi Pa^s such Gate or Gates to evade the Payment of the TolU to be collected by virtue of this Act,

,401/ C t^en every such Person shall, for every such offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings; to be recovered

and applied as the other Penalties and Forfeitures are herein-after directed to be recovered and applied.

*Gite% Fences, XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Property of all the Turn-

-mnd Toll'hoefes, pikes, Fences, and Toll-houses to be erected by virtue of this Act, and of the Materials for building the

}a_p9mm fame, and all Materials actually got for repairing the said Roads, shall be, and are hereby velted in the

“ ^ said Commissioners, and their Successorsi and that they, or any Five or more of them, arc hereby im-

powered to commence or prosecute any Action or Aftiocs in the Name or Names of any On£ or more

of them, or of their Treasurer or Clerk, or to prefer any Indiftmeot or Indictments against any Person

or Persons who shall disturb them in the Possession thereof.

Power to XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and

tTolls for Three for the said Commissioners, and their Successors, and the major Part of them, 9fiembled at any of the

said General Half-yearly Meetings, upon Twenty-eight Days Notice in Writing being affixed upon

jt 0 ice. fh* several Turnpikes upon the said Road, and on the Church Doors of Ratnfey and Doddington afore-

said, to demise and lease the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act, or any of them, unto any Person or

* Persons, from Year to Year, or for any Term of Years, not exceeding Three Years, for the best Rent

that can be got for the fame, payable at such Times^ and under such Covenants, and to such Person or

Persons as they the said Commissioners, or Successors, or the major Part of them, assembled at such

General Meeting as aforesaid, shall direct or appoint.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, and their

Successors, and the major Part of them, so assembled as aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time, apply the

Monies arising from the said Tolls in erecting and repairing T urnpikes and ToU-houses, and in repair-

in?, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair-the said Roads leading from Carter s Bridge aforesaid,

along the said Forty Teet Bank, to the said Forty Feet Bridge, and for no other Purpose whatsoever.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. T hat the several Person and

Persons herein before nominated and appointed Commissioners for the wnbanking the River Nene and

Forty Feet Drain, shall be and hereby are appointed Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution

with respect to the said Road and Tolls to be collected thereon; and that no Person {Trail be capable of

acting as a Commissioner for the said Road, and T olls to be collected thereon, unless he shall have or

be seised in his own Right, and be in the actual Possession, Enjoyment, or Receipt of the Rents and

Profits of the fame Quantity of Land which intitle him to act as a Commissioner under this Act, relating

to the imbanking and draining the Lands and Tenements therein comprised.

They-may lower XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to

l oll* with Con- and for the said Commifliuneis, or any Nine or more of them, from Time to Time, at any Meeting

sent of Credi- or Meetings to be held for that Purpose, with the Consent of the Mortgagee or Mongagees of the said

™ 28 Day* Tolls, to kflen or vary all or any of the Tolls by this Act granted, for such 'Time and T imes as they

the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall think proper; and majy afterwards, if there

shall be Occasion, advance or raise the fame again, so as the fame do not exceed the Tolls by this Act

granted; and such Tolls* so lessened or altered, shall be collected, recovered, and applied in the fame-

Manner as the Tolls hereby granted are directed to be collected, recovered, and applied ; but no Meet-

ing shall be held for the lefl'ening the said Tolls, unless Twenty-eiftit Days previous Notice at the least

, .be given-thereof in Writing, to be affixed upon all the Gates and Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of

this Act, and upon the Church Doors of Ramsey and Doddington aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall,

with any Horse, Cattle, Beaff, or Carriage whatsoever, pass through any Gate, Land, PalLge, or pri*

vatc Way, adjoining to or lying near any Turnpike to.be.by virtue of .this Act erected, through which

such

. Application «f

lolls.

• Qualification of

• Commissioners

of Road and

Toll* 1

Perftni evading

Payment of

Tolls, to forfeit

.40 s.

