A.D. 177a. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 23. 387

to lessen and reduce the aforesaid Rates and Duties granted by this A&, as they shall judge reason-

ableand expedient, and the State of the said Rates and Duties wiJl permit.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this A&, and all the Powers Commencement

and Authorities of the fame, and the Rates and Duties thereby granted, shall commence and take and Continuance

place from and after the First Day of June% One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and shall'of the Aa*

continue from thenceforth for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and until the End of the then next

enfuine Sessions of Parliament.

XXXVI, And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Suit or Action it may b« plea-

shall be commenced against the said Trustees, or any other Person or Persons, for any Thing done in ded « Actiona

pursuance. of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants, in such Suit or Action, may produce this Act, ®rouShu

and plead that , the said Things were done in Pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it

shall appear so to be done, that then the Defendants shall be absolved from every such Suit, Action or

Actions, and shall have Double Costs and Expences in the Defence thereof awarded to them, from and

against the Prosecutor or Piofecutors of the fame. ‘

- XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sheriffs, Justices of the*)*«"*#

Peace, Judges, and Magistrates, with their Officers, Messengers at Arms, and all other Officers and

Executioners of the Law whatsoever, and every of them, are hereby required to be aiding and assisting <ut,°*

in putting this Act into due and effectual Execution: And that this Act shall be deemed, taken, and

allowed, in all the Courts of Law and Equity, as a Pablick Ad; and all Judges and Justices are1* *

hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors 5 and for indemnifying the Marshal of the

King's Bench Prison from Prosecutions^at Law, for certain Escapes from the said Prison.

ITRflER E A S many Persons, by Lofies, and other Misfortunes, are rendered incapable of paying Pitimto*

4 W their whole Debts; and though they are willing to make the utmost Satisfaction they can, and

( many of them are able to serve His Majesty by Sea or Land, yet are detained in Prison by their Cre-

4 ditors, or have been forced to go into Foreign Parts out of this Realm: And whereas such unhappy

4 Debtors have always been deemed the proper Objects of publick Compassion; and, by several Acts of

4 Parliament, have been discharged on the Conditions in such Acts mentioned: For the Relief there-

4 fore of Insolvent Prisoners and Fugitives, who shall comply with the Terms contained in this Act, to

4 be respectively observed by them, ar.d faithfully discover, upon Oath, and deliver up and assign, all their

4 Effects and Estates whatsoever for the Benefit of their Creditors; and to prevent, as far as possible,

the many Frauds and Abuses which, in a great Measure, have obstruded the good Ends of fuen Acts

be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

the fame. That from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Gaoler, or Keeper of any Prison, Alphabetical

in any County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, within this Kingdom, shall, is, and Lift* to be made

are hereby required to make a true, exact, and perfect Lift, alphabetically, of the Name or Names of ?ut of Prisoner*

all and every Person or Persons who, upon the First Day of January, One thousand seven hundrcJ and JJc£tu^iaJ,orf

seventy-two, was or were, or at any Time (ince have been, and at the Time of making out every such

Lift shall be, really an actual Prisoner or Prisoners, in the Custody of any Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper that Date; Fitft

of any Prison respectively, upon any Process whatsoever, for or by reason of any Debt, Damage, Costs, D«y of Jan.

Sum or Sums of Money, Contempt, or otherwise, and an Account of the Time when such Prisoner or *7T» the

Prisoners was or were respectively charged in Custody, or received in Prison, together with the Name and at

or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Prosecution such Prisoner or Prisoners is or are de- whole Suit* The

tained; and shall deliver the fame to the Justices of the Peace, at their First or Second General or Ge- brae to be deii-

neral Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be held after the passing of this Act, or at some Adjournmentto th«

thereof, for such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty respectively. Quarter Session*.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of His Majesty’s Prison of the Fleet and Marshal of The Watden of

the King’s Bench Prison, shall severally, on the delivering in of any such Lift of Prisoners in their re- «* ^eet, and

spedive Custody, take an Oath in the open Court of such General or General Quarter-session of the ^0*che

Peace, or at some Adjournment thereof, to the Effect following (that is to say) pr,ron, to :ak-

the following 0»th on delivering in il*i* LuU.

44 I A, B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, profess, and

4 4 declare, That all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names is or are inserted and con-

44 tained in the First Part of the Lift by me now delivered in and subscribed, was and were, to the best

44 of my Knowledge and Belief, upon the First day of January, One thousand seven hundred and

44 seventy-two, really and truly Prisoners, in actual Custody, in the Prison or Gaol of [infrt the

44 Name of the Prison] at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons therein respectively

44 mentioned; and also, that all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names is or a;c in-

44 ferted or contained in the Second Part or the said Lift now by me delivered in and subscribed as

44 aforesaid, h ive, since the said hirft Day or January* One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two,

44 been committed or surrendered to the kid Gaol or Prison of [injert the Name of the Gaol or Prison] at

44 the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Perrons therein respectively iLcmioned; except such Per-

3 D 44 foa

