862 -

Justice* of Ci-

ties, fee, to put

the Act into

ixecurion.

Justices of Ci-

ties or Boroughs

not to allow $a*

hr>s to Sur-

vtyors,

except such as

fha'lbe agreed

upon at the

Meeting of the

C. 78. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

Limit where the (kme {hall be proved to be done, by the Oath of any One credible Witness, or upon

View of the Justice himself, forfeit for every of the said Offences any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds,

nor Jess than Ten Shillings; and in Default of Payment thereof, shall be committed to the House of

Correction of such Limit, there to be whipped, and kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding

One Calendar Month, nor less than Seven Days, at the Discretion of such Justice.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace of all Cities, Corporations, Bo-

roughs, and other Places, are hereby ^required to put in Execution every Part of this Act within

their respective Jurisdictions.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorise

or impower, or he deemed, construed, or taken to authorise and impower, any Justice or Justices'of

the Peace, for any City, Town Corporate, or Borough, or fix or allow an^ Salary to or for any Sur-

veyor to he appointed by any such Justice or Justices, other than and except such Salary as shall be

settled and agreed upon by Two Parts out of Three of the Persons assembleJ in the Parish, Town-

ship, or Place, within such City, Town Corporate, or Borough, for which such Surveyor shall be ap-

pointed, pursuant to the Directions of this Act.

Househ ilders.

Lirnitapon of

the Number of

Hoifes for the

Waggon* ami

Carts wah dif-

fereat Wheels.

The Owner of-

£ nding for/eits,

5I. and the Dri-

ver 10* for

every Horse

ab-tve tfee Num-

ber allowed*

S.xteen Inch-

Rollers not re-

trained in the

LVI. And whereas the Highways not being Turnpike Roads, ate much prejudiced by the Nar~

rownefs of the Wheels of the several Carriages travelling thereon, and by the excessive Burthen*

loaded in such Carriages; be it enacted, That no Waggon, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies

of the Wheels of the Breadth of Nine Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than Eight Horses ;

and that no Cart, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of

Nine Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than Five Horses; and that no Waggon, having the

Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, and rolling on each Side

Surface of Nine Inches, shall go or be draWn with more than Seven Horses; and that no such

Waggon rolling a Surface of Six Inches only, shall go or be drawn with more than Six Horses; and

that r.o Cart, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches,

shall go or be drawn with more than Four Horses and that no Waggon having the Sole or Button*

of the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than

Five Horses; and that no Cart having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth

than Six Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than Three Horses upon such Highways, under

the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures herein after mentioned; (that is to say). That the Owner of

such Waggon or Cart jespectively shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, and the Driver not being the

Owner, the Sum of Ten Shillings, for every Horse or Bead which shall be so drawing above the

Number hereby so respectively limited as aforesaid, to- the folc Use and Benefit of the Informerbut

Carriages moving upon Wheels or Rollers, of the Breadth of Sixteen Inches on each Side thereof,

with flat Surfaces, are hereby allowed to be drawn with any Number of Horses, or other Cattle.

Number of Horset*.

Prosecution* for LVIL Provided always, and be it enafte<f, That no Prosecution shall be commenced before z

foin a.-Ktional Justice of Peace, by w»y of Information, for any Forfeiture incurred by the Owner or Driver of

fe”°howantfm*" iny Carriage, having a greater Number of Horses therein than are allowed by this Act, unless such

what*mjmnerto Information be laid within Three Days after the Offence com nitted; and that no Action shall be

fee carried on* commenced for any such Offence, unless the fame be commenced within One Calendar Month after

the Offence committed 5 and that neither such Information or Action shall be laid or commenced,

unless Notice shall be given by the Informer to the Driver of every such. Carriage, on the *Day upon

which the Offence shall be committed, of an Intention to complain of such Offence; and if it mall

appear to the Justice before whom such Complaint shall be made, that the Offender lives so remote as

to make it inconvenient to summon him to appear before such Justice, the Justice may dimifs tho

Complaint, and leave the Informer to his Remedy by Action at Law.

JusticesofPeace, LVHd. Provided always, and be it further enacted,. That it shall and may be lawful for the*

at rheir Micha- Justices of the Peace, at their respective General Quarter'Stifions of the Peace, to-be held in the

Lm^lns/mayli- *Veek a^ter Michaelmas to license in such Manner, and for such Time, as they shall think think fit,

ceofeinlrure fe an Increase of the Number of Horses to be drawn in Carriages up any steep Hill, or on any Road not

of the Number Turnpike, within their respective Jurisdictions, over and above the Number herein-before limited, if*

of Huiic». upon Inquiry into the State and Condition of such Roads, they shall find any additional Number of:

Horses necessary 5 and, from Time to Time, at any Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, to revoke, alter, or

vary the fame, as they shall think fit.

RoceSi^for^ klX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall appear upon the Oaths of ere-

ForfeiturtMri fc- dible Witness'es, to the Satisfaction of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or of any Court of Justice

of ad.iu authorised to enforce the Execution of this Act, that any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, could not, by*

tional Horses, reafoo ofdeep Snow or Ice, be drawn by the Number of Horses or Beasts of Draught hereby re-

when, fiom Ice spectively . llowed; then, and in every such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or justi-

ccs the Peace* Court respectively, and they are hereby respectively required, to (top all Proceed-

ecUary. ings before them respectively for the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture which may have been in-

curred by drawing with a greater Number of Horses, or Beasts of Draught, than arc htreby allowed \

