A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 18. 77

mon Sewers, situate and being in the several Levels or Districts, within the Limits aforesaid, as the Cafe

may require, and from time to time to act'cfs and levy the Charges and Expences thereof, by an AlTeflment

on all the Owners and Occupiers of ail or any Messuages, LanJs, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within

the fame Levels or Districts, as to them shall ieem meet to be done; the Right or Claim of any such Own-

ers or Occupiers now set up, or hereafter to be set up, by Prefciiption or otherwise, for making new or ad-

ditional Orates over any such Sewer or Sowers, or for repairing or altering any of the old Grates therein,

or for calling, cleansing, repairing, or altering the fame Common Sewers, at their own private Costs or

Charges; or any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding : 4 And whereas by the said rc- Commissionen

4 cited Act it is enabled. That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners at their Discretion; and they are

4 hereby required from time to time, to rate and assess, for the Purposes of the said Act, all Parish Churches, Church«.

4 Church yards. Chapels, Meeting-houses, Schools, Warehouses, Hospitals, Prisons, and all other pub-

• lie Buildings whatsoever, and all dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground, situate and being within the

4 said Streets and other Places, at a Rate to be settled by the said Commissioners, not exceeding Sixpence

4 for every square Yard belonging to every such Parish Church, Church-yards, Chapel, Meeting-houser

• School, Warehouse, Hospital, Brifon, and other public Building whatsoever, dead Wall and void Space

• of Ground : And whereas the said Commissioners have, under the Authority of the said Act, rated and

4 afllfled some Churches, Church-yards, public Buildings, dead Walls, and void Spaces of Ground, with-

• in the said Streets and Places, by the square Yard, for the whole Content thereof, and others only for

• the Content of the Street or Ground lying before the fame;* Be it therefore further enacted by the Au-

thority aforesaid, That the Cocnmiflidners appointed, and hereafter to be appointed, to put the said recited Commissionen

Act in Execution, shall* from and after the passing of this Act, and they are hereby required, from time to appointed to put

time, to rate and act'cfs, for the Purposes of the said recited Act, all Parish-Churches, Church-yards, Cha- the recited Art

pels, Meeting-houses, Schools, Hospitals, Prisons, and all other public Buildings whatsoever, and aJl Execution,

dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground, situate and being within any of the said Streets and other Places,

in an equal Manner by the square Yard, not exceeding the Rate of Sixpence for every square Yard, lying

between the said Fences and the Middle of the Carriage-way lying before such Parish Churches, Church-

yards, Chapels, Meeting-houses, Schools, Hospitals, Prisons, public Buildings, dead Walls, and vojd

Spaces of Ground, and not otherwise : Provided that no Owner or Proprietor, Owners or Proprietors of

any such public Buildings as aforesaid, shall be liable to pave or repair the Pavements before such public

Buildings respectively 5 any Thing in the said former Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That Herbert Thomas and Richard RuJTely

Esquires ; Beriah Hills, William Biley, Joseph Collyer\ Richard Bodnia n, Amos An*lesy JViliiam Majony Name*.

John Davis, Francis Holmesy Henry Whitt ely I Villi am Brownings Nathaniel Nichols, John Varnham, Richard

Carpenter Smithy Richard Tomlejy Richard Norfolk y Richard Toyer George LanCy fVilli am Baldwin junior,

Daniel Morgany Janies IVadhamy William Holmery Thorold Lowdclf Joseph Bratty Richard Milcsy Richard

Benncty Gentlemen, shall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed Commissioners for putting in

Execution the said recited Act of the sixth Year of his present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes

within the Town and Borough of Scuthwarky and Parts adjacent, in the said County of Surrey together

with the rest of the Commissioners nominated and appointed by the fame Act; and shall be ana are hereby

authorised and impowered to execute all and every the Powers thereby, or by this present Act, granted and

allowed, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been nominated and appointed in the said re-

cited Act.

IX. And be it enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Suit or Action shall be brought or pro- Limitation of

ftcuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done, or to be done, in pursuance or under the Au- Anions,

thorny of this present Act, every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Months next after the

Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County where the Cause of

Action shall anse, and notclfcwhere 5 and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit, may plead

flit General Iilue, not guilty, and give this present Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Yi ial to General Jfl*ue.

he had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the

lame shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before

limited for bunging the fame, or shall be laid in any other County or Place ; that then and in such Cafe or

Cales the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants ;*or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall

become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions, or if a VerJift shall

raU against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have'Preble Costs, and have the Treble Cufli#

like kemeJy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Cafes

by Law.

X And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall he taken and allowed in all Public Act.

Courts of Justice as a Public Act, and all Judges, Justices, a;,J others, arc hereby required to take Notice

thereof as such, without the fame being specially pleaded.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify ihe;i fclvrs for Offices and Employments, and to

i r«11 ^: 1. * * 11 y Jt of the Prrcc and others who have omPicd to r* gftler th< ir (^iialilications, wnhm the a

T ane 1 * n * r: c c fc\ Law; and for g*\ 11 g further Pune for tnoic l'urpoies* L X P.

CAP.

c. ooooie

