*86 fli.

Anno decimo tertio Gf.orgii HI. A.D. 1773^

in or over all or any of the Common Field Lands in any Parish or Place, or In or over any Part thereof,

| from using, exerciting, and enjoying, such Right, in as full, and ample Manner, to all Intents and

j Purposes, as he might or could have enjoyed the fame before' the passing this Act, unless such Person

or Persons, having such Right as afiprttfaid, shall qonfent or agree in Writing at any Meeting

of Occupiers, to be held* as afore laid, to a Composition for the lame, or a Limitation thereof* in

which Cafe, every such Confeut and Agreement (frail be binding and conclulivk: upon every Person

lo agreeing, and upon every other Person coming to the Poftblhon of such Sheep Walk, or Pasture

for Cattle, by Descent, or otherwise, until such Time as the Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for

the Cultivation of the said Common Field Lands, exifiing ac the Time of entering into such'

Agreement, shall expire*

Balks, Slides, XI. And whereas Balks, Slades, or Me.ers, which may be waste, do oft: n lie very inconveniently

Sec. with Con- interlperfed amongst the arable Lands in Common Fields, be it further enacted by the Authority

aforefajdj That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Perfoivs homsoever, having Land*

inait^ptoughX any °Pcn or common Fields adjoining to any such Balks, SJades, or M^ers, being Wafe, with the*

g Con fen t of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the respective Manors wherein such Balks, Slades,

or Meers do lie, and likewise of the Person or Persons who may have a fe par ate Sheep Walk in the said

Fields, and with the Consent of Three-fourths in Number.and Value of the Occupiers of such Com-

mon Field Lands, to be signified at any Meeting to be held in Manner aforesaiJ, to plough up any of

the said B. Iks, Slades, or Meers, and convert the fame into Tillage, under the Regulations to be*

settle ! as aforesaid. ,

Balsa, bc. ofeal Xll. Provided always, nevertheless, and be it eivadied. That no Balk or Meer,*that has hereto--

a* Road*, not to fore been used as a publick Road, or as a private Road, by any Person or Persons, to or from his or

be ploughed, their own House or Lands, be so ploughed up.

Regulations to XIII. Provided also, and be it further coadied by she Authority aforesaid, That all and every Per-

br obfirved by son and Persons, wno shall have Licence in Manner aforesaid, to plough up and convert into Tillage,.

Pei tons hayT<ig» any BJk-, Slade, or Meer, shall, before he or they begin to plough up the fame, lay down, in aiv

--r^Pulband-hke Manner, under the Direction of the Field Master or Field Reeve for the Time being,

* * in a more convenient Part of the said Field, as much of his or their own Lai d as shall be equal in*

Value to rhe Land he or they shall so have Licence to plough as aforesaid * and that such Lind so laid'

down shall be Common Land? and so continue until the Regulations then existing for cultivating such'

Common Field Lands (hull expire. l4

Boundary Stonei XlV. Provided also* and be it further enacted by ;the Authority aforef>.id, Th<kt the Person or

M.icpruinevtry per(cns ploughing any such Balk, Slade or Meer, (frail, by proper Bound Stones, fuftr iently mark*

t/may* dntmguiih the several Lands ploughed, and the several Lands laid down in lieu thereof, so that the

* Property thereof, and each Person’s Right therein, may'be clearly known and ^feertained.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Tftat it shall and mayr be lawful tq £nd

for the Lord or Lord*, Lady or Ladies, of any Manor, with th<? Qopfent of .Three-fourths of the-

Pafons having Right of Common upon the Wastes and Commons within his, her, Qt, their Mtanor,

at a Meeting to be held after Fourteen Days Notice, such Notice to be given in Manner fre re in-be fore

directed determined by the Lord or I^ords, Lady or Ladies, of the Manor, or their Agent r^spe^lively, at any

mon, miv c-fca Time or Times, to demile or lease, for any Term or Number of Years, not cxcpeding Four Years,.

Twelfth hart .f Hny Part of such Wastes and Commons, not exceeding a Twelfth Part thereof, for the best and rnofF

and tli? N-t improved yearly Rent that can by publick Auction be got for the fame * and that the clear Net Rents-

Rents^to be ap reserved to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or

plied for iiT»oT- Assigns, by any Lease or Lease* to be granted as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them, and the

ing the ktfidue m-jor Part of his, her, or their Tenants, applied in the draining, fencing, or otherwise improving of

ot &ch w-ftcs the Residue of Inch Wastes and Commons.

AfTefTtiirntstobc XVL Provided always, nevertheless, ^nd be k ena£led by the Authority aforesaid, That in every

improving1^ Manor where there are stinted Commons, in lieu of demifing or leafing Part thereof, One or more

Wadti wHere Assessment or Alieffments upon the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of such Manor, and the Persons

there arc Umted being Owners or Occupiers of such Commons, or their Agents or Managers, Avail or may, at theif

Cananon*. Option, be made, levied, and collected, by such Person and Persons, and allowed in such Manner as

the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of such Manor, and the major Part in Number and Value of the

Owners or Occupiers of such Commons, present at a Meeting to be held within cue laid Manor, iat

pursuance of Fourteen D. ys Notice to be given by the Lord or Lords,;Lady or Ladies, or his, her, or

their Agent, in Manner aforesaid, of the Time and Place of Meeting for that Purpose, shall direct and

appoint in that Behalf*, and the Money thereby raised shall be employed and accounted for, according

to the Orders and Directions of the Lid Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, and such Majority of the

Owners or Occupiers, as aforesaid, in the Improvement of such Commons, from Time to Time, a>

Need shall require* and the said Aileuments shall, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hind and Seal of

One Justice oi the Peace, be levied by Diliiels and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every Person so

aft died, and not paying the lame within Ten Days alter being demanded, rendering the Overplus of

the Vidue of the Goods so distrained (it any) to the Owner and Owners thereof, the ueceiVary Charges

of making such Distress and Sale being first deducted.

Srtnted Com- XVII. And woereas there are, in many Parts of this Kingdom, certaiiv (Uired Commons of Pasture

moos to be open- which are never enjoyed in Severalty, but which are at certain Times (but up for the better Growth of

Timet^Owners Failure, and opened on certain hxed Days, from which, in particular Circumstances and Seasons,

*c. at a Meet-* £rcat Inconveniencies do and may ariXe* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That it shall and

w* Oui) dircO* may

Lo ds of Manors,

Sec. with C n-

£cnr of 1 hrre-

fourths of Per-

fons tuvirg

Rght • t Com

