684. C. 29.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

Ships, Ac. for-

merly free, now

to pay certain

Duet.

The Duties*

Exemption.

Ship?* Arc,

measured.

to be,

Custom and Usage of the Harbour and Port of Aberdeen, is and are now exigible by, and in use to be

paid, as Shore and Harbour Dues for such Ships and other Vessels, Goods, Wares, and Commodities,

to the said Magistrates and City Council, and their Collectors, or Tacksmen of the Shore Dues of

the said City.

V. Provided nevertheless, and be it also further enacted, That all such Ships, Vessels, Barks, and

Lighters, as are not at present chargeable with, or liable in the Payment of any Dues within the said

Harbour, shall only be, and they are here by chargeable (to the Uses and Purposes of this present Act)

with the respective Rates and Duties following, which the Matters and Owners of all such Ships and

Vessels shall be obliged, and are hereby required, to pay to the said Trustees, or theColleftor or Collectors,

to be appointed by them for that Purpose ; videlicet, For each and every such Ship or Vessel, under the

Burthen of Fifty Tons, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling j for every Ship or Vessel from

Fifty to One hundred Tons Burthen, the Sum of Five Shillings Sterling ; and for each and every Ship

above One hundred Tons Burthen, the Sum of Seven Shillings and Sixpence Sterling.

VI. Provided also, That all open Boats under the Burthen of Twenty Tons, coming into the

said Harbour, (except such Boats as shall be employed in unloading of Ships and Vessels in the Bay

of Aberdeen), mall be, and are hereby declared to be exempted from the Rates and Duties by this

Act imposed.

VII. And be it also further enacted, That the Matters and Owners of all Ships, Vessels, Barks,

and Lighters trading to and from the said Harbour, and liable to the Payment of the Rates and Du-

ties by this Act imposed, shall permit and suffer the said Ships, Vessels, Barks, and Lighters, to be

measured by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they shall from Time to Time appoint

for that Purpose, and shall pay the Rates and Duties aforesaid according to such Measurement; and

that every[ Owner or Matter aforesaid who shall refuse to have his or their Ship, Vessel, Bark, or

Lighter, measurd as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and pay to the said

Trustees the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to

and for the said Trustees to nominate and appoint a Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers,

be appointed for levying the Rates and Duties by this Act granted, and such other Officers and Servants as they

Trustea. shall judge necessary to be employed under them for carrying the fame into Execution j and from

Time to Time to remove such Officers and Servants, or any of them, and to appoint others in theif

Stead, and to settle such reasonable Fees or Salaries for them as to the said Trustees shall appear to be

just and proper; and that all and every the Collectors and Receivers of the said Rates and Duties shall

keep fair and regular Books and Accounts of all Monies received under the Authority of this Act,

fwhich Books and Accounts shall be open and patent to the said Trustees, at all Times when they

mail demand Inspection of the fame), and shall pay and dispose thereof in such Manner as by the said

Trustees shall be directed : And that the Collector and Collectors, Person or Persons, so to be ap-

pointed to receive the said Rates and Duties, and all and every of them, shall give good and fuf-

ficient Security to the said Trustees for answering and paying the Monies arising from the same, and

which shall be by him or them respectively collected or received, and shall make Oath to the Truth

of his or their Accounts, so often as required ; and that it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees

to let in Lease to the best Bidder or Bidders, at publick Roup or Sale for that Purpose appointed, and

advertised in the Aberdeen Journal Two several Times, Fourteen Days at lead before such Roup or Sale,

the Rates and Duties aforesaid, for any Time or Space not exceeding Three Years.

to Prevent any Delay or Evaflon in the Payment of the Rates and Duties aforesaid, be

iiogthcPay- * further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said First Day of June* One

meat of the Du- thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, there shall be produced to the Collector, or other Officers

tta. of His Majesty’s Customs at Aberdeen^ by the Master or Owner of every Ship, Vessel, Bark, or

Lighter, coming into or failing out of the said Harbour of Aberdeen, or liable in the Rates and Duties

by this Act granted, a Receipt, or other suficient Voucher, of the Payment of the said Rates and Du-

ties; and that until such Production be made, and the Collector or other Officers aforesaid shall be

satisfied with the fame, the said Collector and otherOfficers shall not take or receive any Entry or Cocket,

or other Discharge or Clearance, or take any Report outward, of any Ship, Vessel, Bark or Lighter,

Foreign or Bntijhy liable or subject to the Payment of the said Rates and Duties, under the Penalty of

Twenty Pounds Sterling.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the

said Trustees, and to such Person or Persons as shall be for that Purpose authorised by them, to go on

board any Snip, Bark, Boat, Lighter, or Vessel, and to take the Dimensions thereof, and to demand,

collect, and receive from any Owner, Master, or other Person, having the Charge of any Ship, Bark,

Lighter, or Vessel, the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, and made due and payable ; and in

•afe of Delay or Refusal of Payment, to seize, take, and detain, preferable to, and notwithstanding of

an Attachment, Arrestment, or other Right whatsoever, claimable by, or due to any other Person or

Persons, any of the Goods, Merchandise, Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel of or belonging to any such

Ship, Bark, Lighter, or other Vessel, and the fame to detain and keep until the said Duty and Duties

be satisfied and paid ; and that in case of any Neglect or Delay in the Payment of the said Rates and

Duties, or any of them, for the Space of Three Days after such taking, leizing, or detaining as afore-

said, it shall and may be then lawful to and for the said Trustees, and to and for such Person and

Persons authorised by them, as aforesaid, to cause the fame so appraised by Two or more sufficient

Persons, and afterwards to sell and dispose of the Goode and other Effcftt taken and appraised, and

therewith

P itta toWIe-

vied in cife

HefofaL

