A.D. 1772.. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C; 23. 393

Seventy-two Words, and so In proportion for less than Seventy-two Words in a Sheet; or dial] refute

to make and deliver a Copy of any such Schedule, on being requested as aforesaid so to make th’ fame, forfrirs toT. mi

and having the Money tendered to him for Payment of such Copy, after the Rate aforesaid; shall, for Treble Cofo

every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds $ which shall and may be sued for and rc- (inepMre\ 0

covered in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, together with Tre- the other't*

ble Costs of Suit, in the Name of any Person who shall prosecute for the fame: And One Moiety of the Poor of the

which Money forfeited shall, when recovered, go to the Party who prosecutes for the fame, and the Partfh.

other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence shall be committed.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before such Time as any Aifignce or Assignees, a* Affigwet of

aforesaid, shall enter on, or take any Profit from any Copyhold or Customary Estate as aforesaid, he or Copy noli ani

they shall agree and compound with the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors of whom the fame shall ^omal7

be holden, for the Payment of such Fine or Income as upon any Surrender and Admission thereto, hath

heretofore been most usually accustomed to be paid; and that upon every such Agreement or Compofi- 0t rhe

tion, the said Lord or Lords for the Time being, at the next Court, or some fublcquent Court, which Muner, and to

shall be holden for the said Manor or Manors, after such Agreement made, shall'admit such Assignce b~ aimtrtfiTc.

or.Assignees, Tenant to such Copyhold or Customary Premises, according to the Custom of the said ntnt,lhc rdPon*

Manor or Manors of which the fame shall be holden, for and during such Estate and Interest as the

Prisoner had therein at the Time of his or her being discharged as aforesaid, reserving the Rents, Du-

ties, Hcriots, Customs, and Services payable and to be rendered in respect of the said Copyhold or

Customary Premises.

XVI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prejudice or affe£ any Estate, The PrilWt

or Interest, or Right whatsoever, of any other Person or Persons, other than the said Prisoner or Fu- Righted in-

gitive which may be expectant upon, or subje£l unto, the Estate or Interest of the said Prisoner or Fu-tcr^’ £c* 0.n, Jr

^gitive hereby vested in the said Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer ailing as Clerk of c 1

the Peace; but that the Estate, Interest, and Right whatsoever, of every other Person and Persons,

shall remain, continue, and be laved to them, in the same Manner, as if thi9 Ail had not been made.

XVII. Provided also, and be it enaiied by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act shall All Mortpage*,

extend, or be construed to hinder or prevent, any Mortgage or Mortgages upon the Eftatr of such Rcco$~

Prisoner or Prisoners, or any Part thereof, to take Place upon the Lands, Tenements, or He red i r a-

rnents, comprised in such Mortgage or Mortgages respeilively; nor to prevent any Statute-staple, {0 uke place.

Statute-merchant. Recognizance, or Judgment, acknowledged by, or obtained against, any such Pri> prefeiabi* to

foner or Prisoners, to take Place upon the Lands, Tenements, or real Estate of such Prisoner of Pri- of

loners; and also where any Incjuifition shall have been taken upon any such Statute or Recognizance, Mature*

or any Writ or Execution shall have been taken out and delivered to the Sheriff or proper Officer,

upon any fich Judgment, before such Discharge shall be given in open Session to any such rerfon as afore- t

said, the personal Estate of every such Prisoner respeilively shall be subjeif thereto, in the First Place,

for so much as shall remain due upon such Mortgage, Statute, Recognizance, or Judgment respeilively,

in like Manner as such Mortgagees and Creditors, by Statute, Recognizance, or Judgment, would

have been preferred to other Creditors of an inferior Nature, against she real or personal Estate of such

Prisoner and Prisoners respcitively, if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein before con-

tained to the C‘ ntrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

4 XV III. Aqd whereas many Persons who may be intitled to, and claim the Benefit of this Act, Pdwer

4 are seized and poiieffed of Lanas, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to hold to such Prisoners for the fnf°ner®fl^f‘

4 Term of their natural Lives, with Power of granting Leases, and taking Fines, rtfcrving small ^veiTin th/*

4 Rents on such Estates, for One, Two, or Three Lives, in Possession or Reversion, or for some ai%icci.

4 Number of Years determinable upon Lives; which said Powers ought to be executed for the Be-

4 nefit of the Creditors of such Prisoners be it therefore enaiied by the Authority aforesaid, That in

every such Cafe, all and every the Powers of leafing such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which

are or shall be vested in any such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby vested in,

the Afngnee or Assignees of the real and personal Estate of such Prisoner, by virtue of this Act, to be

by such Ailignec or Assignees executed for the Benefit of all and every the Creditors of such Prisoners as

aforesaid.

^ XIX. And whereas in some Gaols or Prisons in this Kingdom, the Office of Gaoler or Keeper is The ad n*

4 held in Fee for Life, or otherwise, by Persons who never act as Gaolers or Keepers themselves, or Cat let n the

4 know any thing of the Prisoners therein, but depute or employ,some Person or Persons under them as 'r,me °k^»*

4 Gaolers or Keepers of such Gaols or Prison9 be it therefore enabled. That in every such Cafe, the onV^fiable

Person who shall have been actually employed and acted as deputed Gaoler or keeper of any such Gaol f^ro^ c 0 c

or Prison, at the Time of the delivering in the Lifts, hereby directed to be delivered in, of Prisoners in

any such Gaol or Prison, at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or some Adjournment there-

of, and not the principal Gaoler or Keeper (unless where such principal Gaoler or Keeper fhrdl net as

a Gaoler or Keeper himself) shall take the Oath herein-before appointed to be taken by the Gaoler or

K<z eper of every such Gaol or Prison.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices, at any General or C#urtif retired

Quarter Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to which any Prifcndr shall be brought in pur- br Creditor,

luance of this Act, shall, if required by any Creditor or Creditors of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, who *PP°f,n& *be

shall oppose his or her Discharge, administer, and give to the Gaoler, or the Person who acts as Gaoler ^,ilfler^

or Keeper of any such Prison, at the Time of bringing up any such Prisoner, order to be discharged mmSir the rot-

under this Act, an Oath to the following Effect, (that is to say): lowing o^h to

VoL. XL 3 £ 44 1 the Gaoler,

