The TITLES of

Road from C'cvivv! find"* to the Town of Quecnferrjy

in the County of Linlithgow.

An Act fox enlarging the Term and Rowers of several

Acts made so; repairing and amending that Part of the

Road leading from a certain Place called the White Post

cn Alconbw r llilly in the County of Huntingdon, to

ITan.iffzrd H'idre, in the said County, called the North

J):vigor of the North RoadanJ for repairing the Road

leading from Stilton, in the said County of Huntingdon,

to the City of Peterborough^ in the County of Worth-

ennft:n.

81. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act

made in the twenty-fourth Year of King George the Se-

cond, for re pairing the Road leading from Weft Laving-

ton to the Draizes, and from the Devizes to Scendy in the

County of I Tilts.

8*. An Act to enlarge the Term contained in two several

Acts of Parliament; and to repair, widen, and amend

the Road from the Guide Post at the wefteily End of

Newton Lane, within the Township of Manchester, in

the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Aufterlandsy in the

Parish of Saddleworth, in the County of York.

83. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act

made in the eighteenth Year of King George the Second,

to repair the Road leading from Tadcaster Bridge, within

the County of the City of York, to a Place near the said

City, called HobmoorLane End.

84. An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and altering

the Road from the Market-house in the Town of Great

Farringdcn, in the County of Berksy to Burford, in the

County of Oxford.

85. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the

Town of Peebles to the Kings Eateage% and to Gatehope-

know Burnfooty and to the Top ot Mincbmoory and to

Loch-beady in the County of Peebles

86. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

Stone to Lane End\ ana to the Road Detween Leek and

Sandon on Meir Heathy and from thence to Blythe Bridge \

and also from Meir to Trenthamy and from thence to

Stableford Bridge, in the County of Stafford. I

87. An Act for repairingand widening the Road from Shel-

ton to the Road between Cheadle and Leeky and from

Bueknall to ITefon Coyney; and from the Road between

Cheadle and Leek to the Turnpike Road above Frogall

Bridge; and from the same Road to the Road between

Blyth Marsh and Thorpe at or near Ruebill Gate in the

County of Stafford.

8*. An Act to continue and render more effectual two Acts

pasted in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George

the First, and the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his

late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Market Har-

bor cugh to Loughborough, in the County of Lticester; and

for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road

branching out of the aforesaid Road, at a Place called

Filling Gatty to ft Road called the Fojs Roady and from

thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Melton Mow-

bray to the Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, Lei-

refer.

89. An Act for making a navigable Cut or Canal from

Bradford, tojoin the Leeds andLiverpool Canal ztfTind-

Lilly in the Township of Idley in the County of York.

90- An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act

made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Rcien of King

George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Living-

JUny by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgow. and

8

the STATUTES.

by the Town of Hamilton to the Town of Strathaven 1

and for repairing and widening the Road leading from

the Confines of the County of Airy at or near Loch gate*

to the Town of Strathaveny in the County of Lanark.

91. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of three Acts

paired in the twelfth Year of King George the First, and

the nineteenth and twenty-sixth Years of his la*e Ma*

jesty, for repairing the Road from Liverpcok to Prcjeott

and other Roads in the County Palatine of Lancaster, ana

for amending the Road from the causeway at Blacklow

Brow, to the causeway leading from Prefcot to Liver*

pooky and also through Lime Kiln Lane to Ranelagh House,

in Liverpool aforesaid.

92. An Act for enlarging and altering the Terms and

Powers of several Acts, made in the thirteenth Year of

the Reign of Kine George the First, and in the twenty-

first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for-

repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Bwrrf-

grove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of IVor-

cefttr\ and from the said Town of Bron.frrove to the

Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; so

far as the said Acts relate to the repairing of the Roads

leading from the said T own of Birmingham to the said

Town of Bromsgrove.

93. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Pa-

trick's Crofsy within the Town of Liverpooley in the

County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of PreJlony

in the same County Palatine.

94. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the

Turnpike Road at Vinehall in the Parish of Mountfieldy

in the County of SuJJcxy to Crifips's Corner, and from

thence to Staple-crojsy and to the Turnpike Road near

the Windmill in the Parish of Bechley% and from Staple-

cross to Longley's Water Corn-mill at Kent Ditchy and

from Cripps's Corner to the Town of Rye in the said

County.

95. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading

from If ’cmy in the County of Salopy to the Lime Rocks

at Brony Garthy and several other Roads in the Counties

of Salop and Denbigh.

96. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Re-

pair, several Roads leading from Tavemfipite to the

Towns of Pembroke and Tenby, and to Hulberston Hakingy

in the County of Pembroke.

97. An Act for amending and widening the Road from

Beffelfleighy through Wantagey to Hungerford, in the

County of Berks; and from Wantage to Marlborough, in

the County of Wilts*, and from the Turnpike Road be-

tween Reading and Wallingford, through Halfpenny

Laney to the Old Red House upon Wantage Downsy and

from thence to Lamborny in the said County of Berks.

98. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

Hodges to Beadles Hilly and from thence to the Town of

Cuckfieldy and from Beadles Hill aforesaid to the Town of

Lindfieldy and from the Turnpike Road between Cuck-

field and Crawley, to the Town of Horsham; and also the

Road from Swingate9 in the Parish of Burwajhy to Shover

Greeny in the Parish of Ticeburjly all in the County of

Sujfiex.

99. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from

Hand Crcfs to Corner Houfty and from whence to the

Turnpike Road leading from Horsham to Steyningy and

from Comer House aforesaid to the Maypole in the Town

of Henfieldy in tnc County of SuJJix.

PRIVATE

