924* C. €4. Anno decimo tertio Georgii 1X1. A.D. 1773*

Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for regulating the Turnpike Reads9 then this

Bond.to be void, or else to remain in full Force.

(The Bond from the Treasurir will be in the fame Form).

No. XXI.

Summons for any Person or Persons to attend a Justice or Justices.

Middlesex. To A. B. of

WHEREAS Complaint and Information Irath been made upon Oath before me C. D. One of

His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said (Counts, etc.) by E. F. of

that, etc. [Here fate the Nature and Circumstances of the Cajey as far as it shall be necessary to shew the

Offence, ana to bring it within the Authority of the Justice \ and, in doing thaty follow the Words of the Att as

near as may be.] These are therefore to require you personally to.appear before me, for the Justices to

be assemblea at their Special Sessions, to be holden) at in the said (County, etc.) on

the Day ot next, at the Hour of in the noon,

to answer to the said Complaint and Information made by the said E• F who is likewise directed to be

then and there present, to make good the fame; Herein fail not.

Given under my Hand and Seal, this

Day of 17

No. XXII.

Information.

Middlesex• T}E it remembered, That on the Day of 17

n A. B. of in the said County, informeth, and malceth Oath

before me One of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said

County, that of in the said County [Here describe

the Offence particularly, and follow the Words of the A<3 as near as may be] contrary to the Statute, made

in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for regulating the Turnpike Roadsy

which hath iroposed a Forfeiture of for the said Offence.

Taken and sworn the

.of before me

A. B.

No. XXIII.

Torm of Conviction.

Middlesex. T) E it remembered. That on the Day of in the Year

J3 of our Lord, <7 at in the County aforesaid,

A. B. came before me C. D. Esquire, One of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said County,

.and informed me, that E. F. of on the Day of now

last pad, at . in the said County, did [Here fetforth the Faely in the Manner

described by the Statute] whereupon the said E. F. after being duly summoned to answer the said Charge,

appeared before me on the Day of at

in the said County; and having heard the Charge contained in the said Information, declared, that he

was not guilty of the said Offence; but the fame being fully proved, upon the Oath of G. //. a

credible Wirnefs, it manifestly appears to me the faiJ Justice, that he the said E. F. is guilty of the

Offence charged upon him in the said Information; it is therefore considered and adjudged by me, the

laid Justice, that he the said L. F. be conv;&ei, and I do hereby convifl him of the Offence

afoief&id; and I do hereby declare and adjudge that he, the said E. F. hath forfeited the Sum

of of lawful Money of Great Britain for the Offence aforesaid, to be distributed

as the Law dirc&s, according to the Form of the Statute in that Cafe made and provided.

Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day

of »7

After

