f

838 C.75, 76. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773*

therein mention- Madeira, the Canary Islands, the Azores or Western Islands, or to any or either of them 5 any Thing in

loJ^onfidd1* the said recited Acts, or any other Act, Usage, or Custom, to the Contrary notwithstanding.

Goods exported to Madeira, the Canary XAands, Ac.

Penalty for ea- VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Merchant or other Person

tering.Catlieoes shall enter any such Callicoes or Cordage for Exportation to foreign Parts, other than to the said

•the^forefV0 Wan<^s3 *n order to obtain the Drawback or Bounty for the fame, and such Goods shall nevertheless

PartsatiTland* carried to the said Islands, or either of them, and landed there, contrary to the true Intent and

iag them on laid Meaning of this Act; that then, and in every such Cafe, the Drawback or Bounty paid, or to be paid,

Wands. for the lame shall be forfeited, and the Exporter of such Goods, and the Matter of the Ship or Vessel;

on Board which such Goods were loaded and exported, and every Person concerned or assisting in

the Exportation or Landing thereof, shall forfeit Treble the Value of such Goods, and the Ship or

r Vessel on Board which such Goods were loaden and exported, with all her Tackle, Furniture, and

Apparel, shall also be forfeited, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted by any Officer or Officers

of the Customs in Great Britain \ and the several Penalties and Forfeitures herein-before mentioned

shall and may be sued for and recovered, in such and the like Manner as any Forfeiture incurred by

any Law of the Revenue of Customs may be sued for and recovered in this Kingdom ; One Moiety

of which Penalties and Forfeitures, after deducting the Charges of Prosecution, shall be to the Use of

His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Officer or Officers of the Customs

Act r Aue. 1* as ^uc or Pr°fecute for the fame.

ini»the* VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said First Day

Islands of Ma- of August, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, the said Islands of Madeira, the Canary

deira, &c. to be Islands, and the Azores or Western Islands, shall be added to, and included in, the Oach upon all De-

otk *°o^De- Ventures for such Callicoes and Cordage exported, whereon the Exporter is to swear that the fame are

Ventores°forcJ- not landed, or intended to be landed, in Great Britain or Ireland.

licoes and Cord*

age exported.

CAP. LXXV.

An A<5 for enabling John, Robert, ymms, and William to dispose of several Houfrs and Build-

ings in the Parishes of SaintMartin in the Fields, and Mary le bon, in the County of MulA'ujex,

and other their Effefls, by Way of Chance, in such Manner as may be moil for the Bcnihe of

themselves and Creditors.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the

Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within

the Time limited by Law ; and for giving further Time for those Purpol'es.

Preamble.

Act x8. Geo. H.

Act 2 Cco. HI.

Act 9 Gto. III.

All Justices,De-

puty Li ute*

Hants, 6cc who

/halt have omit-

ted to register

thfT Qiialifica-

fications, and

before Dec. 25*

177^, Hiall regi

Aer in Ma-."er

required, (hai: be

freed irom Pc*

faltres for Q-

uiiiT.on,

c XT J HER E AS divers Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of Militia, or

4 W others, who ought to have registereJ or delivered in their Qualifications, according to an Act,

* made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Mujcfly King George the Second, intituled,

4 An Act to amend and render more effectual an A cl, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Ma'jrjlys

4 Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace ; or according to ano-

4 then Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to ex-plain,

4 amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the raising and

4 training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England ; or according to another Act,

4 made in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, and con-

4 tinuing an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His prefnt Majesty, intituled, An Act to ex-

* plain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to

4 the raising and training th^Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England, have through

4 Ignorance of the Law, Absence, or some unavoidable Accident omitted to register, or deliver in

4 their Qualifications as aforesaid, within such Time, and in such Manner as in and by the said Acts

4 respectively, or by any other Act of Parliament in that Behalf made is required, whereby they have

1 incurred, or may be in Danger of incurring, divers Penalties and Disabilities :* For quieting the

Minds of His Majesty’s Subjects, and for preventing any Inconveniencies that might otherwise happen

by Means of such Omissions j be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That all and every Justice or Justices of the Peace,

Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others who, at the Time of the passing of this

Act, shall have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within such Time, anu in such

Manner, as in and by the said Act, or any of them, or by any other Act of Parliament in that Be-

nalf is required, and who hath or have, or who shall, on or before the Twenty fifth Day of Decem-

ber, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, register his or their Qualification, in Manner and

Form as in and by the said in part recited Aftsx or any of them, are required, shall be, and tre hereby

indemnified*.

