A.D.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

G. 16. 355

vn2'

Seven Years, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes

of this Realm.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and

for the said Magistrates and City Council of Glasgow* and their Successors in Office, in Common Council

assembled, at any Time or Times hereafter, to make, ordain, and establish such Orders, Rules, and

Bye-laws, for the better deepening, clearing, cleaning, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Pert

Glasgow aforesaid; and for the better regulating, governing, and managing the Tcttees, Piers, Quays,

and every ocher the Works erected, or to be created, made, or set up, in the Harbour aforesaid; and for

the better executing the other Purposes of this Alt: And also, from Time to Time, as Occasion may

require, to repeal, add to, amend, or alter, such Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws, as to them shall

item meet, fining, and requiftte; and to fix and appoint reasonable pecuniary Penalties, not exceed-

ing Forty Shillings Sterling, for the Non-observance, or other Breach of all or any such Rules or

Bye-laws, or any Part of them, to be recovered and applied in such Manner, and according as the

Penalties under Five Pounds Sterling are ordered to be recovered, levied, and applied: And the said

Magistrates and City Council, and their Successors in Office, shall cause the said Rules, Orders, and

Bye-laws, to be printed and distributed, and hung up in the most conspicuous Place of the Custom-

house of Pert Glasgow; and to pay the Expence and Charge thereof out of the Rates and Duties afore-

said.

XXXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the following Persons shall be Tfcr

Commissioners for allowing, authorising, and confirming all the additional Piers, Quays, Breasts, and*»i»^

other Works, which shall be made in pursuance of this AS; and for inspeding, auditing, and ad-

justing the Accounts of all the Collectors Receipts and DisbursementSj under and by virtue of the *e*

fame, for the Ends and Purposes before mentioned; that is to famine Provost and Three Bailies, an rl* Works,

Dean of Guild, and Convener of the City of Glasgow* for the Time being; Robert Hamilton of

tVijhaw* Esquire, his Heirs and Successors in the Barony of Newark, in the County of Renfrew afore-

said; the bailie of the said Barony for the Time being; Eight Merchants, Inhabitants of the

City of Glasgow* to be nominated in Manner as herein after mentioned; the Bailie of Pert Glasgow

for the Time being; and Two Persons, Inhabitants of Port Glasgow, to be also nominated in the

Manner as herein after mentioned, shall be Commissioners for the Ends and Purposes lift men-

tioned.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful item Commit*.

to and for the Dean of Guild of Glasgow, for the Time being, and he is hereby authorised and re- w

quired, to cal! and convene the Merchants of Glasgow, Owners, or Part Owners of Ships or Vessels of tkL

trading in or belonging to the Port of Port Glasgow* by publjck Advertisements in the Glasgow News* MKtfeats of v

papers. Fourteen Days preceding the Meeting; and they are hereby required to meet together at and in GU%»wr

the Merchants Hall of the City of Glasgow, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, on the First

Turf den of November, One thou land seven hundred and seventy-two, and so yearly on every following

First Tuesday of November j and then and there, by Plurality of Voices of such as are present, to no-

minate and appoint Eight Persons to be Commissioners on their Part, for the Purposes before men-

tioned; and that the Eight Persons so elected and chosen shall be and continue Commissioners un-

der this present Act for One Year afterwards, and until the First Tuesday of November immediately fol-

lowing; Provided always. That none of the said Commissioners to be nominated as aforesaid, shall

be Members of the Council of the City of Glasgow at the Time of such Nomination.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful kswftr tfct

to and for the Bailie and Magistrate of Port Glasgow* named yearly by the City Council of Glasgow, Si#lcJ^#

ard he is hereby authorised and required, to call 'bnd convene the Owners, or Part Owners of Ships

or Vessels, belonging to the said Town of Port Glasgow* being Inhabitants of die fame, by publick

Advertisements in the Glasgow Newspapers, Fourteen Days preceding the Meeting; and they are

hereby^ required to meet together, in any publick Place at Port Glasgow aforesaid, at Eleven of the

Clock in the Forenoon, on the First Tuesday of November, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-

two, and so yearly on the First Tuesday of November* and then and there elect, nominate, and appoint,

by Plurality of Voices of such as are present. Two Persons to be Commissioners for the Purposes

before mentioned $ and that Two Persons so chosen shall continue Commissioners for One Year, and

until the First Tuesday of November immediately following.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority afordald. That an annual General Meeting of

the said Coaunissioners shall be held at the Office of the Town Clerk of the City of Glasgow, upon the

First Tuesday of February in every following Year; and that the said Magistrates and Council, and their

Successors, shall, at every such General Meeting, cause to be laid before the said Commissioners, or any

Seven or more of them, a true and fair Account of all the Monies which shall have been collected and

levied the Year preceding from the Rates. Duties, Fines, and Forfeitures before mentioned, and of

evefy Sum or Sums of Money which shall hive been borrowed during the Year preceding, for the Ufcs

and Purposes before mentioned; and also of all the Monies which shall have been used, paid, and ap-

v~ r“ r ? ?“s£, scouring, preserving. and maintaining, of the said

ing, and erecting the Piers, Quays, Jettees, Breasts,

1 the said Accounts shall be examined and certified by to* Com-

the Commissioners present at such annual Meeting, or by the Majority of them; and that the said Com-

jpffiooen shall, at every such Meeting, bear their own Charges. thei(

Z % t

XXXVIII.

