272

Not to prejudice

thf* jai ifdi<ftion

of the City of

London, Sec.

Writings to be

without Stamps*

Limitation of

Actions.

General Jflue.

Treble Costs.

Frpences of paf-

fingthe Act how

to be paid.

Fines, &c. how

to be recovered.

Allowing Ap-

peals totheQuar-

ftr beiiions.

Public Act.

C. 45. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Person or Persons who shall have made such Alignments or Transfers to make void, release, or discharge

the original Security, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof.

L, Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to lake

away any Rights, Jurisdiction, Power, or Authority of the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the

City of London, or any other Body Politic or Comorate, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, or to en-

able the Commissioners to erect Weirs, Locks, Turnpikes, or Toll-gates within the Liberties or Juiifdic-

tion of the City of London.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Nomination, Ap-

pointment, Information, Order, Judgement, Conviction, Warrant, or other Writing whatsoever, under

the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, or only signed by any Commissioner or Commissioners for putting

this Act in Execution, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or any of them,

touching, concerning, or in the Execution of any Power or Authority hereby veiled in such Commissioners

or Justices of the Peace, or any of them, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

LII. And be it enacted and declared, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action shall be brought,

or Suit commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every

such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced in the County or Place where the Cause of Action or

Suit shall arise, and not elsewhere, and within the Space of six Calendar Months next after the Cause of

Action shall accrue, and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit

may plead the General Blue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had

thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the fame

shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced after

the Time before limited for bringing or commencing the fame, or shall be brought or commenced in any

other County or Place ; then, and in such Cafe, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants ; and

in such Cafe, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her,

or their Action or Actions, or if any Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if, upon De-

murrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and

may recover Treble Costs, and shall have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants

hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

LIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Costs and Charges of obtaining this Act

shall be oaid by the General Treasurer of the said Navigation, appointed, as herein before directed, out of

the first Money that shall be paid into his Hands, in pursuance and according to the Directions of this Act,

to Thomas Walker Esquire, Town Clerk of the City of Oxford, his Executors or Administrators, upon his

or their producing to such Treasurer a Bill of Costs and Disbursements on account of pafHng this Act, signed

by any (even of the said Commissioners, or their Certificate or Allowance thereof; and the said Treasurer

of the said Navigation is required to pay the fame accordingly on Sight of such Bill, Certificate, or Allow-

ance, so as aforesaid signed ; and the Receipts of the said Thomas Walker, his Executors or Administrators,

shall be good and sufficient Vouchers to such Treasurer, and allowed in his Accounts for what he shall so,

as aforesaid, pay to the said Thomas Walker, his Executors or Administrators, in pursuance of this Act.

LI V. And be it further enacted, That all Fines and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, or by any Rules,

Bye-laws, or Constitutions to be made by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, by the

Authority thereof, the levying and recovering of which said Fines and Forfeitures are not herein before par-

ticularly directed, shall be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of one or more

Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County where the Offence shall be committed, for which such Fine

or Forfeiture is inflicted ; which said Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised, within the Limits of

their respective Jurisdictions, to hear and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and determine the fame; and

may, according to his or their Discretion, mitigate any Fine or Forfeiture herein before allowed to be miti-

gated ; and all such respective Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties by this Act imposed and inflicted, or au-

ihorifed to be imposed and inflicted, the Application whereof is not herein before particularly directed,

shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer or Receiver of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act,

and shall be applied and disposed of for the Use of the said Navigation, and to and for no other Use or Pur-

pose whatsoever.

LV. Provided always, That any Person or Persons thinking himself or themselves aggrieved by any Or-

der or Judgement made or given in pursuance of any Rule, Bye-law, or Constitution of the said Commis-

sioners, or by the Order or Determination of any of the said Commissioners, may, within three Calendar

Months after such Order shall have been made, and Notice given, complain to the Justices of the Peace at

their General Quarter Sessions to be held in and for the said Counties oi Middkfcx9 Surry, Bucks, Berks9 O*-

ford9 or Hilts respectively, where the Cause of Appeal shall arise, and not elsewhere, who shall, in a summary

W;*.y, either hear and determine the said Complaint at such General or Quarter Sessions, or if they think

proper adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the

laid Counties respectively ; and if they fee Cause, may mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any

Money to be returned, which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule, Bye-law, Order, or De-

termination, and may also order such further Satisfaction to the Party injured as they shall think rea-

sonable.

LV I. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed a Public A cl;

and Hull be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially

pleading the same.

CAP.

