500 C. 38. Anno duodecimo Georgii III, A.D. 1772.

Tower of London, which Warrant such Justice is hereby impowered and required to grant upon the

Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of a credible Witness or Witnesses upon

Oath ; and the Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any be)

upon Demand to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold, the

Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted, shall be paid to the Clerk or Treasurer to the

said Commissioners for the Time being, and be applied towards the respective Purposes of this Act,

in relation whereunto such respective Penalties and Forfeitures arose or were incurred ; and in case

sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it

shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his

Hand, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol of the County or

Liberty where such Offence shall be committed, or where such Offender shall be convicted, there to

remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Two Months, nor less than One

Week, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be foor.er fully paid and

satisfied.

Part on Pmal- XC. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commission-

ties may be paid ers, from Time to Time, if they shall fee Cause, to pay and apply such Part of the said Penalties

to Informers. an(] Forfeitures as they shall think proper, not exceeding One Half thereof, to and for the Use of the

Informer or Informers, any Thing herein contained to the Contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Diflreft nor un- XCI, And be it further enacted. That where any Distress {hall be made for any Sum or Sums of

lawful for want Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the

of form. Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trelpafl'ers on account of any Defect or

want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto ; nor {hall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed

’ a Trespasser or Trelpaflers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall hereafter be done by

* the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover

full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Cafe.

Plaintiff not to XCII. Provided always, That no Plaintiff shall recover in any Action *for any such Irregularity,

recover, if Ten-Trespafs, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends {hall be made by or on the Behalf of

derof Amends * the Party or Parties who {hall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such Irregularity,

be made. ' Trespafs, or wrongful Proceeding before such Action brought, and the Defendant or Defendants in

any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action {hall depend, may, at any Time before

lftue joined, pay into the Court such Sum of Money as he or they {hall think fit, whereupon such

Proceedings or Orders and Judgments {hall be had, made and given, in and by such Court, as in

other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Writings to be XCIII. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Contract, Bond, Warrant, Judgment,

Without Stamps. Annuity, Securities, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of,

or only signed by, any Commissioner, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them,

or under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by, any other Person or Persons

whomsoever, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be chargeable with any Stamp-duty what-

soever.

IV : nsapgrW- XCIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if any Person or Persons {hall think himself,

e tn.yaj o al toIierfelf, or themselves, aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Peifbns

tV: ouu. .cr-fcf and may^ wichin Three Months next after the Cause of Complaint {hall arise, appeal to thejuf-

*us* tic< s of the Peare at the General Quarter-sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the County of

MiJdlesex% or Liberty of His Majesty’s Tower of London ; such Appellant or Appellants first giving,

or cauling to be given. Notice in Writing, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of

the Cause or causes thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners ; and within One

Month next after such Notice, enter into a Recognizance or Recognizances before some Justice of

the Peace in and for the said County or Liberty, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such

Appeal mermoned in such Notice, and abide the Order, and pay such Costs as {hall be awarded by

the said Justices ; and the Matter of such Appeal {hall be heard and determined by the said Justices at

the next General Sessions of the Peace to be held in and fer the said County or Liberty, or any Ad-

journment thereof, or at any Adjournment of the then Jaft General Sessions of the Peace in and for

the said County or Liberty, which shall first happen next after the Expiration of One Month from

the Day of giving such Notice ; and the said Justices, at such Sessions or Adjournment, upon due

, Pro *f of such Notice being given, and of the entering into such Recognizance or Recognizances,

{hall hear and finally determine the causes and Matter of such Appeal in rfl summary Way, and

awa*d such Costs for the Appellant or Appellants, or Respondent or Respondents, as they the said

' Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Justices shall be final, binding, and con-

* elusive, to ar.d upon all Parties concerned or interested therein.

Justices to amend XCV. Provided always, That upon all Appeals from any of the Rates or Assessments to be made

Katrs appealed or irr.posed by the Authority of this Acct, the Justices of the Peace (where they shall fee iuft Cause

agalnit, without for Relief) mall, and are hereby impowered to amend the said Rates and AssessTments in Rich Man-

aiding the othei ner only as shall be necessary for giving Relief to the Person or Persons so appealing, without altering

Ra es. futh R.ates or Afl'eflments with respect to any other Persons mentioned in the fame.

Proceedings no*: XCVI. And be it' further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any

to bequaftied for OiFcnder’on Offenders against this Avf, or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be done or

vranto* Foun. transaftc<5 or eclating to the Execution of this A<lt, {hall be vacated or quashed for want of Form,

, -■ •* : or

