A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

C. 51. 781

relating to Actions depending in the said Courts of Great Sessions, shallt at the signing thereof, set down

vupon such Original Writ or Bill the Day and Year of his signing the fame, which shall be entered

upon the Remembrance, or in the Book where the Abstracts of such Original Writ or Bill shall

he entered, upon Pain to forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds for every Offence or Neglect of such Officer

or Clerk aforesaid; to be recovered by any Person who shall sue for the same, by Ad ion of Debt,

‘ Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Wager of Law, Protection, or Efl'oin, or more than One

Imparlance shall be allowed.

XVII. And whereas by sundry Statutes, Penalties are given for Offences thereby provided Penalties givea

against, and such Penalties are directed to be sued for and recovered in His Majesty’s Courts ^s^,w^re

of Westminper only, and the enabling the respective Courts of GrCat Session to hold Pleas, or ,°c0vered.40

<o have Cognizance in all such Cafes arising or happening within their respective Jurisdictions,

would be. for the Ease and Benefit of the Inhabitants of the Dominion of Wales \ be it further en-

acted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the pifft Day of January, One thousand

leven hundred and seventy-four, in all Cafes where any Penalty or Penalties is or are given by any

Statute, and the fame is, are, or shall be directed to be recovered in the Courts of Westminster, or

either of them, excepting such as may by the Laws now in being be sued for only rh His Ma-

jesty’s Court of Exchequer, and the Offence for which any such Penalty or Penalties hath or shall

be given shall be done or committed in any of the Counties of Wales, and the Defendant or Defen-

dants liable to the fame shall be resident within the Jurisdiction of the Great Session held for any

County of Wales, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Prosecutor or

Prosecutors, or other Person to whom any such Penalty is given, or who shall be in titled to sue for

the fame, in every such Cafe, to sue for and recover the fame in the Courts of Great Session re-

fpcftvely in Wales, within which such Penalties have or shall be incurred, in such Manner and Form

as he, she, or they, might have done in the Courts at Westminster; and that the said respective

Courts of Great Session shall have Jurisdiction as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said

Courts had been respectively named in all and every of the said Aits, and the Powers thereby giver*

extended to the said respective Courts.

CAP. LII.

An Act for appointing Wardens and Assay-masters for assaying Wrought Plate in the

Towns of Sheffield and Birmingham.

WHEREAS he Silversmiths and Plate-workers in and about the Town of Birmingham, PremnMe.

VV in the County of Warwick, and in and about the Town of Sheffield, in the County of/ari,

are u ider great Difficulties and Hardships in the Exercise of their Trades, for want of Aflayers in

4 convenient Places to aflav and touch their Wrought Plate For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by

the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

That the several Towns of Birmingham and Sheffield aforesaid shall be, and are hereby appointed for

the assaying and marking of Wrought Silver Plate, and for executing the Powers, Authorities, and

Directions given by this Act.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Earl of Dartmouth, the I^ight Ho- The GutHitw

Tiotirable Lord Archer, the Right Honourable Heneage Finch, commonly called Lord Guernsey \ the of the Standard

Right Honourable George Greville, commonly called Lord Greville; the Right Honourable Francis of Wro9i^.

Gonway, commonly called Lord Beauchamp; Sir John Wrottefly Baronet, Sir Henry Bridgerfian Baronet,

the Honourable John Ward, Richard Geaft, John llfyrlcy, isaac Spooner, Henry Gough, ' Charles Cole-

more 1 John Taylor, Samuel Garbitt, Henty Carver (enior, Joseph Wilkinson, Sampson Loyd junior,

Thomas Ingram, Edward Palmer^John Kettle, Joshua Glover, Matthew Boulton, John Francis, Thomas

Mynde, Samuel Pemberton, John Turner senior, John Lee, William Sayer, John Lane of Mofely, James

Alfton, MatthiW Barker, Joseph Adams of Waif all, James Wright, Samuel Gallon, and James Jackson,

shall be, and are hereby incorporated a Company of or belonging to the said Town of Birmingham \

and that the most Honourable Charles Marquis of Rockingham, the Earl of Stafford, the Earl of

Effingham, Godfrey Bagnall Clark, Anthony Saint Leger, Samuel Shore the younger, Samuel Tooker, Henry

Howard, Walter Oborne, the Reverend James Wilkinson Clerk, Benjamin Roebuck, Thomas Broadbent+

John Shore, George Greaves, John Turner, Thomas Bland, George brittain, Samuel Staniforth, Simon

Andrews Young, Joseph Matthewman, John Hoyland, Henry Tudor, John Winter, Albion Cox, John

Rowbotham, Joseph Hancock, Matthew Fenton, William Marfden, Thomas Law, and Joseph Wilson, shall

be, and arc hereby incorporated a Company of or belonging to the said Town of Sheffield, and shall

be called and known by the Name of The Guardians of the Standard of Wrought Plate, within such

Towns respectively, and shall continue of such Company so long as they live and reside in such

Towns respectively, or within Twenty Miles thereof; which Companies respectively shall be en-

abled, and are hereby authorised, on or before the Fifth Day of July next, to meet at some conve-

nient Place within each Town respectively, and chuse Four Persons by Majority of Voices out of

each Company respectively, to be the Wardens of the said Company in each of the said Towns re-

spectively; which said Wardens shall continue for the Space of One Year, and no longer, unless re-

elected by the Company in Manner aforesaid,

Vot. XI, 3 H HI. And

boogie

