A- D. 1773.

Anno decimo tertie Georgii III.

C. 82. 68c)

III. And be it farther enacted, That as well all Hospitals, Houses, and Places, already established, Hospirah nowor

wfed or appropriated, for the publick Reception of pregnant Women, and supported by charitable

Contributions, or otherwise, for the Purposes of the Delivery or Lying-in of such pregnant Women, th<; Reception of

as all other Hospitals, Houses, or Places, that may hereafter be establiftied, used, and appropriated, in pregnant Wo-

like Manner, for the like Purposes, shall be deemed and taken to be Hospitals and Places within the men,'deemed

true Intent and Meaning of this A£L within the in-

tent of thia A

IV. And, that it may be the more easily known what Hospitals, Houses, or Places, shall have been Inscriptions to be

licensed pursuant to this A61, be it enaflted, That*there shall be fixed and kept up over the Door or *®xcd"v"

■ u - ----- —- - - - - Door of ail Hoi-

pitala*

publick Entrance of every such Hospital, House, or.Place, an Inscription in large Letters, in the

following Words; videlicet,

PURSUANT TO AN ACT OF

Licensed for the publick Reception of Pregnant Women,

Parliament passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign

of King GEORGE the Third, and the affixing and keeping such Inscription, shall be a Con*

dition in every such Licence; and in case such Inscription shall not be fixed and kept over the Door

or publick Entrance of such Hospifal, House, or Place, such Licence shall become null and void.

V. And be it further cnected by the Authority aforesaid, That no Bastard Child or Children, born Bastard Chityfc*

in any such Hospital, House, or Place, as aforesaid, shall be legally settled in or shall be intitled to, in such-

any Relief as a Pariftiioner, from the Parish wherein such Hospital, House, or Place, shall be situated 5 to

but cve.y such Child or Children shall fojlow the Mother’s Settlement, and shall immediately gain a Renef a* a Pa*

Settlement in the Parish or Parishes respectively where his, her, or their Mother or Mothers were last rifliioner.

legally settled; any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom, to the Contrary thereof, in anywise,

m twithstanding. ’

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case it should become necessary to ^nuheJ?Cv0Va!

remove the Mother of the Child so born a Bastard, and the Child so born a Bastard, or either of them, ehM, the Cr°r

from the Parish or Place in which such Hospital, House, or Place, shall be situated, to the Parish or Churchwards

Place 10 which such Woman shall belong, or where (he shall have obtained her last legal Settlement, of the Patish

luth Parish or Place being within Twenty Miles of such Hospital, House, or Place, to which (he shall are to Pay

be lo removed, shall be' chargeable with, and liable to the Payment of all Charges and Expences

incident to or attending such Removals; such Charges and Expences to be allowed and settled by

any just ice or ]■ ftices of the Peace, (who is and are hereby required to allow and settle the fame), in

and for the County, Riding, Division, City, Corporation, or Place, in which the Parish or Place

shall be situated, to which such Mother and Child, or either of them, shall be removed as' aforesaid:

Ana il such Charges and Expences, after being allowed and settled as aforesaid, and Demand thereof

made in Writing, dire6ied to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish to which

such Mother and Child, or either of them, shall be removed, as aforesaid, shall not be paid within

Two Days after such Demand; then, and in every such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for

any One or more of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, in and for the County, Riding, Division,

City, Corporation, or Place, in which the Parish shall be situated, to which such Mother and Child,

or either of them, shall be removed, and he or they is and are hereby required, by Warrant under his

or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and

Chattels of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor making such Refusal* as aforesaid, or on the

Goods and Chattels of any or either of them.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself Appeal may he-

or themselves aggrieved by such Removal or Distress had or made in pursuance of this Act, every such hv rcr^

Person may appeal to the Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for the County, Riding, Division, fonraggiicvcd/

City, Corporation, or Place, wherein he shall have fuftered such Grievance, within Four Months after 1 /

the bad done, by which he (hill think himself so aggrieved, such Appellant first giving, or causing to 1

be givenr Fourteen Days Notice at the least, in Writing, of the Intention to bring such Appeal, and giving Fourteen.-

of the Matter thereof, to the Party or Parties against whom such Appeal is intended to be brought, and L>a^r* Nat‘ce*

within Two Days next after such Notice given, entering into Recognizance, with Twosufficient ,

Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the order of, and to pay such Costs as shall be

awarded by, the Justices at the said Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices shall then hear and

determine the causes and Matters of Appeal in a summary Way, and award-.such Costs to the Parties

appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and the Determination of

such Justices so cyxde fa dl be finals binding, and cone!ufive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever. . 11

VJlI. And be it further enailed, That all Officers belonging to the Parish wherein the Mother of Panto Officer*,

such Child so btirn a Bastard shall have been last legaliy settled, and aft Magistrates of* the County, i*0^*1 1

Riding, Division,1 City, Corporation, or Place, wherein such Parish shall be situated, (hill havea!nj

Power and Authority to apprehend the reputed Father of any such Bastard Child, J to take Security for ,

rhe Indemnity of the Parish, and to punish the Parents, and to do every other Matter or Thing; rela-

tive to such Cafe of Bastardy, in the same Manner, and With the fame Powers, as such Magistrates or

Officers might or would have had, in case such Child had been born in such Pariflvor Placed; any Law

or Statu'e to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding. ' ’’ '*

IX. Provided always, That nothing in- this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, fVoviso.

to after the Law as it now stands relative to the Settlement of any Bastard Child so born as aforeiaD,

in Cafes where the Mother’s Settlement cannot be ascertained and determined. ' 1 -

' X. And be it‘further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Owner, Keeper, Governor,* °wncror

Mailer^ Secretary, Clexk^br othejj Persona; who shall have, or to whor* shall be intrusted tWe

Conduct, before *d-

