34-6 C. 15. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. % A. EK 177 2*

public k A A. XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed ancf

taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be Judicially taken Notice of as such, by aH Judges, Justfccs, an^

other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XV.

An Act for Lighting, Cleansing, and Watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other Passages, of

the Burgh of Canongate, and the Liberties of Pleafance and Leith-wynd, adjoining to the

' Royalty of the City of Edinburgh. # 0

preamble. \XT HEREAS the Burgh of Canongate is the great Outlet from the City of Edinburgh, but has

not the Benefit of being lighted and cleansed along with the said City, or the Security and Pro-

4 testion arising from the City Guard: And whereas the Streets called Pleafance and Leith-wynd are al-

' 4 so Parts and Dependencies of the said Burgh of Canongate, but are not lighted, cleansed, and watched,

4 along with the Suburbs of the City of Edinburgh: And whereas it would not only be a great Advan-

4 tage and Safety to the Inhabitants of the said Burgh of Canongate, and its said Dependencies, but

> 4 likewise to the Inhabitants of the said City of Edinburgh, and of all Persons resorting to and from the

4 said City of Edinburgh, by and through the Canongate, and its said Dependencies, that the Lanes,

4 Ways, Passages, Stieets, Vertnels, and Avenues thereof, were properly lighted, cleansed, and watched,

and a Fund established for that Purpose: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ;*

and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Content of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-

.. . rity of the fame, That the present Magistrates and Trealurcr of the Burgh ofv Canongate, with the

^c^ongatr, to Pre^es of the Stent-masters thereof, and their Successors in Office, shall, in all Time coming, within

4ire& the light- the aforesaid Bounds or Limits of the Burgh of Canongate, have Power, and they are hereby authorised

in*, ckanfing, and impowered to direct, order, and appoint, in Manner hereafter specified, in all Matters and Things

*mi watching the re spe ding the lighting, cleansing and watching.of the said Burgh of Canongate, and its said Depen-/

StiMtf, &c, dcncies, and of the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, Avenues, and Veiuiels, within or leading to the

fame; and to nominate and appoint Clerks, Servants, Scavengers, Watchmen, and other Officers

necessary for the Execution of this present Act, and at Pleasure to remove and displace them, or any of

them: and to limit and appoint the Salaries, Wages, and other Allowances to be given to such Officers

and Servants, and to the Collector hereafter appointed; and to direct and appoint the Number of

Lamps to be set yp, and the Places to which they shall be affixed; and to appoint proper Persons for

Hatching and cleansing the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, and others; and to make all such other Orders,

Rules, and Regulations, from Time to Time, as shall appear necessary in the Premifis; and to alter

and vary the fame as they may fee cause: And the said Magistrates, Treasurer, and Prefes, shall meet

at all Times, in relation to the Execution of this Act, in the Court House of the Canongate, upon

Twenty-four Hours previous Notice in Writing to be given by One of the Officers of Canongate, by

order of any of the Magistrates, Treasurer, or the said Prefes of the Stent-masters thereof; and in all

such Meetings Three shall be a Quorum; and the eldest Magistrate present shall preficle in the respective

Meetings, and ail Questions shall be determined by the Majority of Persons present at the Time, and

the Prdes, in case of an Equality, shall have the catling Vote.

"Proceedings to II. And be fi further enacted, That all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of the said Meetings, shall

w entered in regularly entered, from Time to Time, in Books to be kept for that Purpose, and shall be signed

by the Prefes and Clerk of the said Meetings; and such Entries shall be held and taken to be the ori-

ginal Orders and Proceedings of the said Meetings; and such Books shall and-may be produced

and taken as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

Contracts may III. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to the said Magistrates, Treasurer, and Prefes of the

be made for Stent-masters of Canongate, and they are hereby impowered to contract with any Person or Persons,

lighting and for lighting and cleansing the Streets, Ways, railages, and others, of the said Burgh of Canongate

c;canfing. and jts j2Dependencies; and that such Contraft or Contradts shall be signed by the Prefes and Clerk,

in Name of the Meeting, at which the said Agreement or Contraft shall be made and entered into.

Contracts not to ]V. And be it further enacted, That no Contraft shall be entered into by the said Magistrates and

toiNotice tiYcn. ^re^es of l^e Stent-masters for lighting the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages, and others, of the said

01CC| ' Burgh of Canongate, Pleafance, and L'ith-wynd, till after Four Weeks previous Notice has been given

in each of Two of the Edinburgh News-rapers, to Persons to give in signed Proposals for lighting

the said Lamps; and the said Magistrates and Prefes of the Stent-masters, shall accept of, and contract

with the Persons whose Proposals shall appear to be most reasonable and beneficial.

Magistrates, &c. V. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to any of the said Magistrates, Treasurer,

to hate no Con- Prefes, or any of the said Stent-masters, to have any Concern, directly or indirectly,- in undertaking

tern in Cen- to light the said Lamps; declaring, That if any such Concern shall be made appear, the Person so con-

tra^* for light- cernC(j foa]| )Qfe antj forfeit any Right or Claim to Payment; or if Payment is made, shall be sub-

,n*‘ jest to reftcre the Sum, to which his Share in the said Contraft or Undertaking shall amount, beside

Full Costs of Suit; and Action for that Purpose shall be competent at the Instance of any One

of the said Magistrates, Treasurer, Prefes, or any One of the said Stent-masters, at the Time, or at

the Instance of any Two or more Heritors, qualified to be Stent-masters in Terms of this Act.

VI.

