366 C. 18. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Time being, appointed in pursuance of this Act, of such his or their Intention to appeal; and shall,

within Five Days after such Notice given; and before any Appeal shall be allowed, enter into a Recog-

nizance before iome Justice of the reace for the said County, with Two sufficient Sureties, with Con-

dition to try such Appeal at the General or Quarter-sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the

said County next after such Notice, and also to pay such Costs and Charges as the said Justices shall

award, in case such Appeal shall be disallowed 5 and every such Appeal shall, at such General Quar-

ttiftrefi noi ter-sessions, be heard and determined: And, to prevent any vexatious Actions or Suits against the said

unhwfdfor Commissioners; or any or either of them, or against the said Collectors, or either of them, or any other

want of Form; Person or Persons whatsoever acting by virtue of or under the Authority of this Act, for any Sum or

Sums of Money, Fine, Forfeiture, or Penalty, due, laid, incurred, or tnflifted by virtue or in purfu-

ance of this Act, for or on account of any of the Purposes thereof, the DistYefs itself shall not be

deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespafiers on

account of any Dcfeft or Want of Form in the Warrant of, or for the Appointment of such Collector

or Collectors, or in the Rate or Assessment, nor in any Warrant of Distress; nor shall the Party or

n*r the Party b« Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which

afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Party or Parties aggrievedby such

9 1 Irregularity shall or may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage he, she, or they shall have

sustained thereby, and no more, in any Action of Trespass, or on the Cafe, at the Election of t.;e

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

Plaintiff not L. Provided always. That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any such Action or Actions for

T-ruTr*?A* %anV Irregularity as aforesaid, if Tender of Amends hath been made by the Party or Parties making such

znendshaihbeen Distfefs before such Action or Actions was or were brought; nor if Tender of Amends {hall be madey

made. fit any Time after the said Action or Actions shall have been brought, and before the Trial thereof,

together with Costs of Suit, to the Time of such last-mentioned Tender.

Limitation of LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com-

Action*.J menced or brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or

of any of the Powers thereby given, or any ways in relation to the Premises; that then, and in every

such Cafe, the Action or Suit shall be commenced and brought within the Space of Six Months next

after the Cause of Action shall arise, and not afterwards; ana shall be laid and brought in the County

of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit, shall and

Central Issue. may plead the General HTue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial

to be had thereupon: And if it shall appear to be done in pursuance of this Act, or that such Action or

Suit shall be brought after the Time herein-before limited in that Behalf, or shall be brought in

any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defen-

dants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or shall Discon-

tinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared

or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment ft\all be given for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or De-

Treble C#ftt. fendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have and be intitled to the like Remedy for the

fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cafes by Law.

Publick A a. LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be taken and al-

lowed in all Courts of Justice as a Publick Act; and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to

take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for the better Paving, Cleansing, Lighting, and Watching, the Streets and Lanes

in the Town and Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kentt and for removing and pre-

venting Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

Pretm.le.

Comoafitoaert

Nam.

WHEREAS the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Parish of Chatham, in the County

of Kenty are very ill paved, and not sufficiently cleansed and lighted; and,by Annoyances and

Jnctoachments therein rendered incommodious and dangerous: And whereas it will tena greatly to

the Benefit, Convenience, and Safety, of the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish of Chatham,

and of all Persons resorting thereto, and travelling through the fame, if the said Streets and Lancs

4 were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and kept clear and free from Annoyances and Incroach-

4 ments; but the fame cannot be remedied ana effected without the Aid of Parliament: May it

4 therefore please Your Majesty th*t it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That James

Bejly Thomas Fletcher, Isaac Wtldish, Edward Pilcher, Charles Proby, John Parry Mill ourn Afarft),

Jojebh Longley, John Coys, John Cazeneuey IVilUam Jones, William Witberidgey Harry Farmery Thomas

Kirly, John Robertj, Samuel Neale, Robert Wifey Surgeon, John Crowchery William Holmdeny Orlando

John Nicho/lsy Edward Muddle, James White % Edward Fry, John Halfheady John Phillips, George

Cattlety Richard Cookey Samson Waring, John Townfon, Edward Jckworthy Phineas Kite7 John Byersy

Thomas Westony Thomas Hargoody John Najhy John Simmonsy being Proprietors and Owners of Houses,

or Inhabitants residing within the Town and Parish of Chatham aforesaid and thtir Successors, to be

elected in Manner herein-aftei mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for

3 putting

