A.D. 1773. Anno cfecimo tertio Georgii III. C. 62. 813

and enacted by, an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty Georg,t

the Second, intituled, An Act for the due making of Breads and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof a"4

to puni/f) Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Floury or Bread.

XI. And whereas there may be many Places in this Kingdom where the inferior Chiles of the KoAff*etobe

People are used to and may be desirous of being supplied with Bread made of YVheaf, of a coari'e and Jj* r

cheaper Sort than the Standard Wheateil Bread aforesaid; be it hereby further enacted by the Autiio- prie*#

iity aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Baker or Maker of Bread for Sale, to make, direrted determined by Art

'bake, expose to Sale, and fell, such inferior and coarser Bread, provided he or she fells such P»read at 31 Geo, II.

a Price under that of the Household Bread, as directed to be made and sold by an Act, paired in the

Thirty-first Year of the Reign of George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due making of Bread* and

to regulate the Price and Ajftze thereof and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Mealy Floury or St eady

although nothing in this Act contained doth extend, or mall be construed to extend, to the setting any

Assize thereon.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and where any Baker or ww any fe*-

Maker of Bread for Sale shall fell, or expose to Sale, any such inferior or coarser Bread by Weights ker of Bread

and Prices whereat the Household Bread aforesaid is at that Time a Hi zed or priced, or fold, he shall, flia.l fell coarser

for every such Offence, being duly convicted, be liable to the fame or like Pains, Penalties, Forfei- ^r.cad at

cures, and Punishments, as takers and Makers of Bread for Sale are no\y by Law liable to for any the

like Misdemeanour or Neglect in making, felling* or exposing to or for Sale, any other Sort of Bread Price, hTfliall

allowed by Law to be made or exposed to or for Sale, and fold. be liable toth«

I end its infill-

ed by Law.

XIII And be it further enacted, That all and every Magistrate, Magistrates, and others, as afore- Magistrates to

{aid, following the Directions herein-before and herein-after given, shall have, and they are hereby have the Gme

declared to have, all the fame Powers and Authority to apply them, to all Intents and Purposes what- Power*relative

soever, relative to aflizing, pricing, and regulating the making, felling, or exposing to or for Sale, the to the making

said Standard Wheaten Bread, and punishing the Makers, Sellers, and Expofers thereof to or for Sale, ®rtuf

for any the like Misdemeanour or Neglect, in the making, marking, and felling or exposing the fame hl“ by any

to or for Sale, as they have by any Law now in being, relative to allizing, pricing, making for Sale, Law now in

felling, or exposing to or for Sale, any Bread whatsoever, and in as full and ample a Manner as if the being,

said Powers were recited and enacted therein.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Magistrates, and all other Persons whatsoever, shall be Magistrates, &e.

inti tied to, and have all the Privileges, Protections, and Indemnifications, in all Respects whatsoever, intitled to all the

for what they shall lawfully do in putting this Act in Execution, as they are intitled to, and have Povile^s and

by the Laws now in being, relative to thepnaking of Bread, and felling, or exposing the fame to or for she'uwVtobe-

Sale, for putting the said Laws in Execution. ing relative to

the making and

felling of Bread.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not Not to extend to

extend to prejudice any Right or Custom of the City of Londony or the Practice there used, or any prejudice Right

Right or Custom of any Lord or Lords of any Leet, to set, esquire, and punish the Breach of Assize or Custom of the

of Bread within their respective Lects or Views of Frank Pledge, or the Right of any Clerk or Clerks City of London,

of the Market, in any Place. or Lords of Lt"-

XVI. Provided further, and it is hereby likewise enabled, That neither this Act, or any Thing Nor shall this

herein contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice the ancient Right or Custom Art prejudice th«

of the Dean of the collegiate Church of Saint Peter, Westminster, or the High Steward of . the City of ^®n^RJ.^cor

jyejhninflery and the Liberties thereof, or his Deputy, or any of them, to set, ascertain, and appoint Dean^St.

the Assize and Weight of all Sorts of Bread, to be sold or exposed to Sale, within the said City cf pcter, Westmin-

IVeJbntnfery and the Liberties thereof; but they, and every of them, shall and may, severally and Her, Ac.

telpcftively, from 'Time to Time, as there shall be Occasion, set, ascertain, and appoint, within the

said City of IVeJhninJlery and the Liberties thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this

Act, the Assize and Weight of all Sorts of Bread, which shall be made, fold, or exposed to Sale, by

any Person or Persons within the Limits of the said City of JVcjlmin fiery and the Liberties thereof;

and shall and may esquire, and punish, the Breach, of every such Assize and Weight of Bread as fully

and freely, in all Respects, as they, or any of them, have heretofore been accustomed to do, and as if

this Act had never been made; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XVII. Provided likewise. That neither this Act, nor any Thing herein contained, shall extend, or Kor^

be construed to extend, to prejudice the ancient Righc or Custom of the Two Universities of Oxford Thing contain,

and Camhridgey or either of them, or of their or either of their Clerks of the Market, or the Practice ed prejudice

within the several Jurisdictions* of the said Universities, or either of them, used to set, ascertain, and the ancient

appoint the Assize and Weight of all Sorts of Bread to be sold, or exposed to Sale, within their several of the

Jurisdictions; but that they, and every of them, shall and may, severally and respectively, from o^d and

Time to Time, as there shall be Occasion, set, ascertain, and appoint, within their several and re- Cambridge,

spective Jurisdictions, the Assize and Weight of all Sorts of Bread to be sold, or exposed to Sale, by

any Baker, or other Person whatsoever, within the Limits of their several Jurisdictions, according to

the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and shall and may esquire and punish the Breach thereof as

fully and freely, in all Respects, as they used to do, and as if this Act had never been made; any Thing

herein contained to the Contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Vol. XL $M XVIII. And

