794

After Sept it

I77J, Certifi-

cate!, Notci,

Bills, 4cc«

which may be

accrpted by Cre-

ditors of the

PobliikinAme*

rica as a Secu-

rity , may be 1

enacted to be a

legal Tender.

Not to extend

to alter Act

*4 Geo,#.

r*?injbic.

justice* to a {cer-

tain how mwy

Clergymen are

to be employed

in Gaols, and

what Salary shall

,be piid them*

Treasuren of

Counties to piy

the Sums out

the Rates.

.Justices to no-

minate lergy-

jnen for the

above Purposes ;

and, in case of

D?ath, Ac. to

nomuifte other;.

C. 57. Anno decimo tertio Georgi III. A: D. 177^.

or Vote of Assembly, contrary to the said A &, shall be null and void: And whereas the Want of

4 Gold and Silver Currency in several of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America may make it

4 necessary, as well for the publick Advantage as in Justice to those Persons who may have Demands

4 upon the publick Treasuries in the said Colonies for Services performed, that such publick Creditor*

4 should be fecuied in the Payment of their just Debts and Demands, by Certificates, Notes, Bills, or

4 Debentures, to be created and issued by the Authority of the General Aifemblics within the said Co-

4 ionics, on the Securities of any Taxes or Duties given and granted to his Majesty by the said Gene-

4 ral Assemblies, for and towards defraying Expences incurred for publick Services 5 and that such

4 Certificates, Notes, Bills, or Debentures, should be made Charegable on the publick Treasurers of

the said Colonies, and received and taken by them as a legal Tender in Discharge of any such Duties

4 or Taxes, or of any Debts whatsoever, due to the publick Treasuries of the said Colonies, in virtue

4 of Laws passed in the said Colonies: And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether* under the said re-

4 cited Statute, such Provision as aforesaid can lawfully be made;’ may it therefore pljeafe your most

Excellent Majesty that it may be enailed; and it fenacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and 1 emporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of Septem*

ber% One thousand seven hundred and seventy*three, any Certificates, Notes, Bills, or Debentures,

which shall or may be voluntarily accepted by the Creditors of the Publick within any of the Colonies

in America, as a Security for the Payment of what is due and owing to the said publick Creditors, may

be made and enabled by the several, General Assemblies of the said Colonies respectively to be a legal

Tender to the publick Treasurers in the said Colonies, for the Discharge of any Duties, Taxes, or other

Debts whatsoever, due to, and payable at, or in the said publick Treasuries of the said Colonies, in vir-

tue of Laws passed within the same, and in no other Cafe whatsoever; any Thing in the aforesaid recited

Statute in the Fourth Year, of his present Majesty to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding^

‘II. Provided always. That nothin? -in this A& shall extend to alter or repeal an Act, passed in the

Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, (intituled, An At1 fa

regulate and refrain Paper Bills of Credit in His Maje/iys Colonies or Plantations of R bode Hland and Pro-

vidence Plantations, Connecticut, The Mattachufcts Bay, and New Hatnpihirc, in America, and fa

prevent the fame being legal Tender5 inpayments of Money)*

CAP. LVin.

An Act for-providing Clergymen to officiate in Gaols within that Part of Grtat Britain

^called England.

« TT/HEREAS there is noProvision made by Law for the Appointment of proper Ministers to’

VV officiate in the several County Gaols within that Part of Great Britain called Eng la W, and the

4 Principality of Wales: And whereas the Appointment of Ministers to such Gaols, with a proper

4 Salary, for the due Execution of their Duty as Clergymen, would alleviate the Distress of the

4 Persons under Confinement, and would greatly contribute to the Purposes of Morality and Rcli-

4 ^ion ;* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That

it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them assembled

at the Quarter Sessions held for any County, Riding, or Division, within that Part -of Great Britain

called England, and the Principality of Tl'ales, and they a.c hereby authortfed and impowered to settle

and ascertain how many Clergymen shall, by them, be deemed necessary to be employed in performing

religious Duties, according to the Rites of the Church of England^ in the several Gaols within their

respective Jurisdictions, and to settle and ascertain what Duty shall be performed, and what Salary

shall be paid to every such Clergyman, not exceeding Fifty Pounds, yearly, and every Year.

If. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurers of such Counties, Ridings, or Divisions, re-

ceiving a.Certificate, signed by the Chairman of such Quarter Sessions, of the Number of such Clergy-

men, and the Salary to be respectively paid to them, shall pay out of the Rates of such County,

Riding, or Division, the several Sums in the said Certificate mentioned; and the said several Sums so

paid in pursuance of this Act, shall be allowed <0 the said Treasurers by the Justices before vyhom

.their Accounts shall be patted.

, III. And be it further enacted, That when thefaumber of such Clergymen, and the Salary to be

respecively paid to them, shall have been settled and ascertained by such Justices, it shall and maybe

lawful to and for Justices of the Peace, at the Quarter Sessions, and they arc hereby authorised and

iqipowered, to nominate and appoint, in every County, Riding, or Division, where the Justices shall

have so settled and ascertained the Number of the Clergymen, and the Salary to be paid to them, as

before.mentioned, so many Clergmen to officiate and perform Divine Service, according to the Rites

of the Church of England, in the several Gaols within such County, Riding, or Division, as shall

have been so settled and ascertained by such justices; and in case any such Clergyman or Clergymen

shall die, or shall be thought unworthy, by such Justices, at the Quarter Scffiorr#; to be continued In

such Office, then it shall und may be lawful for such Justides, at the Quarter Sessions, to nominate

and appoint^ from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, any other Clergy man to officiate in the

Room

