A.D. 177.3* An uodc c imo. terth: G froasi1 'HI. ‘. Ct 47'v 763:

Jiffs, and Commonalty^ 0/ the Qotppaoy of QvnfcrytKri <yf ;be Great-Levd of the Fens called Bed-

ford Levels by virtue of an A& of Parliament made i«*h* Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charier

the Second, intituled, An Atlforfettlingthe draining of the Fin* celled, Bedford Level, o t by Vi r tue' o An A ym

other Act or Statute whatsoever, ox to invalidate, l^ll'wi, fdionniflir ah«n *r vaki *w*yV aiby af the

Rights, Powers, and Authorities, veiled in the said Governors,] Bailifiij and Commonalty, lor in the*

said Governors, Bailiffs, Conservators *, but that, all Righft. Powers, . and/AotHorLtics'tirharsoever,4

which by Virtue of the said Act, made in the said Fiffl&mH Year of the/aid* King C&tr/rrtheSecond,

or any other Act or Statute whatsoever, now a*e vetted in the said Governor, Bailiff*, and Common-

alty, or the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, or any of them, shall for ever hereafter continue,

remain, and be. in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and in the said Governor, Bailiffs,*

and Conservators, and every of the/n, fully amply*/tb aiHntcnts and Purposes^ ah ifihis Act

had never been made. . w: :! - '» «\ ." - i . ': ;

LXl. Provided also, and it is hereby further enaftfcd and Sectored, That this Act, or fcn*y Thing Yfeli Act lott*

herein contained, Khali not extend, or be,confirmed to extend, to pir event fany Pdrfon or Persons from prevent thefts

navigating with their Boats and Vessels as heretofore has been iccustomed in and upon the aforesaid

Dike or Drain called The. Yard's End Dyte, and the said River or Dike called The Liads or either of

them, or any Part thereof, (except only for such Time and Times as shall be necessary for dam-

ming and draining the fame respectively, for the Purposes of laying such Tunnels, and for

doing and executing such other Works therein, as to the said Commissioners or any" Five or

more of them, shall seem expedient for the draining and preserving the said Fen Lands and Low

Grounds). *. . ..

LXII. And be it further cnaftea by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action. Suit, or Infor- ^bn’rtttion of

mation, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done, or to Aa,on*

be done, In pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar

Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants, in

such Action or Suit, shall and may, plead the General Issue, and, if in Replevin, may justify General Mu*

ar.d avow I y virtue of this Act, as Persons acting by Authority of Commrffioners of Sewers are

enabled to do, and ^ive the Special Matter in Evidence, without specially pleading the same other-

wife than as aforesaid, at any Trial to be had thereupon* and that the Fast alledged to have been

done was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the fame shall appear to have

bt en so done, or if any such A^son or Suk thall be brought after the Time limited for bringing

the fame, then the jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant, or Avowants

or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution, or discontinue his*

her, of their Suit or Sui s, or if any Verdict shall pais against him, her, or them, upon Dcmmurrer,

or otherwise; then, or in any of the said Cafes, the Defendant or Defendants, AvoWant or Avowants,’

shall recover Treble Coils, for which fie, (he, or they, shall have the like Remedies as where Costs by

Law arc awarded.

LXIIL And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be Pubi;«k Act

deemed a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required Co take Notice

thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act co. enable the Right Honourable Sackville Earl of Thanet to make a navigable

Cut or Canal from a Place called The Spring, tying near Skiplon Castle in the County

of York, to join to and communicate with the navigable Canal from Leeds to Liver-

poole, in a Close called Hebble End. Clofey in the Township of Skiplon, in the said

County of York.

WHEREAS, by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Tcrsh Year of the Reign of iVanA!*

Hr-s prHent Majesty, (intituled, An Act for making dndmaintaining a navigable Cut or Canal

1 from Leed-s Bridge, in the County Yoik, to the North Lady’s Walk in Liverpool^*, in the County

Palatine 4/'Lancaster, and from thence to the River Mersey), a considerable Part of the said Cana),

which, lies between Leeds and Skrtton, in the said County of York, has been completed, and made

navigable for Boars and other Vessels: And whereas the Owners and Occupiers of Land, and

others, the Inhabitants at or oeer Leeds, Bradford, Singly. Keighley, Sifden, and other Places lying

contiguous to the said Carval, have Occasion for and are frequently in great Want of large Quan-

tities of Lime and Lime Stones, Tbr the Improvement of their Lands, and other Purposes: And

whereas the Right Honourable Sack vile Earl of Thanet is seised and possessed of certain Lands and

Grounds near the Cattle of Skipton aforesaid, in which are great Quantities of Limestone Rocks, and

which are (ituatc within the Distance of Five hundred and tnirfy Yard's, or thereabouts, from that Part

of the bid Canal which lies nearest to the Town of Skipton aforesaid: And whereas a navigable Cut or

Canal isrvety capable of being matfe, For the Navigation of Boats arid other Vessels, from a certain Part

of the aforefarid’ Land of the said Earl ok Thanet, called The Spring, which adjoins to of is htuate near:

the said Lifne^ttorte Rock?, through the Lands, Grounds, and Watte belonging to the said £arl, and -

other I^nd belonging to the Free Grammar School at Skipton aforesaid, hereinafter more particularly 1

mentioned, and* to join to and comrmmirare with the Taid navigable Cut from Leeds to Liverpooli?, in

a.ccrfcUn<Close in the Township of Siiptou aforesaid, called The Hcbble End Close, by Means whereof

tnc

