832 C. 80.

Anno ik

a?

Georgii III.

A.D. 1773.

laGei. III.

Rul?s to be ob-.

served, (ifter

June 24, 1773)

by Per font kill-

ing or taking

Hires, Phsa-

fnt^Parcrdges,

Arc. or using’a

Gan, Dog, Net,

or Engine.

How Offenders

are to be p nucl-

ei.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game within that Part of Great Britain

called England , and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof.

c \\7 HEREAS by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti-

c V V tilled. An Act for the better Prefer vation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called England,

1 certain Penalties and Punishments were inflicted on Perfnns killing and destroyingGame inthcNighr,

4 between One Hour after Sunset and One Hour before Stm-rife: And whereas some Doubts hate

4 arisen concerning the Construction of fonr.e Parts of the said Act, and some Inconveniencies have

4 followed therefrom; therefore, for obviating such Doubts, and for remedying such Inconveniencies,’

may it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted -y and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the

Twenty-fourth Day of Juney One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, if any Person or Per-

fons shall knowingly and wilfully kill, take, or destroy any Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, Moor Game,

or Heath Game, or use any Gun, Dog, Snare, Net, or other Engine, with Intent to kill, take, or

destroy, any Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, Moor Game, or Heath Game, in the Night, that is to say,

between the Hours of Seven of the Clock at Night and Six in the Morning, from the Twelfth Day

of October to the Twelfth Day of Feburary. and between the Hours of Nine of the Clock at Night

and Four in the Morning, from the Twelfth Day of February to the Twelfth Day. of October y every

such Person, being convicted thereof, upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness cr

Witnesses, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, acting for the County, Riding, or

Place, where the Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit and pay for the First Offence, any Sum not

exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds; and for the Second Offence, any Sum nut

exceeding Thirty Pounds, nor less than Twenty Pounds: But in case any Information shall be made

upon Oath, as aforesaid, before any Justice or Justices, against any Person offending against this Act,

and if it shall appear that such Offender hath already been convicted of a first and second Offence

against this Act; then, and in such Cafe, such Justice or Justices shall and may comnlit such Offen-

der to the common Gaol, or House of Correction, for the County, Riding, or Place, there to remain

till the next General Quarter SefEon of the Peace for the said County, Riding, or Place* tinlefs such

Offender shall have entered into a Recognizance, with Two sufficient Securities, to appear at such

General Quarter Session, then and there to be tried by Indictment for the said Offence; and also shall

and may bind over the Informer to prosecute the said Offender by Indictment at aforesaid: And the

Justices, at their said General or Quarter Sessions, shall and may direct the said Indictment to be tried

accordingly; and if upon such Indictment such Offender shall be convicted, he shall forfeit and pay

in Court the Sum of Fifty Pounds: And in case he shall neglect or refuse to pay the said Sum of

Fifty Pounds, he shall be committed to the common Gaol, or House of Correction, for such County,

Riding, or Place, for any Term not less than Six nor more than Twelve Calendar Months, unless

such Penalty shall be sooner paid; and such Offender shall, if the Justices think proper, be Once

publickly whipped for such Offence at the Expiration of such Commitment, in the Town or Place

where such Gaol, or House of Correction shall be, between the Hours of Twelve and One of the

Clock in the Day.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Tuftices before whom any Offender shall be con-

vifted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following;

that is to say,

, 1 /

E it remembered, That on the , Day of in the Tear of our Lord

A. B. is convicted before me One of His Majesty s Justices of the Peace for the County

of (specifying the Offence, with the Time and Place where the fame was com-

mitted, and also specifying that it was the First or Second Offence against this Act, as the Cafe

shall be).

Given under my Hand and Sea^ the Day and Year aforesaid* 1 -

Which Conviction the said Justice shall cause to be fairly wrote over upon Parchment, and returned

to the next General Quarter Session of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place, where such Con-

viftion was made, to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace, and remain and be kept among the Records of

the County.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may

be lawful for any Clerk of the Peace for any County, Riding, or Place, and he is hereby required,

vifWnon Pay- upon Application made to him by any Person or Perions for that Purpose, to cause a Copy or Copies

mem Qf 11. any Conviction or Convictions, filed by him under the Directions of this Act, to be forthwith deli-

vered to such Person or Persons, upon Payment of One Shilling for every such Copy.

Penal i« and IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the pecuniary Penalties and For-

Forfeiture* how feiturcs hereby to be incurred and made payable upon any Conviction, for a First and Second Offence

bciecovered. against

Form tf Con-

viction.

Cleik to deliver

Copy of Co«<

vi

