Anno undecimo Georgii III.

A. Eh 1771.

C. 14. 61

Power, nrvertheless, and that it shall be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of every

such Pinlh, Township, or Place, to which the Settlement of every such Woman shall belong, to have and

take, and they are hereby intit led to have such Remedy again!! the Mother and the Father of any such

LafiarJ respectively, for the indemnifying the same Parish, Township, or Place, by reason of such Bastard

C hiid, and otherwise in all respects as the Law directs in the Cafe of Bafiards, and as fully as if such Bastard

had been 2<ftu.:lly born in the Parish, Township, or Place, to which the Mother’s Settlement shall so be-

long: And at lb that any two or more of the said Guardians, being Justices of the Peace, shall and may,

nd have hettby Authority, at the End of one Calendar Month from the Time any such Woman shall be

ft delivered of any Bastard, and at any Ti me after (lie shall have declared on Oath, as the Law in such

Cafes directs who is the Father of such Child, in case he shall be one of the Poor under the Care of the

fnj Guardians, to set and inflict such reasonable Punishment on such Mother and such Father, either by

Wh ipping. Confinement, or hard Labour, or by distinguishing him or her with some Badge or Token of

the Ostence, to be fixed on the mol! conspicuous Part of his or her outside Garment, as the said Guardi-

ans being J il!ices of the Peace, shall think fit and proper.

ALIH. Provided alto, and be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That in case it shall ever For ■pp?y*nft

herealter happen, that by reason of the Employment and Industry of the Poor of the said several Parishes in ^urPtu*of |he

the said City of Oxford, by virtue of the Powers hereby given, there shall be made and result such Benefit, r°°‘s

Profit, and Incrcale, from the Labour and Industry of such Poor, of which the said Guardians shall wholly

judge 2nd determine, as will, at and for any certain Time to come, not kfs than one Year, be more

than fbfficient to maintain and employ all such Poor, and to answer the Purposes of the said Corporation ;

then, and so often, and for such Time as the said Guardians, or any nine or more of them, shall find there

shall be such clear Benefit, Profit, and Increase, there shall not be any Sums of Money rated or collected

in the said several Pariftics, for the Use of the said Corporation, or the Poor under the Government there-

of, by virtue of any Precept from the said Guardians or otherwise: And that all such Benefit, Profit, and

Increase, so from time to time to arise, shall be, and is hereby vested in the said Guardians, with Power to

place all such Surplukgc of Profit at Interest, or to lay out the fame in the Purchase of Lands of Inherit-

ance, and again to call in and assign, and to alienate any such Lands, or otherwise to manage the fame, for

the future Maintenance and Employ of the Poor of the said several Pariftics, and the Uses of the said Cor-

poration,. as they shall, from time to time, think mo(! proper.

ALlV. And it is hereby further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That all pecuniary Penalties and Recovery a*

Forfeitures infli<f!cd, directed, and made payable to the Use of the said Corporation, as herein is and are

mentioned and exprelft d, except in such Cafes wdiere it is hereby otherwise ordered, and also all other pe-

cuniary Penalties and Forfeitures whatsoever herein mentioned, or which shall be inflicted and appointed

hv any Bye-law or Ordinance to be made by the said Corporation, pursuant to the Powers hereby given,

shall and may be fcvtrally recovered, and are hereby directed and impowered to be fevera 11 jr recovered, by

Liftrels and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Person having incurred any Inch borfeiturcs, and

(o offending, by virtue of a Warrant or Wa; rants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any

one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City of Oxford; together with the Costs of Distreis

to be ascertained by such Justice or Justices, who aic hereby severally impowered, and are hereby so re-

quired, upon the Application of any Person, by Order of the said Guardians, or of any other Person claim-

ing such Penalty, or any Part thereof, to issue and grant such Warrant or Warrants; and in case such fuf-

f icnt Distrtfs shall not be found, then it shall be lawiul for any Justice or Jufiiccs of the said City, by

Warrant unJerhuor their HanJ or Hands, upon the like Application, to apprehend any such Offender or

Otfi nders in the Lid City of ()sfvi, or in any other County or Place in Great Britain, although out of the

original Juriuiictic n of lath Justice or Julitres; and by virtue of such Wairant, and by Words in the Body

thticof, to commit, and to direct such Offender or Offenders to be committed, when so apprehended, to

the common Gaol of the City* County, or Place, wherein he, she, or they shall be so apprehended, thete

to remain without Bail or Mainpfize lor such Space of Time as the said Justice or Justices by such \Yrar-

r mi fuall appoint, not exceeding fix, nor less than three Calendar Months, unless he or they shall sooner

pav 1 kh Penalty or Forfeitures, with all the Charges attending the Proceedings against him or them, to be

sen rtu.red by any one Justice ol the said City: And such of the aforesaid Penalties and Forfeitures as shall an<:1 AP^‘cat

he so rccuveicd for the Lie of the said Corporation, (lull be paid to the Treasurer of the said Corporation,

C’r to f< me other Person, lor the Uie of the said Corporation, as the said Guardians, or any nine or more

cl them, (lull appoint.

ALV. And be it lurther enatffed, by the Authority aforesaid, That all Charges and Exprnces incur- of if it

red in and about procuring and passing tins Act, shall be paid out of the hrit Moines which lh.,11 arise by to be ficA

virue of this Act. pj,d‘

AI A’I. ProviJrd always, 2nd it is hereby further cnniTcd by the Authority aforesaid, That thir, Act or Net to *ary the

2r y I 'hi g herein contained, shall not vary, alter, or aftict, the Limits or Juriiddtion of any of the said Lur.io of u*

it 1 r il P.*rfihes in the said City of Oxford; or to unite or aft ell the lame in any Manner further or other-

wuc than iv mentioned 21.d cxprcfled in and by this Act: And that the Churchwardens and Oveilcers of

t c 1\ or of and in each of the said several Parishes, shall be chosen in and out of csih of the laul kvcral

Pnft.es from time to time, as the Law now directs; but that they and evily of them, when lothovn,

(Ml 1 act and be fublervient in all Respects in Manner herein directed, and pur.uunt to the Powers and Au-

t:.c*ririlu.eby given and enacted.

ALV!!. And t'c it further enact 'd, by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Di'li s ar.d S.dc shall Pirtrc- not

bt m. dv for ar.y bum or bums of Money directed to be Ithoed, or any Person or IVrh ;> li. ill F* aruftM, J t'^ta

vr apprehended and commuted, by boice of this Act, or by virtue of any Claulc the.ciu cot.unit'd, or I v vl

or

Mooooie

