A.D. 1772.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

C. 8.

325

One thott&nd seven hundred and seventy-two, shall, in Default of Payment as afore Paid, be fucd

for and recovered in such Manner and Form as the several Sums required to be paid in and by the

said recited A d are therein directed to be sued for and recovered.

VI. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said recited Act is

and shall be confirmed and establishvd, except so far as the fame is hereby explained, altered or

repealed.

CAP. VIII.

in manner di-

reeled by the for-

mer Act.

Art 7 Geo. III.

confirmed, ex-

cept as hereby

altered and ex-

plains.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s

Reign, for Paving, Lighting, and Watching the Town of Plymouth, in the County of

Devon, and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town.

WHEREAS an Act paled in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, prttmblt.

V V An Act for Paving, Lighting, and Watching the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and

for regulating the Car mm and Porters within the J'aid Town, has in many Respects been found inconve-

4 nient and defective: For Remedy whereof, may it please Your Majesty that it may it be enabled*,9

and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in (his present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-

rity of the fame. That so much of the said Adas relates to the Nomination and Appointment of Com-

missionere to put the fame in Execution, shall be and is hereby declared to be repealed; and that from

and after the passing of this present Act, the Mayor, Recorder; Aldermen, and Common Council of

the Borough of Plymouth for the Time being, together with Thirty-eight other Persons, Inhabitants of

the said Borough, to be elected at the Time and in Manner herein after mentioned, {ball be, and they

arc hereby declared to be appointed Commissioners for putting the said former and this present Act in

Execution, and, from and^ after such Election, shall be veiled with the fame Powers and Authorities for

that Purpose as the Commissioners named and appointed in and by the said former Ad.

If. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor. Recorder. Aldermen. Corporation! t«

and Common Council of the said Borough, or any Two or more of them, shall meet at the Guildhall meet for eiea-

within the same Borough, on the Wednesday Three Weeks next after the passing of this present Act, be- ins Commissio®-

tween the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, and shall then and *"

there proceed to the Election of Thirty-eight proper Persons, Inhabitants of the said Borough, aualified

as herein after mentioned, to be added to the said Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Common Council,

as Commissioners for putting the said former and this present Act in Execution; which Election shall

be determined by a Majority of the Votes of such Persons present at the said Meeting as have been

assessed to any Rate made in pursuance of the said former Ad; and the Names of the Persons so elected

shall be fairly entered and written in a proper Book to be Icept for that Purpose.

HI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That as often as it shall happen that any of the said Com- In case of their

missioners so to be elected as aforesaid shall happen to die, or to remove out of the said Borough, or re- Detth» o*1*

fuse to ad, or become Recorder, Alderman, or Common Councilman, of the said Borough; then, and to

in either of the said Cafes, the Mayor, or, in his Absence, the senior Alderman there being, shall, with-

in Ten Days after either of the said Events shall have been duly notified to him by a Certificate of any

Two or more Commissioners, cause a publick Notice in Writing to be fixed upon the Guildhall of the

said Borough fortheSpace of Eight Days before such intended Election, that he will proceed on a certain

Day, to be specified in such Notice, which shall not exceed Three Days after the Expiration of the said

Eight Days, to the Election of a proper Person or Persons to supply such Vacancy or Vacancies, which

Election shall be determined at the Guildhall of the said Borough by the Majority of the Votes of such

Persons present at the said Meeting, who shall then have been duly assessed to any Rate made in purfu-

ance of the said former Ad.

IV. Provided also, That neither the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, or Common Councilmen of the Mtjar, Rectr-

said Borough shall have any Vote or Votes in the Choice of the said Thirty-eight Commissioners, or in not

the Choice of any Person or Persons to be elected a Commissioner or Commissioners to supply such Va- “T«* Vote,

cancy or Vacancies as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven First Meeting of

or more of them, shall meet at the Guildhall of the said Borough on the Wednesday next after such Elec- Commission«r«.

tion of the Thirty-eight Commissioners, between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and

Two in the Afternoon, and afterwards, from Time to Time, as is directed by the said former Ad.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as the Streets. Lanes, and c®mniir’

Passages, in the said former Ad mentioned shall be paved, relaid, repaired, raised, lowered, altered, clean-

fed, and freed from Annoyances, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Encroachments, and Drains made as Jf

in and by the said former Ad is directed, and the Monies raised, and to be raised, according to the

Powers given by the said former and this present Act shall be repaid and discharged, with such Intrrcfl

as shall or may be due for the fame, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the major Part

of them, to assemble; and the Commissioners so assembled, or the Majority of them, shall and may,

and they are hereby authorised and required to determine whether the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages,

shall from thenceforth be kept in Repair, or relaid, as Occasion may require, in the Manner directed by

the said former Ad, or by the respective Owners or Occupiers of the several Houses, Buildings, Lands,

ri cncrncms.

