150 C. 23. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Receipts and aforesaid, his, her, or their Assigns, upon Payment of the Consideration or Purchase- money, shall have

Orders for Pay- a Receipt or Receipts for the fame, and also an Order on Parchment (which may be made without any

ed^and^venYo Stamps) for Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities for and during the natural Life of the Person who

the Contribu- shall be so nominated as aforesaid, by half-yearly Payments; which Order shall be signed by the said Corn-

tors. missioners, or any five or more of them; and after signing thereof, the fame shall be firm, valid, and of

good Effect in the Law, according to the true Purport and Meaning of this Avft.

Annuities may LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Purchaser or Purchasers

be aligned, of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or

Assigns, at any Time or Times, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals,

to assign such Annuity or Annuities, or any Part thereof, or Interest therein, to any Person or Persons

whatsoever, and so toties quoties, and a Memorandum or Entry of all such Ordcis and Assignments shall be

made, in the Book to be kept as hereafter mentioned, at the Charge of the said Commissioners; for which

Entry or Memorandum two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, shall be paid; and no such Alignment

shall be deemed valid, unless such Memorandum or Entry shall be first made as aforesaid.

Houses, See. to LVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Houses and Buiiumgs hereafter to be

larlv^whcnn^w kuilt or new’^ronte<^> or any Part thereof, within the Diftridl aforesaid, shall, for the effectual and absolute

built*'or newtT Prevention of all Manner of Projections, Annoyances, and Inconveniencies thereby, rife perpendicularly

fronted, from the Foundation: And if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, presume to

build or new-front any House or other Building, or any Part thereof, within the Distritl aforesaid, or

cause the fame to be done, or rife otherwise than perpendicularly from such Foundation, it shall and may

be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, under their Hands and Seals, to

cause the fame to be pulled down and removed by any Person, Workmen, or Persons they shall think fit;

the Costs $md Charges whereof shall be paid and reimbursed to the said Commissioners, or any five or more

of them, or their Order, by the Owner or Owners of such Houses or Buildings, or other Person or Per-

fons ordering or directing the fame: And in case of such Refusal or Neglect in paying or reimbursing the

said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint to re-

ceive the fame, it shall and may be lawful for any five or more of them to cause an Action to be brought in

the Name of any of their Officers, for the Recovery thereof, with Costs of Suit.

As \nnuitantt LVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That as such Annuitant or Annuitants shall dieoff, and

die, the Rates to such Rates or Asseflinents can be lowered and reduced, the fame shall be so done, in equal Proportions, from

be lowered. time to time.

Monies raised LIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies raised or collected, by virtue,

verted in the or by Means, or under the Authority of this Act, shall be, and the fame are hereby vested in the said

Comnuffionert. Commissioners; and all Monies raised or collected by virtue of this Act shall be applied for the Purposes of

this Act, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

Expence* of LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Charges and

the Act to be Expences of procuring and passing this Act, shall be paid out of the first Monies which shall be raised by

first paid. virtue cf this Act.

Out-Street* may LXI. And be it further enacted iby the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time hereafter four-fifths

be paved by the or more in Number and Value of the Householders, and also four-fifths or more in Number and Value of

w^ftion'of l^e Landlords or Owners of Houses and Tenements, within any the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts,

four”fifths of the Paiges, or Places, opening immediately into the said Streets, Lanes, and Places herein before men*

Tenants or tioned and authorised to be paved, shall, at any Time hereafter, apply by Petition under their Hands to

Landlord*. the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, expressing their Desire to have the fame paved, and

cleared of Incroachments, Nuisances, Obstrudtions, and Annoyances; that then it shall and may be law-

ful for the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, to cause the fame to be done; and they

are hereby impowered to rate and assess the Inhabitants of such Street, Lane, Passage, Alley, Court, or

Place, for the Purposes aforesaid (so as such Assessment does not exceed one Shilling and Sixpence in the

m*y he. Pound for the Foot and Carriage-way, and Sixpence in the Pound for the Foot-way only; and to raiie

t^for Lives"01" Mon‘es upon Annuities for Lives, or otherwise, upon the Credit of such Rates or Assessments, for defray-

Such Street then Expences of the said Works, or any Matter or Thin': relating thereunto; and the Pavement of

may be compre- the said Street, Lane, or other Place comprehended in such Petition, (ha)J, after an Order made by the

hended in this said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, for the Purposes aforesaid, be from thencetonh vested

- in the said Commissioners appointed by this Act; and such Street or Place shall remain under the fame Go-

vernment, Direction, and Management of them and their Officers, or other Persons appointed by them for

that Purpose, as the said several Streets, Lanes, and Places, first authorised to be paved; and the said

Commissioners, Officers, Servants, Workmen, and other Persons ailing under them, shall have the fame

Power and Authority, in, over, and through such Street or Place petitioned for as aforesaid, and the

several Inhabitants, Landlords, Tenants, and Occupiers thereof. Companies, Commissioners, Bodies Po-

litic and Corporate, and their Officers, Servants, and Workmen, and all and every other Person or Per-

fons whatsoever, interested or intitled to any Privilege therein, and every Matter and Thing relating to

the Premises, as the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, and their Officers, Servants, and Work-

men acting under them, are invested with by this Act, for the better Management, ordering, regulating,

and rendering more commodious the several Streets, Lanes, and Places hereby first authorised to be paved ;

and every Clause, Matter, and Thing contained in this Act, shall be construed, adjudged, deemed, and

taken to extend to every such Street, Lane, and Place, petitioned for as aforesaid, as also to the several In-

habitants, Landlords, Tenants, and Occupiers thereof, Companies, Commissioners, Bodies Politic and

Corporate, their Officers, Servants, and Workmen, and all and every other Person or Persons interested

or

Gooooie

