336 C.i2| 13,14; Anno duodecimo GiiOrg11XII. JV. D. 177 2.

CAP. XII.

An Act for further continuing Two Acts made in the Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty’s Reign,

for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in

His Majesty’s Dominions in America, till a+th March 1774-

CAP. XIII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathingof the Militia in that Part of Great Britain

called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of , One thousand seven hun-

dred and seventy-two,

CAP. XIV.

An Act for Clearing, Depthening, Repairing, Maintaining, and Improving the Haven and

Piers of Great Yarmouth \ and for Depthening, and making more Navigable, the several

Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven; and, for preserving Ships wintering

therein from.Accidents by Fire.

.iVaniMe.

Act 23 Geo II.

After the 2 5^1

March 1772*

'the Duties

-granted by the

former Act are

to ceaTe,

Duties on

CtKkls, 8tc. un-

laden in the

Haven of Great

War mouth, &c.

&X«y r, See. to

chute a Col-

our.

4 ’1WHEREAS by an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

George the Second, intituled, An Aof for Repairings Improving, and Maintaining the Haven and

4 Piers cf Great Yarmouth, and for Depthening and making more Navigable the several Rivers emptying

4 themselves into the said Havens and also for prrfcrvi :g Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire; feve-

4 ral Duties were granted for clearing, depthening, repairing, extending, maintaining, and improving

the said Haven and Piers, and for depthening the Channel of that Part of the River Tare called Bray~

4 dons and for making more navigable the said River Tarts and the Rivers JVaveney and Bures which

‘ empty themselves into the said Haven, and for repairing the Bridge and publick Quays belonging to

the said Town; and also for preserving Ships wintering in the said Haven; which Ad will expire at

the End of this present Session of Parliament: And whereas the said Haven and Piers will soon fall

4 into Decay, unless some timely and effectual Provision be made by Parliament for preserving the fame;

4 Therefore, for preserving to the Inhabitants of the said Borough and the adjacent Counties, and of

the City of Norwichs the Benefit of t}'e said Haven and Piers, and to the End that the said Haven,

4 which is of great Importance to the Trade of these Kingdoms, may be cleared and depthened, and

the said Piers and Jettee, on the North Side of the said Haven, may be preserved and kept in Repair,

and Timber and other Materials for that Purpose provided from Time to Time, as Occasion may re--

4 quire; and that the Channel of that Part of the River Tare called Braydons leading from Great Tar-

4 mouth to the said City of Norwichs and so much of the River IFenfons commonly called Tarts as

4 lies between the New Mills in Norwich and Hardly Crcfss in Hardly, in the County of No?folks and

4 also the River Wavcneys and also the River Bures commonly called the North Rivers (which said Ri-

vers empty themselves into the said Haven), may be depthened and made more navigable for Boats and

4 Keels usually passing upon the fame, and that the Bridge and publick Quays belonging to the said

4 T own may be repaired may it please Your Majesty, that it may be enabledand be it enacted by

the King’s rnoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

T hat, from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two,

th i Duties g'anted by the said recited Act made in the Twenty-third Year of His late Majesty’s Reign

shall cease, determine, and be no longer, paid.

II. And be it further enacted, that in Jieu of the Duties hereby repealed, there shall be paid by every

Mailer, or other Person or Persons having the Rule and Command of any Ship or Vessel which shall

unlade within the said Haven of Great Yarmouths or in that Part of the Sea called Tarmouth Roads near

a joining to the said Borough, extending from the South Part of the Town of Scratby, in the County of

Not folks to the North Part of the Town of Gortons in the County of Suffolk, at the Time of unlading

the said Ship or Vcffid, for the Goods hereafter mentioned; (that is to say,)

III. For every Chaldron of Coals, ffinchester Measure, Last of Wheat, Rye, Barley, Malt, or other

Giain, and for every Wdgh ol Salt, and every Tunof allother Goods or Merchandise what foe ver (Fish

only excepted) which shall be unladen in or imported into the said H.iven or Road, the Sum of Ten-

pence, or such other greater Sum as the Twelve Commissioners to be appointed as herein after is di-

rected, or any Seven of them (Five being Coir rr.issioners for the Counties of No folks Suffolk, and the

City of Norwich) shall o:der and direct, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Twelve-pence; which

said hims of Money shall, fiom Time to Time, be applied and tiifposed of for the several Uf?s, In-

tents, and Purposes, and in the Manner and Proportions herein-after directed concerning the fame.

IV. And be it further enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor, Aldermen, BurgcfTes,

and Commonalty of the borough of Great Yarmouths in Common Council assembled, shall, from Time

to T ime, during the Continuance of this Act, nominate and chus? such Person or Persons as they shaft

think fit to be Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Ps.cceivers of all and every the Sum and Sums of

Mon y determined by the Authority of this Act ordered and appointed to be paid; which Sum end Sums of Mo-

iu y the said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers shall, from Tim? to Time, pay, or cause

to h* paid, into th? Hands of the Cftambcilains of the said Borough for the Time being, or into the

JkLuvis of such other Pei (on or Persons as the May9rf Aldermen, Purge libs, and Commonalty of the said

Borough

