58

. C. i4«*

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1771.

the said Guardians, or any nine or more of them, are hereby impowered to make: And in case any such Per-

son shall abscond and depart from the said City with or without making such Payments of any Money (o by

him coltefted, or shall compound for the fame in manner aforesaid, or shall so secrete himself as to avoid

being apprehended and committed as aforesaid; it shall be lawful for the said Corporation, although the

fame may have been collected again, or made up by Means of any subsequent or intervening Rate in any

such Parish, by the Order and to the Use of the said Corporation, in either or any such Cafe, to sue for,

and to recover the fame Money so collected, and every Part thereof, against each and every such Person*

by Action of Debt, B^ill, Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record in Great Britain, without Li-

Dtmagesand mitation of Time ; wherein no Essoin, or Wager of Law, or any Imparlance shall be allowed : And upo*

Co* a Verdict for the said Corporation, they shall recover treble the Amount of the Money so collected, and

Treble Costs of Suit, and have such Remedy for the fame as any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs hath or have in any

other Cafe9 by Law: And which Money and Costs, after deducting all other Costs expended by the said

Guardians in or by reason of any such Suit, when received by them, shall be placed to the Credit and to

the Account of the particular Parish, from whence and in respect whereof such Money so recovered had

Persons paying been originally collected ; and in order to charge every such Person with the Receipt of such Money to be

the Money to be so by him collected as aforesaid, the several and respective Persons paying any such Money, or any Part

competent Wit- thereof, shall, and are hereby declared to be good and competent Witnesses to prove any of such Payment

by him, her, or them.

On Death of XXXII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any*

Collector, Sur- Person to whom any such Precept to make and collect any such Rates within any such Parish, for the Use

tivor to proceed. of? an(j un(jcr the Seal of the said Corporation as aforesaid, shall happen to die before all or any Part of

such Money to be so rated shall be collected by him, the Whole, or so much thereof as shall remain un-

collected by the Person so dying, shall be collected and levied by the surviving Person or Persons to whom

each such Warrant or Precept mall from time to time be directed ; and be or they shall afterwards execute

the fame in all Respects herein directed 5 and all such Money as shall or may, at the Death of any such

Person, have been collected and received by him under any such Rate, and remaining in his Hands, shall

Parfonat R?pre* within ten Days after such his Decease, be paid by his legal Representative or Representatives, or Person.

fentatives liable possessing his late Estate and Effects, to the lurviving Person or Persons, or any of them to whom the par-

to pay Monies ticular Precept, by virtue whereof such Money had been received, was so directed, who shall be answerable

Tfi^edibn the r to Pay over the fame to the Treasurer, or other Person hereby impowered to receive the same, for the Use

KfUter n of the fame Corporation, under the like Penalty for Disobedience, and subject to the like Remedies against

him or them for Recovery thereof by the said Guardians, as if he or they had originally collected any such

Money: And in case any such Representative or Representatives of any such deceased Person, or the Per-

son possessing his late Estate and Effects as aforesaid, shall neglector refuse, upon the Demand of such fur-

viving Collector, or of any other Person to be directed by the said Guardians to pay over to such surviving;

Collector, or to any other Person whom the said Guardians shall, appoint, all the Money having been so

collected by, and remaining in the Hands of any such deceased Person at his Death, it shall be lawful for

any one Justice of the faiaCity, upon Complaint to him thereof made by Order of the said Corporation*,

by Warrant under his Hand and Sea)* to levy all such Money determined by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chat-

tels, late of the Person so deceased,. with the Costs of such Distress and Sale: And for Want of such Di-

stress, it shall be lawful for the said Guardians to sue for and recover any of such Money, although the De-

ficiency thereof may have been again raised and collected by such Parish by Order of the said Guardians, by

Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record in Great Britain, against the Herr

at Law, or personal Representative of the Person or Officer being dead; whose real and personal Effects-

are hereby made severally liable and subject thereto: And upon a verdict for the said Guardians, they fihali.

recover 7>eble Costs of Suit, and have such Remedy for the fame, as any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs hath or

have in any other Cafes by Law ; and which Money and Costs. after deducing thereout all the other Obfe

expended in such Suit by the said Guardians, when received, Jnall'be placed to the Credit and Account of*

the Parish, from which such Money, so recovered, had been originally rated and collected : And any Per-

son or Persons having paid any Part of such Rates or Money so having been collected by any such deceased

Person before his Death, (half, and are hereby declared to be good and competent Witnesses to prove any

of such Payments by him, her, or them.

Persons whose ‘ XXXIII. And whereas there may be some Houses in the faid1 City, which' are lett out in separate

Houses are lett Apartments, and others lett ready furnished to Lodgers f Be it therefore further enacted, That every

jmo Lodgings to Person, whether Landlord or Tenant, who letts out his or her House in separate Apartments, or ready

berated. fornished, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed the Occupier thereof, and may berated or assessed

accordingly ; and shall be liable and subject to the Payment of the Sum so rated or assessed.

Goods of Lodgers. XXXlv. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Goods and Chattels of every Person renting or

liable to theR*te. occupying any separate Apartment in any such Houses, or renting or occupying any ready-furnished House*

shall be liable to be distrainedand fold, for the Payment of the Rate or Assessment; and that each and every

Person who shall pay such Rate or Assessment, so charged on his or her respective Landlord or Landlords,

or upon whose Goods and Chattels the fame shall be levied in pursuance of this Act, shall and may deduct

the fame from and out of the next Rent due and payable to his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords, fa

letting the fame ; and the Receipt for such Payment shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Landlord or Land-

lords, for so much Money as he or she shall have so paid, or as shall have been so levied on his or her Goods

and Chattels, in pursuance of this Act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for

the said Guardians, or any nine or more of them, at any. of their public Meetings, to,borrow and take up

2t

For mortgaging

Ike Rates,

