122 C. 22. Armo undecimo Georgii III. A.D. I77r.

or removable by

Certiorari,

Limitation tf

A&iont.

General Issue.

'XreMe Coik*.

Public Atf.

for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his

Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster \ any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

ACIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit (nail be com-

menced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until twenty Days No-

tice shall be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, or after sufficient Satisfac-

tion, or Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after six Calendar Months

next after the Fadl committed, for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and

every such Action shall be brought, laid, and tried in the County or Place where such Matters and Things

respectively shall be committed or done, and not in any other County or Place ; and the Defendant or De-

fendants in such Actions and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Issue, and give this Adb

and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon ; and that the Mat-

ter or Thing, for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought, was done in pur-

fuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so doner

or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before twenty Days Notice thereof given as afore-

said, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall

not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County or

Place than as aforesaid ; then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein : And if

a Verdict or Verdicts shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs irr

such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action or

Actions, or if upon any Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions, Judgement shall be given for

the Defendant or Defendants therein; then, and in either of the Cafes aforesaid, such Defendant or De-

fendants shall have Treble Costs ; and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant

or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs, in any other Cafes by Law.

XCV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be taken and allowed in

all Courts of Justice as a Public Act; and all Judges, Tuftices,. and others, are hereby required to take No-

tice thereof as such,. without the fame being specially pleaded.

cap. xxir.

An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts made relating to paving, cleanfingr

and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty

of fVeftm)iJlery and Parts adjacent.

•ziJeo. 3; r. 2iv * TT 7 HEREAS an Act of Parliament was made in the second Year of the Rergn of his present Ma^

- 3 Gto. 3. c. 23... * W jesty, For paving cleansing*, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Li-

+(f eo 3-c 39*' 4 berty a/'Westminster, the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George

ball 1 c 5c°> * Bloomsbury, those Parts of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborr^ which lie in the County of Middlesex,

7 Geo. 3.. 4 the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy c?/'Lane after which lies in the County

<..37. 4'fl/'Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and several

4 other Acts were made in the third, fourth, fifth, and sixth Years of his said present Majesty, for amend-

4 ing the first-mentioned Act, or for enabling the Commissioners thereby appointed more effectually to carry

4 the Pur poles of the said Acts into Execution, and great Progress hath been made in the Works by the

4 said Acts directed to be performed ; but the Commissioners are unable to complete the same without fur-p

4 ther Aid : And whereas it is apprehended that it would forward the good Purposes of the said Acts, and

4 be a great Ease to the present Commissioners, if an additional Number of Commissioners were to be elect-

4 ed and appointed by each Parish, Prccindl, and Place, to act with the present Commissioners and also^

4 if a certain Number of the Inhabitants within each Parish, Precinct, and Place, were to be elected and

4 appointed as Committees to aflifl in carrying the said Acts into Execution, within their respective Pa-

4 rilhes, Precincts, and Places: And whereas some further Powers and Authorities are necessary to be

4 given, and some further Regulations made, in order to efredl the Purposes aforesaid May it therefore

please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's moftExcellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

v</>r>ineti ar.J -assembled, and by the Authority of the same,. That the Vestrymen of the several Parishes of Saint Jamesy

Inhabitants rr^y Saint Alargar et, Saint John the Evangeli/l, Saint Alar tin in the Fields, Saint George, Hanover Square, and

mm and chute Saint Paul\ Covent Gardenwithin the City and Liberty of Westminster, and of the Parishes of Saint Giles in

adittural Com- the Fields, and Saint George, Eloomfiury, in the County of Middlesex, and the Inhabitants who have a Right

inVh^rV-r-ec-" to ]r) Vestry, or other public Meetings of the several Parishes of Saint Anne, within the Liberty of

tive Par; (Ins,' /ffhni after aforesaid, and of Saint Clement Danes, and Saint Alary le Strand, as well within as without the

who are to be Liberties of the said City and the Precinct of the Savoy, and of the Parishes of Saint Andrew, Ho lb cm

joined with the above the Bars, and Saint George the Martyrand of the Liberty of Saffron Hill, Hatton Garden, and Ely

j>refe n t Coramif* Rents, in the said County of Middle [ex, (except such Part of the last-mentioned Liberty as has been paved,

lighted, ar.d cl can fed by virtue of an Adl of Parliament, intituled, c An Act for the better paving, cleans-

4 ing, and enlightening the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and for preventing Obftrtidliona and

4 Annoyances within the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned ; and for repealing, an Adl made

4 in the sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for those Purposes shall, and they are hereby respec-

tively. impowered and required,to meet and assemble imthe Vestry-rooms, ox other ulual Places of Meeting,.

fox

