ii^3 C. 2

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1771.

Verdi ft s, iec.

to be registered.

Commissioners

may invert Mo

ments, to be made appear to, and to be declared by the said Court, and according to the Value thereof

assessed, as aforesaid; and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall fcem just

and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cafluers of the Bank o{England, who shall receive such Sum and

Sums, is and arc hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums, mentioning and

specifying for what Premises, and for whose Use, the fame is or are received, to such Person as shall pay

any such Sum or Sums into the Bank of England as aforesaid.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That a Memorial of all such Verdi£b, Judgements, Sentences,

Decrees, and Orders of the said Commissioners and Juries, as relate to or concern any such Lands, Tene-

ments, or Hereditaments, lo to be purchased, shall be entered in the Office appointed for registerine Deeds,

Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances, within the County of Middlesex; and the said Verdidh,

Judgements, Sentences, Decrees, and Orders, shall be deemed and taken to be Records to all Intents

Copies good Evi-and Purposes whatsoever; and the fame, or true Copies thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be a good

deuce. and effectual Evidence and Proof in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity whatsoever; and all Persons

shall and may have Recourse to the fame gratis, and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy not ex-

ceeding two hundred Words Sixpence, and so proportionably for any greater or lesser Number of Words:

On such Pay- And immediately after such Verdicts, Judgements, Sentences, Decrees, and Orders of the said Commis-

^"e'fHn'the^ fi°ners and Juries, and Payment into the Bank as aforesaid, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use,

saidVonimif- Fruft, Property, Claim, and Demand in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons (to whose Credit

(knci». such Money shall be paid) in, to, and out of the said Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises,

shall vest in the said Commissioners, and they shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession thereof

to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as if every Person having any Estate in the

Premises had actually conveyed the fame by Leale and Release, Bargain and Sale inrolled. Feoffment with

Livery and Seisin, Fine and Recovery or any other Conveyance whatsoever; and such Payment shall not

only bar all Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand of the Person or Persons to whose Credit such

Payment shall have been made, but also shall extend to, and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower

and Dowers of the Wife or Wives of such Person or Persons, and all Estates Tail, in Reversion, or Re-

mainder, and the Issue or Issues of such Person or Persons, and every Person chiming under them, as effec-

tually as a Fine or Recovery would do, if levied or fuft’ered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law.

LXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Com-

tie in the Pub- m*^loners> or any ^ve or more of them, before such Payment into the Bank as aforesaid, and before any

HcVunds, C&c. Application in respect thereof to the said Court of Chancery, at the Petition of any Person or Persons in

Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to place out or in vest, or cause to be placed out

or inverted, such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, in some of the public Funds or Govern-

ment Securities, at Interest, in the Name of any Person or Persons authorised and appointed by the said

Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for that Purpose, in Trust, to transfer and assign the fame to

the Person or Persons to whom the Premises belong, on their executing proper Conveyances thereof; and,

in the mean time, in Trust, to pay the Interest and Dividends arising therefrom to the Person or Persons

who was or were in Possession of the said Premises at the Time of the said Payment into the Bank*

LXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall be

intitled to recover the mesne Profits of the Piemifes against the Person or Persons in Possession, in case the

fame had not been so conveyed to or vested in the said Commissioners as aforesaid, shall be intitled to re-

cover the Sum or Sums to arise from such Interest and Dividends as aforesaid, by Action of Debt or other-

wife, against the Person or Persons who shall receive the same; and the said Commissioners, or any five

or more of them, are hereby impowered to make such Order as aforesaid on the Bank for the Payment of

such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, as shall be necessary, in order to the fame being so

invested in public Securities; and the said Commissioners shall be quieted in the Possession of the Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, for which such Money shall be so paid as aforesaid, and shall not be an-

fwerable or accountable, in any Court of Law or Equity, for the Money so deposited and placed out as

aforesaid, any otherwise than according to the Tenor, Purport, and true Meaning of this A£E

LXXIL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Sum or Sums of Money (b

assessed by the said Jury, and ordered and adjudged by the said Commissioners to be paid to the Owners,

Occupiers, and others, for their respective Interests in the Premises aforesaid, shall not be paid, tendered,

to ^binding”0' or ^epofited by the said Commissioners, as herein directed, within six Calendar Months after the fame shall

c ln ing‘ have been so a fie fled, orde.cd, and adjudged; then, and in such Cafe, the Verdict of the said Jury, and

the Order and Adjudication of the said Commissioners, shall not be binding upon the said Parties j any

Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Principal Money arising from

the Sale of any Hjufes, Edificts, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be purchased, for

the Purposes contained in this Act, of any Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole,

Feoffees in Trust, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, or from any Feme Covert, shall be paid to

such Person or Persons as they shall respectively nominate to receive the same, in Trust, with all conve-

nient Speed, then afterwards to be rcinvtfted in the Purchase of other Me flu ages. Lands, Tenements, and

Hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled to and upon, and subject to the like Uses, Trusts, Limitations,

Remainders, and Contingencies, as the Houses, Edifices, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which

shall be purchased of them respeeftively by the faiJ Commissioners as aforesaid, were respectively limited or

assured at the Time of such Purchase, or so many thereof as, at the Time of making such Conveyances

and Settlements, shall be existing, and capable of taking Effect.

LXXIV. And

Commissioneri

to order the

fame to be paid

-accordingly.

-If Money not

tendered, the

Verdicts and

P'M'hase-mo-

nies of Premises

held in Trurt,

to be inverted in

other Purchases

to the fame

Uses.

c.

