A.D. 1771.

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

C. 23.

*5*

cr intitled to any Privilege therein, and every Matter or Thing relating to or in anywise concerning

the Premises, in like Manner as the fame Clauses extend, or shall be adjudged or cnnltrucd to extend,

in iimilar Cjfes, to the several Streets, Lancs, and Places first authorised to be paved, and the several Inhabit-

ants, Landlords, Tenants, and Occupiers thereof. Companies, Commissioners, Bodies Politic and Cor-

porate, and all and every other Person or Persons whatsoever interested or intitled to any Privilege therein*

or to any Matter or Thing relating to the Premiles ; and the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punish-

ments, thalJ be inflicted, and for the like causes, as arc herein expressed ; and shall be 1‘ued for, recovered,

levied, and executed in the lame Manner.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Accounts of

the Receipts and Dffburiements arising upon the Works to be done for the Street or Place comprised

in such Petition, and all other Business and Transaftions relating thereto, shall be kept separate and di-

flin£t from the Accounts of the Receipts and Di(burfements arising in consequence of the Works to be

done in the several Streets, Lanes, and Places herein before first authorised to be paved, and other Bu-

finefs and Transactions relating thereto 5 but that such Accounts, as also the Accounts of the Business

arising in consequence of any subsequent Petition, shall be kept separate and distindt from each other, and

in nowile interfere one with the other; and the Monies, Cash, or Fund of each Account, shall be ap-

plied to the Uses only for which such Account is kept, and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

L X111. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to compound and agree with

any Person or Persons against whom any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be brought, commenced,

or prosecuted, for any Penalties contained in this Act, or in any Contract or Contracts hereafter to be en-

tered into, on account of any Breach or Non-performance of any such Contract or Contracts, for such Suin

or Sums of Money as they, or any five or more of them, shall think proper; and also to mitigate, com-

pound, or lefi'en any other the Forfeitures incurred under this Act; (o as the Sums so compounded and

agreed for be not less than the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Non-performance of any Clause

comprised in this Act, or of such Contract or Contracts, and all the Costs, Charges, and Expences,

which shall be occasioned thereby; and so as the Mitigation of the Forfeitures as aforesaid, do not extend

to remit above one Moiety of the said Forfeitures respectively.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the Justices of the

Peace for the County of Ahddlej'rx, or for any of the Justices foe the Liberty of his Majesty’s Tower of

London^ although such Justices shall be Commissioners fur the Purposes of this Act, to hear and determine

any of the Offences arising within their respective Jurisdictions, which are made subject to and punishable

by, any pecuniary Penalty directed to be levied by virtue of this Act.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall

think himself or herfelt* aggrieved by any tiling done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular

Method of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person may appeal to the Jufficcs of the Peace

at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County or Place whctcin the Cause of

Complaint shall ar.fe, and with n three Calendar Months alter the Cause of such Complaint shall have

arisen, such Appellant first giving, or causing to be given, twenty-one Days Notice, at the least, in

Wilting, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk to the said

Commissioners, and within two Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice

of the Peace for such County or P«acc, with two suficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal,

and abide the Order of, and to pay such Costs as {hall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions :

And the said Justices, at such oession, upon due Proof of such Notice being given asafoiefaiJ, and of the

entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in

a luminary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices

£ha!l think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be finally binding and conclusive

to all Intents and Purposes.

LX VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by

this Act imposed, (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly di-

rected) shall be levied and recovered by L) ft refs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by War-

rant under the Hand and Seal of one Justice of the Peace acting in and for the said County or Places, and

within his proper Jurisdiction ; which Warrant such Justice is hereby impowered and required to grant

upon the ConfeHion of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of one or more credible Witness or

Witnesses upon Oath ; and the Penalties and Forfeitures when recoveied, after rendering the Overplus (if

any be) upon Demand, to the Party or Paities u'hose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold,

(the Charges o( such Distrcfs and Sale being first deducted) shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Com-

missioners for the time being, and be appfieJ toward* the Purposes of this Act: And in case sufficient Distrcfs

shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it (lull and may be lawful

to and for huh Justice, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to

cause such Offender or Offenders to he committed to the C< mmon Gaol or Jioufe of Correction of such

County or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding three Calendar

Months, nor less than fourteen Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges,

be sooner fully paid and fatMkd.

LXV 11. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and

may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, if they

shall ftc Cause, to pay and apply such Parc of the said Penalties and Forfeitures, or any of them, as they

Cull

Accounts of

such Pavement,

with the Blari-

n'. is relating

there o, to he

kept ieparaic.

Penalties rr*a/

be miti^aUiK

CommifTtnnrrs

who are Tu 4ut|

for Mii-f-i c,

and the L-terty

of the Tov "r

W.thour, nuy

a a.

Persons injured

may appeal to

the Quarter Stk

/ions.

Pera!fi*i an!

Forfcltuics hen#

to be recovered

and

C-'rsrr hToner#

n n r-4/.ird

