286 C. 47.

Anno undecimo Georgii IN.

A.D. 1771,

any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than fourteen Days, unless such Penalties and

Forfeitures, and ail reasonable Chaiges, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

Commlflnnfr* LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said

rnay reward in Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, from time to time, if they shall feeCau e, to pay and apply

ormers, such part Qj. fajj Penalties and Forfeitures, or any of them, as they shall think proper, not exceeding

one Moiety of them, or any of them, to and for the Ule of the Informer or Informers, or any of them;

any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Dist'efsnot un- LXXIi. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of

Uwtui ror Want Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself (lull not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or

o 01m. Parties making the same be deemed a Trespafier or Trespafters, on account of any Defect or Want of Form

in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trcfpafter or

Trespafters ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which (hill bo afterwards done determined by the Party or Parties

distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recovei full Satisfaction for the

special Damage in an Action on the Cafe.

Plaintiffs not to LXXIU Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action, for any such Irre-

fecover, u Ten* gUlarity, Trespafs, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the Be-

bc ciade.mt:ndg ^alf °* Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such Irregularity,

Trespafs, or wrongful Proceedings, before such Action brought: And in calc no such Tender shall have

been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of

the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum

of Money as he or they shall fee fit; whereupon such Proceedings or Orders, and Judgements, (hill be

had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions"where the Defendant is allowed to pay

Money into Court.

Writing* to he LXXIV. And be it further enacted. That no Nomination, Contract, Bond, Warrant, Judgement, or

without Sumps, other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by any of the

said Commissioners, or Justice or justiecs of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or any of them, or un-

der the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by any other Person or Persons whatsoever,

relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

'LXXV. And be it further enacted, 'That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners, at their

Meetings, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and such Orders and Proceed-

ings so entered shall be signed by the Clerk or Clerks at any Meeting of seven or more of the said Com-

millioner* Gambled, as the Cafe shall require, and such Orders shall be deemed and taken to be original

Orders ; which said Book or Books shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts what-

soever.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any

Offender or Offenders against this Adc, or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be done or tran(-

acted in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quaftied for Want of Form, or be re«

moved determined by Certiorari, of any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty’s Courts of Re-

cord at JVt'flminster, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXVII And be it further enacted, T hat no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or

Persons for any Thingdone in pursuance of this Act, until twenry-one Days Notice shall be thereof given

in Writing to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, or after sufficient Satisfaction or 'Tender thereof hath

been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after six Calendar Months next after the Kadi committed,

for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and every such Action (h.:il be

brought, laid, and tried in the County where stich Matters and Things respectively shall be committed or

done, and not in any other County or Place ; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Actions and Suits,

and every of them, may plead thcjCiencral KTue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence,

at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon ; and that the Matter or Thing for which such Ac-

tion or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act:

And if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been fodone, or if it shall appear that such Action or

Suit was brought before twenty-one Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction

Was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time

before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the

Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and if a VerdidI or Verdicts shall be

found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in such Action or Actions, Suit

or Suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action or Actions, or if upon any De-

murrer or Demurrers, in such Action or Actions, Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defen-

dants therein ; then, and in any of the Cafes aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble

Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for

his, her, or the ir Ccfts, in any other Cafes by Law.

LXXV III. And be it further enadited. That this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts as a

Public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and others, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such,

without the fame being specially pleaded.

• Proc«JingS tO

be entered in

Books.

Distress not to

be deemed un-

law! ul for want

of Form,

Limitation of

•Actions.

H5eneral Issue.

Treble Costs.

Public Act*

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

CAP.

