A.D. 1771.

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

C. 9.

T3

any seven or more of them, {hall seem proper; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any

wife notwithstanding.

XVIII. Provided, That none of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, or other public Pdf- No Streets to be

sages, except the said High Street, shall be pitched or paved without such Request of the Owners or Pro- without

pnetors of Houses, Lauds, Tenements, or Hereditaments situated therein, as is herein for that Purpose Rec*ucft of i'r°*

before reouired. pnetort.

XIX. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to impower or oblige the said Not to extend to-

Commissionei s to alter, repair, or cleanse, unless for the Purposes of making a good and convenient Foot- any Turnpike

way and C rollings, any Carriage-way of any of the said Streets, Squares, Lancs, Alleys, Courts, or other Road' &c’

public Pall'ages, being Part of any 7'urnpike Road within the Parishes aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, 7'hat the paying and defraying the Colts and Charges of the paving, Charge* to be-

pitching, altering, cleansing, and putting in Repair the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and P3.id by the Pro*

other public Pallages within the City and Parishes aforesaid; and of purchasing a fufficient Number of Glass Plict0M*

Lamps, and of fixing the fame; and also of building and providing Watch-houses and Stands for the fame;

for the first l ime shall be a Charge on, and shall be raised and paid by the several Owners or Proprietors

of the several Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said City and Pa-

rishes aforesaid, having such Aid for that Purpose as is hereiQ after provided: And that for the paying and

defraying the fame, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any fourteen or more

of them, (from and after the passing this Act) to make, assess, and impose one or more equal Pound-rate

or Rates at their Discretion, to be collected annually at such Time or 1'imes in the Year as to them shall

seem meet, and to endure and have Continuance for such Term or Number of Years as they shall think

proper, on all and every the Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which are rated or rateable

to the Poor Rates within the City or Parishes aforesaid, according to the yearly Value of the fame reflec-

tively; except a certain Messuage or Dwelling-house, together with the Barns, Stables, Buildings, Out- Except^*,

houses, and Grounds thereunto belonging, situate and being in the Parish of Saint Bartholomew Hyde, now

in the Tenure or Possession of Samuel Jnvkesbury, called or known by the Name of Barton Farm.

XXI. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall be contlrued to impower the said Com- No AflVflmenti

missioners to rate or alTcfs any Arable, Meadow, or Pasture Lands within any of the Parishes aforesaid,tobe m4dcwilil'

unless the fame are situate within the Walls of the City aforesaid. out the City.

XXII. Provided also, That the Site of the College, the Close, Deanry, and Prebendal Houses, Sta- The Clofc and

bles, Yards, Gardens, Buildings, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and also the Church-yard be- Col;es« c*-

longing to the Cathedral Church of the City aforesaid, and all Houses, Hospitals, and other public Build- cmplcd*

ings, let apart for the Purposes of public Charity, be not included within any of the Clauses and Provisions

contained in this Act; and that the fame, and every Part thereof, be exempt from all Rates, Assessments,

and Impositions, which shall be made for carrying this Act into Execution.

XXIII. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to impower the said Com- No moretlun

missioners to rate or all'cfs any Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in any of the said Streets, Two-third, tobs

Squares, Lancs, Alleys, Courts, or other public Passages in the City or Parishes aforesaid, (except Lands, ,n the*

Stables, Out houses, Buildings, and 7'enemenrs contiguous and belonging to the Houses in the High Street Street.

of the said City) more than two third Parts of the Sum which they would be liable to be rated and a ill* 111* d

if the fame were situated in the Hi oh Street of the said City, until the fame shall be required to be paved by

the Majority of the Owners or Proprietors of Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments situate

therein, in Manner before mentioned; after which the said Commissioners, or any fourteen or more of

them, shall respectively rate and allefs the Owners or Proprietors of Houses, Lands, Tenements, and He-

reditaments, situate in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alievs, Courts, or other public Passages, ,

which the Majority of the Owners or Proprietors of Houses, Lancs, 7'enements, and Hereditaments, shall

reciuire to be paved as aforesaid, in such Manner as is herein before mentioned.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Charges and Expences, to be assessed and raised as Expends of

aforesaid, shall be paid to the Collector for the time being, appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Pav,n?»

seven or more of them, by the Tenants or Occupiers of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, *onrd^r^n^

and Hereditaments, (except as aforesaid); and such Tenants or Occupiers shall be at Liberty, and they Time,

arc hereby impowered to deduct and retain out of his, her, or their Rent or Rents, such Sum or Sums of 9

Money as they shall respectively pay on account thereof, for the Owners or Proprietors of the said Houses,

Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, who. are hereby required to allow

such Deductions and Payments upon the Receipt of the Residue of their Rents, any Lease or Contract to

the contrary notwithstanding: And if any Tenant or Occupier of any House, BuilJing, Yard, Garden, how to be

Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, within the City or Parishes aforesaid, shall neglelt or refuse to pay covered.

such Charges within ten Days alter the fame shall become due, and after Demand thereof, by Notice in

Writing under the Hand of the said Collector, to be delivered to or at the Dwelling-house of such Tenant

or Occupier, the fame shall and may be levied on every such 7’enant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers,

determined by Diflrcfs and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or

Hands and Seals, of any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City, returning the Over-

plus (if any) after deducting all Culls and Charges attending the fame, to the Owner or Owners of such

Goods or Chattels lb dillmncd, on D< maud: And v. here any House, Building, Yard, Garden, Piece of Ocnv^trr J*

LanJ, Tenement, or Herediur.itnt. Ih.dl be let or d. rrof d to nio^e than one 7'cnant or 7'ennnts, Occu- for the Purp:«r

pier or Occupiers, any one or more of such Tenant or 7"cnants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall be deemed c lied',nt>ia>*

the 7'cnant or Tenants, O.cupicr or Occupier*, for the Purposes of this Act; and the fai l Charges shall

be levied by Diflrcfs and Sale ol all or any the Goods or Chattels in such House, Building, Yard, Garden,

Pieces

I Tix#

