A.D. 1772.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

C. 17. 365

and may be lawful to and for any such Justiceor Justices to administer such Oath, and they are hcrebyr

authorised and required to administer the lame.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and so Peualriw may b*

any Five or more of the said Commissioners, from Time to Time, when and as often as they shall fee mitigated.

cause so to do, to mitigate or lessen any of the said Forfeitures or Penalties in which any such Offen-

der or Offenders shall be convicted as aforesaid, in Favour of any such Offender or Ofrcnders, who {hall

immediately pay down or give Security to the Satisfaction of Lhc said Commiikoners, for the Payment of

such Sum or Sums of Money, to which said Commissioners shall mitigate such Forfeiture or Penalty,

so as such Mitigation or Lcflcrv.ng do not extend to remit mo c than One Moiety of the said Forfeiture

or Penalty; and every such ' litigation shall be a fuSicient Discharge toluch Off. nder or Ofienders rtfpec-

tivtly for so much of the fail 1 entities or Fortmtuics as shall b: 10 lessened, mitigated, or remitted; but

that no Mitigation or LcTicning of any of the Forfeitures or Penalties inflicted by this Act, shall be

made or allowed in Favour of any Offender or OtTend.is, unless he o: they shall respectively pay down,

or give Security as aforesaid, for the Payment or such Sum of Money to which such Commissioners

ihnll think proper to mitigate. Men, or remit such Forfeiture or Penalty.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for Commissiorx*r»|.

any Commissioner or Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, to put this Act in Execution, who who are in the

now is, or shall be in the Commilliun of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, to act as a Justice or Commilhonof

}uftices of the Peace within h>s or their rdpective Jurisdictions, for putting in Execution the several ^Yuftuet^

Powers and Authorities granted by this Act, notwithstanding his or their being such Commissioner or * *u ue ’

Commissioners as ai'urefai J. ,

XL1I1. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Book or Bcoks shall be pre- Prrcecd ngi to-

pared and kept by the hid Commissioners, or such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint, £fe£*c.red m

wherein shall be faiily entered, from Time to Time, the Names of such Persons as they shall nomi- 0

naie and appoint to put in Execution the Purposes of this Act, and Copies of all Orders and Proceed-

ings relating thereunto, and also ail Account of what Monies have been assessed, raised, levied, and

paid, by virtue of this Act, and how the fame have bten applied; which Book or Books i\\ Persons and all Perform

contributing to the said Rates or AlVeflrncnts, may, at all convenient Times, peruse and inspect concurred may

without Fee or Revvaid; and which said Book or Books, and all the Proceedings of the Meetings to the fame*

be held in pursuance of this Act, shall be signed by the Chairman of the said Commissioners for the wlttout F«e>

Time being, and shall be kept in the Vestry-room of the said Parish Church, or in such other Place

as shall be directed by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and shall be deemed:

and taken to be original Orders, as if the fame were under the Hands and Seals of Five or more^

of the said Commissioners; which said Book or Books shall and may be produced and read in all

Cafes of Appeals, and in any Suits or Actions touching any Thing done in pursuance and by Autho-

rity of this Act.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners^ or any Co*imifli«n«r*

Nine or moie of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to appoint a Clerk for the Purposes to appoint a

aforesaid, and, from Time to Time, to remove such Clerk, and appoint another in his Stead and Clc,k*

to allow such Clerk such Salary, Allowance, or Recompence, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue

of this Act, as to the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall seem meet.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Meeting Notice cfMeet-

of the said Commissioners, or any of them, shall beheld for the Execution of this Act, or any of the iobc6i*cn.

Powers thereof, other than and except the Meetings by Adjournment, unless publick Notice be firfL

given in the Church of the said Parish of Siiint Mary, Ifdngtcn., immediately after Divine Service in

the Forenoon of the Lord’s Day next before such Meeting, by an Order in Writing signed by Three

or more of the said Commissioners for the Time being for putting this Act in Execution.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Writing Writings Ac. t#*

whatsoever, under the Hands and Seals of, or only signed by, any of the said Commissioners, or any !^|l*jwut

Justiceor Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or any of them; or any Contract or Agree-

ment whatlocver in Writing, concerning or in the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities by

this Act granted, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all incidental

and if ccflliry Charges and Expences which shall occaftonally arise and occur in cariying info Execu- ot\t

tion the several Purposes of this Act, shall be paid, defrayed, and made good by and out of the Mo- Rix*.

nits to be failed ant) levied by virtue and in pursuance thereof.

XLV III. And be it further ensued by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall think Personsaffrirved

himfdf or herftll rpp.iivedby any Thing done in pursuance 01 this Afi, it shall and may be lawful app aijutle

for any such. Peri-.;. 10 appc.il to the next General or Qua; ter-sessions of the Peace to be hdd for the

Lid County ol i>did<L', J'Xy and it (lull and may be Luvil! for the Ju'dices affcuilled, to make such ^naj#

Order thu'in, a: to tlu.n ft.all seem meet; which Order shall be li.iaf ai

cone lulu e.

XLIX. Pi mined r.llo, 1 hat no Order, Judgment, or other i locceJings, to be made, given, or had Proceeding not*

by or lx to;e ih^ said L 01,. m» dinners, or any lattice or 1 if!i<cr> of the IVac* , touching the CorviJit 0 fer^5niofd

of any Olitnders ag.inst this A^i, (hull be qu.jfhcJ (.rv'i.atu; for want of form only, or be icmovcd or p0rIfn*^ rc-

Jtmov. ble by Lenin or otheiwile, into . ny or l],s Ma'cny’s Courts of Record a: i. sdndnjtcr And ;r,ov«aMe by.

if.: v Person or P.Tions shall anpe.il

ft (Tior. > for t!.c Cou.»tv 01 Ahdd! > \

foiw arch General 01

utfaid lo rnr !uiti.r*. of the \ :ace at the (3

or Quart*! - Cerduxaru.

the Perfuii or . \:!o.;s -/pealing li ail, Fouilecn Days at leilb r>3-

^.iartci-fciil vr.s, give Notice, in \\ the TrcaTiutxox. Ticafurvis lor :he

Tiuio.

