594

In what Manner

House*, &c. may

¥e perchafcd.

Commissioneri

may let or fell

any overplus

Ground, &c.

' Application of

that Monty.

Power* of this

Not to extend to

Xiiates belonging

to the Charter-

hause, without

Consent of the

Governors*

\

Comm’ncement

of Rates.

C. 68. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, or from any Feme

or Femes Covert, shall be paid to such Persons as they shall respectively nominate to receive the same, in

Trust, with all convenient Speed, to be re-invested in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to and upon, and subject to the like

Uses, Trusts, Limitations, Remainders. and Contingencies, as the Houses, Edifices, Lands, Tene-

ments, and Hereditaments, which shall be purchased from them respectively, by the said Commission-

ers, in Manner aforesaid, were respectively settled, limited, or assured, at the l ime of such Purchase,

or so many thereof as, at the Time of making such Conveyances and Settlements, shall be existing, and

capable of taking Effect.

XCI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if any

Person or Persons Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall be applied to, by or on Be-

half of the said Commissioners, to treat for, fell, dispose of, or convey, for any of the Purposes afore-

said, any Part or Parts of any House, Warehouse, Yard, or Ground, ui the actual Occupation of One-

Tenant, or of several joint Tenants; and the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate,

or Collegiate, shall, by Notice in Writing, to be left with the Clerk of the said Commissioners, within*

Twenty-one Days next after such Application, signify his, her, or their Inclination or Desire to treat

for, fell, dispose of, and convey the Whole of such House, Warehouse, Yard, or Ground; then, and in-

every such Cafe, the Whole of every such House, Warehouse, Yard, or Ground, shall be deemed,

taken, and held, to be necessary to be purchased for effecting the Purposes of this Act; And if it shall

happen that the said Commissioners shall not think proper, or be willing to purchase the Whole of such

House, Warehouse, Yard, or Ground; then, and in every such Cafe, nothing ip this Act contained (hall-

extend, or be construed to extend, to compel the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof,

to treat for, fell, dispose of, or convey any Part of such House, Warehouse, Yard, or Ground; any

Thing herein-before contained to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

4 XCII. And whereas by reason of the Purchases which the said Com mi (boners are hereby im powered

to make by virtue of this Act, they may happen to be possessed of some Piece or Pieces of Ground, over

( and above what may be made use of for the widening, enlarging, and improving of the said Lane or

4 Way \9 but it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said

Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to let, (ell, or dispose of any such Piece or Pieces of

Ground, either together or in Parcels, in such Manner as they shall find mod advantageous and conve-

nient, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract, agree for, or purchase the fame, giving.

Preference to the Person or Persons of whom the lame shall have been purchased; and it shall and may

be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to design, assign and lay outK

in what Manner any new Houses or Edifices shall be erected or built upon any such Piece or Pieces of

Ground which they shall be possessed of as aforesaid, over and above what may be necessary for widening

enlarging, and improving the said Lane or Way.

XCIII. Provided always. That the Monies to arise by Sale of such Piece or Pieces of Ground, shall

be applied for the Purpose of widening, enlarging, and improving, the said Lane or Way, and to or for

no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XCIV. Provided always. That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall noway extend to im-

power the said Commissioners to purchase or take down the Gate and Gatehouse (landing at the East

End of Charter-house Lane aforesaid, or any Part thereof, or to purchase any other Messuage, Tene-

ment, or Ground belonging to the Hospital of King James^ founded in Charter-house within the Coun-

ty of Middlesex, at the humble Petition and only Colts and Charges of Thomas Sutton Esquire, without

the Consent of the Governors of the said Hospital first had and obtained in Writing under their com-

mon Seal for that Purpose, or to charge the said Hospital, or any Meffu lges, Lands, Tenements, or He-

reditaments, now in Occupation of any of the Officers or Servants belonging to the said Hospital, or

the Persons occupying the fame, with the Payment of any of the Rates to be raised by Authority of

this Act.

XCV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this

Act, the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, (nail, and are hereby impowered and re-

quired, once in every Year, or oftener, if they think proper, to make and sign two distinct Rates to be

raised by an equal Pound Rate, according to the annual Rent or annual Value upon all and every Per-

son or Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, use, occupy, possess, or enjoy, any Land, Ground, House,

Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, in any

of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, within the Linwts

aforesaid; that is to say. One Rate for defraying the Expences of paving, repairing, cleansing, drain-

ing, watching, and lighting the several Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, and other open

Places and Passages within the Limits aforesaid, and removing all or any Annoyances and Obstructions

therein, not exceeding, in any one Year, Two Shillings and Sixpence in the Pound; and One other

Rate for the Purpose of widening, enlarging, and improving of the said Lane or Way called Charter-

hotfe Laney not exceeding Sixpence in the Pound, the Accounts of which said several Rates, and of the

Payments of the Interest of the Monies which shall be borrowed, and Annuities granted on such Rates

respectively, shall be kept separate and distinct from each other.

XCVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said first Rate or Rates

shall commence from the said Second Tufday after the passing of this Act; and every such future Rate

or Rates shall commence from the Time that the last proceeding Rates ended, and not otherwise, and

the

C.oooole

