A.D. 1772.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

C. 25. 403

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority iforesaid, That any Person who shall commit any of Personoffendii*

the Offences before mentioned, in any Place out of this Realm, may be indicted and tried for the fame, °ut of thi*

either in any Shire or County within this Realm, in like Manner and Form, as if such Offence had-*e^™’nmaa;L e

been committed within the said Shire or County, or in such Island, Country, or Place, where such shire, &c. Jith-

Offence shall have been actually commited, as His Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors, may deem moil in the realm,

expedient for bringing such Offender to Justice; any Law, Usage, or Custom notwithstanding*

CAP. XXV.

An Act for the more effectual vesting in the Royal Hospital at Greenwich the forfeited and

unclaimed Shares of Naval Officers, Seamen, and Marines, in Prizes taken from the Ene-

my •, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

c TI WHEREAS, previous to, and during the Course of, the late Wars against France and Stain ^ Preamble.

4 \ V divers Ships and Vessels were taken from the Enemy by several of His Majesty’s Ships of War,

4 and Fort Lewis at Senegal^ the Iiland of Goree, the Idands of Martinicos Guadehpe, and several other

4 of the Leeward Idands, the Towns of Pondicherry and Karricaly and divers other Settlements on the

4 Co.tft of Coromandel, the Fortrcffcs of Chanelenagorey Budgia 7annay and Hughley, in or near the Pro-

4 vince of Bnigaly and the Fortress of Geriahy the Town of Havanna^ and sundry Ships of War in the

1 Harbou- thereof, the City, Town, and Fort of AIanillay and divers other Forts, Settlements, and

4 Places of or belonging to or under the Dominion of the Crowns of Prance and Spainy or their Allies,

4 were reduced and taken by the conjunct Force of His Majesty’s Navy and Army; and large Quan-

4 titics of Money, Goods, Wares, and Merchandises, were taken and seized, as Booty or Plunder, by

4 such conjunft Force; and divers Sums of Money were paid, or given or agreed to be pud, by way of

4 Ranfoin, to the Officers, Soldiers, and Sailors, who had conjunctively taken and seized sundry Goods,

4 Wares, and Merchandises, a9 Booty or Plunder; and also for the Ransom of sundry Forts, Places,

4 Settlements, and Islands, so reduced and taken by such conjunft Force as aforesaid; and also divers

4 Sums of Money were given by certain foreign Princes, in Alliance with the Crown of Great Britain,

4 and of the trading Companies thereunto belonging, and subject, by way of Donation to, and to be

4 distributed among, such Officers, Soldiers, and Sailors, as had affided such foreign Princes, in Rccom-

4 pence for their good Service and Assistance: And whereas certain Acts were made in the Twenty- and 33

4 ninth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, and in the Second Year of the Reign Gw. II. and Act

4 of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectually man- 1 co*

4 ning His Majesty’s Navy ; and for the more effectual securing the Payment of such Prize and Bounty

4 Money as were thereby appropriated to the Use of Greenwich Hospital: And whereas Doubts have

4 arisen whether the Ships and Vessels so taken, previous to the Commencement of the late War, and

4 the Booty or Plunder 10 taken on Shore by such conjunft Force, and the said Ships so taken in the

4 Harbour of Havannay and such Ransom, and also such Donations as aforesaid, can be considered as

4 subject to such Distribution as in the said Acts are mentioned; and whether such Shares thereof, as

4 have been forfeited and unclaimed by the Officers and Seamen serving on board His Majesty’s Navy,

4 do belong to the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, tn the County of Kent; and whether fucU

4 Shares ought to be paid by the several Agents, or other Persons in whose Hands the said forfeited and

4 unclaimed Shares do now remain to the Treasurer of the said Hospital, for the Use thereof: For Re-

4 medy whereof, and to obviate all Doubts and Difficulties which have arisen, or may arise, concerning

4 the said forfeited and unclaimed Shares, may it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted;’ and be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi- (

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the Ajj $unjf tn-f.

fame. That all and every Sum and Sums of Money, arising by Sale of any Ship or Veftel taken from in? by saic of

the Enemy, previous to the Commencement of the late War, and now remaining unpaid to the Cnp- ship#, ,sc.

tors thereof, and all and every ihe Booty Money, Goods, Wares, and Merchandises, which were so taken irrvieut

taken by such conjunft Force, on Shore, and the Money paid, or agreed to be paid, for the Ransom oft0 the Corn*

any Ship, Town, Fort, Place, Settlement, or Island, so reduced and taken by such conjunft Force, or r

of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandises found therein ; and all and every Ship and Ships taken by, or n-.e.-u onnai/rc-

surrendered by virtue of any Capitulation, or otherwise, to such conjunft Force, and also all such Mo- m, h irhy

nics as have been given by way of Donation as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be included in rccnxd r0 be

the said Acts, and to be subject to such and the fame Mode of Distribution, Management, and Appli- J-”cjuA^ '?

cation, as any other Ships, Vessels, Goods, and Merchandises, were, pursuant to the said Acts, liable to, rui,;emothe

or ought to be subject, but not so as to impeach, affect, or disturb any Mode of Distribution, which irVV,r ot

may have been already adopted, or any Payments which have been actually and bona fde made agree- 1 buti#n >n*

able thereto. ^ Amotion.

II. Provided always nevertheless. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to c ur* orA.'mi-

exrcnd, so as to make it necessary to have nny Capture on Shore, condemned as lawful Prize in any

Court of Admiralty, or to give any Court of Admiralty any greater or other Power or Jurisdiction, than

what such Court would be intitled to, in case this Act had not been made. ;

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

Agent and Agents, (G/ho, at the Time of passing this Act, shall be

iutoi and appointed for the Receipt and Distribution of the Booty and Plunder, found in the Foard*

3F 2 o\

Ail Ap

nil and every Person and Perfl ns, ug

be residing in eat Britain) ron»i-

