A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 24. .153

fend ants shall have Treble Costs; and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame, a3 any Defendant Trtble Cost*.

or Defendants may have for h s, her, or their Costs, in any other Cafes by Law.

LXX VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be taken and allowed in Public A a.

all Courts of Justice as a Public Act; and all Judges, Tuftices, and others, are hereby required to take No-

tice thereof as such, without the fame being specially pleaded.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for licensing an additional Number of Hackney Coaches, and applying the Monies

arising thereby.

AI ft Gracious Sovereign,

* \\7 HEREAS it is found convenient that a greater Number of Hackney Coaches than are allowed Preamble.

* \V by an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, in-A09Annar.

4 tituled, An A Si for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs ; and for charging certain new Duties

4 on Si amp t I'ellum, Parchment, and Paper ; and on Cards and Dice ; and on the Exportation of Rock Salt for

4 Ireland; and for securing thereby and by a weekly Payment out of the Post Office, and by several Duties on

4 Hides and Skins, a yearly Fund of one hundred eighty fix thoufanafix hundred and seventy Pounds, for thirty -

4 two tears, to be applied to the Satisfaction of such Orders as are therein mentioned, to the Contributors of any

4 Sum not exceeding two Millions, to be raif dfor carrying on the War, and other her Majestys Occaftons ; should

4 be liccnlcd to be employed within the Cities of London and Westminster, and within the weekly Bills of

4 MortalityMay it-therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempo-

the Hands and Seals of the major Part of them, over and above the Number of eight hundred Hackney ber of Hackney"

Coaches, authorised to be licensed by the fa id Act, to license, in like Manner, at any Time or Times, Coaches,

from and after the passing of this Act, any additional Number of Hackney Coaches, not exceeding twoe,cccd,rK*0-»f*

hundred, to be employed for Hire within the Cities and Limits aforesaid, so that the Number of alT the

laid Hackney Coaches licensed, or to be licensed, by virtue of the said former and this present Act* <ihali ciiLrano'Vi.6

not at any one Time exceed one thousand ; and that, upon every one of the said Licences, to be granted bciti«of Lon-

in pursuance of this Act, there shall be reserved and made payable unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Sue- don and Wdt-

ccflbrs, the like weekly Sum of five Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid from the Com- minster»

mcncement of every such Licence, during the Continuance thereof reflectively, in like Manner, and with £ pe^vaW

like Penalties, Covenants, Conditions, and Provifocs, therein to be inserted for the more effectual Pay- tjJcom-

ment thereof, as in other Licences granted in pursuance of the before-mentioned Act; and that the fame menccment of

Hackney Coaches, and the Persons to be licensed to drive or keep the fame, shall, in respect thereof, have such Licence,

the fame Rates and Benefits, and be subject and liable to all the fame Orders, Rules, Regulations, Bye-

laws, Penalties, Matters, and Things, as are or were lawfully prescribed in relation to any Persons licensed

to keep or drive Hackney Coaches; and the Renters of such Licences, and Drivers of such Coaches,

before the making of this present Act: And that all Persons who shall presume to drive or let to Hire by the Drivers of

Hour or Day, or otherwise, any Hackney Coach or Coach Horses, or to carry any Person or Persons for Coaches, with-

H'rc in any’Hackney Coach, within the Cities of London and IPefln drifter, or the Suburbs of the fame, or°ut Licence,

within any of the Parishes or Places comprised within the weekly Bills of Mortality, without such Leave or forn,c?

Licence as aforesaid, shall be liable to all such Forfeitures and Penalties as he, (he, or they would have in- cn l‘cs*

curred for so doing, if this Act had not been made.

II. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies to arise by Mome«atlfng

Rents of the said additional Number of Hackney Coaches, to be licensed in pursuance of this Act, shall by the additional

be luhject and applicable to the like Uses and rurposes, and under the like Penalties, as the other Rents £?urr£er of

up »n Hackney Coaches are applicable and appropriated by Parliament. P;ted formed

111 Provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Monies tORcnt,were

a rift- by Rents of Hackney Coaches, it shall and may be lawful to and for any three or more of the Com- appropriated,

missioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the time being, to reward the said Commissioners for Commiijionen

l*renfing and regulating Hackney Coaches, and the Clerks, Officers, and others that shall and may be cm- °o defr.f^x^*

ployed by and under them, for their Labour and Pains, and to discharge such incident Exnences as shall ne- p°n/,r}or ijl

ccffurily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as any three or more of the said Commissioners cenfin* and

of riie Freafury, or the High Treasurer for the time being, shall, from time to time, think fit and rea foil-other lncidmtj,

.ibF m th.;t Behalf; any 'riling in this Act, or any other Law, Statute, or Ufge, to the contrary not-

v\i’!n! in ling.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced Perform furj may

ryaiidt any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defen- the Gc-

dm' ', in any such Action or Suit, may plead the General Iffuc, and give this Act and the Special Matter ncrai

in Evi Jcncc, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Au-

thority of this Art ; and if it shall appeal so to have been done, a Verdict shall be recorded for the

L\ fin T.;nt or Defendants : And if the Plaintiff' shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action,

i,". r the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Vcr-

V .n. XL X diCt

