A.D. 177T. Anno undecimo Georgii III.

0:4.5. 271

applied and difoofeJ of as the kid Rates, Tolls, and Duties, are by this Act directed to be applied and dif*

polM of, am 1 to n > other Ute or Puipoie whatlocver.

XLIII. Provi ed always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That such Sum and Sums of Proviso,

Money as shall be raiLd by Annuities, in Manner herein mentioned, and applied to the Discharg» of the

Money so borrowed upon the C edit of the said Tolls, and the Inteiuft for the lame, shall not be deemed

or taken to be. any Par t of the fa id fifty thousand Pounds.

4 XLIV. AnJ, f >r the better ascertaining and regulating the Payment of the said Annuities/ Be it fur- Annuities how*

thir% ucted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commuiioners, or any eleven or more of them, shall, to be paid,

by V. ^rrains under their Hands and Seals (directed to such Pci son or Persons as shall be ch )fen and ap-

pointed Trcaiuieror Treasurers in Manner herein before mentioned), order and direct, from time to time,

the several Qu.uic ly Payments of the said Annuities to the rclpecdive Proprietors, as the fame fluli become

due ; which laid Treaturer or Treasurers is and arc hereby required, upon Receipt of such Warrant or

Warrant, forthwith to pay rhe fame out of the iiift Monies which shall be in his or llvir Hand*, in pur-

fjance of this Act i which Warrants shall be allowed in account to him or them on making up ins or tfnir

Accounts.

XLV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and Entries tobtf-

kept a Book or Books, in which shall be fairly written, in Woids at Length, ihe Names and Surnames, kept,

with the proper Additions and Places of Abode of all such Persons who shall be Puichaieis or any of the

Annuities atorclaid, and of all Pei Ions by whole I Ian Is the said Puichallrs Hull pay in any Sum or Sums

of Money upm the Credit of this Act, and also the Sum and Sums so paid lor the Purchase of such An-

ruiy or Annuities, and the respective D tys of Payment thereof; and al o an Account of the Intent it that

fii: 1 be piid to the said Annuitant or Annuitants, from time to time, and by whom received, to which

Book and Books it shall be lawful lor the said respeAii*.e Purchulers, their Lxccutois, Adminiltiators, and

Aligns, Agent or Agents, from time to time, and at all fcalonubie times, to have Recourle to/ and inspect

the fame, without Fee or Reward.

XLV I. Ann be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every of the Annuities so to Annoitlfs not'

be purchased under and by virtue of this Act, shall be, and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and lut jcc* to Land-*

payable, from time to time, out of the Monies arihng by virtue ol this Act ; and all and every the Con- ta* or oihcr ’

trmjtorand Contributors upon the Credit of this Act, duly paying the Confederation or Pwchafe-money T-x*

Cr any Inch Annuities as aforesaid, or such Per Ion or Persons as he, lhe, or they shall appoint, his, her,

or tnur respective Assigns, Hull have, receive, and enjoy, and be intitled, by virtue of this Act, to have,

receive, aiiJ enjoy (he said relpeSt.ve Annuity or Annuities, during the 'Perm of the natural Life of the

Person to be nominated by each such Purchaser or Contributor as above mentioned ; and that all and every

such Purchaser and Purchasers, and then Assigns respectively, shall have good, lure, abfdure, indcfeafible

penonai Kflaies, ami intcrefls in the Annuities so by them respeciivclv purchased, according to the Tenor

and true Meaning of this Act; and that none of the said Annuities lh ill be 1 object and liab.e to the Tax

charged upon Lands by Authority of Parliament, or to any other Parliamentary or Parochial Tax what*

fewer.

XL\rII. And be it further enailed by the Authority aforesaid, That every Contributor upon this Act for Rrf.;rtstobe

the Purchase of any such Annuity or Annuities as afoielaid, his, her, or their Abigns upon Payment of given#

the Conti Jeration or Purchase-m uvy lor the fame, or any Part or Proportion thereof, shall have one or

more Receipt or Receipts from the Person or Persons receiving the fame, importing the Receipt of so much

Parch ale-money shall be lo paid; and upon Payment of the Remainder of such Pure hale-money, if any,

every such Contributor, his or her Atligns respectively, shall have an Order on Parchment or Vellum for

Pa>ro ?nt of the said Annuity or Annuities, for and during the Life of such Per ton as shall be nominated by

fu n Contributor or Purchalcr as aforesaid ; which Order shall be signed by the said Commiiuoncis, or any

eleven or more of them, at any Quarterly or Ordinary Meeting assembled ; and alter ligning thereof, tiic

fame lLall be firm, good, valiJ, and effectual in the Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning

the't of, and of this Act.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Alignment and Alignments so to be made AtTgr.mpnfs so

anu grant.d by the said Commissioners, as aforesaid, shall he entered at Length in a ]v>ck or Books to be !v mrered in

k~p: lor that Purpose by the said Clerk or Clerks, Trcifurer or Treasurers to the said Coinmidioners; BooIc*

ur.ah (..id Book or Books Hull and may be seen and perused by any Person or Per suns intcielicJ or concerned

the * in, without Fee or Reward.

XLIX. And be it further enacted. That all and every Person or Persons to whom any such Afcgmnent Airgnmenti

or Alignments shall be made by the said Commissioners, their Kxecutors, Administrators or Aligns, fh.di m..y trans-

anJ may, fiom time to time, by proper Words of Alignment to be indoifcd on the Lack of a s, Iv r, 01 lured,

their Security or Securities, or otherwise, allign or transfer his, her, or their Rig it to the PnncipJ and

lr/c'eA Money thereby secured, or any Part thereof, to any other Person or Persons whomfnever; uhkh

fa.U i ranker or Alignment shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk or Cle ks, Ike funr or Tica-

fuicr* appointed, or to be appointed, by the said Commissioners, or any seven 01 m >re of thun, within

fourteen Days after the Date thereof, who (lull cause an Kntry or Memorial to be nunc of such . idignment

or Fraiuftr, containing the Date, i>arties, and Sum of Money therein mentioned to be traiisflned in the

said Book or Book* to be kept for entering the said original Alignments, for which the said Clerk or

Clerks, Treasureror Treasurers shall be paid the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and

after lu h Lntry made, such Ailignment or Transfer shall intitle such Assignee, his, her, and their Exe-

c >»o;> and Administrators, to the Benefit thereof and Payment theicon, and such Assignce may, in like

Manner, assign again, and so toties quotia 5 and after such Notification it shall not be in the Power of such

Person

