A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 53* 295

or three of them at the lead, shall sign and transmit, with such Observations thereon as they {ball judge to be ji Rere'p’s and

ncceiiiry, to the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the time being; and it shall Difbuzfements.

and may be lawful for such Receiver-general, for his Trouble and Exnence in the Execution of this Act, Receiver-pene.

and for providing a Person to inspect and superintend the said Ports and Harbours, to charge in his Accounts, ral to b- allowed

and the said Receiver-general (hill be allowed thereupon any Sum not exceeding the Sum of thirty Pounds annujlb n#t cx-

in any one Year, out of the several Sums so levied and collected as aforesaid. cctding 301.

XU. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid Commissioners, the said All officer*, &c.

Receiver-general, and all other Officers whatsoever, employed by virtue of this Act, in collecting, receiv- ^J*^* *"

ing, ordilbuiling any Sum or Sums of Money, for the repairing or maintaining the said Harbours, or in f^mJddHng'

inpermtending or surveying. the fame, shall respectively take an Oath previous to their intermeddling with with their Offi-

a:iy such Oilice or Employment, for the due and faithful Execution and Discharge thereof, according to cc*.

tiic Powers vested in them by virtue of this Act, before any one or more of the Deemfters, or Civil Ma-

f :ilrates of the said llUnd, who is and are hereby authorised and required to administer the fame without

^ or Reward,

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sums of Money which shall All Sum* to be

be piid, incurred, or recovered, in pursuance of this Act, shall be deemed and are hereby declared to be p-iid, incurred,

Sterling Money of Great Britain, and shall be paid, collected, and recovered, to the Amount of the Value or ,ecoJf.'*rc‘J*to

which such nominal Sums bear in Great Britain. * tcr ing

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Actions, Suits, or Informations,

which shall or may be b;ought or commenced, for the Recovery of any Forfeitures and Penalties incurred c>mmenc-d ior

by virtue of this prdent Act, or for any other Matter 01 Thing relating to the Execution thereof, shall be Recovery of Pe-

brought, prosecuted, tried, heard, and determined in the Court of his Majesty’s Water Bailiff of the said naitinwbeiriei

ifl.md, according to the accustomed Course of that Court; and in case either of the Parties conceive them- by ih«^ Water

Icives to be aggrieved, it shall and may be lawiuLfor such.Person to appeal in the usual Manner to the Court 1

of Chancery of the said Bland. -

cap. liii:

An Act for widening the Highways in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.'

*' T X 7 HEREAS by an Act of the Parliament of Scotlandy passed in the Year one thousand six hundred Preamble*

* V V and sixty-nine, and intituled, rftl for repairing Highways and Bridges, it is enacted. That the

4 said Highways shall be twenty Feet of Measure broad at least, or. broader, if the fame have been so of be-

• fore: And whereas by the Law of Scotland, the making, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the High-

4 ways. Roads, and Bridges, within that Part of the united Kingdom, are put under the Direction and

4 Management of the Justices of the Peace, and Commissioners of Supply, within the several Shires and

4 Stcwartrics respectively, (except in such Cafes where Turnpike Roads have, under the Authority of Spe-

4 cial Acts of Parliament, been made, and Tolls granted therefore) and the fame by such Acts put under

4 the Management and Direction of certain Justices or Commissioners by these Acts named and appointed :

4 And whereas many Inconveniences and frequent Obstructions to the free Passage of the public and most

4 frequented Highways and Roads have beervoccafioned by the Narrowness of these Highways and Roads:

4 And whereas it would be of great Public Benefit to that Part of the united Kingdom, that the Justices of

4 Peace, and Commissioners of Supply, in each Shire and Stewarrry respectively, and the Trustees and

4 Commissioners of Turnpike Roads* established by special Acts of Parliament, were impowered to widen

4 and extend the Highways and Roads under their relspective Managements, wherever they saw necessary

4 Occasion for so doing May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by Justices, »nd

the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Fern-

poraR and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That sh^s*and

the Justices of Peace* and Commissioners of Supply* for the respective Shires and Stewartricsr and the $tewai?rjCSf

CommlTioners and Trustees of Turnpike Roads, cllablished by special Acts of Parliament, within that to mike, repair,

Part of Great Britain called Scotland^ shall have Power, and they arc hereby authorised and impowered to clear, widen.and

make, repair, clear, widen, and extend, and to keep in good Repair, after being so cleared, widened,

tnd extended, the several Highways and Roads, under their Management and Direction respectively, so

as the tame shall be in all Places full twenty Feet Width of clear pailable Road, exclusive of the Bank and *huh »rr\o

Ditch on each Side of such Highway or Road respectively. i^FeetinWidih.

4 II. And whereas it will be of great public Utility, that the said Highways and Roads were, in particular jun;ce*, &c. to

4 Places, llill further widened and enlarged ;* Be it also enacted. That the said Justices of Peace, and Com- <rdrr the Road*

vri.floncrsof Supply, or the said Trullees, or Commissioners for Turnpike Roads established by special Acts <0 be farther ca-

of Parliament, or the Majority of them, in a General Meeting for that Purpose act’embled, may order and

direct the Highways ami Roads aforesaid to be (till farther widened and enlarged, in such Places, and for

such Di'tances as th-y judge to be for public Benefit.

III. Provided always, 2nd be it further enacted. That the Breadth of the Highways and Roads so to be Breadth of the

widened and enlargf-d shall not, at any Place, exceed thirty Feet, excluflvc of the Bank and Ditch on each Road» to b*

5 de, and that full Satisfaction, to be ascertained in Manner herein-afrcr provided for, shall be made to the j*cr‘cd *ud en*

Owners and Lcflces of the* L inds, for so much Ground as shall be taken for the Widening and Enlarge- e^cdTo F°ict

merit of the f.iid Highways ar d Roads, over and above, and in Addition to the present Breadth, or the xccc 3 1 9 '

twenty beet Width ol Ground, allowed by the Laws now in being for the Breadth of every Highway and

Road.

5 . IV. And

