534

Limitation! cf

Actions.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

Publick Act.

C. 55. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com-

menced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter

or Thing herein contained, such Act or Suit shall be commenced within the Space of Six Months next

after the Fast committed, and not afterwards ; and shall be laid in the County or Place where the

Cause of Action shall arise ; and such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General I flue, and

give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial thereupon, for his and their De-

fence ; and if upon such Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or

Plaintiff* shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit, or if Judgment be given

for the Defendant or Defendants upon Demurer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall

hive Treble Costs to him or them awarded against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and allowed

to be a Publick Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons,

without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LV.

An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses, in relation to the Trade carried on between

Great Britain and Ireland.

Preamble. c. IT? HERE AS by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King

Act 12 Car. II. 4 VV Charles the Second, (intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Naviga-

4 tion) no'Goods or Commodities, the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Africa, Asia, or Ame-

4 rici7, can be imported into this Kingdom from any other Place or Places, Country or Countries, but

* only from those of the said Growth, Production, or Manufacture, or from those Ports where such

4 Goods can only, or are, or have usually been first shipped for Transportation : And whereas, not-

4 withstandin" the said recited Act, Rum, Sugar, Cost'ee, and other American and Asiatic Goods have

4 been entered outwards for Exportation in the Kingdom of Ireland, to be imported into Great Britain,

4 and have been clandestinely and illegally landed in this Kingdom, contrary to the said recited Act,

4 to the great Prejudice of the Revenue of Custotns, and the Detriment of the fair Trader : For Re-

4 xnedy whereof, may it therefore please Your Majesty that It may be enacted and be it enacted by

/he King’s jnoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and!

After July 5, Temporal, and Commons iri this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

1772, no Ruin, Xhat, from and after the Fifth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, no Rum,

hibfted froni^" Sugar, Coffee, or any other Goods whatsoever, which are prohibited to be imported from Ireland into

Ireland to Bri- Great Britain, or which are liable to Forfeiture upon being so imported, by any Act or Acts of Par-

tain byformer liament made in this Kingdom, shall be exported or entered for Exportation from Ireland to Great

Acts, shall be Britain ; nor shall any Cocket or Clearance be granted in Ireland for the Exportation of such Goods

exported. to Qrcat Britain, any Custom or Usage to the Contrary notwithstanding.

Merchants en- II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Merchant, or other

terinR Goods for person, shall enter any such Goods for Exportation to any foreign Ports, or other Place whatsoever,

forcig^Port»to an(* Goods shall, nevertheless, be carried to Great Britain, and landed there, contrary to the true

agdlandingrhemIntent and Meaning of this Act; that then, and in every such Cafe, the Drawback paid, or to be paid,

in Britain, shall fgr the fame shall be forfeited ; and the Exporter of such Goods, and the Master of the Ship or Vessel

forfeitthcDnw-on Board which the fame were loaden and exported, and every Person concerned or assisting in the Ex-

jLac,4 i portation or Landing of the said Goods, whether any Drawback has been or is to be paid for the fame

vvirh^h/" of nor, shall forfeit Treble the Value of the said Goods, and the Ship or Vessel, on Board which

Ship and Ap. such Goods were laden and exported, with all her Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, shall also he for-

parel. feited ; and shall and may be seized and prosecuted by any Officer of the Customs in Great Britain

Forfeitures re- or Ireland: And the several Penalties and Forfeitures herein-before mentioned shall and may be sued

LtwoftLbRe-y ^or and recovered in such and the like Manner as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law of the Revenue

vaiue. * may be sued for and recovered in the Kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland respectively ; One Moiety

of which Penalties and Forfeitures, (after deducting the Charges of Prosecution), shall be to the Use

of his Majesty, His Heirs and Succcfibrs, and the other Moiety to such Officer of the Customs as

dial 1 fuc and prosecute fo/ the fame.

TbcFxportefy HI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Fifth

*«. toohtami Day of July. One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, the Exporter or Person having the Direc-

fw cat upon the t?on c'( the Voyage, and the Master or Person having the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel on

Dcbentuie, &c. Board which any Goods shall be entered for Exportation to foreign Parts, in order to obtain a Draw-

back thereon, shall swear upon the Debenture that the said Goods are really and bona fide intended to

be exported to the Port or Place mentioned in the Entry, and to no other1; and that no Part thereof

ii iclanJcd, or intended to be relanded in any Part of Ireland\ or in Great Britain, or the IfJe of Man,

or the IfLnds of Faro, or Ferro; nor to be transhipped or put on Board any Ship or Vessel, unless in

case si real Distress, to save the said Goods from perilling.

Ko Drawback • * ]V. And, for the better preventing Frauds in relanding in Ireland any Goods which arc intitled to

to t* allowed, c a Drawback or Bounty on Exportation from thence to this Kingdom,* be it further enacted by the

*0hucch by* Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Fifth Day ofJuly, One thousand seven hundred and fe-

thcCelleflor, * VCnty-

