90 C. 55.

Anno decirno tertio Georgii HI. A.D. 1773.

After 14 June

1773, no Per-

iod wilful If to

kill, &c. Black

Dec. 10. and

Aug. 20.

nor Red Game

between Dec.

lO.^nd Aug 12,

CAP. LV.

An Act to explain and amend the several Laws now in being, so far as the fame relate to-

the Preservation of the Moor or Hill Game.

P roemble. 4 T T J HEREAS the Laws now in being, relative to the Preservation of the Moor or Hill Game.

have been found very inefficient to answer the Purpose for which they were intended: Artd

4 whereas some further Regulations are become absolutely necessary to prevent the total Destruction of

( that Species of Game:’ May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted

by the king’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con fen t of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

Dw?Vo. andCCn That, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand (even hundred and

Seventy-three, no Person or Persons shall, upon any Pretence whatsoever, wilfully take, kill, destroy*

carry, fell, buy, or have, in his, her, or their Possession or Use, any Heath Fowl, commonly called

Black Gamey between the Tenth Day of December and the Twentieth Day of Augufly in any Year j nor

R . . any Grouse, commonly called Red Game, between the Tenth Day of December and the Twelfth Day

between MarcV of August, in any Year i nor any Bustard, between the First Day of March and the First Day of Sep-

1. and Sept. 1. tender, in any Year.

Penalty on Per- 11. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fourtlr

ions offending Day of Juner if any Person or Persons shall, in any of the Cafes aforesaid, offend, contrary to the true

contrary to chit Intent and Meaning of this A&, every such Person shall, upon due Conviction, for the First Offence,.

forfeit and pay any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds k

and for the Second and every subsequent Offence, any Sum or Sums of Mbtiey nqfr-exceeding Thirty

Pounds, nor less than Twenty Pounds 3 to be levied and recovered in Manifer as herein is alter men*

tioned. -

Forfeitures and III. And be it further enacted, That all such Forfeitures and Penalties, so to be incurred as afore-

Penalties may b« said9 shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Ma-

Cour^of JRecord Courts of Record at Westminster* or Great Sessions in Wales, wherein no Essoin, Protection, nor

at WestmUfterj Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed: Provided such Action be brought

’ within Six Calendar Months after the Matter or Thing done, for which the fame shall be commenced

or exhibited.

Ac4 byw0r* IV, And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person whatsoever, (except

^Muftioes of ttie Person liable to,pay any such Forfeitures or Penalties) to proceed to recover any of the aforesaid

any County, &c. Forfeitures and Penalties, by Information and Conviction, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace

* of any County, City, Corporation, Division, Riding, Precin&, or Liberty, wherein the Offence

shall happen; and such Justice or Tuftices are hereby authorised and impowered, upon due Proof made

upon Oath by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the Confefliori of the Party accused,

who may grant to cause the said Forfeiture to be forthwith paid; and, in case of Neglect or Refusal, to levy the same

h*r<w kLltvy Di ft refs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under his or their Hand and

Seal, or Hands and Seals, together with all Costs and Charges attending the fame, returning the Over-

plus, if any, to the Owners and every such Forfeiture, when paid or recovered, shall be applied,.

One Moiety tathe Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall

have been committed; and it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices toorder such Offender

to be detained in fa ft Custody until Return may be conveniently had and made to such Warrant of

Distress, unless the Party so convf&ed shall give sufficient Security., to the Satisfaction of such Justice

or Justices, for his Appearance before him or them, on the Day appointed for the Return of the War-

rant of Distress, such Day not exceeding Five Days from the Time of taking such Securityj which

Security the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered to take by way of Recognizance, or

otherwise: And in case no sufficient Distress can be had, such Jjustice or Justices shall commit such

Offender to the common Gaol, or House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time

not exceeding Six, nor less than Three, Calendar Months, unless the Money forfeited, and all Coffo

and Charges attending the Prosecution, shall be sooner paid and discharged-.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Offender against the Provisions of this A&

shall be prosecuted for the fame Offence both by Action of Law and by Information before a Justice of

the Peace 3 but, in case of any Second Prosecution, the Person so douoly prosecuted may plead, in his

Defence, the former Prosecution pending, or the Conviction or Judgement thereupon had.

VI. And, for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against this A&, be it further enacted, That

the Form of the Conviction mail be drawn up in the following, or like Form of Words;

the fame fry

IhArei*.

No Person to he

doubly prose-

cuted.

Form of Con-

viction.

J^E it remembered, That on the Day of

A. B. having appeared before me, or us,

in the Year of our Lord

One or more of his Ala} fly's Justices of

the Peace (as the Cafe may be) for the County of and due Proof having been madey upon

Outb, by One or more credible Witness or IVitnejfes, or by Confcjfim of the Party (as the Cafe may be)* is

convicted of (specifying the Offence, with the Time and Place where the fame was committed, and also

specitying, if known, that it is the First, Second, 01 any subsequent Offence against this A&, as-the

Cafe shall be). Given wider my Hand and Seal, or our Hands and Seals, the Day and Year af&vefaiS.

Which

^.ooooie

