The TITLES of

9v An A^ft for Shle of^heffcftkcLBftftte of Henry Spelman

Clerk, in the' County of'Norfolk, and for other Pur-

poses therein-mentioned.

96. AnVVdt for Sale of certain1 Gharity Estates ‘therein-

mentioned, and to apply‘the’Money to arise therefrom,

in the building'of a "Town-hall and Shambles in the

Town of Newark up$nJTrent\-and in the purchasing

of Lands and Hereditaments for enlarging'the Church-

yard of the said T own, and for opening the Avenues

thereto; and for laying out the Residue of the Money

in purchasing other Lands,' to be settled to the Chari-

table Ules therein-mentioned. 1

97. An Act for efhblishing and rendering effectual certain

Articles of Agreement, enabling the Several Fee Farm

and customary Tenants,-within the Honour, Manor,

and Lordship of Hornby, and Manor of Tatham, in^the

County Palatine of Lancaster,^to purchase the’Timber

Trees and Unfkovoods growing upon their respcdlivfe

Tenements; and tof veftipg the ToleProperty thereof in

them, respectively, and extinguishing the cUftoma^y

Light of the other Tenants therein,.and- for releafipgl

and extinguishing the Freehold, Free Farm, and custo-

mary Rents, Boons, Fines, and other Services of’Right

due and accuiiomed for the*Tenements of such of the

laid 'Tenants who have executed* the* said -Articles of

agreement, and of such who 5(ball1 within the Time

limited by this Act come in and pufebafe their’Timber,

Trees, Woods, and Underwoods,'Rents, Boons, Fines,

and Franchifcments, with fuih Exceptions and Reserva*

tions only as are in this Act mentioned.

9S. An Act to impower the Rev trend Ptolemy Humfrey

Clerk, and the Reverend John Jephcot Clerk and Cathe-

Tin a Dqiotbea his Wife; and to exchange a Messuage

a d certain Closes in Thorpe Mandeville, in the County

of Northampton, Part of the Glebe of the Redtory of

Thorpe Mandeville aforesaid, for a Messuage, Two small

Cottages, and several Closes-and Lands in Thorpe'Man-

dec:lle aforesaid, Part of the Estate of Richard Jennings

of Wtjhn, in the County of Northampton, Esquire; and

for the setting out, aligning, and appointing other

' Closes, Lands or Grounds of the said Richard Jennings,

in Thorpe Mandeville aforesaid, in Lieu of Tithes, and

for other Purposes therein-mentioned.

99. An Act for dividing and inclosing’ several Tracts, or

Parcels of Common and Walle Ground called and

known by the respective Names of Temple Sower by Moor,

the Dow ? Moor, the IVhinnes, and Parson’s Close, within

the Parish of Iiirkby Thore, in the County of Wtjlmore~

land.

100. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Parcel of

Common or Walle Land, called Galey Common, lying

within the Manor or Lordship of Galey, in the County

of Stafford.

101. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Township of

Culgaithe, in the County of Cumberland.

102. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the

Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Com-

tr.onable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Stanton

Harcourt, in the County of Oxford.

J03. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons

and Watte Lands within the Manor of Tryful, and Seifdon,

in the Parish of Tryful, in the County of Stafford.

the STATUTE'S,

104. An-AdVfordividing and inclosing certain Qp*n *nd

Common Fields, . Meadows, logs, Moors, Common

t Pastures, and other' Corrimonabie Lands within the

i Manors tof Haltham cun Roughton, in the Townships of

Ha ft ham a Rougi/t on, in the County of Lincoln.

joj. An Act for-dividing and inclosing certain Commons

and Watte Land^, in the several Parishes of Round Act on,

'Morvil Barrow, Much iVcnlock, and Ajiley Abbots, in the

County of Salop.

106. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Parcels

of Fen, and other Commonable Lands, within the

Parish of Swineffcad, in the County of Lincoln; and

also, a certain Plot of* Land, called IVigtft Alarsh, in

and near to the Lid Patitti of Swine (head.

i°7. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Common Fields, anJ Com morjalj[e^ Lands, within the

Manor andPaiifh of Horseington, in ‘the County of

’Lincoln.

t©8. ‘An Afl todiflhlvethe M^triageof Philip Cade Esquire,

with Catharine U bitworth, his now Wife, ani to enable

him to again and for other Purjioies therein-

mentioned.

109. An Act for naturalizing llltliam Fillers, an Infant,

no, An Act for vetting Part of the Estates strictly entailed

determined by the Will of the moll Noble Charles Noel, late Duke

o\ Beaufort, inTmft'.es to be sold, and for applying

the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase or other

'Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of

^'Monmouth, to be settled to the fame Uks.

11,1. Air Act for discharging the Manor of Geeenfcld, and

divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in -the

County of Lincoln, Part of the Estate of Richa' d Karl of

Scarborough, from' the Uses, Estates, and Trulls, declared

concerning the fame, by the Settlement executed previous

to his Marriage with Barbara Countess of Sc arbor'ugh,

his'Wife; and for settling other Lands and Heredita-

ments of greater Value, in Lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

112. An Act for vetting divers Freehold and Leasehold

Estates,. and certain Goods and Chattels, late of Sir

Edward Turner Baronet, deceased, in Sir Gregory Turner

' Baronet, his eldest Son, as a Compensation For, and in

Satisfaction of, his Claims on his said late Father's

' Estate and Effcdls.

113. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of

Charles Bower Addcrlcy Esquire, in the Parishes of Han-

bury and Leigh, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees,

to be sold, for Payment of the Incumbrances affecting

the fame; and for laying out the Residue of the Money

arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and

Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses.

114. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Common Grounds, and Commonable iands, within

the Parish and Liberties of Hookuonon and Southtop, in

the County of Oxford.

115. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Common Fields and Lands, Common Heath and Waste

Grounds, within the Township of JFeJl Willoughby, in

the Manor of Sudbrooke, and Parish of Ancajhr, in the

County of Lincoln.

116. An Act for naturalizing Jacques, atherwife James

Louis, an Infant, under the Age of Eighteen Years.

1

THE

