656. C. 3.' Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

Certificates to be other Chief Officer of the Customs; or, if no such, of the Naval Officer, or some other Principal Of-

kaor«bar« ’ ficer P°rt where the fame shall be landed, shall, within the respective Times hereinafter for that

without Fee. Purpose mentioned (the Danger of the Seas excepted) be returned to the Officers who took the said

Officer*making Bonds, that the said Commodities have been landed at the Port or Place for which the fame shall be so

false Ceitifi- declared ; and for the taking of such Security, and for giving such Certificates, (which the respective

cates, to forfeit Officers aforesaid are hereby, on Demand, required to give) no Fee or Reward shall be demanded oy

AnPerson received : And if any Officer shall make any false Certificate of any such Commodities being so landed,

counterfeiting a such Officer shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and lose his Employment, and be incapable

Certificate tutor- of serving His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in any Office relating to the Customs : And if any

feit200l.and the Person shall counterfeit, rafe, or falsify any such Certificate, or knowingly publish any such counterfeit,

Cert,fi^“lobe rased, or false Certificate, he shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and such Certificate shall

inKreat Britain vol<* am* no : Which said Penalties for Offences committed in Great Britain or Ireland shall

may be recovered he recovered in the fame Courts, and in the same Manner, as the other Penalties inflicted by this

as before direa- are recoverable; and for Offences committed in theColoni-S or Plantations in America, or other the

edj in the Co- Dominions belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, in Europe, shall be recovered in the High Court-

ionics in Ame- of Admiralty, or in any chief Court of civil or criminal Jurisdiction, in such respective Colonies,

n^onsTn Europe, P^ntations, or Dominions ; and shall be divided into equal Moieties between His Majesty and the In-

bcrorVt e Court former^ and the said Bond or Bonds, if not prosecuted within Three Years, shall be void.

olAdmiralty,&c»

Nothing herein VII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prohibit the Exportation of Beans to the

«> prohibit ihe British Forts, Castles, and Factories, in Africa ; or for the Use of the Ships trading upon that Coast, that

»X0f usually have been supplied with the fame from Great Britain or Ireland\ so as the like Security be ^iven

Forts* &c. of for exporting thereof, as is required by this Act to be given by Persons carrying any of the said Com*

Africa, or the modities to the British Colonies in America.

Ships trading 00

that Coast 5 VIII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prohibit the United Company of

thelEast India Merchants of England trading to the East Indies from exporting any of the said Commodities to any of*

Company with their Forts, Fadtories, or Settlements, for the Support of the Persons residing there, so as the like

suppi>i;.g their Security be given for the exporting thereof, as is tequired by this Act to be given by Persons carrying

Forts, fcc. w?th any of the said Commodities to the British Colonies in America.

Corn, Gra:n,&c.

for the Support of the Persons rtfiding these.

The Pert of IX. Provided also, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to any Wheat,

Southampton Flour, Malt, ^Barley, Bread, Rjfcuit, or Pease, to be transported out of or from the Port of Southamp-

only may supply ton only unto the Islands of Jersey^ Guernsey, and Alderney, or any of them, for the only Use of the In-

the islands of habitants of those Islands, lo as the Exporter, before the lading of such Commodities, or laying the

iey on ®°arc*> do become bound, with other sufficient Security, in Treble the Value thereof, which

ice.*not Exceed- the Customer or Comptroller of the fame Port hath hereby Power to take, in His Majesty’s Name, and

in? 5000 Quar- to His M qefty's U(e, and for which Secuiity no Fee or Reward shall be given or taken, that such

ters, 'he Ex- Commodities shall be landed in the said Islands of Jersey^ Guernsey, and Alderney, or One of them, (the

porter becoming Danger of the Seas only excepted), for the Use of the Inhabitants there, and shall not belauded or

the'va ue * k 'n any °ther Parts whatsoever; and to return the like Certificates of the landing the fame there,

that the Com- as are herein required on the Exportation of the said Commodities to the British Colonies in America^

modities ftiail and within the Time for that Purpose herein mentioned ; and so as the Quantity of Wheat-flour, Malt,

net be land'd Barley, Bread, Biscuit, and Pease, which at any Time or Times, during the Continuance of this A&,

-<°lpat ,nX shall be shipped at the said Port for the said Islands, or either of them, as aforesaid. do not exceed, in

andTo return the *he Whole, Five thousand Quarters ; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

Certificates of landing the fame as are rfcquived of Exporters af Corn, Crain, Sec. to the Cobniesin America*

The Ports of X. Provided also, That this A& shall not extend to any Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, or Flour to

Whitehaven and transported out of or from the Ports of Whitih.ruen or Liverpool only into the Ijle of Many for the

suppUthe isle of on^Y Use of the Inhabitants of that Island, so as the Exporter, before the lading of such Wheat, Bariev,

Man with Oats, Meal, or Flour, or laying the fame on Board, do become bound, with other sufficient Security*

Whra», Barley, in Treble the Value thereof, which the Customer or Comptroller of either of the said Ports respec-

Sec. under the tively hath hereby Power to take, in His Majesty’s Name, and to His Majesty’s Use, for which

foresaid R«gu- Security no Fee or Reward shall be given or taken, that such Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, oc

cetding 2500* Flour, shall be landed in the said Ijle cf Man, (the Danger of the Seas only excepted) for the Use of

Qumen. the Inhabitants there, and shall not be landed or fold in any other Parts whatsoever; and to re-

turn the like Certificates of the landing the fame there, as aFe by this A£1 required on the Exportation,

of the said Commodities to the British Colonies in America, and within the Time for that Purpose herein

mentioned, and so as the whole Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, which at any

Time or Times*, during the Continuance of this A<L>, /hall be shipped at both the f«d Ports for the.

said Ijle of Mant shall not exceed in the Who|« Two thousand five hundred Quarters ; One Moiety

thereof to be exported from the said Port of JVhitehjJcn\ and the other Moiety thereof to be exported

torn the said Port of Liverparie ; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

XL Pro-

c.ooooie

