I

The TITLES of

of the said Sir George Colebrooke, in the Counties of Mid-

ellefex and Surrey, in Trustees, for the Purposes therein

mentioned.

83. An Act to enable Trustees, with the Consent of the

Persons claiming under the Will of Edward Shelley,

Esquire, to cut down and fell Timber, upon the settled

Ell ares of the said Edward Shelley, in the County of

Sujpx\ and to invest the Monies arising therefrom in

the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled

to the Uses of the said Will, and other Purposes.

84. An Act to enable the Governors, and Aftistants to the

laid Governors, in the Rule and Government of the said

Possessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Free ( ram

mar School of Elizabeth Queen of England, in thcTown

of Jjhsburne, in the County of Dcrly\ in their Corpo-

rate Capacity ; and the said Governors and Aftistants,

as Trustees of Six Alns-houses in Ash-hume afortfuid,

founded and endowed by Chri/hphcr Pegg Esquire, dc-

ceased ; to convey certain Lands and Polfelfions ol

the feud School and Alnis-hmifci re'pedtively, in tire

Paiilhcs of IVingcrworth \\\& Ashovn'y in the said County,

to Henry Gladwin, of Jringerworthy in the said County,

Esquire, in Exchange for other Lands, in the Parish of

Brailsford, in the said County, of greater Value, to be

conveyed to, and held by them respeitively, to the Uses,

and upon the Trtilts*, therein mentioned.

85. An Act for in powering ar.d enabling the Trustees

named in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Da

niel Danvers Esquire, and Alary his Wife, or the Sur-

vivors or Survivor of them, or the Heirs of such Sur-

vivor, to make Sale of certain Leasehold Estates, verted

in them upon divers Truth, mentioned in the said Settle-

ment ; and to lay out the Money arising from such Safe

in the Puichafe of other Estates, to be settled in such

Manner as the said Leasehold Ellatcs ft and settled.

85. An Act for vesting a Melluage, with the Appurte-

nances, in Lothbury, within the City of London, in

Trustees, to be sold ; and for purebafing another Mef-

fuage or Lands, to be settled to the like Uses.

87. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of IVilHam Hal-

head Esquire, in the County of Hereford, in Trustees,

in Trult to sell and convey the fame to James King

Esquire, and his Heirs, pursuant to an Agreement for

that Purpose ; and for laying out the Money arising by

such Sale in the Purchafeof other Lands and Heredita-

ments, to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses.

88. An Act for enabling Henry Blundell Esquire, Tenant

for Life under Settlement, to carry into Execution Ar-

ticles of Agreement between him and the Right Ho-

nourable the Earl of Scfion, for the Exchange of divers

Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, comprised in

such Settlement, for other Messuages, Lands, and He-

reditaments of the said Earl ; and for other Purpoftj

therein mentioned.

89. An Act to enable the Guardians of the Infant Chil-

dren of the Honourable Mary Sandys, deceased, to makt

Leases of their settled Estates in England and Ireland,

during their respective Minorities.

50. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Estate of Henry

Smith Esquire, deceased, to apply certain Sums of Mo-

ney to the Relief of his poor Kindred,-and to enable the

said Trustees to grant building Leases of an Estate, in

the Parishes of Kenfugton, Chelsea, and Saint Martin in

the Fields, in the County of Middlesex.

91. An Act toimpower IViiliam Hu 'lton Esquire, to charge

his settled Estates in the County of Lancaj}er% or some

Parts thereof, wiih One thousand two hundred

Pounds, and Three thousand Pounds, for the Purposes

the STATUTES.

therein mentioned ; and also to grant Leases of cerfoi 1

Parts of his said Estates.

92. An Act for vesting the Manors, Lands, and Tene-

ments, both Freehold and Leasehold, comprised in the

Marriage Settlement of Charles Baldiuyn Esquire, in

Trustees to be sold ; and for laying out the Money a-

rising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and

Hereditaments, to b? settled to the same Uses which

are now subsisting with regard to the said Freehold set-

tled Estate.

93. An Act for vesting the settled Estates, and unsettled

Estates, of John Gardner Kemys Esquire, in Trustees, in

Trust, by Sale, or Mortgage, to raise Money to pay eft*

Port ions and Debrs, and redeem Annuities charged up-

on and aftedling the fame ; and for re-settling the Re- -

mainder thereof, and the Lands to be purchas'd as in

the said Act is directed, to the Uses to which the said set-

tled Eft ates do now stand settled and limited.

94. An Act to vest in the Trustees named in the Will of

FrancisMaffet Esquire, deceased, such like Powers of

leafing and granting Setts of, and on, the Estates com-

prised in the Settlement made irpon the Marriage of John

Pendarves Buffet Esquire, deceased, as by the said Settle-

ment were given to the Trustees therein named.

95. An Act for vesting Pait of the Estates late of Eliza-

beth Pearce, W idow, deceased, and IViiliam Hall Esquire,

otherwise Pcarcey her eldest Son, in Trustees, to be sold,

for Payment of the Portions of her younger Children,

and oth< r Imcumbrances ; and for settling other Parts

of her Estates to the same Uses j and for other Pur-

poses.

96. An Act for making a Partition of divers Manors*

Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several

Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, EJfeXy Surrey, and Middle-

fexy in the City of London \ and of Four-fifth Parts or

Shares of a Plantation in the Iflatid of Barbadoesy in the

West Indies j and of Two Shares in the New Fiver Wa-

ter-works ; and of an annual Rent of One thousand

Pounds issuing out of the Revenues of the Post Office,

deviled by the Will of Thomas IValker Esquire, decea-

fed ; and also of the Manor and divers Messuages,

Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of

Suffolky EJJeXy and Glouccjlery comprised in the Settle-

ments executed upon the Marriage of Stephen Skynner

Esquire, deceased ; and also of divers Messuages, Lands*

and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Suf'dky

ElfeXy and Surrey, deviled by the Will of the said

Stephen Skynner, between the several Persons intituled

to the said Estates, according to their respective In-

terefts therein.

97. An Act for dividing ami inclosing theCommons and

Waftc Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of Stoke

Priory in the County of JVorceJlery

98. An for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the

Open Fields, Common Pastures, and other Uninclosed

Grounds, within the Township of IVould Newtony ii>

the East Riding of the County of York,

99. An Act for dividing allotting and inclosing the Open

and Common Fields, in the Parish of Gumley, in the-

County of Lcice/ler.

.100. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, in the Li-

berties, Territories, and Precincts of Ajlropy in the Pa-

rilhcs of King Sutton and NewbottUy in the County of

Northampton,

iof. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Com-

mon Fields, Commons, and VVailc Lands, and a stinted

Pallure*

