A.D. 1771.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 5, 6, 7, 8, g.

IT. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall in any respect extend to affect or influence Nothing herein,

the Conduction of the Clause contained in the said recited Act, whereby a Liberty is given to Grantees of contained toaf-

the Crown, to prosecute with Effect their Claims within a certain Time therein mentioned, c 1-ufr 9 ,

Geo. 3. whereby-

Grantees of the

CAP. v.

Crown may pro*

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of £cute their

the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one. Aims*

CAP. VI.

^n Act for punuhinj Mutiny and Desertion j and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

CAP. VII.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore*

CAP. VIII.

An Act to continue for a further Time an Act made in the eighth Year of his present Ma-

jesty’s Reign, intituled. Ah All to continue and amend an All made in the fifth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty9 intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon,

and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted

Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited

Time.

4 XT 7 HEREAS an Act was made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act Preamble.

VV for Importation of Salted Beefy Porky Baccny and Buttery from Ireland, for a limited Time: And Act 5 Geo. 34

whereas an Act was made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, to continue and amend the 3 Geo. 3,

4 said full-mentioned Act; and for allowing the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter,

4 from the British Dominions in AmericOy for a limited Time: And whereas determined by two Acts made in the ninth lnd Acts 9 ant*

€ and tenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, the said last-mentioned Act was continued until the 10 Geo. 3,

4 first Day of Alarchy one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one: And whereas it is expedient that the

Importation of all the said Goods and Commodities should be allowed for a longer Time / may it there-

fore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty*.

by and with the Advice and Conlent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said Act made in the eighth Year of hia,

present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, 4 An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the fifth Year of the

4 Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beefy Porky Bacony and Butter

4 fresh Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef Porky Bacony and Buttery

€ from the British Dominions in Americay for a limited lime/ shall continue, and be in full Force and further cont^

Lifect, until the first Day of Alarchy one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

CAP. IX.

An Act for the better pawing, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and

other publick Passages within the City of JVinchester; and also within the several Parishes

of Saint Bartholomew Hidey Saint John's in the Sokey. Saint Peter's Che efe hilly Saint S wit bin;

and Saint Michael in the Weft Sokey in the Suburbs of the said City, and for preventing

Nuisances and Annoyances therein \ and for widening and rendering the fame more com-

modious.

c XT J HEREAS the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and other publick Passages within the Prctmbld#.

City ofllinchejlery in the County of Southampton; and also within the several Panfhcs of Saint

4 BarthLnuw Ilydey Saint Johns in the Sokey Saint Peter s Cheejehilly Saint Swithin and Saint Michael in the

c ff'e/iS; key are in a very ruinous Condition, and in general very ill paved, repaired, cleansed, lighted, and

4 watched, and the Passages thereof are greatly obitrucded by various Nuisances and Annoyances: And‘

4 whereas several of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and other publick Palfag s are, in

4 fomc Parts thereof, too narrow, and extremely incommodious for the passing of Carriages and Persons:

4 And whereas it would tend greatly to the Health, Safety, and Advantage of the Inhabitants of the said

4 City an<l Suburbs thereof, and be of great publick Utility to all Persons resorting thereto, if the said

4 Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and other publick Passages were properly paved, repaired,

4 cleansed, lighted, and watched, and widened where ncctliary, and the said Nuisances, (Jbftruftions and.

4 Annoyances were removed for the future; but as the fame cannot be effected without the Aid of Parlia-

4 ment,* may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted, by the King’s*

im ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lotds Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the Mayor, Rc- Crtmmiflleneru

corder, and Aldermen of the City of // inchejUr for the Time bcingj the Honourable and Reverend Saint N.mc*.

Andrew

nued till

March 1, 177*#.

