G. 7 8. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773*

No. XX.

Receipt for the Purchase-money to he indorsed upon, or wrote under, the Certificate above-

mentioned.

RECEIVED the Day of from the said the Sum of

being the full Confident; >n-money for the Purchase of the said old Highway herein-

before described, pursuant to the said Ordeis and Certificate,

No. XXI.

Order of Two Justices for diverting and turning a (publick Highway % Bridleway, or Footway,

as the Cafe shall be) through the Lands of any Person who contents thereto.

Middlesex.\\7 E, and Esquires, Two of His Majesty’s Justices of

Vy Peace for the said County, at a Special Sessions neld at in the Hundred

of in the said County, on the Day of One thousand seven

hundred having, upon View, found, that a certain Part of a (Highway, etc.) within the

(Par’Jh, etc.) of in the said Hundred, lying between and for

the Length of Yards, or thereabouts, and particularly described in the Plan hereunto an-

nexed, may be diverted and turned so as to make the fame nearer (or more commodious) to the Publick 5

and having viewed a Courle, proposed for the new Highway, in lieu thereof, through the Lands and

Grounds of of the Length of Yards, or thereabouts, and of the Breadth of

Feet, or thereabout, particularly described in the Plan hereunto annexed, and havirrg re-

ceived Evidence of the Consent of the Lid to the said new Highway being made

through his Lands herein-before described, by Writing under his Hind and Seal, we do hereby order

that the said Highway be diverted and turned through the Lands aforesaid $ and we do order an equal

Assessment, bfc. [in tie fame Form as before mentioned)*.

No. XXIL

Consent from the Owners of the Land through which a new Highway is proposed to be

4 made.

I A. B. of in the County of being Owner of the Lands described in the Plan

hereunto annexed, through which Part of a certain Highway, lying between and

is intended to be diverted and turned, (in consideration of the Sum of to be paid to

me for the said Land, and the Soil thereof) or, (in consideration of said old Highway being fold,

exchanged, and to be veiled in me, and also of the Sum of to be paid to me,) [as the

Cafe may be), do hereby consent to the making and continuing such new Highway through my said

Lands.

Given under my Hand and Seal, this ’ Day of 17

No. XXIII.

Licence from Justices of Peace, at a Special Sessions to get Materials for the Repair of

the Highways in another Pariflb, besides that wherein such Materials are to be em-

ployed.

Middlesex. At a Special Sejfons, held at for the (Hundred) ef

tn the said County, by fu/Uces of the Peace for the said County a fling within the said

(Hundred), on the Day of 17

IT appearing to us, upon Evidence, this Day received, that sufficient Materials cannot conveniently

he had within the waste Linds, common Grounds, Rivers, or Brooks, nor in the inclosed Lands

or Grounds lying within the (Parish, etc.) of A. in the said (Hundred), fur the Repair of the High-

ways within the said (Parish, etc.) nor in the waste Lands, common Grounds, Rivers, or Brroks,

within the (Parish) of B. adjoining to the said (Parish, etc.) of A. we do hereby give our Licence to

the Surveyor for the said /Parish) of A. to search for, dig, get, and carry Sand, Gravel, Chalk, Stone,

and other Materials* within the inclosed Lands or Grounds of C. D. within the said [Parish, etc.) of

M. to be employed in the Repair of the Highways withio the said (Parish) of A. it appearing from Evi-

dence laid before us, that there are proper Materials within the said Lands for the Pur poles aforesaid,

lying convenient to the said Highways; and that after such Materials shall be so taken, there will be

sufficient left for the Use of the Highways within the said (Parish) of B. upon the said Surveyors

making Satisfaction and Recompence for the fame, in the Manner directed by the Ad, passed in the

1 Thirteenth

