232

Just ice*, on

Complaint of

Persons con*

cerned in coun-

terfeiting Coin,

to cause their

Houses to be

searched.

Persons dif-

covering Tools

or Inflrjments

may seize the

fame,

which /hall be

defaced and de-

stroyed as Juf-

tice shall diseft.

Preamble.

Act 8 Cjco< I*

From Sept. 29,

1771, unmanu-

faCtcred Wood

inay be imported

from America,

except Marts,

&c. without pay-

ing Custom or

Duty.

Due Entry to be

made in the

Custnm-house at

the Port where

imported.

Mahogany of the

Growth of the

Bay of Hondu-

ras, imported to

the P..rt of Lon-

don fuice 1770,

having paid the

Duties, Com-

miilioners to

cause the said

Duties to be re-

paid.

AOt 26 Geo. II.

C. 41. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771-

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any

one Justice of the Peace, on Complaint made before him upon the Oath of one credible Person, that

there is just Cause to suspect that any one or more Person or Persons is or hath been concerned in coun-

terfeiting the Copper Monies of this Realm, by Warrant under his Hand, to cause theX)welling-house,

Room, Workshop, Outhouse, Yard, Garden, or other Place belonging to such suspected, Person or Per-

fons, to be searched for Tools and Implements for cpining such Copper Monies.; and if any such Tods

or Implements shall at any time be found hid or concealed in any Place so searched, or be found in the

Custody or Possdlion of any Person or Persons whatsoever, not then employed in the coining of Money

in some of his Majesty’s Mints, nor having the fame by some lawful Authority, that then it shall and may

be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever discovering the Came, to.seize, and he and they are

hereby authorised and required to seize the fame, and to carry them forthwith to some Justice of the Peace

of the County, City, or Place, where the lame shall be seized, .who shall cause the fame torbe secured and

produced in Evidence against any Person or Person0. who shall or may be prosecuted for any of the Offences

aforesaid, in some Court of Justice proper for the Determination thereof; and after such Time as they, oc

any of them, shall have been produced in Evidence, as well the fame so produced as the other so seized

, and not made use of in Evidence, and every of them, shall forthwith, by Order of that Court where such

Offender or Offenders shall be tried, or by Order of such or some other Justice of the Peace, in case there

be no such Trial, be defaced and destroyed, or other wise disposed of, as such Court, or such Justice, shall

.direct.

CAP. XLT.

An Act to explain an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

George the First, intituled, An Act giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval

St ores, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, so far as relates to the Importation of un-

manufactured Wood of the Growth and Product of America \ and to explain so much of

an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his date Majesty King George the

Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas, as

relates to the Importation of Raw Silk and Mohair Yarn landed at certain Places therein

mentioned.

€ \WHEREAS by an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

4 VV birft, intituled, An Act giving further Encouragement for the Importation of- Naval Stores, and for

4 other Purposes therein mentioned, various Sorts of Wood and Timber, and of the Goods commonly called

4 Lumber, in the said Act particularly enumerated, being the Growth and Product of his Majesty’s British

* Plantations or Colonies in America, may be imported drreftly from thence free of all Customs and Ini-

4 politions whatsoever: And whereas Mahogany, and various Sorts of American Wood, are become very

4 useful and necessary to Cabinet-makers and other Artificers in this Kingdom, and it would tend to the

4 Improvement of the Manufactures thereof, and to the more comfortable Support and Maintenance of

4 great Numbers of his Majesty’s British Subjects employed in the making and working of such Goods,

4 and to the Increase of the Exportation thereof into foreign Parts, when so manufactured here, if Liberty

* was given to import such Goods from all Parts of America Duty-free Be it therefore enacted by the

King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal*

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and

after the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, it shall and may be

lawful for any Person or Persons to import into this Kingdom directly, from any Part of America, in Bri-

tish Vessels, navigated according to Law, any Sort of unmanufactured Wood, being the Growth and Pro-

dust of America (except Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits) without paying any Subsidy, Custom, or other

Duty whatsoever for the fame, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That a due Entry

of such Goods shall be first made in the Custom-house belonging to the Port where the fame shall be im-

ported, in the same Manner and Form, expressing the Quantities and Qualities of the respective Goods,

as was used and practised before making of this Act, and the said Goods iball be landed in the Piefence of

the proper Officer appointed for that Purpose, otherwise such Goods shall be liable to the Payment of the

fame Duties as would have been due and payable for the fame, if this Act had not been made.

4 III. And whereas several Parcels of Mahogany of the Growth and Produce of the Bay of Honduras have

4 been imported into the Port of London since the first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy,

4 for which the Importers have paid or deposited the Duties payable thereon with the proper Officers of

4 the Customs ; and it is reasonable that the Importers of such Mahogany should receive the Benefit in-

4 tended by this Act \ Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may

be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs, or any four of them, to order the said Duties so paid or

deposited to be repaid ; and such Officers are hereby authorised and required to repay the fame to the Im-

porters of such Mahogany, or to any other Person legally authorised to receive the same.

4 IV. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late

4 Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An All for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant

4 Seas, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That no Goods or Merchandises liable to retain the Infection

5 4 of

