906 C. 84.

Anno decimo tertio Geor,qii III.

A.D. 1773.

Surveyor to get

and carry away

or hire out any

Team.

If Surveyor fof-

Payaentof Mo- XXXV. And be.it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall agree to advance any Sum

ncy subscribed Qr Sums of Money, to be employed in the making or repairing any Turnpike Road or Highway

repaU^Turn- tended to be made Turnpike, and shall subscribe his, her, or their Name or Names to any Writing

pike Roads, how for that Purpose, every such Person shall be liable to pay every Sum or Sums of Money so subscribed,

to be enforced, according to the Purport of such Writing; and in Default of Payment thereof within: Twenty-one

Days after the fame shall become payable, according to the Purport of such Writ pig, and shall be

demanded by the Person to whom the fame is made payable by such Writing; or if no, Person be named

therein for that Purpose by the Treasurer of such Turnpike, or intended Turnpike Road, it shall and

may be lawful for every such Treasurer, or other Person, to sue for and recover the fame, in any of

His Majesty’s Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Suit, or Information,

wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more thap One Imparlance, shall be

allowed.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That on every Turnpike Roid where a sufficient Quantity of

Stone, Gravel, Chalk; or other Materials, dannot be provided and carried by the Labourers and

Cupula* after Teams required to perform Statute-duty upon the fair.e, the Surveyor, with the Approbation of the

publick Notice Trustees of such Road, shall, and is hereby uquired to control for the getting and carrying thereof,

given. at some Time and Place to be fixed for that Purpose, of which Ten Days Notice in Writing shall be

given, by fixing the fame on the Door of the Church or Chapel of such Parish, Township, or Place,

or, if there be no Church or Chapel, at the raoft publick Place there, which Notice shall specify the

Surveyor to have Work to be done, and the Time and Place for letting thereof: And if any Surveyor shall have any

no Share in the par^ Share, or Interest, directly or indirectly, in any such Contraft, or in any other Contract or

felintMaterUtr«to ®arsa*n» for Work or Materials, to be made,.done, or provided, upon, for, or on Account of, any

9 of the Highways, Roads, Bridges, or other Works, under his Care or Management; or shall, upon

his own Account, dire6My or mdireftlyl let to hire any Team, or fell or dispose of any Timber, Stone,

or other Materials, to be used or erripioyed in making or repairing such Roads, Bridges, or other

Works, as aforesaid, uhtefs a Licence in Writing for the Sale of any such Materials, or for letting to

hire any such Team, be first obtained from the said Trustees; he shall.forfeit, for every such Offence,

the Sum of Ten Pounds, and be for ever after incapable of being employed as a Surveyor, under the

Authority of this or any other Act of Parliament.

.. XXX VH. And be it further enacted, That if the Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons,

fers Earth, Rub- having the Care of any Turnpike Road, shall knowingly suffer to be or remain, for the Space of Four

bifh, or Stones, Days, in any Part thereof* within Ten Feet on either Side of the Middle of such Road, any.foil or

to lie Days ^ Posts, Heap or Heiaps of Stones, Rubbish, or Earth, set up or raised in or above the Surface, of the

theCent^Jofthe R#a(*» by which the PaiTjge thereof shall or may be obstruifted, impeded, confined, cr straitened.

Road, he forfeits (other than and except Ports, Blocks, Stones, or Banks of Earth, fixed in the Ground, or raised, for

40 s/ securing Horse or Foot Roads, or Passages for Water, and also Direction-Posts and Scones), such

Surveyor, or other Person, shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings.

Petfoas making XXX\I(llI. And whereas Inconveniencies have arisen from making Hedges or other Fences, and

Incroachmeots from ploughing or breaking up the Soil of Lands or Grounds, near the Middle or Centre of Turnpike

within 30Feet Roads; for Remedy thereof, be it further enacted, That if any Person shall incroach, by making or

thVRo^r of caufin$ to any ^-dge, Ditch, or other Fence, on any Turnpike Road, within the Distance

ploughing within of Thirty Feet from the Middle or Centre thereof; or (bad plough, harrow, or break up the Soil of

15 Feet thcicof, any Land or Ground; or in ploughing or harrowing the adjacent Linds, (lull turn his or their Plough

forfeit401. or Harrow’in or upon any Land or Ground within the Distance of Fifteen Feet fiom the Middle or

Centre of any Turnpike Road made or to be made; every Person so offending shall forfeit, for every

Trurtees may such Offence, Forty Shillings, to such Person as (lull make Information of the fame: And it shall be

cause the fame to lawful for the Trustees who have the Care of any such Road, or any Five or more of them, to cause

be removed at the such Hedge, Ditch, or Fence, to be taken down or filied up, at the Expence of the Person or Persons

0^nder°tthC to whom the fame shall belong; and it (hill and may be lawful for any One or mocc Justice or

.cq cr. Justices of the Peace of the Limit where such Off nee (lull be committed, upon P^oof thereof 10 him

or them made upon Oath, to levy as well the Expences of taking down fuen Hedges as aforesaid, as

the several and respective Penalties hereby imposed, by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and

Chattels, rendering the Overplus to the Owner on Demand.

Persons Jeftroy- XXXIX. And whereas in some Places it hath been and may be found necessary, and the Trustees of

ing or damaging all Turnpike Roads are hereby authorised and required, to fec ure, or cause to be letured Horse Caule-

Mile-8onc6 or ways, and Foot causeways, to travel upon, in publick Highways, by Posts*, Blocks, or great Stone*,

Ports, &c. set up fixed in the Ground, or by Banks of Earth caff up, or otherwise, from being broken up and spoiled

ways^Banlc0 Waggons, Wains, Carts, or Carriages; and fora (much as several evil disposed Persons do or may

nvrnuor Bridges, wilfully or wantonly pull up, cut down, and remove or damage the said Posts, Blocks, and great

ice. Stones, so fixed, or to be fixed, as aforef.iid, and drive Carriages upon such Banks and Cauleways.

or aguinft the Sides thereof, and also dig or cut down the said Banks, which are the Securities and

Defence ot.the said Cause ways, wheieby the Cause ways or Banks are often ruined and destroyed; and

such evil-disposed Persons do or may break, damage, or thiow down the Stones, Bricks, or Wood,

forfeits net ex-

ceeding 5 I nor

lets th*n 106.

fixed upon the Parapets or Battlements of Bridges, and do or may pull down, destroy, obliterate, or

deface, any Mile-stone or Poll, Graduated or Direction Poll or Stone, erected or to be erected, upon

any Turnpike Road: For Prevention thereof, be it enacted, That eve ry Person who shall be guiliy of

any such Off'ence, shall, upon Complaint thereof made to any Justice of the Peace of the Limit where

the fame shall be proved to be done, by the Oath of any One credible Witness, or upon View of the

Justice

