216 C.

35*

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

A.D. i77f.

Lefltes rf M4 VI. And whereas Leases, or Agreements for Leases, may have been made of Magazines, Storehouses,

ga*inrs in which or other Places for keeping Gunpowder, and, in consequence of this Act, it may become unlav/ful to

unlawful Q^an- < keep unlimited Quantities of Gunpowder in some of such Magazines, Storehouses, or Places Be it

l*owd« c?nnot t^leretore enacted, That in every such Cafe it shall and may be lawful for the Lefl'ee or Tenant of any such

bc ^may Magazine, Storehoule, or Place for keeping Gunpowder, to make void any such Lease or Agreement,

make vlid their upon giving three Calendar Months Notice in Writing to the LelTor or Owner of such Magazine, Store*

Leal'-s, on giv- house, or Place, of the Desire of the Tenant to have such Lease or Agreement determined; and upon pay-

ing to such Lcftor or Owner all Rents and Sums of Money which shall become due for the fame, to the

T ime of Determination limited in such Notice, and upon performing all Covenants and Agreements on the

Part of the Lessee or Tenant to that Time.

VII. And, for Security of the great Number of Ships and Vessels lying in the River Thames, and of

the Dock Yards, Wharfs, and Buildings, on the Sides of the Thanks above Blackwall;* Be it further

*fcoveenabled, That no Master or Commander of any Ship or other Veil'd, lying in the Thames, and outward

rd°b*ture bound, shall receive, or permit to be received, on board any such Ship or Vessel, more than twenty five

Pounds of Gunpowder (except for the King’s Service) before Arrival of such Ship or Veiiel at, over-

against, or below hlackwall; and that the Master or Commander of every Ship or Vessel coming into the

River Thames, shall (except in the Cafe of Gunpowder for the King’s Service) put on Shore in proper

frhtn thed Vcf* Places, *n Conformity to the Restrictions of this Act, all the Gunpowder on board such Ship or Veiiel,

Thames*ro land above the Quantity of twenty-five Pounds, either before the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel at Blackwall,

or within twenty-four Hours (if the Weather shall permit) after coming to an Anchor there, or to the

Place of unloading there, and shall not afterwards have on board more than twenty-five PounJs of Gun-

powder (except for the King’s Service) on Pain of forfeiting, for every Offence in any of the said Cafes,

all the Gunpowder found on board above the Weight of twenty-five Pounds, and the Barrels in which

such Gunpowder shall be, and also one Shilling for every Pound of Gunpowder above the Quantity of

twenty-five Pounds.

VIII. And, for the better Discovery of Masters or Commanders of inward or outward bound Ships,

. 4 who-(hall have Gunpowder in their Ships or Vessels in the TJjames, contrary to this Act;* Be it further

sTrm?d in enat^ecU That the Master, Wardens, and Aifistants of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford

Stroud, in the County of Kent, for the time being, shall, from time to time, appoint one or more Person

or Perions a Searcher or Searchers for unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder in Ships or other Vessels in the

Thames; which Person or Persons so appointed are hereby authorised, at any Time between Sun-rising and

Sun-setting, to enter any Ship or Vessel (except his Majesty’s Ships) in the River Thames above Blackball,

and to search the fame for unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder; and also shall have the fame Powers of

seizing, removing to proper Places, and detaining all such unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder found on

board any such Ship or Veffd, and the Barrels in which such Gunpowder shall be, as are herein before

given to Persons searching for unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder under a Warrant of a Justice of the

reace.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties created by this Act shall be recoverable before two or

more Justices of the Peace for the County or other Division in which the Offence shall be committed, on

fjreiwojuilices. pr0of of the OtTence by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or on Confeftion

Mannercfle- of the Offender, and shall belong to the Informer or Informers prosecuting for the fame; and where the

vy np the re- Penalty shall he pecuniary in case of Non-payment, it shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s

n-iUics. Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices; and the Overplus of the

Money raised, after deducting the Penalty and the Expences of the Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to

the Owner; and for want of sufficient Distress, the Offender shall be font by such Justices to the House of

Correction, there to he kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Months, nor less than one

Month, as such Justices shall think most proper.

No Person liable X. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be liable to any Prosecution for any Offence against

to°Prorecut■on X^IS A&, unless such Prosecution shall be commenced within fourteen Days after Seizure of the Gun-

for ofiencef,on powder, or Commission of the Offence where there shall not be any Seizure; and that if any Suit oc

less commenced Action shall he prosecuted in England against any Person or Persons-for any Thing done in pursuance of

within h Days this y\d, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give this Act or the Special Matter in

tb^Gu^Jwder Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done by Authority of this Act; and if

or Cvmnthlion"’ a ^erdid shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or

of the offence discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions after Issue joined; and if, on Demurrer or otherwise,

where no Sri- Judgement shall he given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover

, Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendants have by Law in other

Pc’fors profreu- Carcs

cuted lor any

thing done under this Act m iy plead the General Issue; and on Judgement for them, they shall have Treble Costs.

ing three

Months Notice.

Ho outward

bound V» flel 1

havea

of Gunpowder

on H<yr

Arrival at

Blackball,

rs of i

all their Gun-

powder a'ove

2 5 tb. on Ar-

rival at Biack-

w all.

Penalty.

The Trinity

House Corpora

Stroud in Kent

to appoint

Soaicheis of

Ships in the

Thames above

Blackwall.

Penalties made

recoverable be-

/tfionsfor XI. And be it furrher enacted, That all Actions, Suits, and Prosecutions to he commenced in England

Thing* rone on- against any Person or Persons for any Thing to be done in putsuance of this Act, shall be laid and tried in

Her this Act i0 the County or Place where the Fad was committed, and shall be commenced within six Calendar Months

C oVrit*1 where a^tcr Fad committed, and not otherwise.

Ohouce/arc XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act (1*all not extend to any Storehouse-mill

tom in t red. or Magazine belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, wherein Gunpowder or other Stores shall

To what this a t\ be kept > or to hinder the Trial of Gunpowder by his Majesty’s Officers, as is usual for the Service of his

Hull Dot extend. Majesty, his Hefts or Successors; or to any Mills belonging t-o private Persons already built, and used for

making

