806 C. 60.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

A.D. 1773.

therein.

certain A ft of Parliament, made and passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Ma-

jesty ; and that the Fiir s, Rents, Issues, Profits, and Monies, shall be applied, in the first Place, in-

payment of the Expences of inclosing, embanking, and securing the said Sands and Channel, and

then, from Time to Time, in and towards the repairing, supporting, and maintaining the said Cut,

Dam and Banks, and in continuing the said Cut and Banks towards the Sea, and making such other

Works and Improvements in the Outfall of the IVijbech River to the Sea, as shall from Time to

Time be found necessary or convenient, and to or for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever,

save in purchasing of Salt Marshes adjoining or lying contiguous to the said Sands, as herein-after is

mentioned.

The Corporation XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and

slu Marsh-^in for the ^ Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great

Tio Saint Giles. Level of the Fens, called Bedford Levels and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time

to Time, to contrail for and purchase any Sait Marfti or Marshes in the Parishes of Tid Saint Giles's

and Tid Saint Mary's^ adjoining or lying near to the said Sands hereby vetted in them as aforesaid,

and to direct the rurchafe-monies agreed to be paid for the fame to be paid out of the Fines, Rents,

Issues, and Profits, of the said Sands and Channel so vetted in them, as aforesaid ; and that such Salt

Marsh or Salt Marshes, so to be purchased, shall be conveyed to and vetted in the said Governor,

Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and their Successors, for such and the same Uses, Intents and Purposes, as

the said Sands and Channel are hereby vetted in them as aforesaid, and to or for no other Use, Intent,

or Purpose whatsoever.

The Committee XL1I. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Committee from Time to

of rhs North Time to be elected or chosen by and out of the Commissioners of the several Districts of the said North

Level, in pursuance of the said Act of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, shall, from Time

perintend such' to Time, direct and superintend the Repairs and Amendments to be made in the said Cut, Dam, and

Works is shall Banks, and such other Works, as the said Rents, Issues, Fines, and Profits, arising as aforesaid, shall,

be done with the from Time- to Time, be applied in; and which said Committee shall transmit to the Register of

Profits of the the fa;d Corporation a yearly Account of their Orders, Agreements, and Transaftions, relative to

said Saads j such Repairs, Amendments, and other Works, and of the Application of such Fines, Rents, Issues,

and Profits therein.

and make up XLII1. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Repairs and Amendments,

any Deficiency for supporting and maintaining the said Cut, Dam, and Banks, as shall be necessary to be done and

that may ba made before any Profits shall arise from the said Sands and Channel, hereby vetted in the said Governor,

Bailiff's, and Commonalty, as aforesaid, or as such Profits, when the fame shall arise, may ht any

Time or Times be deficient to answer, shall, from Time to Time, be done and made by the said

Commissioners of the said North Level out of the Rates, Taxes, and Monies, to be assessed or raised

by virtue of the aforesaid Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of His said late Majesty King George the

Second, so as that the said Cut, Dam, and Banks, may at all Times hereafter be properly upheld,

maintained, and supported.

XLIV. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owner

and Owners of Walpole Marshes, and all other Marshes lying on the East and South-east Side of the

said Channel, and Sands, at all Times hereafter, to drain the Water oft’ and from the said Marshes in

and through the said Sands, into the JViJbech Channel, below the North End of the said Cut and Bank,

in such Manner as they shall think proper.

The RiTfrBank XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of thzNorth

°ntM Ntrth ft Level shall and do, when and as the said intended Cut, called Kinderleys Cuty shall be dug and opened,

amend, and repair the River Bank lying on the North and North-weft Side of the said Cut, from a

certain Place called The River's End, to Buckworth's Sluicey with Six Floors of Earth at the lead to

each and every Rod thereof, and with proper and sufficient Flagging, under the Direction of such

Person or Persons as is, are, shall, or may be appointed by the Commissioners of Sewers for the

Hundred of Wisbech, and Parts adjacent, as Expenditor or Expenditors for the Repair of the said

Bank ; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the North Level to

dig, cut, and take Earth and Flag from the said Salt Marshes lying on the East and North-east of

the said River Bank, or any Part thereof, for the Purposes aforesaid, without paying any Thing for

the fame ; and that all Monies to be expended in the amending and repairing of the said Bank, as

aforesaid. shall be paid out of the Rates and Taxes to be laid by virtue of the said Act of the Twenty*

seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, and the Monies to DC

borrowed thereon : Provided, that nothing herein shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge

the said Commissioners of the North Level with any subsequent Amendments or Reparations of the

said Bank, from the River's End to Buckworth's Sluice aforesaid, or any Part thereof, or to alter, lessen,

or take away any of the Rights Powers, or Authorities, of the Commissioners of Sewers for the said

Hundred of Wijl)echy and Parts adjacent, in and over the fame Bank; but that all such Rights, Powers,

and Authorities, as arc now vetted in the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any other Person or

Persons, in and over the said Bank, shall be and continue in full Force and Effect, and the said Bank,

from and after such Amendment and Reparation as aforesaid by the said Commissioners of the North

Level, shall be. from Time to Time, maintained and supported by and at the Expence of such Persons,

and in such Manner, as if this Act had not been made ; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary

thereof in any* wife not with (landing.

XLVI. And

Wtlpole and

other Mar flies,

may be drained.

Cut may be re-

paired.

Googte

