gi6 C. *#4. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773*

feat* if not with* for such Penalty or Forfeiture Hull be suspended until such Appeal shall be heard and deter-

in Sis Day* af- mined.

ter, and enter into Recognisance as above.

Justicesind LXXXIV. And be it enacted, That where any Oath is hereby required and directed to be made or

Fowwtoadmi- ta^cn> t*lc Just*ces of the Peace of any Limit, or the Trustees of any Tumpik? Road, (as the Cafe

mfter Oaths. maY bc)» and according to the several Jurisdictions herein given to them respectively, as aforesaid,

~ shall, and they are hereby refjpedively impowered tojtdmmifter the fame,

if A^ionbe LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall 1>e commenced against any

an^Th^done ^er^on or Persons, for any Thing done or acted in purfttance of this Act then, and in every such Cafe,

under Action or Suit shall be commenced or pTofecuted within Three Calendar Months after the Fact

it shall be committed, and not afterwards; and the fame, and every such Action or Suit, shall be brought in the

brought within County where the Person against whom such Action or Suit shall be commenced doth ordinarily in-

3 habit or reside, or where the Fact was committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defend

cownUtted^nd dants, *n every such Action or Suit, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and

in the County the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in

where the De- pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the fame shall appear to have been so done, or

fondant refidei, if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited for bringing the fame, or be brought

or the Fa& waa ^ncj jajj any other County than as.aforementioned, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or

°“* Defendants; or Jf the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their

pleaTtheC^m- Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall

Jai law, and b* given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble

give the A&, Colts, and have the like Remedy for Recovery thereof, as any Defendant or-Defendants hath or have

and Special Met- in any Cafes by Law.

ter, in Evidence. If Plaintiff proceeds in any other Manner, the Jury are to And for the Defendant, and he h to haw Treble Costa.

The Statute of LXXXVI. And be it further cna3ed, That from and after the Twenty-eighth Day of September,

7Gc0.HL re- One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of His present

peaUd. Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One At! of Parliament, the general

Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein men-

la to t*°ned, (except so much thereof as repeals the several Acts therein mentioned), fcall be, and the fame

commence on *s hereby repealed; and that this Act shall commence and take Effect on the Twenty-ninth Day of

the 29th Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

Sept. 1773-

THE

s c H E D U L E

REFERRED TO,

Containing the Form of PROCEEDI NG S.

N®. L

Order of Trustees for erecting a Weighing Engine.

At a Meeting of the Truste s of the Turnpike Roads, under an Act^ passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign

cf His Majesty King George the Thirdfor [State the principal Part of the Title of the A3J held at

the Day of 17

IN pursuance of the Powers given to us by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign

of His’Majesty King George the Third, for regulating the Turnpike Roads, we do hereby order.

That an Engine, proper for the weighing of Carriages, of the Constructions and Weights specified

in the said A3, be forthwith crt3ed at or as near as conveniently may be to the Toll Gate or Bar

now erected upon the said Turnpike Road at and that A» B. the (Treasurer)m

Clerk),01 Surveyor), of the said Turnpike Road do contra3 with some proper Person {or with C. D.)

