f

A.D. 1773V Anno decimo tertio Georgii IIL C. 84. 911

tees of any Turnpike Road, nor any Toll-house erected, or to be erected, for the Purpose of colle£t-

ing the fame, nor any Person, in respect of such Toils, or Toll-house, shall be rated or assessed ^']T°U"house

towards the Payment of any Poors Rate, or any other publick or parochial Levy whatsoever.

. LVII. And be it further pna&ed. That if any Toll-gatherer or Gate-keeper shall permit or suffer Gate-k«per»

any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to be drawn or pass upon any Turnpike Road within rmnimn?*

the View, or with the Knowledge, of such Gate-keeper or Toll-gatherer, or to pass through any omorfeorCar-

Toll-gate or Bar with any greater Number of Horses, or Beasts of Draught, or with any Carriage

riage constru£lcd

constructed or drawn in any other Manner than is before directed, or without such Names and otherwise than

Descriptions painted thereon as are hereby directed, and shall not within the Space of One Week *Nowe<i by the

proceed for the Recovery of the Forfeiture or Penalty hereby inflicted for every such Offence, in the ^w^infcri °Ut

Manner directed or authorised by this Act, he shall forfeit artd pay for every such Neglect, the Sum tiompaint

of Forty Shillings. thereon, and not

profecating for the Came, forfeit 40 s.

LVIII. And whereas there are or may be Turnpike Roads in such a State and Condition with Justi*c*at V-

re^ard to their Repairs, and the Revenues arising upon them, that the Statute-duty required to be ^an^er Part of

performed upon the fame, or some Part thereof, may be dispensed with, and employed more con- thesStature-daty,

veniently for the Benefit of the other publick Highways within the Parish, Township, or Place, in applicable to

which such Turnpike Road lies $ be it therefore enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the Turnpike Road*,

Justices of the Peace^ at any Special Sessions, upon Application to them made by the Surveyor of the

any Parish, Township, or Place, in the Situation herein-before described, to summon the Clerk and c^mtomorsof

Surveyor of such Turnpike Road to appear before them, at some other Special Sessions, and then and the fcwaiRoad#

there to produce before them a State of the Revenues and Debts belonging to such Turnpike Road, retire and ad-

and for such Justices then and there to enquire into the State and Condition of the Repairs thereof, mitofit-

5*nd also of such other Highways ; and if it shall appear to them, upon full and clear Evidence, that

the Whole, or any Part of such Statute-duty, may be conveniently dispensed with from such Turn-

pike Road, without endangering the Securities for the Money advanced upon the Credit of the Tolls

thereof, and that such Statute-duty is wanted for the Repairs of the other Highways within such

Paiiih, Township, or Place; then, and in that Cafe, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices

to order the Whole, or Part, of such Statute-duty to be performed upon the Highways, not being

Turnpike, within such Parish, Township, or Place, under the Direction of the Surveyor thereof,

during such Time as to them shall seem just and reasonable, and the fame shall be performed

accordingly; any thing in this or any other Act of Parliament contained to the Contrary thereof in

anywise notwithstanding. * -

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices Wales,

of the Peace, within the Principality of Wales, at their respective General Quarter Sessions of the atth*,rM,cha;1*

•Peace, to be held in the Week after Michaelmas, to licence an Increase of the Number of Horses to Ji^m^alioJ

he employed in drawing Carriages on any Turnpike Road within their respective Jurisdictions, over an additional

and above the Number herein-before limited, if upon Enquiry into the State and Condition of such Number of stor-

Roads they shall find any additional Number of Horses necessary, and, from Time to Time, at any r«s when they

Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, to revoke, alter, or vary the fame, as they shall think fit; and thatthinkfit#

neither the Owner or Driver of the Horses so licensed shall incur any Forfeiture for using such increased

Number of Horses, ’

LX. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be collected or received at any Toll-gate No Toll to be

for or in respect of Carriages solely employed in carrying Materials for the Repair of any Turnpike ^ifeTin

Road or publick Highway, or for going to such Employment, or returning after having been so ^fyTng°Mace-

employed. riajs for Turn-

pike Road* or

LXI. And whereas it has been found by Experience, that small Stones being permitted to lie upon JJ'&bway*.

the Land are a Benefit thereto, be it therefore enacted, That no Surveyor shall gather, or cause to be ^be^Stonet

gathered, any Stones for the Use of the Highways, upon or from the common Fields or inclosed trim the com-

Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons whomsoever, without the Consent of the Occupier of mon Fields or

such Lands or Grounds, or a Licence from a Justice of Peace of the Limit where such Lands or incli-f-dLandiof

Grounds lie for that Purpose, after hnving summoned such Occupier to come before him, and heard ouj h!s ^ni>nf"

his Reasons, if he shall appear and give any, for refusing his Consent; any Thing contained in this oraLi^nrc^orn

Act, or in any Act of Parliament, for making and repairing Turnpike Roads, to the Contrary thereof ajurticcofP^ce.

in anywise notwithstanding.

LXII. And whereas many Persons are liable by Tenure, Inclosure, or otherwise, to the Repair of Power for Truf-

certain Highways, which having become Turnpike Roads, are more used, and occasion an Increase of tee* of Turnpike

the Expence in repairing and maintaining thereof, which ought in some Degree to he laid upon such p/.Vns'lf-

Turnpikc Road : For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the ^je determined by'Temirs

TruPtees of such Turnpike Road to agree with the Person or Persons liable to repair such Highway, for torepair a.jy Part

the Repair thereof, in such Manner as they shall think fit, and to contribute so much to the Repair of such Road,

thereof, out of the Tolls arising upon such Turnpike Road, or out of the Statute-duty belonging to ^onccrn'n<i 1 hc e

the fame, as they shall think just and reasonable. f“ture Kc^,r of

LXIII. And whereas Parts of Highways or Turnpike Roads, have been, or may he, diverted and ’ .

turned by legal Authority, to make the fame nearer or more commodious to the Publick; and Doubts ^j^oiIjViigh-

have arilen, and may arise, whether the Inhabitants of any Parish, Township, or Place, or any Ways turned oe

6 A 2 par-

