922 C. 84. Anno decimo tertio GfioSGii III. A.D. 177$.

■having duly summoned £7. D. the Surveyor of the said Turnpike Road, to appear before us, to shew

Cause why the said Statute-duty called forth, and applied by him to the Repair of tbr* laid Turnpike

Road, should not be withdrawn therefrom, and applied to the Repair of the other Highways witfiin

the said (Paris, etc,); and upon hearing the said C. D. and receiving an Account of the Revenue*

and Dcbrs of the said Turnpike Road', and of the State and Condition of the Repair of the said Turn-

pike Road and Highway respectively; and it appearing to us, upon full Consideration had thereupon,

that Part of the Statute-duty hitherto employed by the said (Parish> etc.) for the Repair of the said

Turnpike Road, may be conveniently dilpenfed without endangering the Securities for the Morey

advanced upon the Credit of the Tolls thereof; and that such Statute-duty is wanted for the kepaiis

of the other Highways within the said Parish; we, in Pursuance of the Power given to us, determined by the Act,

passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for regulating Turnpike Ron is%

do order. That from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September next, there shall be only {One)

Day’s Statute-duty performed by the Inhabitants of the said (Parifi)y tie.) upon the said Turnpike

Road within the same, and that the Remainder of the Statute-duty Hull be performed upon the other

Highways within the said (Parishy etc*)

[If there are more Turnpike Roads than One, or the wh'le Statute-duty fall he thought jit to he taken aziny%

this Form must be varied to fit those Cafes: The Summons to the Surveyors will he very easily formed from this

Order.]

N°. XV.

Licence by the Trustees for drawing with an increased Number of Horses up a

steep Hill.

At a Meeting of the Trustees of the Turnpike Roads, under an Act, puffed in tJe Yar of the

Reign of King George the for [State the principal Part of the Tide of the Act] held at

the Day of 17

IT appearing to us, upon the Oath of bein; a Person experienced in levelling, v

that the Rife of (Part of) a certain Hill, upon the said Turnpike Road, lying in the Pari ill of

called or known by the Name of Hill, between the Poll marked

(Put on) and the Poll marked (Take off) being Yards in Length, is above Four Inches

jn a Yard, we do hereby allow to be drawn up the said Hill, between the Posts above-mentioned,

Waggons, having the Soles or Bottom of the Fellies of the YVheela of the Breadth of Nine Inches,

with Horses; and Carts having the like Wheels, with Horses; , and Waggons having

Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, with Horses; and Carts having the like Wheels,

with Horses; and Waggons having Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, with

Horses.; and Carts having the like Wheels, with Horses.

[This Form is calculated where any Part of the Hill between those Po/fs rtfs above Four Inches in a Yard,

but if the whole Rife between the Po/ls shall be upon an Average more than Four Inches in a Yard\ before the

iVord (above) infer t (upon an Average) which will author ife the fif ices to allow more Horses than men-

tioned in ihe Act.]

No. XVI.

Certificate of the above Order to the Justices of Peace at their Quarter Sessions.

T //. B. Clerk to the Trustees, mentioned in the above Order, do hereby certify to the Tuftices of

1 the Peace, for the (County) Riding) Division) of at their General Quarter

# Sessions of the Peace, that the above is a true Copy of the Order made by the said Trustees, for the

Purposes therein mentioned.

Dated this Day of 17

A. B.

\

N*. XVII.

Agreement by Subscription far advancing Money to make and repair a Turnpike Road

or Highway.

WE whose Names are subscribed, do agree to advance and pay the several Sums wrote by us, of-

pofite to our Names, unto to be laid out and expended'in the making arid repair-

ing a certain Highway leading from to after an Act of Parliament shall

be

