Sgo Ci 68.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

AT D. 1772.

Penalty on

'Watchmen

neglecting

their Duty.

Penalty on Con-

stables, &c. ne-

glecting their

Duty.

Commissioners

impawered to

widen Charter-

boroughs shall, so often in every Night a9 shall be ordered by the said Chniniffiotiers, go. about their

respective Districts and Rounds, to take Notice whether all the Watchmen perform their Duty in their

several Stations, according to such Rules* Orders, and Regulations, as shall be provided for that Pur-

pose by the said Commissioners as aforesaid: And in case any One or more of the said Watchmen shall

be (bund to have misbehaved himself, or neglected his or their Duty, the said Conftajble or Headbo-

rough shall, as soon as conveniently may be, give Notice thereof to the said Treasurer of the said

Commissioners for the Time being, who 16 hereby authorised to suspend such Watchman from the

Execution of his Office, and appoint another Person to officiate therein, until the next Meeting of the

said Commissioners, when the said Treasurer shall acquaint the Commissioners assembled at such Meet-

ing w-th the Complaint against such Watchman, in order for the said Commissioners to proceed to the

Examination of the said Offence; and such Watchman shall, for every such Offence, Neglect, of

Misbehaviour, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Shillings, or be discharged from his said Office of

Watchman.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted by.the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Constables, Headr

boroughs, or Beadles, or any of them, mall wilfully neglect to attend in his or their Turn to keep

Watch and Ward, or shall not come to Watch and Ward in Manner, or auring the Times which shall

be appointed by the said Commissioners for his or their Attendance thereon, or shall depart from or leave

keeping Watch and Ward during the respective Hours appointed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid

for keeping the fame, or dial! other wise negledfc his or their Duty, or misbehave him or thenaselves; the

Person or persons so offending shall respectively forfeit and pay, for every such Negle&or Offence, any

Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings.

LXXIX. Ahd be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said

Coihmissionera, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby impower^d and required, as soon

house Lane, &c. as may be after their First Meeting, to widen or enlarge and improve the said Lane or Way called

Ckarter-house Lave, by taking down the present Gateways, at the East and Weft Entrances to the said

Lane, and the Buildings over the fame respectively, and by taking down Houses and other Buijdings on

the South Side of the said Lane only, so as the said Lane or Way, at the Weft Entrance thereof, for

the First Sixty-seven Feet from Saint John s Street, shall not exceed Twentyreight Feet in Width, and

from thence to the East End of the said Lane, shall not, in any One Part thereof, exceed Thirty-six

Feet in Width-; And for such Pucpofes the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall

have, and are hereby iavtfted with full Power, to contract and agree with the Owner or Owners, Oc-

cupier or Occupiers, and other Persons interested in the said Gateways and Buildings over the fame,

and the Houses adjoining thereto, and in such other Houses, Tenements, Edifices, Erections, Buildings,

Grounds, and Hereditaments, as are situate on the South Side of the said Lane, or such Parts, or so

much thereof as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think necefl’ary to be pur-

chafed, removed, pulled down, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, for such Sum or Sums of Money as

the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or

Occupiers, foall agree upon; and that, upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed

to be paid for such Premises respectively, or to be contridled for as aforesaid, or where no Agreement or

Contr*& shall be made, on making Satisfaction in Manner herein-after mentioned to the Owners of,

and Persons interested in, such Premises, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to take down all

such Houses, Tenements, Edifices, Erections, and Buildings, or any Part or Parts thereof so deemed

nectflary and proper to be taken down for the Purposes aforesaid, and to cause the Materials thereof to

be removed and taken away.

LXXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Timber, Stones, Bricks,

Tiles, Slates, Planks, Iron, Lead, Glass, and all other Materials belonging or appertaining to the fc-

veral Houses Qr Tenements, Edifices, and Buildings, which shall be taken down by virtue of this Act,

shall be, and the fame are hereby vested in the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, with

all convenient Speed, when, and as any such Houses or Buildings are taken down, or taking down, to

cause such Materials, from Time to Time, to be removed oft' the Premises, and to use and employ so

much thereof in and about the widening and improving the said Lane or Way, as they shall fee fitting,

and the remaining. Part of the said Materials foall be fold and disposed of for as much Money as can. be

had or gotten for the fame, and the Money arising from the Sale thereof shall go and be applied for and

towards the widening, enlarging, and improving the said Lane or Way.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it foall be lawful for all Bodies

Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Execu-

tors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees for Lunaticks and Idiots, or other Trustees

whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but all’o for and on

Behalf of their Ccftutque Trusts, whether Infants or I flue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes-covert,

who are or foall be (eifed in their own Right, and all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, who

are or foall he seised, posselled of, or interested in, any such Houses, Edifices, Tenements, Erections,

Buildings, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which foall be thought necessary to

he purenafed for the Purposes of this Act, to treat, contract, and agree with the said Commissioners, or

any Seven or more of them, for the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof, and to sell and convey all or

any Part thereof, and all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest whatsoever, of, in, or to the fame, to the

said Commissioners, or to such Persons and their Heirs for ever, as the said Commissioners, or any Seven

or more of them, (hull direct, in Trust for them the said Commissioners, for the Purposes aforesaid; and

that ail Contracts, Ag^ements, Bargains, Sales, apd Conveyances, which ihali be so made by virtue

and

Materials Tefttd

io thcTroftcei.

Bodies Politick,

&c. may con-

tract for Sale,

