The TITLES of

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 11 Georgii III.

I. AN Act for naturalizing Bernard Perny.

s'. / \ An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common

and Open KielJ°, Commonable Lands, and Wade

Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Loivick, in

the County of Northampton,

3. An Act for naturalizing Lewis Benjamin Crinfiz.

4. An A-t for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Open Fields, Commonable Lands, and VVaftc Grounds,

within the Manor and Parish of Slipton, in the County

of Northampton,

5. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Carrs, and

other uninclcfed Grounds, within the several Town*

ships of Lockington and Ayke, in the East Riding of the

County of York \ and for extinguishing the Right of

Common, or Average,'upon certain ancient Inclosures

within the f.iid Town ship of Lockington.

6. An Act for naturalizing Gerard Portman ,

7. An Act for more effectually veiling the Reversion in

Fec-fsmple of and in divers Lands and Hereditaments, in

the Counties of Derby, Ldcejlcr, Nottingham, and Staf-

ford, in JVaftdngton Earl Ferrers, and hisTruftecs; and

for confirming Letters Patent granted thereof, and of cer-

tain other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of

Northampton, to the said Earl, in the third Year of his

present Majesty’s Reign ; and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

S. An Act to render valid and effectual certain Articles of

Agreement, between JVilUam Lamlton Esquire, and the

Honourable and Right Reverend Richard Lord Bishop of

Durham, and the other Persons therein named.

9. An Act to enable the Bifnop of Hertford to exchange

certain Lands and Premiles, in the Counties of Hereford.

10. An Act for explaining and amending an Act, intituled.

An A'2 for vesting Part of the Fee-fvnple Eft ate of George

laic Lord Fij count Mi die ton, of the Kingdom of Ireland, in

Trustees, to be sold, for paying the Debts, Legacies, and In-

tumbrances, mentioned in, and appointed to be paid by, his

IVill \ and for excusing and eft equating several Contrails

entered into by him, Jor filing and leafing divers Farms and

Lands in Ireland ; and for -making the Exemplification of his

I Phil Evidence in Law and Equity.

II. An Act to i in power Sir Francis. Blake Delavai Knight

of the Bath, or the Person or Persons claiming under a

Settlement of Ids Family Eltates, dated the nineteenth

Day oNjar.uary one thousand (even hundred and forty-

eight, to grant to Thomas Delavai Esquire, his Heirs and

. Assigns, a certain Parcel of Land and Buildings, Liber-

ties and Privileges ; and also to grant two several Leases

for ninety-nine Years each, to, or inTruft for, the said

Thomas Delavai and Sir John Huffy Delavai Barontt, of

certain LanJs, Copperas Works Buildings, Liberties,

and Privileges in the Manors of Hartley and Seaton De-

lava!, in the Chuntv of Northumberland, Part of the set-

tled Eft a tes of the Lid Sir Frauds Blake Delavai\ and for

other Purposes therein mentioned.

12. An Act for effectuating a Conveyance of the real

Efta fes late of folia Eftiagton Esquire, deceased, to the

Purchasers thereof, under a Decree or Order of the High

• Court of Chancery.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon PielJs within the Township and Liberties of Aylef-

bury, in the County of Bucks.

the STATUTES.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds,

and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Whit-

church, in the County of Bucks.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and

Common Pastures, in the Parish of Kirkby Mallory, in

the County of Lcicejhr.

16. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

Fields, and Commonable Places, in Keyham, in the Pa-

rish of Rothley, and County of Leicester.

\y. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

Meadows, Commons, orWafte Lands, within the Ma-

nor and Parish of Hill Croome, in the County of Wor-

eficr.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing Barniker Moor, with-

in the Manor of Nether IVy erf dale, in the County Palatine

of Lancajhr.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

Fields, Common Pasture, Commons, and Waite

Grounds, wirhin the Township, Hamlet, or Liberty of

Fairfield, in the Parish of Hope, and County of Derby.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,1

Lammas Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and

Grounds, in the Parish of Great Brickbill, in the County

of Bucks.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows,.

Heath, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of

Sproxton, in the County of Leicester.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several stinted

Pastures, called the North Moor, Eonghill, Bark, and

Garforth Clftc, within the Township of Rilfton, in the

Weft Riding of the County of York.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows,

Heath, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of

Sa!tby, in the County of Leicester.

24. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Thomas Lord

Dude, and his I flue, to take the Surname of Moretony

and to bear and use the Arms of Honour of the Right

Honourable Matthew Lord Ducic deceased, pursuant to

the Will of the said Matthew Lord Ducie.

25. An Act to enable Captain Samuel Pitchford, and the

Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname,

and bear the Arms, of Sir Samuel Cornish,.deceased, pur-

suant to his Will.

26. An Act to enable Thomas Grundy, and his Issue Male,

to take and use the Surname of Swinfen.

27. An Act to enable William Mackenzie, David Gravier,

and fohn Gravier, respectively, and the Heirs Male of

, their respective Bodies, to take and use the Surname and

Arms of Godfrey.

28. An Act for making the Exemplification of the last Will

and Testament of Frauds Macartney Esquire, deceased.

Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Bri-

tain and Ireland.

29. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Knight,

Esquire, with Catharine Lynch, his now Wife y and to*

enable him to marry again $ and for other Purposes-

therein mentioned.

30. An Act (or naturalizing Henry Renner*

31. An Act for rendering valid and effectual certain Ar-

ticles of Agreement, bearing Date the twenty-first Day

of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy* made

between Frances Countess Dowager of Londonderry, Phi-

lip Earl Stanhope, and others y and for veiling several Ma-

nors

