]

442 C. 28.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1772.-

Trustee* no* to

•A when iate-

rtfted.

Time and Place

«of Trustct*

|4cOin|«.

4 larged and made convenient for the Burial of the Dead, by the Addition of the said several (mail

* Pieces or Parcels of Land before mentioned, lying contiguous thereto, or so much thereof respec-

* tively as shall be necessary; and, in order to answer the pious Intentions, and other the Purposes in this

f Act mentioned, that the Fee-iimplc and Inheritance of the said Pieces or Parcels of Land andPre-

* mises, or so much thereof as shall be convenient and necessary, shall be granted and conveyed by the said

4 Ann Holies Earl of Essex, and Thomas Clutter buck the elder, of Great Stanmorey in the County of Middlesex,

4 Gentleman, or the Survivor of them, or his Heirs, to proper Trustees to be appointed by this Act,

•and their Heirs and Successors: But by reason of the drift Dfes, Trulls, and Limitations, created

4 by the said Deeds of Feoffment and Settlement respectively, the fame cannot be effcftuated, nor can

4 the said Ccemetery or Church-yard be enlarged, or made convenient, or the said present Road aL

4 tered or taken away, without the Aid and Authority of an Act of Parliament; may it therefore

4 please Your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted ;’ and be it enacted by the King’s moil

Excellent 'Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Truste« appoint* Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the Right

1°* this Reverend the Lord Brshop of Londony and the Vicar and Churchwardens of the said Parish of Watford

w *ecuu*nt fQr t^e being, and the said Ann Holies Earl of Essex; the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Hyde9

Baron of Hindony in the County of Wilts; John AfketBuck nail, Richard Capper, Richard Phrip, Samuel

Moody y Nicholas Martiny and Thomas Clutter buck the younger, Esquires: Joshua Pickerfgilly John Iff on y

Thomas Deacony Jonathan Cox Lovett, Thomas Munny IVuliam Smithy John Ailway% George Philip Ebrety

John Edlin Tuacby and Thomas Nicholly Gentlemen ; being Owners of Land in, or Inhabitants of the

laid Parish of Watfordy shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for'putting this Act in

Execution.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the

Execution of this Act, during the Time he shall hold any Office or Appointment to which any Salai^r

or pecuniary Profit shall be annexed by virtue of this Act; nor shall any such Trustee, on his own pri-

vate Account, enter into any Contract, or have any Share or Interest in any Contraft, relating to the

Execution^ any of the Powers in this Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, to meet together in the Vestry Room of the said Pa-

rish on the Wednesday Fortnight next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may

be, between the Hours of Nine of the Clock in the rorenoon and Two of the Clock in the Afternoon \

and the said Trustees shall then and there proceed to put the said Act in Execution, and then, and from

Time to Time afterwards adjourn themselves to meet, or meet according to such Notice as is herein

after directed to be given at such Place or Places within the said Parish, as such Trustees shall think,

proper and convenient.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That, of all the Meetings to be held in.

*iven of Trustees pursuance of this Act, (unless by Adjournments) previous Notice shall be given in the Church of the

Meetings. Parish of Watford aforesaid, on the Sunday next before such Meeting, (which Notice the Minister or

Curate of the said Parish is hereby required to read and give, or cause to be read and given) and also by

Writing to be affixed on the Door of the said Church; and likewise on the Market rod on the Tuesday

next after such Notice shall be given in the Parish Church, as aforesaid ; which Notice shall set forth the

Day, Hour, and Place of such Meeting; and at all such Meetings the said Trustees shall pay their owrx

Ex pences.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at any publick Meeting to be held in pursuance of

this Act, to appoint a 1 reafurer and Clerk, and also such One or more fit and (kilful Persons (if they

shall think proper so to do) as may be necessary for any of the Purposes of this Act, or that may be nc-

cefl'ary and proper to execute any Rules, Orders, and Regulations, to be made in pursuance of the fame*

with such Allowances as shall be judged reasonable by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them*

so assembled as aforesaid; and shall and may take Security, if they shall think proper, from such Trea-

surer and Clerk, or any other Person or Persons so to be employed and appointed as aforesaid, or any of

them; and likewise may, fiom Time to Time, remove such Officer or.Officers, or other Person or

Persons, and appoint others in the Room of such of them as shall be so removed, or that shall die, or

may discontinue any such Officer or Officers, when they shall think proper so to do; and such Trustees

so assembled as aforesaid, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may, out of the Monies arising by

this Act, pay, or cause to be paid, such Salaries or other Allowances as the said Trustees shall judge

reasonable, for and in Consideration of his and their Employment and Service respectively, and to such

other Person or Persons as shall be aiding and affixing in and about the Execution of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act

the°Eari m Essex* several Pieces or Parcels of Ground herein-after particularly mentioned, shall be, and the fame are

&c. and may be* hereby veiled in the said Ann Holies Earl of Ejfexy and Thomas Clutterbuck the elder, and their Heirs; and

that it shall and may be lawful for the said Ar.n Holies Earl of Essex, and Thomas Clutterbuck the elder, and

the Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, and they are hereby authorised, ena-

bled, and required, by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, under their Hands, or under the Hand

of the Survivor of thtm, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, to be executed in the Presence^of

Two or more credible Witnelics, to grant, release, and convey, to the said Trustees appointed by this

Act, or such of them as (hall-be then living, and their Heirs and Successors, all that Piece or Parcel of

Ground, containing by Admeasurement One Rood and Two Perches, little more or less, being the

Court-yard or Alms^-yard lying in Front of, and belonging to the said Eight Alms-houses herein-beforo

mentioned.

Notice to bt

Trustee* to pay

their own Ex-

pence*.

Trustees to ap-

point Officers;

take Security ;

and remove

them, and ap-

point others;

and allow them

Salarios.

Several Parcels of

conv.yed

Trustees:

