720 C. 43.

From the Port of

London.

. Anno decimo tertio Georg 11 III. A.D. 1773.

“) C Any Quantity of Wheat, Meal, Flour, Rye,

To Gibraltar. < Barley, or Malt, not exceeding Two thousand hve

( hundred Quarters in the Whole.

Any Quantity of Wheat, Meal, Flour, Rye,

►To MinorC04

To St, Helena•

f Any Quantity of Wheat, Meal, Flour, Rye,

Barley, or Malt, not exceeding Three thousand

I five hundred Quarters in the Whole.

f Any Quantity of Wheat, MeaL Flour, Rye,

1 Barley, or Malt, not exceeding Five hundred Quar-

l ters in the Whole.

From the

Southampton•

Port

1

To the Islands Of Guern•

fey and Jersey.

\

Any Quantity of

or Malt,

_ Wheat, Meal, Flour, Rye,

Barley, or Malt, not exceeding Five thousand

Quarters in the Whole to both Places.

■'!

From the Ports of 1

Whitehaven and Liver- ^ To the JJle of Man.

poole9

f Any Quantity of'Wheat, Earley, Oats, Meal,

j or Flour, not excedingTwo thousand five hundred

I Quarters in the Whole: One Moiety thereof to be

j exported from the said Port of Whitehaven, and the

1 other Moiety thereof to be exported from the said

^Port of Liverpoole.

ward.

Penalty on

making a false

Certificate.

Security to be So as the Exporters, before the shipping thereof, do declare the Ifl ind or Place for which the said

taken from the Articles arc respectively designed, and do become bound to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with

Exporter? with- One other sufficient Security, (to be approved by the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the

out Fee or Re- port of Exportation), in Treble the Value thereof, with Condition that the said Articles so permitted to

be exported shall be landed at the respective Island or Place for which the fame shall be so declared and

entered for the Use and Sustenance of the Inhabitants there, and shall not be landed or fold in any

other Parts whatsoever, the Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted; and'that a Certificate, under

the H^nd and Seal of the Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, or if no

such, of the Naval Officer, or some other principal Officer of the Place where the fame shall be landed,

shall, within Twelve Calendar Months from the Date of the Bond given for landing such Commodi-

ties in Gibraltar or Minorca, and within Eighteen Calendar Months from the Date of the Bond given

for landing such Commodities in Saint Helena, and within Six Calendar Months from the Date of the

Bond given for landing such Commodities in the Islands of Guernjty, ftrfey, or Man% (the Danger of the

Seas excepted), be returned to the Officers who took the said Bonds, that the said Commodities have

been landed at the Place for which the fame shall have been so declared and entered ; and for the taking

such Secuiity, and giving such Certificate, which the respective Officers are hereby required on De-

mand to give, no tee or Reward shall be demanded or received : And if any Officer shall make any

false Certificate of any such Commodities being so landed, such Officer shall forfeit the Sum of Two

hundred Pounds, and lose his Employment, and be incapable of serving His Majesty, His Heirs or

Succeflhrs, in any Office relating to the Customs: And if any Person shall counterfeit, crafe, or faliify

any Certificate, directed or required by this Act, or knowingly publish any such counterfeit, erased,

or false Certificate, he shall forfeit the Sum of Two Hurtdred rounds; and such Certificate shall be

void and of no Effect: Which said Penalties, for Offences committed in Great Britain, shall be re-

covered in the fame Courts, and in the fame^ Manner, as the other Penalties inflicted by this Act are

recoverable; and for Offences committed in any other the Dominions belonging to the Crown of

Great Britain in Europe, shall be recovered in the High Court of Admiralty, or in any other chief

Court of Civil or Criminal Jurisdiction, in such respective Dominions, and shall be divided into equal

Moieties between His Majesty and the Informer; and the said Bond or Bonds, if not prosecuted within

Three Years, shall be void.

IX. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prohibit the Exportation of Beans

to the British Forts, Castles, or Fadlories, in Africa, or for the Use of the Ships trading upon that

Coast that have been usually supplied with the fame from Great Britain, or to prohibit the Committee

of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa from exporting annually any Quantity of Wheat-

flour, not exceeding Two hundied Quarters, or any Quantity of Bread or biscuit, not exceeding

Fifteen Tons* in the whole of such Bread or Bifcuir, or of such Bread and Biscuit together, to the

British Forts, Castles, or Factories, in Africa, for the Support of the Persons residing there, so as the

Exporter of such Articles aforesaid to such Forts, Castles, or Fadlories aforesaid, doth, before the Ship-

ping thereof, enter into such or the like Bond or Bonds as are herein before directed to be entered into

by the Exporters from the Port of London to the Island of Saint Helena, of the particular Species and

Quantity of Corn, Grain, or Floulr, allowed by this Act to he exported to that Island.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con-

ftrued to extend, to prohibit Corn, Grain, or Flour, from being exported from Great Britain to the

Kingdom of Ireland, during such Time, and so long as any General Prohibition of, or Embargo on,

(he Exportation of Corn, Grain, or Flour, shall be in Force in that Kingdom, but that it shall and

may be lawful* during the Time that such Prohibition or Embargo shall be in Force in that Kingdom,

to

Beahs may be

exported to

Africa.

Not to prohibit

Grain from

being exported

to Irclaod.

