276

C ommilTtoners

m»>.y fell old

Puveme its,

Difoutes about

Waircs to set-

tled by Just cts.

Vavtrrentc Ken

t iken tip so be

felaid uiuW the

JnfprtKion of the

Surveyor,

Ccrnmifiloner^

to \e rrn*.bM: |.d

th'ir Clinics,

OnuriPirr .;s

n.a\ cpit'P': u"d

f cr tlir r<! iymp

lech ravcmuit.

C. 46. Anno imdecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall have

full Power and Authority, from time to time, to sell and dispose of all or any Part of the old Pavement?,

or other Materials, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to purchase the fame, and to 2pply tho

Purchase-money for the Purposes of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall arise with respect to the Wages of such Pa-

viors, Artificers, Workmen, or Labourers employed, it maybe settled by any one or more of his Majesty’s

Ju dices of the Peace for the County of Middleje a*, whose Award ill ail be final.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Part of the Pavement of the said

ft reels. Row, Lane, Alley, or Yard, shall b e taken up for the Purpose of making, repairing, altering,

cl-aiding, or emptying any Sewer, Vault, or Drain, or of laying, altering, or amending any Water-pipe,

or Plug, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, the Person or Persons so taking up such Pavement fh^ll im-

mediately give Notice thereof to the Surveyor, inspedor, or Cleik to the Commissioners for putting this

Ad in Execution, in order that the fame may, with all convenient Speed, be laid down and repaired,

undrr tine Inipvction of the f.tid Surveyor, inspedor, or Clerk; and the Charges and Expences thereof

shall he paid determined by the said Commifloners; and they shall be reimburf.d the fame ny the Person or Persons,

Con p tme? ( f Water-work*’, or Commissioners of Sewers, \\ho shall take up, or caule 01 procure to be

talo n up, the said Pavement, or any Par: or Parts thereof.

;viiL

Mr nies expended

in relaymp the

l'avement hovv

to be recovered.

Fewer to raise

or lower PipC3.

How the Watej>

pipes, when

brob;are to be

And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lid Commissioners, or any seven or

more of.them, from tin e to time, to compound and agree whh the said Companies, or Commissiontrs of

Sewcis, or other Person or Persons respectively, for a certain Sum of Money by the Foot, or other Mea-

sure, as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall think rcalbnable, in lieu and in'dead

of laying down or repairing such Pavement as shall be necessarily taken up for any of the Purposes afore-

said.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case such Person or Persons, Companies of Water-works, or

Commissioners of Sewers respectively, shall neglect or refuse to pay what the said Commissioners shall have

so paid and disbursed, or what shall be due upon such Contract or Composition as aforesaid, within ten

Devs next after Notice thereof, to be left by the Surveyor or Clerk appointed, or to be appointed, by the

said Commissioners, at the Divelling-house, or last Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the

Secretary or Secretaries, Clerk or Clerks of such Companies of Water-works, or Commilhoners of Sewers

respectively; which Notice shall be in Writing, and signed by the Clerk to the Commissioners for putting

this Act in Execution, by Order of the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and annexed to

the Bill, containing an Account of the Expence of such Repair, or Money due upon such Composition ;

it shall and may be lawful to and for the said last-mentioned Commissioners, or any (even or more of them,

and they are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or caule to be brought, any Action or Actions,

in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, for the Recovery of such Sum or Sums of Money respectively;

and in case such Person or Persons, hereby directed to give such Notice to the Surveyor or Cleik to the

Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution as is before directed, shall neglect so to do for the Space

of twenty-four Hours after such Pavement shall be so taken up, such Person or Persons shall, for every such

Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if, for the Purposes of this Act, it shall at any Time be found

necessary to raise, fink, or otherwise alter the Postion of any of the Pipes or Plugs laid down or placed by

the said Companies, or of any of the Leaden or other Pipes which shall be laid into or from any of the said

Companies Pipes, which the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, are hereby impowered to

cause to be done, as often, and in such Places, as they shall think proper; the fame shall be paid for out of

the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, and shall be done with as little Detriment or Inconvenience to the

said Companies, and other Persons, as the Circumstance of the Cafe will admit of.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as it shall happen that any Pipe or Pipes be-

longing to any Water Company shall break or burst in the said Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, or Yard, or

any cf them, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor or inspedor to the said Commissioners for

the time being, or such other Person as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall ap-

point for that Purpose, to give immediate Notice thereof to the Pavior of the Water Company to whom he

apprehends such Pipe or Pipes does, or do, or may belong, and require him to take up the Pavement, and

open :he Ground at or near the Place where the Water (hull or may issue, by reaflm of such Pipe or Pipes

breaking or bursting, within two (days next after such Notice given to such Pavior, or left at his LA or

usual Place of Abode; and if upon taking up the Pavement, and opening the Ground, it shall apnear that

the P’pe or Pipes so broke or burst do or doth not belong to the Wa;cr Company, whose Pavior shall have

taken up such Pavement, and opened such Ground; that then, and in such Cafe, the Surveyor, Inspec-

for, or other Person as aforesaid, shall give immediate Notice to the Pavior of that Company, to whom it

shall appear that the said Pipe or Piprs door doth belong; such Notice to be given, or left with such Pa-

vior, or at his Lit or usual Place of Abode, and the Pavior of the Company, to whom such Pipe or Pipes

(hull belong, is hereby required to repair the fame, and fill in the Ground, within two Days after such No-

tice given, or left as aforesaid; and also within twenty-four Hours after such Pipe shall be repaired, and

the Ground filled in, to give Notice to the Pavior or Paviors controlling with the said Commissioners, or

to the S irvryor, Impetflor, or other Person as aforesaid, of such Pipe or Pipes being repaired, and fudt

Ground being filled in, such Notice to he given to such Contractor, Surveyor, Inspector, orotner Person,

or left at his or their last or usual Place of Abode; and in case it shall happen, that the Pavior who h;ft

receives Notice to tike up the Pavement, and epen the*Ground, for the Purposes aforesaid, shall take up

such Pavement, and open such Ground, apd it shall then be difeuvered that the Pipe or Pipes which is

are.

c.

