A.D. 1773.;

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

C. 62, 809

4 whereas Household Bread, such as is intended by the said Act of George the Second to be made for

4 Sale, is not generally made for Sale, whereby, and for want of the said Standard Wheaten Bread

4 being continued, many Inconveniencies have arisen, and many of the inferior Classes of the People,

more especially, have been under a Necessity of buying Bread at a higher Price than they could

4 afford, to their great Hurt and DetrimentFor Remedy thereof, mar it please Your Majesty that it

may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad-

vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September, After Sept. 19

Onethoufand seven hundred and seventy-three, a Bread made of Wheat as followeth; that is to say, (^P,rl^aRdar?

Of the Flour of Wheat, which Flour, without any Mixture or Division, shall be the whole Produce.of to be

the Grain, the Bran or Hull thereof only excepted, and which shall weigh Three-fourth Parts of made, baked,

the Weight of the Wheat whereof it shall be made, may- be at all Times, and is hereby allowed and fold,

to be made, baked, exposed to or for Sale, and shall be called and understood to be a Standard

Wheaten Bread.

II. Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted, That the Makers of the said Bread for The Weight,

Sale, do and shall mark every Loaf thereof with the Capital Letters S. IV. and that the Makers and Prie?» and Pro-

Sellers of the fame do make and sell the same, although no Assize of Bread be set of the Weight, and 5^'ent leaves

in the Proportions following; that is to say. That every Standard Wheaten Peck Loaf shall always CTCn ave*’

weigh Seventeen Pounds Six Ounces Avoirdupois, every Half Peck Loaf Eight Pounds Eleven Ounces,

and every Quartern Load Four Pounds Five Ounces and One Half of an Ounce Avoirdupois;

and that every Peck Loaf, Half Peck Loaf, and Quartern Loaf, shall always be sold as to Price in Pro-

poition to each other respectively; and that where Wheaten and Household Bread, made as the Law

now directs, shall be sold at the fame Time, together with this Standard Wheaten Bread, they be

fold in respect of and in proportion to each other, as followeth; that is to say. That the fame

Weight of Wheaten Bread as colls Eight-pence, the fame Weight of this Standard Wheaten Bread

shall cost Seven-pence, and the fame Weight of Household Bread shall cost Sixpence, or Seven

Standard Wheaten affized Loaves shall weigh equal to Eight Wheaten aflized Loaves, or to Six House-

hold affized Loaves of the fame Price, as near as may be.

III. Provided also, and be it hereby further enacted, That the said Standard Wheaten Bread be not, St«n<JardWhe*t-

nor shall be made into, orexpofedto or for Sale, or sold as priced Loaves, at One and the fame en ®rea^ *not

Time, together with affized Leave* of the fame Standard Wheaten Bread, Jrtced Loam »t

one Time.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Magistrate, Magi-M iftratef are#

strates, or others, who is and are, by the Laws now in being, authorised and impowered to set the when they think

Assize and fix the Price of Bread, is, and are hereby authorised and required, whenever and wherever proper, to set

he or they shall think proper, to set the Assize, or to fix the*Price of Bread, in like Manner, and the Affiie, »nd

at the fame Time to set the Assize on, or fix the Price of, the Standard Wheaten Bread aforesaid, the Pr,ccof

Baker’s Allowance for baking being included according to the Ratos and Proportions federally and re- r '

spe&ively set down in the following Table.

/ A TABLE

