852 C.,-7$.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

A.D. 1773.

Highways,Bri- XIX. And be it farther enabled. That when it shall appear, upon the View of any Two or more

a.cways, and of tfte said Justices of the Peace, that any publick Highway, not in the Situation herein-before de-

bM!Tncd’"the ri be d, or publick Bridleway, or Footway, may be diverted, so as to make thr fame neardr or'

fuCcTat .h i/ more commodious to the Publick, and the Owner or Owners of the Lands and Ground? through1

Special SdTicns which Inch new Highway, Bridleway, or Footway, is proposed to be made, shal) consent thereto/

-wi h thf Con lent by Writing under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, it shall and may be lawful, by Or-

°*n'”of der of such Justices, at some Special Sessions, to divert and turn, and to flop up such Footway,

tVcy *rcnearer anc^ to divert, turn, and flop up, and inclose, fell, and dispose of such old Highway (it Budlc-

oriorecowc- way, and to purchase the Ground and Soil for such new Highway, Bridleway, or fnorway, by

menttothfPab- such \v ays ard Means, and subject to such Exceptions and Conditions, in all Respects, as

l«ck, and the old hciein-hcfore mentioned with regard to Highways to be widened or diverted; and where any

fitch H gtuvay, Bridleway, or Footway, heiein iaft before described, shall be so ordered to be

stopp- d up or inriofed, and such tuw H ghway, Bridleway, or Footway, set out and appropri-

ated in lieu thereof, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons injured or ;:g-'

grieved by any such Order or Proceeding, or by the Inclosure of any Rmd or Highway, by virtue

ones nuj be

topped up and

inc ofed.

Appeal nnv be

imd« to the

Quarter Sessions

to Proceeding*

by Writ of Ad

<]uoi1 ti.imnnm,

or othervnl'e.

of any Inquilifion taken upon any Writ ol /Id quod damnum, to make his or their Complaint thcrco

by Appeal to the Justices of

Limit where the fame shall

the Pc ice at the next Quarter Sessions, which shall be holden within the

lie, after such Order made or Proceeding had, as aforesaid, upon givin

! to the Surveyor and Party interested in such lncloiure,

mat Purpose; if not, such Appeal may made upon the like

oTjo s oi the Peace, which Courts of Quarter Sessions ar£

Ten Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal to the Surveyor and Party interested in

if there shall be fufheient "I ime for 1!

Notice to the next iujiequent Quarter Scuo so

hereby respeLiv1iyuauch01u4.il and impow^red to hear and finally determine such Appels .awdikno

such Appeal be made. Or, being trade, such Order md Proceedings shall he confirmed by the said

Cent, the find Inclosure? may be fn;d *, and ti e Lid Ways flopped, and the Proceedings tlun uprn

shall be binding and conclusive to all Persons whon»fi>c\cr , and the new Highway, Lfridleway. or Font-

lb to be ippiopriated and set out, fh.Jl he, ai d tbr ever after continue, a publick Highway,

Bridleway, or Footway, to all intents and Purports vvnatfoewr ; but no Inciofures -»f fuc’n old High-

ways or Bridleway, or Stoppage of such F otway, shall tv mad?, until such new Highways, Br

way, or Footway, shal! be compleated, and put into go<-d Condition and

Two Justices of the Peace, upon' View thereof; which Certificat ; (half be

Peace, and by him inrolled amongst tie: Records of the fa d of Q

after such Certificate, such old Highways, Bridleway, or Footw..y, thail

the Soil of such old Highway's or Bridleway fold, in t: e MarflSer* and f

Rt ftri£tions herein-before mentioned with respect to Highways to cl

Corfcrrningtli^fc this Act : And where any PPghway, Bridleway, or Footway, 1farb4be

Twelve ^'lonths, cither from Nec^ffity, where the fame have been dtftroyed by Floods, or Mips nr

'T'A'" " which they were made, or from other causes and Motives, if new Highways Bridle-

way?, or Footways, have been made in lieu thereof, neater or more commodious to the Puuiick, and

the fume have been acquiesced in, and no Suitor Prosecution hath been tommenced for the diverting

c\ turning the fame, every new Highway, Bridleway, or Footway, set out and nfeJ in the Place ot

th.r: Vo ‘ diverted and turned, shall from henceforth be the publick Highway, * Bridleway, or Footway,

so all Intents and Purposes whatsoev^r ; and all Persons liable to the Repair of any such old Highways,

Bridleway, or Footway, so diverted and turned, or to be diverted and turned, as aforesaid, lhal), in

flic same Manner, be and continue liable to the Repair of such new Highways, Bridleway, or Foot-

Ko such Inc?o-

furesto be rr.aL*e Way,

until the new

Hisbwjy*, Sec.

shal be com-

pleated,

and Certificate

thrre&t returned

to the Clerk of

the Peace.

turned above 11*

Month. ,ni no the Grenin

Repair, and so certified by

returned to the Clerk of the

rtcr Sessions $ but Pom ?nd

id may be flopped up, and

"to the Rcfe: vat ions1 and

d or diverted by virtue of

erted and turned above

c i;,^ r c

Prolecupon

<0 tfcxne need.

W

7pt w!

rc any Agreement fh:!l have been made relative to such Repairs^ between the Parries

interfiled therein, which h.ith Lid ttie Burthen thereof, or of any Part thereof, upon any other Person

or Persons in which Cafe the fame shall be observed.

th.:

XX. Provided neverthuefs, an.! be it further enacted, That no common LAnd, lying between the

Fences of any old Highway to be flopped up or inejofed by virtue of this Act shall be indofed; an-J

vhcie the Land lyu.g between the Fences of such Highway, not being common 'Land, final), upon

Tn whit Oaf;?,

and in what

Manner, and

q^. ^h^old Mc^u:lS exceed Thirty Feet in Brc.tdch, and not extcnJ to Fifty Feet in Breadth, the f;«mc shall

H t’hwa)sr,r the nct flopj.tfd up or inclosed*, until Sisti^faflio'n shall be made to the Owner of such Land, for so

Lands lyre be- much the: cof as shall exceed the f..id Breadth of Thirty Feet ; and if the Parties cann t agree in

t\v<*en the Fen-

ces mcM-.i 2, the

f.nr, ih.ll be

d.tooled Of.

the Satisfaction so to be made, the fame shall be a ijuflei by the said Justices, or the Jury, if a Jury

shall be rtnpi'nePeJ ; and if the Land between the Fences inclosing such Highway^, not being com-

mon f.ar d, shall exceed Fifty ‘Feet in Breadth upon a Medium, or if :th£ laid old Road, so to be

diverted or turned shall lie through the of?n Field or Ground belonging to any particular Person ot

Persons, such Person or .Person^, and alf6 the Person or Persons intitled to the Land bVtween the

Fences on the^ §idc of such Highway, “shall respectively hold and enjoy the Land and Soil of such

old Highway, and pay to the Surveyor, for' the Use of the 'Highways,' so much Money &s shall be

agreed upon between, the Parties ; br if they scannot agree, so much as shall be deemed and adjudged by

the uid Justices, or Ju:y, if such Jury shall be impanelled, as aforesaid, to be adequate to the Pui-

clufe of it, estimating fuen Highway at Thirty Feet in Breadth, upon an Average.

When Foot- XXL And

\v.*ys through t’nd

d be it funner enacted, That where any Footway &all be diverted by virtue of this A£lt

___ a Land belonging to the fame Person‘who owned the Land through which such old Foot-

^ in W IV ^ame ^judged and deemed an Exchange only, and no Satisfaction or Compen-

w!u* M.tri-ron shall be made, unless the Land to be used for such new Footway shall be of greater Length,

t!v Owr.fn of a.ul t>fgieater Value, than the Land used for such old Footway ; and where the said Footway shall

th La..*s rhill not be turned through the Lands belonging to the same Person, the Damage occasioned by such old

n Ac .,n«ir«ce;vc|;oolway l0 the Lands through which it lay, if the Parties interested shall not agree in adiufting the

S.u*'jd:on. 4 a J -iy

GOOgfe"'’

