The TITLES of

within the Parish of Cromwell, in the County of

Nottingham.

12. An Act for div iding and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Meadows, Failure, and other commonable and

wallc Lands, within the Manor and Parifin of Brink-

hill, in the County of Lincoln

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or

Common, called Gaiks Moor, in the Township and

Manor of Dalton Travnfe, otherwise Gnilts, in the

Pai ilh of Kirby Ravensworth, in the North Riding of the

County of York.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open

Field, or Parcel of Land, called lionfall Leys and Green,

within the Parish of Bonfall, in the County of Derby.

>5* An Act for dividing and imlofing the Open and

Common FulJs, Common Meadows, Common. Fa-

ilures, and ether Commonable Lands and Grounds in

the Paiith of {reliefer, in the County of Northampton \

and also Two Pieces of Land or Ground therein de-

le: ibed, lying within the Parishes of IVcllngborottgh and

Greet DodUin^ton, in the said County.

\r\ An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

Fields, arable Lands, Meadows, Commons, and walle

Grounds, within the Manor of Church Broughton, in

the County of Detby.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Stinted Failures, Common, and Waites, within the

Mai or of Arkendale, in the Welt Riding of the County

ofTo/:.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields

and Commons, or waste Lands, in the Manor of Alar-

ket // iir '.ton, with Sh,pton, in the County of York.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Common Fie! Is of I'pton, in the Parish of Bur ford, in

the County of Oxford.

*0. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Open Common Fit! ls, Common Meadows, Common

Pastures, and wdie Cijounds, in the Manor and Parish

of Bgw ton on tije I Fate*, in the County of GloucejLr,

and in the Manor of Clapton on the Hill, in the lame

Parish.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing Churchill Common,

within the Manor and Paiilh or Churchill, ill the

County of ITorcrjler.

22. An Act for naturalizing If me Morier.

23. An Act, for naturalizing form Gottlob Neuman.

24. An Act for naturalizing jJm Frames Ctvhcod.

25. An Act for naturalizing IjTel Bouillon.

An Act for luturalizing Stephen BeuzevU’c.

27. An Act to enable Trultces to make Leases of certain

Ertates, late of Antnony Earl of Shaftesbury, deceasi J,

during the Minorities of his Children; and for establish-

ing and carrying into Execution an Agreement nude

between Alary Coimtcfs Dowager of S'?rftrsbury, her

Infant Son, and the Lord Bishop of Ely, respecting

certain Mcfluv*-’9 J^d 1 cnements lituate in the Parish

of Saint Andrew Holbourn, in the County of Middlesex.

*8. An Act for vesting in folm Earl of Hopttoun, and his

Heirs m hic-simple, certain Lands, Part of his entailed

Eflatc, in the Counties of Haddington and Ffe\ and for

settling in lieu th<*icof, other Labels lying contiguous

to, at. I interfpjrlcd with, the said entailed Eflatc.

29. An Act for velting the Manors of East and IVejl

St ode ley, and certain other Hereditaments in the County

of Devon, (.Part of the settled Eltatcs of fames Bernard,

Esquire), in Trufkes, to be conveyed to Alattl.au

Bnckdale, Esquire, and his Heirs, pursuant to an

Agreement entered into by him for the Pin chafe there-

V.ol. XL

the STATUTES.

of; and for applying the Purchase-money in Di(charge

of a Mortgage aft e ding the f.iid Premises; and for

other Purposes therein mentioned*

30. An Act for vesting the settled Ertatc of the Reverend

Samuel Hemming, Cleric, and Alaria his Wife, in the

County of Stafford, in Trustees, in order that the fame

may be conveyed to George Adams, Esquire, and hi-s

Heirs, pursuant to an Agreement made by him for the

Purchase thereof; and for veiling the Purchase-money

in other Lands and Hereditaments to be settled to the

like Uses.

31. An Act for exonerating Part of the real Estate of

Thomas I Chi ch cot Esquire, in the Couty of Lincoln, from

a Debt of T en Thousand Pounds, charged thereon for

the Portions of the younger Children of Christopher

Which cot Efcjuirc, and fane his Wife, Daughter of the

said Thomas IVhichcot', and for subjecting and charging

other Lands of greater Value, to the Payment thereof.

32. An Act to enable the Vicar of Kenjingtzn, in the

County of Middlesex, to grant Leases "of Part of the

Glebe Lands belonging to the said Vicarage-

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons,

Heaths, and waRe Grounds, within the Parish of Dray~

ton in Hales, in the Counties of Salop and Stafford.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Lands

and Grounds in the Parish of Goxhiu, in the County

of Lincoln

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pa-

flu res, Heath, Lot, and waftc Ground, In the Parish.

of East Hadden, in the County of Northampton*-

36. An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of

Agreement, for the better ordering and regulating the

Manner of feeding, using, and enjoying several Com-

monable and waftc Grounds, lying in Chatterics, in the

Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge; and also for af~

ceitaining the Parts or Lots belonging to each Com-

moner, in certain Fens therein mentioned; and for

empowering the Commoners to plough and cultivate

the said Fens, for a certain Number of Years therein

limited; and for obliging Occupiers of Lands, in the

Open Fields of Chatteries, to fence the fame.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open

Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, and other Common-

able Lands and waste Grounds, within the Township

and Parish of E [ft Kcal, otherwise Easter Kcal, in the

County of Lincoln.

3S. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea-

dows, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Ground,

in the Manor and Parish of Rugby, in the County of

1 Harwich.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Fields,

Lands, and GrounJs, within the Township or Lord-*

ship of Everthcrpe, in the Parish of North Cave, in the

Kail Riding of the County of York.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and

Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, and other Com-

monable Lands and Wafie GrounJs, within the Manor

of Toyntons, in the Townships of Toynton All Saints

and Toynton Saint Peters, in the County of Lincoln.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com-

mon Fields, Ings, Common Patlures, and other Com-

monable Lands, within the Manors, or Manor, and

Township of Hcminghy, in the County of Lincoln.

42. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors or

Commons within the Townships of ICitton le Wear,

and North Bedbumc, within the Chapdry of Witton U

f H’ecn\.

