A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 3?. 4®^

order and direct the preferring of Indictments, against any Person or Persons who shall injure or destroy,

flea!, take, or carry away, any, or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or mali-

ciously break up, or otherwise damage jor spoil any of the Works done or carrying on in pursuance of this

Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, every Person so offending therein respectively, and being thereof

convicted by the Oath of a Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the

County of Middlesex^ or Liberty of the Twer ojf London, shall, for the First Offence, forfeit any Sum

not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than 1 en Shillings, and for the Second and every other Of-

fence any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings; to be levied and reco-

vered by Distrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender, by Warrant under the

Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be

made, which Forfeiture shall be applied to the respective Purposes of this Act: And in case the Per-

son or Persons so offending and convicted shall have no Goods or Chattels whereon the fame can be le-

vied; then, and in such Cafe, such Justice or Justices shall by Warrant under his or their Hand anJ

Seal or Hands and Scab, commit such Person or Persons respectively to the House of Correction,

there to remain for any Space not exceeding Two Calendar Months, nor less than Ten Days, to

be reckoned from the Day of Commitment; and the Person or Persons so committed shall not be dif-

charged until he, (lie, or they shall have paid the Sum forfeited as aforesaid, or until the Expiration

of the said respective Times.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may, and they are hereby autho- Old M«teri»U

rifed to fell or dispose of all Stones and Posts, and all or any of the Materials which shall belong to foldor

the old Pavement, as well of the Carriages of the Foot-ways, to be paved by virtue of this Act, and tt

to apply the Purchas<?-money arising by such Sale to the respective Purposes of this Act; or the said

Commissioners may cause the fame Stones, Posts, or other Materials to be made use of in any the Pur-

poses of this Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may cause all Trees, Sign-portt, See.

Signs, Sign-posts, Sign-irons, Dyers Racks, Dyers, Scourers, and Barbers Poles, and all Porches*10 bere®0fei-

Pent-houses, Boards, Spouts, and Gutters, proj.sting into or over the Highways or Footways, and

all other Encroachments, Projeftions, or Annoyances whatsoever, within the Streets, Rows, Lanes,

Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, to be naved by virtue of this Act, to be taken dowm and

removed; and shall cause all Signs, Boards, and Gutters to be affixed and placed clofc to or on the Signi, «rc.

f ronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings whereunto they respectively belong, or on bo

such Part of the said Warehouses or Buildings as the said Commissioners shall think proper and con-

venient, the Expences w hereof shall l e paid out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act for the

Purpose of paving, and shall return to the respective Owners, all or so much of such Signs, Sign-pods,

Poles, Sign-irons, Boards, Spouts, and Gutters, %as shall not be affixed or put up, or otherwise made

use of in the Alterations directed by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act; and that for

the future, all Signs, Sign-irons, Sign-boards, and Gutters, shall be placed and fixed clofc to or on

the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings to which they respectively belong, and

not otherwise: And if any Person or Persons shall at any Time hereafter hang, place, or erect any

Sign, Sign-pod, or other Posts, Sign-iron, Pole, Porch, rent-house. Board, Spour, Gutter, or other

Projcftion, Obstruction, or Annoyance whatsoever, or cause the fame to be done contrary to the Di-

rections aforesaid, and the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every Person so offending shall, for

every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings,

and the Sum of Five Pounds for every Week the fame shall be continued.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Steps or Slopes pr< jesting into the Foot-ways of the Step?, &e. to be

aforesaid Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other publick Pailages, and all removed.

Steps and Doors going down out of the Foot-ways into any Cellars, Vaults, or other Places belonging

to any House, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, or other Building, which do or shall cause or occasion any

Nuisance, Annoyance, Incroachment, or Obstruction, shall be, at the Expence of the said Coinmif-

sioners, from Time to Time, removed, fixed, placed, or altered, in such Manner and Form as shall

be approved of by the said Commissioners, or by their Surveyor, and paid for out of the Money to be

raised for the Purpose of paving.

XXXVi. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may cause to be painted, Nam*? of Strreti

engraved, or defenbed in Stone or VVood, or otherw ife, and to be affixed in a conspicuous Part of be affixed up.

One or more House or Houses, Building or Building', at or near each End, Corner, or Entrance of each

of the aforesaid Squares, Streets, Row's, L^ncs, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Pallujes, and Places, the Name*

by which each respective Square, Street, Row, Lane, Court, Yard, Alley, Passage, and Place is

properly or usually called or known; and may also cause every House Shop, or Warthouse, in each

of the faiJ Stieecs and Places, to be marked and numbered in such Manner as they shall judge mod

proper for distinguishing the fame; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully destroy, pull down, Penalty on de-

injure, obliterate, or deface any such Names, Descriptions, Marks, or Numbers, or any Part or Parts freing Num-

thereof, or cause or procure the fame to be done, every Person so offending shall, for every such Of- ber»,

fence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Fen Shillings.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times Annoyance? how

hereafter drive or place, or cause to be driven or placed, in any of the Carriage-ways w’ithin the Streets, to be remedied.

Rows, and other Places by this Act directed to be paved, any Coach, Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other

Carnage, or any Part or Parts thereof, so as to occr.fi >n any Annoyance whatsoever, ami shall not

immtuuttly remove the fame when required so to do by any Person or Persons whatsoever: or if any

Vol. XL 3 R Person

