A.D. 177a. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 1 377

pulled down and removed by any Person, Workman, or Persons, as they shall think fit, the Cods and

Charges whereof shall be paid and rein\bursed to the said Commissioners. or their Order, by the Owner

or Owners of such Houses or Buildings, Person or Persons, ordering or directing the fame.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times here- Penalty onob-

after, obstrud, hinder, or molest, any Colledjtor, Clerk, or Surveyor, or other Officer pr Officers, Per- Arming the

son or Persons whatsoever, who are or shall be employed to put this Act in Execution, in the Perfor- Jj*^11 of

mance or Execution of hi? or their Duty, every such rerfon and Persons so offending (h^ll, for every 11111

such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Three Pounds.

LI V. And be it further enacted, That, for the more effectual carrying this Act into Execution, the Commissioners

said Commissioners, or any Surveyor or other Person to be employed by them, or any Person of Persons

to be appointed or employed by such Surveyor or other Person, shall an^ may, and they are hereby '

impowered to dig for, take, and carry away, any Gravel, and other Materials (it and proper for the

paving and covering the Pavements in the said Streets, Lanes, and publick Passages, or which they

shall adjudge necessary or fitting to be used in and about the said Streets^ Lanes, and publick Passage3,

or the Pavements thereof,* or for any other Purpose whatsoever in the Execution of this Act, or any

of the Powers and Authorities herein contained, in such and the same Manner, and in and from fuen

and the fame Places, as the Surveyors of the Highways are now impowered by Law to do.

4 LV. And whereas a certain House, called The Round-about House, is erected on the said High Commissioners

c Street, in that Part thereof which lieth in the said Parish of Saint Margaret: And whereas a certain *° widen Globe

c Lane, called Globe Lane, is very narrow, incommodious, and dangerous, and it would be greatly

1 for the Benefit of the Publick, and of His Majesty's Dock-yard, Ordnance, and Barracks in par- about House.

ticular, if several Houses in the said Lane were taken down, and the fame laid open -f and it would

€ be also of publick Utility if the said House, called The Round-about House, was taken down / be it

therefore further enabled. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any

Seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, at any Time or Times here-

after, when they shall think fit to widen the said Streets and Lanes, or any Passage or Avenue leading

into or through the fame, to purchase or contract for the Purchase of any Messuage or Messuages,

Lands, Grounds, or Tenements, and to pay for the fame out of such Monies as they may hereafter

be supplied with for that Purpose; and it shall and may be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate,

or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Manner of Person or Persons, and Parties

any way interested in such Messuages, Lands, Grounds, or Tenements, so con traded for or agreed

to be sold, whether Infants of full Age, or otherwise, to make Conveyances thereof; v/hich Con-

veyances, when made, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever \ and all

such Persons so conveyed are and shall be indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance

of this Act.

LVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, Body Politick, Cor- fiftitei m«y t*

porate, or Collegiate, shall be willing to fell any Estate for the Purposes of this Act, and shall never- by a

theless chuse to have the Value ascertained by a Jury, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Juf-

tices of the Peace for the said County, at a General or Quarter-sessions assembled, upon Application

to them made by such Person, Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and they are hereby required

to order and appoint the Jury, at such Siffions assembled, to view the Premises so to be purchased,

and, by a Verdict, to determine the Value thereof; which Determination shall be final and conclusive

to all Parties.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed and in-

curred, (for the Recovery and Application whereof no particular Method is already directed) shall be

levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under

the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for the

Western Division of the said County of Kent, which Warrant or Warrants the said Justice or Justices is

and are hereby imnowered and required to issue upon the Information of One or more credible Witntfs or

Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required

to administer without Fee or Reward) , and such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, after

rendering the Overplus, (if any be) when demanded, to the Person or Persons whose Goods or Chat-

tels shall be so distrained and fold, the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted, shall go

and be applied for such of the Purposes of this Act as the said Commissioners mall think fit: And, in wxocftcu*

all Actions, Prosecutions, Informations, causes, and Proceedings whatsoever, relating to or con-

cerning the Execution of this Act, any Iohabicant within the said Town and Parish may and shall

be admitted to give Evidence; the Rate or Assessincot charged as aforesaid upon any such Inhabitant

by virtue hereof notwithstanding.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Commissioner who is or shall be in the Commission of the

Peace for the said County of Kent, may act as a Justice of the Peace for putting this Act in Execution, J

notwithstanding his being a Commissioner.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself. or

selves, aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of the Quuttr-fcfc

Relief hath been already appointed, such Person or Persons may, within Three Months after the Cause &<muT

of Appeal shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter-sessions of the

Peace to be holden in and for the Western Division of the County of Kent, such Appellant or Appel-

lants first giving, or causing to be given, Twenty Days Notice at Jcaft in Writing of his, her. or their*

Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Com-

VoIm XI. 3 C missioners,

