Mills to It in^

iuicd*

Writings, to b«

76? C: 46. Anno decimo tertro GEORGII IfT. Av D. 1773.

Roid to be made LIV. And whereat the Gwnfers ahd Octupters of the fevctal C(oses of Grounds lying. i«* Hog Fen*

a Hog Fen, &D the EaU* Side bf ihte aforesaid River called The Load, have heretofore had* and ufed‘ to have and

, enjoy, a Driftway for Cattle to their several Closes, between such Closes and the aforesaid. River, tut

by Means of the Boats navigating and being hauled oft that Side of the said River, the Land or Ground

where fudv Way was, h now in a great Measure Worn away, and' become Part of the Ciid River,

whereby the said Owners arid Occupiers are deprived of a Road or Way to their falJ reflective Closes.

or Grounds: Therefore, fob providing a Way for the said several Owners andf Occupiers to their

said respective Closes or Grounds for the* future, it is hereby enacted, That in all such Places where-

the said Road or Way by the said River Sidfe, within the said District, is not of the Width of Twelve

Feet, the said commissioners, or any Fife or more of them, shall and1 may have fuIFFower and Autho-

rity to fee out and.take Twelve Feet in Width-of the Land, Ground, or Dikes, from the East Side

r of the said River, and to level and All up the said Land, Ground, and Dikes, with Earth, effectually,.

to be tried as a Road or Way to the (Hid federal Closes ot Grounds, in as full and ^mpTe a Manner as

\ . rhe Way by the said River Side has heretofore been used or enjoyed, and to make Banks thereon, not-

withstanding such Twelve Feet in Width, to be taken for the said Way^and Banks may extend into^

the Lands, Grounds, or Dikes, of private Property, the faiJ Commissione.s, or any Five or more of

them, making such reasonable Satisfaction to the Owner or Owners who have a Right to the Soil, for

the Damages he, (hr, or they, shall fuftairt thereby, as shall be Agreed upon between fudvCommiL

sioners, or any Five or more of them, at their lespective Meetings for the Time being, and such

€>wn:r or Owners; and in case they cannot agree concerning the Amount of such Damages, then the

fame shall‘be affdTed and finally determined by the Tuftices of the Peace of the Quarter Sessions, to be

holden sots the Chulrty of Huntingdon^ in the.fame Mainer as the Damages to be done by: the making

of Banks br other Works, in purltiaiYCe of this Act, ire hfcrein-before' directed to be adjudged and de-<

termined; the Expences of making such aforesaid Road pr Way, and, Satisfaction to such Owners'of

the Soil, to be paid for out of the Monie$l to bfi raised by virtue of this Act.

LV. And br rt further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, ITiat the said Comnwflpners, pr any

Five or more of therh, shall caufrall and every the Engines and Mills, which shall be erected and em*

ployed by by virtue of this Act, to be fufured against Fire in some of the publick Insurance Offices*

and, from Time to Time*, to pay the Expence attending such ‘Infuriates put of, the Money, arising by

virtue of this Act. ' . ,

LVI. And be it further cnaQed, That no Order, Nomination,. Appointment, Mortgage, or other-

without Sumpu Security for Money, Contract,. Agreement Information, Conviction, Judgment, Warrant under the

Hand or Hantte, Plarul’and Stator Hands and Seals, of any Commissioncc or Commissioners,. Justict

or Juflrces of the Peace, or exhibited before any of them, in pursuance of any of the Powers ot

Authorities byrthis Act veiled in such Commiflianer or Commissioners, Justice or Justtccs of the Peace,

norany Transfer of any Mortgage or Security, nor any Bond taken fioaiany Officer or Officeis.

fur the due Execution of 'their respective Offices, in pursuance of this Act, nor any other

’ Writing whatever concerning the Execution of this Act, (baU be charged, or chargeable, with any

~ /,:St!mp-duty. . ' ■; . it >v r .

forfoBt argriev- LV 1L; And btr itfftrihetenacted. That all Persons who shall think themselves aggrieved by the

il mly apjcn Order or Judgement of any J.uPrice or- Justices of the Peace, on account of any Offence committed, or

■' ' iupposed to be committed, againf! this Act, or any Penalties to be levied by virtue tnereofr rnay ap-

peal to the Tuftices of the Peace for the said County of Huntingdon, at the next General or Quarter

Sessions of the Peace*to be held for the said County, after the cause of AppealThall happen, the Ferfoiv

or Plrfpns so appealing fiirft entering into a Recognizance, with sufficieiu Sureties, to the Satisfaction

of the Lid Justice or Justicvs, to profqcnte such Appeal with Effect, and,to pay the Cods which (Hall

\u ascertained by the said Justices in the said General or Quarter Sessions, in case fuc;fi Order 07-

Judgcment ihali be affijmed j and the said Jnftites, in their said General or Quarter Sessions^re hereby

authorised anj required to hear and determine such Appeal, and give fuchCofts to cither Party, as*

they dial I think reasonable, and to make fu*h Order therein as to them shall appear just j. which

Order shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed or femoveabie by any

Writ of Csrthrari% or other wise, into any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Hejiuunjlcr^ or elL-

where.

rro woin LVIIL And be it further enacted,.That no Order or other Proceeding, to be made or-had before anyri

Justice or Justices.of the Peace,by virtue of the Powers by this Act granted, shall be qjaallied or made-

want ot F^rm. void for want of Form only.

Di:lreft not un* LIX. And be it further enacted, That where any, Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of

>.wtul for want Money Co be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress iticlf shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the

&.* Form, Party or Parties making the same be deemed a TrclpatLT or Trespass’ers, on account of any Defector

want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Dillrefs, or other Proceedings rclatingi

hereto > nor shall the Party or Parties efiftraining be deemed a Trcfpafler or T rcfpyaffers ab ini to i on

account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties.distraiuing

hut the Person or Perform aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the.

Special Damage in any Action upon the Cafe.

Sjvlni to LX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act,

tlV u*rpora*ion nr *ny Tiling herein contained, (lull not extend', or be conitrucd to extend, tp impower the said

fti ii dliidLevel, Commissionerj, or any of them, to have, use, or exercise any Authority over, or intermeddle wiim

' any. of the Sewers,. Drains, or Works, already made, or hereafter to be made, byt the Govrroor^ Bai^

1j&,

? the Scft

fiua.*

tcinvftc Dil-

iuvii :cs.

Pro:e«^in(»s not

