A

s

T

A

B

L

E

O F T H E

Publick and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The T I T L E S of the A C T S of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of

George III.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 12 Georgii III.

1. AN Act to continue and amend an Act made in

f-\ the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act

JL JL to conti' ue the Prohibition of the Exportation of

Corny Grainy Mealy Floury Breads Biscuit% and Starchy

and alp of the Extra ft ion of Low IVines and Spirits from

I I heat and IVhcat Floury for a further Time\ and also to

prohibit the Exportation of Alalt for a limited Time.

2. An Act to continue for a further Time an Act made in

the Eighth Year of His pr.sent Majesty’s Reign, in-

tituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the

Fifth 2'ear of the Reign of His present Mai efty% intitulcdy

An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon,

and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time ; and for

allowing the Importation of Salted Reef, Poik, Bacon,

and Butter from the British Dominions in America, for

a limited Time.

3. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land

Tax, to be raif.d in Great Britairiy for the Service of

the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

4. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion ; and for

the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

5. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine

Forces, while on Shore.

6. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty

certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry,

for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred

and seventy-two.

7. An A.ft for explaining and amending an Act made in

the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An

Act for taking of the Inland Duty of One Shilling per

Pound IVeight ujjon all Black and Singh Teas conjurnca in

Great Britain 5 and for granting a Drawback upon the

Exportation of Teas to Ireland, and the British Dominions

in America, for a limited Time* upon such Indemnification

to be made in respect thereof by the East India Company as

is therein mentioned, for permitting the Exportation of Teas

in smaller Quantities than One Lot tp Ireland, or the said

Dominions in America ; andjorpreventing Teasfeizedand

condemnedfrom being consumed in Great Britain ; and for

settling certain Doubts and Disputes which have arisen

upon the said Act of Parliament.

8. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the

Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reien, for Paving,

Lighting, and Watching the Town of Plymouth, in the

County of Devon, and for regulating the Carmen and

Porters within the said Town.

9. An Act to enable the Governor, Bailiffs, and Com-

monalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great

Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Levely to

borrow upon Bonds further Money, upon account of

the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said Great

Level ; and for establishing a further certain Fund, for

Payment of the Bonds of the said Corporation, out of

the said Middle and South Levels.

10. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of

Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of

Protestant PurchaferS.

11. An Act for the better regulating the future Marriages

of the Royal Family.

12. An Act for further continuing Two Acts, made in

the Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty's Reign, for

punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better

Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in His Ma-

jesty’s Dominions in America.

13. An

