A. IX 1772^

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

C. 64. 557

vertheless, for building the said respective Chapels, upon making the said Chapel yards or Coemeteriea,

for building Houses thereon for the Residence of the officiating Clergymen, and for other the Ules and

Pure >oses herein-after, by this A&, directed and appointed.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and immediately after the paf- fotlii-

sing of this Act, a Road, Way, or Street, on the South East Side of the said Land or Chapel yard, and

another Road, Way, or Street on the North Weft Side of the said Land or Chapel-yard, of the Width1

of Ten Yards each, across other Part of the Lands of the said Dorothy IVeaman and Mary IVeaman, (half

be respedtively opened and set out, leading from Whitall Street aforesaid, by the respective Sides 0/ the

said Chapel-yard, into, and to communicate with an intended Continuation of a certain other Street

called Loveday Street; and also a Road, Way, or Street, from the present Termination of the said Love-

day Street, all along the Land of the said Dorothy IVeaman and Mary 'Veaman, at the Back Part, or Ex-

tremity of the said Chapel-yard, of the Width of Twelve Yards at ieaft, and so that the last-mentioned

Road, Way, or Street, shall open into, and communicate with, the said Two other'Roads, Ways, or*

Streets ; and also that from and and immediately after the Consecration of the said Chapel, so to be

built upon the Land of the said Charles Colmore, a Road, Way, or Street, of the Width of Twenty-

Yards, shall be opened and set out upon the Lands of the said Charles Colmore, from and to be leading

out of a certain new-laid-out Street, called Great Charles Street, in a straight Line from thence up

to the Center of the Front of the said Chapel-yard, so to be made upon the Land of the said Charles -

Colmore ; wjiich said several Roads, Ways, and Streets, in case the said r spective Chapels shall be built

and completed on the Lands of the said Dorothy IVeaman, Mary IVeaman, and Charles Colmore re-

spectively, within the Time herein-after limited for building and completing the fame respectively,-

but not otherwise, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, for ever hereafter, publick and common

Highways, Roads, and Streets.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Plot, Piece or Parcel of A Pth

Land, as the fame is now marked out, and herein-before mentioned to have been given and conveyed Mr*. Weamtn

by the said Feoffees to the said Mary PVeaman as aforesaid, shall be, and the fame is hereby vefttd in the

said Mary IVeaman, her Heirs and Assigns for ever. ♦ 60 ee,#

V. Provided always, That nothing in this Act, or the said Conveyance contained, shall extend, or Not to prejadic#

be construed to extend, to prejudice, impeach, or defeat the Right, Title, or Interest of the said Feof- TitltrfFoof*

fees, or any of them, or their Successors respectively, of, in, or to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, fee*

or Hereditaments, belonging to, or vested in, the said Feoffees, or to annul or make void any of the

Uses or Trusts in them reposed, except only to the said Land so by them given and conveyed to the

said Mary IVeaman, for the Purposes aforesaid ; but the fame shall remain, continue, and be to, for, and

upon the same Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, as they were respectively before the making of the'

said Conveyance, and the passing of this Act y any Thing in the said Conveyance, or kthis Act con-

tained to the Contrary notwithstanding. ,

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Trur- chapel* tobe

tees, or any Nine or more of them, or such Pferlon or Persons as they, or any Nine or more of them, boilr, and Pewt

for that Purpose,. shall order, direct, or appoint, to erc& and build Two respective Chapels in the fe- e^cd.

veral Places abovementioned, in such Manner as to the (hid Trustees, or any Nine or more of them,^1

shall seem proper or convenient; and to mak-r, erect, and set up Pews and Seats, and other Ornaments closed °»nd the

and Conveniencies, in the said respective Chapels, in order that the fame may be consecrated and set several Roads

apart for Divine Service, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England \ and also leading thereto#

to take in and inclose, with proper W 11s or Fences, the said respective Chapel-yards or Ccemeteries, Houses to be

to belong to the said respective Chapels ; and also to take in and inclose the several Roads and Avenues Expence* not to

before mentioned leading to the said Chapels ; and also to erect and build the said Houses for the Refi- exceed the Sub-

dence of the officiating Clergymen^ so as the Charges and Expences of building and completing the feriptiom.

said several Works do not exceed the Sum of Money which is or shall be subscribed for that Purpose.

VII. And be it further cnailed by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Truf- First'tnd other

tees, or any Nine or more of them, to m< et together at the Swan Inn in Birmingham aforesaid, on or Meeting* of tht

before the Thirtieth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and to adjourn them- TfufttCS*

selves from Time to Time, and to meet there, or in any other convenient Place or House, as ihs

said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, shall think convenient for putting this Act in Execution :

And that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, affcrnbled at such Meet-

ing or Meetings, to receive Proposals from, and contrail with,- any Surveyor or Surveyors, Builder or ,nd eontr.aV<*

Builders, or Workmen, for the building and finishing of the said respe&ive Chapels and Houses, and bunding, *c. th»

providing proper Materials for that Purpose *, and also for purchasing proper Materials for erc£ting Chapel.

rews and heats, and other proper Ornaments, and for completing and finishing the fame: And that

Six Days Notice be given in Writing, fixed up at the Church Doors in Birmingham, or in some other

publick Place or Places, of the Place and Time of receiving such Proposals; and such Contract or g:venofreceive

Contracts to be made for the said intended Buildings, and all other Proceedings of the said Trustees. ingPropoiaJ*.

shall be entered in a Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose, and signed by the Truliee. impowered centra t. and

to make such Contract ; and the said Trustees, or the major Part of th?m, so ailhmbk*d, (liu.il ailo no- other Procccd-

minaie and appoint a fit and able Person or Persons to inspe<£l the said respective intended new Build- BjoksT1*

lugs, and fiiail allow him or them, and all other Persons employed in the said Work, such realm,able

Rccoinpence for their Trouble, Expences, and the Purchase of Materials, as to the said Trustees, or

the major Part of them, shall seem meet.

VIII. And

