576 C. 68.

Anno duodecimo Geor<3ii IIL

£. D. 1772.

^Vestrymen to

ascertain the

‘Money to be

.raised for the

Relief of the

Pcorj

andwithifl 14

Day* after to

meet again, and

to make One

gen eral Pound-

- rate for that

/Pjprpolc.

Notice to to be

given of the

Rates, and of

the Time and

Phce of hearing

Appeal*

Sessions shall neglect or refuse to act in the Premises, then the said Vestrymen shall make such Nomi-

nation and Appointment as aforesaid.

II. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at the said First Meeting of Vestry-

men, or at their future Annual or other Meetings, appointed as aforesaid, or. at any other Meeting

or Meetings which they (ha!l think proper to hold for the following Purposes j of all which rel'pedive

Meetings, Eight Days Notice shall be given,on a Sunday,in the Parish Church; the said Vestrymen, or

the major Part of them, so assembled, such major Part not being less thanNine,shall, and they are here-

by required, then and there, and from l ime to Time, to f ttle and ascertain what Monies shall beaf-

sessed within the Limits of that Part of the said Parish, for the Relief and Employment of the Poor

therein, and for carrying this Act into Execution, with relation thereto: And at some Meeting, to be

held within Fourteen Days after such Monies shall have been so ascertained, the said Vestrymen, or

the major Part of them, so met, such major Part not being less than Seven, shall, and are hereby re-

quired to make One general equal Pound-rate, for the Relief and Employment of the Poor in the

said Part of the said Parish, upon all and every Person or Persons who do and shall inhabit, hold, oc-

cupy, or enjoy, any Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, or any other Building,

Tenement, or Hereditament, within that Part of the said Parish, and on every other Person who by

Law is chargeable and assessable for and towards the Relief of the Poor within that Part of the said Pa-

rish; all which Rates shall be entered in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, wherein

-there shall be Four distinct Columns for the Four Quarters of the Year, and a Fifth for the Sum To-

»tal of the said Four Quarters, over against the Name of every Person charged to the said Rate, for the

♦more easy Collection thereof; which laid Rate, together with all Arrears then due, shall be collected

Quarterly from the said Inhabitants and Occupiers by the Overseers of the Poor for the said Part of the

said Parish for the Time being; and in case of any Deficiency, the fame shall be made good by aRe-

assessment to be rated and collected in Manner as herein directed.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, T hat when any such Rate shall have been

so made. Notice.thereof, and also of the Time and Place for hearing Appeals, shall be given in the

said Parish Church on the Su idjy next after the making thereof; and in case any Person or persons shall

think him, her, orthemselves, aggrieved by fuci Rate, he, she, or they, may, upon the Day expref-

Jed in.such Notice, appeal therefrom to Two or more Justices of the Peace 1 eliding in the County of

Middlesex aforesaid; and such Justices are hereby impowered and required to hear every such Appeal,

and to determine.the fame in such Manner as to them shall seem just.

^SwkhtheDc- IV. Provided nevertheless, That if any.Person or Persons shall be dissatisfied with the Determination

termination of of such Justices, it shall be lawful for him, her, or them, upon giving Notice to such Justices within

the Justices, may Six Days then next following, to appeal from such Determination to the then next General or Quarter-

appeal tat he sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Middlesex; and the Justices, at their said Gene-

.Quartetfefliom. r^] Cr Quarter-sessions, shall make such order therein as to them shall seem meet.

♦Where Houses c V. And whereas there are divers Houses within the said Part of the said Parish which are let in fe-

^artmentrrate Parate Apartments, and other Houses let feady-furnished to Lodgers, and others let to the poorer

rth^Landlord to $on of People, at Rents under Ten Pounds a Year, whereby the Payment of the said Rate may be

be charged with ‘ evaded; for Remedy whereof,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person,

the Rate. . whether Landlord or Tenant, who shall let out his or her House or Houses rn separate Apartments, or

ready-furnished, to a Lodger or Lodgers, or under the Rent of Ten Pounds a Year, shall be deemed

and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers.of such House or Houses, and may be rated and assessed ac-

The Occupier i* core^,no^y> an<^ shall be liable and subject to the Payment of the Sum so rated or assessed.

;to pay the Rate, 4 VI. And, for the more easy Recovery of the said Rate,’ be it further enacted by the Authority

9 aforesaid, That each and every Person and Persons, so renting or occuoying any separate Apartment

in such House or Houses, or renting or occupying any ready-furnished House, or any House under the

Rent of Ten Pounds a Year, shall be liable and compellable to the Payment of the fame, to be reco-

vered in Manner herein-after directed; and all and every such Occupier, who shall pay such Rate, or

from whom the fame shall be recovered, in the Manner herein-after directed, shall and may dedud the

fame from and out of the next Rent due and payable from him or her to the respective Landlord or

Ow.ner; and the Receipt for such Payment shall be a sufficient Discharge for so much Money as he

of (he shall have so paid, or as shall have been levied on his or her Goods and Chattels in pur(uanceof

this Act. f

VII. Provided always. That no Rate shall b? made for the Relief or Employment of the Poor with-

LandWds not to in the said Part of the said Parish, other than is in and by this Act directed and authorised.

bettfcired foT-Mi— . VIII. Provided also, That no such Landlord or Owner shall be charged with, or liable to pay for any

increastd Rent reserved or made payable to him for or on account of his paying such Poors Rates.

c IX. And for the better and more effectual railing and recovering the Rates directed to be made by this

4 A ft, for the Purposes of the Poor,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid/Fhat in case any of

the Inhabit ints. Occupiers, Lessees, or Owners of any such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach,

houses, Stables, or other Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said Part of the l aid Patift

of Saint Sepulchre, dial] refuse or neglect to pay the Money rated and aliefied upon him, her, or them re-

fpcftively, and all Arrears thereof, it shall he lawful for the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor, by War-

rant under tlu* Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of One or more of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace

for the said County of Middlesex, (which Warrant the said Justice or Justices is and are heieby autho-

rifed and required to grant, in any Place within the fnd County, or out of the Limits, thereof, such

^Variant being iirft backed or coumerfigned by fume Magiftiate in the County, City, or Liberty, where

1 tbc

and deduct it

■Out of the Rent*

fTo other Poor*

Rate to be made.

ereased Ren’s on ;

r bet'Account.

Rates may be

levied by Dill refs.

