864 C. 78.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

A.D. 1775.

Incroachment

to be taken

down by the

Surveyor.

Court may

award Costs to

the Prosecutor

or Defendant

upon an Indict*

meat or Pre-

fen tment.

{he, or they, being lawfully convidedxrf such Offence, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness

or Witnesses, or by his own Confession, before any Justice of the Peace of the Limit wherein such

Offence shall be committed, shall, for every such Offence, forfeitthe Sum of Five Pounds.

Penalty far LXIV. And whereas Inconveniencies have arisen from making Hedges or other Fences, and from

i'JCTpachin« on ploughing or breaking up the Soil of Lands or Grounds near the Middle or Centre of Highways : For

H ghways. Remedy thereof, be it enacted, That if any Person shall incroach, by making, or causing to be made,

4my Hedge, Ditch, or other Fences on any Highway, not being Turnpike Road, within theDiftance

of Fifteen Feet from the Middle or Centre thereof, or shall plough, harrow, or break up the Soil of

any Land or Ground, or in ploughing or harfowing the adjacent Lands, shall turn his Plough in or

upon any Land or Ground within the Distance of Fifteen Feet from the Middle or Centre of any High-

way, where the Breadth of such Highway is formed and marked, or described with Certainty, and does

not exceed in Breadth Thirty Feet, every Person so offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence,

Forty Shillings, to such Person who shall make Information of the fame ; and it shall be lawful for the

Surveyor who hath the Care of any such Road to cause such Hedge, Ditch, or Fence, to be taken

down, or filled up, at the Expence of the Perfoir or Persons to whom the fame shall belong: And it

shall and may be lawful for any One or morse Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Limit where such

Offence shall be committed, upon Proof to him or them made upon Oath, to levy as well the Expences

of taking down such Hedges as aforesaid,as the several and respective Penalties hereby imposed, by Dif-

tress and Sale of the Offender's Goods arid Chattels, hi such Manner as Distrefles and Sales for For-

feitures are authorised and directed to be levied by virtue of this Act.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may ‘be lawful for the Court before whom any

Indictment or Prelentment {hall be tried for not repairing Highways, to award Costs to the Prosecutor,

to be paid by the Person or Persons so indited or presented, if it shall appear to the said Court that the

Defence made to such Indictment or Preferment was frivolous* or to award Costs to the Person in-

dieted or presented, to be paid by the Prosecutor; if it shall appear to the said Court that such Profecu-

tion was vexatious.

Expences for LXV1. And be it further enacted, That if the Inhabitants of any Parish, Township, or Place, shall

agree, at a Veftryor publick Meeting, to prosecute any Person by Indictment for not repairing any

locutions) agreed Highway within such Parift, Township, orRlace, which they apprehend such Person was obliged by

upon at t Vestry Law to repair, or for committing any Nuifartce upon any Highways, or shall agree at such Vefiry

Meeting, bow Meeting to defend any Indictment or Presentment preferred against any such Parish, Township, or

to be paid. Place, it shall and may be lawful for the Surveyor of such Parish, Township, or Place, to charge in

his Account the reasonable Expences incurred hi carrying on^or defending such respective Prolecu-

tions, after the fame shall have been agreed to by such Inhabitants at a Vestry or publick Meeting, or

allowed by a Justice of the Peace within the Limit where fucu Highway shall be; which Expences,

when so agreed to, or allowed; shall jje paid by such Parish, Township, or Place, out of the Fines,

Forfeitures, CompositionSj Payments, and Assessments, authorised to be collected and raised by virtue

of this Act. ' : r

The Notice re- LXVIL And be if further enacted^'Thait. in all Cafes where a Vestry or publick Meeting of the In-

jBgVeftnesor * habitants of any Parish, Township,'qr Place,>is authorised or directed by this Act, there shall be

publick Meet* publick Notice given of the-Day, Hour, and Place, of holding the said Meeting, at the Church or

mgs, Chapel of such rarish, Township, *or Place, on; the Sunday next preceding such Meeting, and also

Notice thereof in Writing, specifying the Purpose of such Meeting, fixed at the fame Time upon

the Door of such Church or Chape), and the fame shall not be* held till Three Days at lead after such

Notice given : and if there be no Church or Chapel, the like Notice of fucty Meeting shall be given in

Writing, and put up at the mod publick Place therein, Three Days at lead before such Meeting.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted. That if any Person shall refuse or neglect to pay the Sum or

Sums assessed upon him, by any Assessrnent to be made in pursuance of this Act, within Ten Days

after Demand thereof made, the fame shall and may be levied determined by the Surveyor, or any other Person or

Persons authorised, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of One Justice of the Peace, having Juris-

didion therein, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so refusing or neglecting,

rendering the Overplus to the Owner or Owners thereof, the neceftaiy Charges of making such

Distress and Sale being first deduded ; and in Default of such Distress, it shall be lawful for any such

Tull ice to commit the Person so refusing or neglecting to the common Gaol, there to remain until he

mall have paid the Sum so assessed, and the Costs and Charges occasioned by such Neglect or

Rcfufa).

LXIX. And be it further enacted. That the Surveyor of any Parish, Township, or Place, shall be

deemed, in all Cafes, a competent Witness, in all Matters relative to the Execution of this Act,

notwithstanding his Salary may arise in Part from the Forfeitures and Penalties hereby inflicted.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That the Forms of Proceedings relative to the several Matters

con:ained in this Act, which are set forth and expressed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, shall be

used, upon all Occasions, with such Additions or Variations only as may be necessary 10 adapt them

to the particular Exigencies of the Cafe ; and that no Objection shall be made, or Advantage taken,

for wjnt of Form in any such Proceedings, by any Person or Persons whomsoever.

LXXI. And, in order to have rhe Contents of this Act more generally communicated and known,

be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace within their respective Limits, {hall, at evety spe-

cial oessions to be held in the Wtek next after the MicbaAihas General Quarter Sessions of the Peace,

procure and deliver, or cause to be procured and delivered, a printed Abstract of the moil material Parts

of

Sams assessed

may be levied

by Distress and

Sale «t (he

Offenders

Goods.

Surveyor may

be a a rapetent

Wltilc i s.

Concerning (he

For .»* of PiQ-

cccdm^s.

PfmtedAbftratts

to bi ■iven to

Surveyors.

