A, D; 1773^ Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

G. 81.

may be lawful for the major Part rn Number and Value of the Owners and Occupiers of such common

Failures, present at a Meeting to be held after Six Days Notice at lead given, in Manner herein-before

directed, with the Consent of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the Manor, or his, her, or their

Steward or Agent, to postpone the opening of the said common Pastures for a Time not exceeding

Twenty-one Days.

XV III. And whereas there are in many Places common Pastures, with stinted or limited Rights of Twro-thirdief

Common therein, which are open the whole Year, and it would be attended with great Advantages to c?T"J?ncJs' f

the Commoners to lhut up and unstock the fame at particular Seasons; be it enacted by the Authority tJ,eLod"nhe

aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for Two-thirds in Number and Value of such Com- Minor, &c. may

moners, at a Meeting to be holden after Fourteen Days Notice given in Manner herein-before direct theopen-

■difefted, with the Consent of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the Manor or Manors in which *n<* flatting

such Commons arc situated, his, her, or their Steward or Stewards, Agent or Agents, to direct, order, Common Pa*

and fix, the Time when such common Pastures shall be broke or depaitured, and when the fame shall *arC1' c*

be (hut up and unftocked; such Orders to continue in Force for One whole Year, and no longer.

XIX. Provided nevertheless, That a Portion of such Common Pastures shall be separated and set Prorifo respect-

apart for the Use of such Commoners exclusively as shall not consent to such Regulation, and the ln8erfon# aot

Portion f© set apart shall be adjudged by a Majority of such Commoners, not consenting as aforesaid, 2eaton?Re«-

an Equivalent for their Rights of Common. Utiom.

XX. And whereas many stinted Common Pastures in this Kingdom are fed and depastured by tvrfrns haring

Horses, Beads, or Neat Cattle, and in many Instances it would tend to the Improvement of such com- Right of c<w

mon Pastures, and to the better Manuring and Cultivation of the Arable Lands in common Fields, or «on may dep*.

otherwise, to which such common Pastures may belong, if the fame were fed with Sheep; be it there- ofoiw~

fore enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the major Part in cltitel

Number and Value of the Persons having Right of Common in such common Pastures, at any Meet-

ing to be held in Porfuance of Notice, in Writing, under the Hands of a major Part of such Owners

and Occupiers of such common Pastures, or Persons having Right of Common therein, to be affixed

on the principal Door of the Parish Church of the Parish where such common Pastures shall lie, or of

the nearest Parish Church where such Lands shall lie in an extraparochial Place, Ten Days at lead

previous to such Meeting, specifying the Time and Place, and Intent of such Meeting, by Writing

carder their Hands, to alcer and change the Manner and Custom of feeding and depasturing such com-

mon Pastures, so far as instead of Horses, Cows, and other Cattle, to allow the fame to be fed and

depastured with Sheep, at the Option of each Per foil respectively having Right of Common; and to

limit and stint the Number of Sheep each such Person, having Right of Common in such common

Pastures, (h-all respectively feed and departure thereon, in due Proportion to their respective Stints

or Rights.

XXi. And whereas the Improvement of the Breed of Sheep rs a Matter of great national Importance, Ran* not to rt*

and the turning of Rams upon Walks and Open Common Fields at certain Times of the Year has 5Jr““eUiJm

been found to be very prejudicial; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Ram Aug^c^to

shall be turned upon, or be futfered to remain upon, any Wastes or common Fields, between the Nov. 25!

Twenty-Fifth Day of August and the 1‘wenty-fifth Day of November in every Year,

XXIL And wtiereas lever*! of the Owners and Proprietors of Wastes, Commons, and Common Pwfons'ormerly

Field Lands, may, at the Time of any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, be incapable, thlsAa^

through various impediments, of entering into any of the Agreements hereby authorised to be made, may figfl Agree*

for the better ordering, fencing, cultivating, and improving, of Common Arable Fields, Wastes, and menu.

Commons of Pasture, in this Kingdom, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; be it therefore

further enacted, That it Hull and may be lawful to and for the Hufoands, Guardians, Trustees,

Committees, or known Agent or Receiver of any Owner and Proprietor of Wastes, Commons, and

Common Field Lands, and of any Person having a Right or Interest therein, being under Coverture,

Minors, Lunaticks, or beybnd the Seas, and for every or any of them for the Time beings and also

to and (or all and every or any of the said Owners and Occupiers, being Tenants in Tail, Tenants by

the Courtesy of England; or Tenants for Life only, and to and for every or any of them respectively

for the Time bein >, to enter into, and sign any Agreement to be made in pursuance of this Act.

XXIIL. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Rector or Rf&or* or Tithe

Tithe Owner, in Right of his Redory, Vicarage, or Curacy, or the Lessee of either of them ^“*r,*cnot^®

respectively, who shall agree for or let his Tithes of the said Common Field Lands, during the said JorVettingXilhcJ

Term of Six Years, or any Part thereof, shall receive any Fine, Foregift, Gratuity, or Compensation olher than by

whatever, other than by equal half-yearly of yearly Payments. ' Haii-yearly or

yearly Payments.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Agreement so entered into in pursuance of this Act, All Agreement*

shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, for the Purposes thereby intended, notwithstanding the itiade to be valid

want of legal Title in the faici Owner or Owners, or in the said Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, “

Committees, Agents, or Receivers, or in the Persons acting as such, or in the said Tenants in Tail,

Tenants by the Courtesy of Etrglarid, or Tenants for Life only, any Settlement or Settlements, Will or

Wills, to the Contrary in ar.y-»wife notwithstanding.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted by trre Authority aforesaid, That no Consent of any Consent of Oc-

Oceupier of Lands in such Common Arable Fields, or of a separate Sheep Walk therein, to any such Cl,^rs no*to

First Agreement, for the ordering, fencingycultivating, and improving of such Common Field*, to be ^r‘t/ej^u ^r*

made by the Authority of or in pursuance of this Act, shall be good and valid, unless such Occupier cy0nd*r the

5X2 shall, Hand of (he

Ffo^rictor*

