jS6 C. 52.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

A.D.

layer, to be

pi carat.

If the Piet is not

found sufficient

in Finenefi, the

AfTayef dull

forfeit 2001*

Overplus of

Money arising

to be applied in

prosecuting Of-

fenders*

1773*

fore tho Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Lords. Com mifltoners of His Majesty’s Treasury for

the Time being, or whom he or they appoint; and that the said Matter of the Mint, or his Deputy,*

piving Notice by shall, by Letter, to be sent by the General Pott, give such Aflayer, whose Diet is to be tried, Notice

Pod to the Af- of the Time and Place appointed for such Trial, that he may be present, if he thinks fit; and shall,

on that Day whereon the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Lords Commissioners of His Ma-

jesty’s Treasury for the Time being, shall appoint, and in the Presence of him or them, or of such Per-

fons to be appointed by him or them, as aforesaid, deliver the said Diet, so received by him as afore-

said, unopened to His Majesty’s Assay-master of the Mint aforesaid, who, in the Presence of the Lord

High Treasurer of Great Brita’ny or Lords Commiftloners of His Majesty’s Treasury, or of such Per-*

fons to be appointed as aforesaid, shall duly act'ay and try the fame by the indented Pieces herein-after

directed to made, in such Manner as by the Persons then present shall be thought necessary, and make

a true Report thereof; and if upon such Trial the fame shall be found agreeable in Finenefs to the said

respective indent Trial Pieces, ot better, that then His said Majesty’s Aii'ay-master shall return the said

Diet to, or to the Order of she Wardens and Assay-master of the Company aforesaid, who are here-

by authorised to sell and dispose thereof; and having entered ihe Produce thereof in the Book of Ac-

counts of the Receipts and Payments relative to the Afl'ay Office from whence such Diet shall be sent,

to pay and apply such Produce for and towards the necessary Expence of such Office.

XXIII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, on the

said Trial, tht said Diet (ha!! be found not agreeable in Finenefs with the said Trial Pieces, accord-

ing to the respective Standards thereof, but worse; that then, and in such Cafe, the AfTayer belonging

to that Company, whose Diet shall be so tried, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds,

to be recovered and disposed of as aforesaid, and shall ever after,be rendered incapable of acting as

an Aflayer.

XXIV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That in case the said Prices, Sums

of Money, or Rewards, hereby given, granted, or allowed, to each Company, in each of the said

Towns respectively, for the allaying and marking Wrought Plate, shall raise more Money than shall

be sufficient to defray the necessary Expences of the said respective Afl'ay Offices, then the Overplus-

Money (if any) shall be respectively applied by each Company, from Time to Time, in the

prosecuting Offenders against this Act; and if such Prosecutions shall not require the Whole of such

Overplus, that then the said Prices, Sums of Money, or Rewards, shall afterv/ards be lessened in pro-

portion by the respective Companies aforesaid; and they are hereby required to take so much less for

the afiaying, trying, and marking. Wrought Plate for the future, as will answer the Purposes afore-

said only, without bringing any Profit to any of the said respective Companies; any Thing herein

contained to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Wardens and Aflayer of

each of the said respective Companies shall, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, make, or

cause to be made, Twq indented Trial Pieces, whereof One shall be of the Standard of Eleven Ounces

Twb Pehhyw^jght of fine Silver, and Eighteen Pennyweight of Alloy in the Pound Weight Troy,

and the other of the Standard of Eleven Ounces Ten Penny Weight of fine Silver, and Ten Penny

lint by the Weight of Alloy in the Pound Weight Troy; and after the said Two Trial Pieces shall be made as

Assay-master. aforesaid, they shall he brought to His Majesty’s Mint in the Tower of London^ and there be affiayed

and tried by His Majesty’s Assay-master; and when the fame shall have been so assayed and tried, and

found to be of the respective Standards aforesaid. One Moiety of each Piece shall be delivered back to

the Aflayer whp brought the fame, and such Moieties shall be deposited by him in his Office as

Guides for trying such rlatc as shall be brought to his Office to be allayed, and the other Moieties

shall remain in His Majesty’s Mint, in the Custody of the Master and Worker for the Time being,

thereby to try the Diet directed to be assayed by His Majesty’s Assay-master as aforesaid.

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each of the said respec-

tive Companies shall, before the Allay of their Diet, yearly and every Year, pay to the Master of His

Majesty’s Mint. Majesty’s Mint, or his Deputy, for the Use of his Deputy, and to the King’s Assay-master, the feve-

ral Sums.following; (that is to say,) To the Master of His Majesty’s Mint, or his Deputy, the Sum

of Three Pounds Three Shillings, and to the King’s Aflav-master the Sum of Ten Pounds Ten

Shillings by way of Recon pence for the Trouble and Expence they will respectively have and incur

by mean* of the Trial of the said Diet, in Manner aforesaid.

. XXVII. And be it further masted'by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to

and for the said respective Companies, Or the major Part of them, and they are hereby authorised and im-

' powered, fiCm Time to Time, to make Bye-laws, Rules, and Orders, for the Well-government and

Management of their respective Offices, and for fixing the Salaries and Rewards of their respective

.Officers, and for fixing the Time and Manner for receiving in and delivering out Plate brought to be

assayed, and for every other Purpose relative to the Conduct cr Management of such Office, so as such

Bye-laws, Rules, and Orders, do not in any Respect contradict this Act, or the Laws of the

Re dm.

Wardens to sub- XXVIII. And be it further^ enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each of the Wardens of the

fcnbe the foi- said Companies shall, after ‘ his Election, and before he takes upon him the Execution of the said

owing Office, take and fubictibe Xhe foliowingf Oath j videlicet,

I A. B.

Two indented

. Trial Pieces to

be asade by the

“ hkb TWO PetlflyWeight

shall be triwlat

the Mint

Sums payable

yearly to rhe

flatter of His

Companies to

nuke B;c4iws.

