A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

C. 68. 583;

fir; an L for such Purpose, to cause any Well or Wells to be dug or funk in such Places (not being a

Vault, Cellar, or other Building, under any of the Streets and Places afore laid) as they shall think, pro-*

per; and also any Pump or Pumps to be eredFd in or near such Places, and also any Pump o: Pumps

now (landing, or which shall hereafter be er.dled, for the Purpose of watering the said Squares, Streets,

Lines, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, to bi removed and altered; and to defray the Ex-

pence thereof out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act, under the

Power of the said Commissioners.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may cause all Trees, Signs, . ,

Sign-pods, Sign-irons, Dyer9, Scourers, and Barbers Poles, or any other Poles, Porches, Pent-houses,

Boards, Spouts, and Gutters, projecting into or over the Highways or Footways, and all other In- moved,

croachments, Projections, or Annoyances whatsoever within the Limits aforesaid, to be taken down St?n9, &c, how

and removed; and shall cause all Signs, Boards, and Gutters, to be affixed and placed clofc to, or on mb*fixed,

the Fronts of the Houses Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings, whereunto they respectivelybelong; and

shall return, or cause to be returned, to the respective Owners, all or so much of such Signs, Sign-

pods, Poles, Sign-irons, Boards, Spouts, and Gutters, as shall not be affixed or put up, or otherwise

made use of in the Alterations directed by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act: And that-

for the future, all Signs, Boards, and Gutters, shall be placed and fixed close to or on the Fronts of

the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings to which they respectively belong, and not other wise:

And if any Person or Persons shall at any Time hereafter hang, place, erect, or build any Sign, Sign-

poll, or other Polls, Sign-iron, Pole, Porch, Pent-house, Board, Spout, Gutter, or other Projcdlion,

Obstruction, or Annoyance whatsoever, or cause the fame to be done, contrary to the Directions afore-

said, and the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every Person so offending, shall, for every fuch/

Offence, forfeit and piy any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor Id's than Forty Shillings, and the

Sum of Five Pounds for every Week, the fame shall be continued.

4 XLVI. And whereas it might tend to the publick Convenience, if all Buildings and Erections Persons refufikp

4 projecting into or upon the Foot-wa/s were taken down and removed, as also ail Doors or Cellars to treat.

4 leading from and out of any of the Squares, Streets, Lancs, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and

4 Places, and all Steps belonging thereto, and all Projections whatsoever and not herein before men—

4 tioned, were taken down, removed, and altered be it therefore further enacted by the Authority"

aforesaid. That if any Person or Persons whomsoever in any wise interested in any of the said Premiles,

upon Thirty Days Notice to them given or left in Writing at the House or Houses, Place or Places

of Abode of such Person or Persons, or at the House, Shop, Sh d, or other Place of the Tenant in

Possession of such Premises, shall neglect or refuse, or shall be incapable to treat, or shall not agree for Value to be-

the Sale of any such Premises, or any Part or Parts thereof, or for their Interest therein; then, and attained in

in every such Cafe, the said Commissioners shall cause the Value of the Premises to be inquired into,

and ascertained by a Jury, in such and the same Manner, and under the fame Powers, Kv/ftriflions,^

and Regulations, as is herein-after directed with respect to the Premises to be purchased for the Pur- charter-hoefc

pose of widening or opening Charter-house Lane, except as is herein excepted. Lane.

XLVII. And be it hereby further enacted, That if any Person shall be intitled, either in Reverfton m my awarded

or Remainder, to any such Premises*, the Money so awarded by a Jury as a Satisfaction^ shall be set- for Piemifcs set*

tied to the same Uses as the Premises were, unless such Person so interested shall coni'ent to give up such d«d tolikeUfei.

rcverfio ary Interest.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,-That in case the Person or Persons to In cafc of Dif_

whom any Money shall be so assessed or due cannot be found, or if by reason of Disputes depending putes,&c.Mo-

in any Court of Law or Equity, or for Default of Evidence, or otherwi e, it shall not appear to n e* to be pa

the said Commissioners what Person or Persons is or are intitled to-the fame.; then, and in all and jpt0 Tr*a-

every such Cafes, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to order the Sum or Sums so assess'cd’u,cr 4 Hl*dv

and awarded to be paid into the Hands of their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, for the

Use of the Parties interested in the said Premises, to be paid to them, and every of them, according to»

their respective Estates and Interests in the said Premises, as the said Commissioners shall, by any. Or-*

der to be by them madeydiredl.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sums of Money., or other Consideration*-

Consideration, Recompence, or Satisfaction to be paid, made, or given, pursuant to any Agreement, Money huw-to*

Award, Judgment, Sentence, Decree, or Determination as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby charged bc Paid^

and chargeable upon all or any Part of such Money or Monies as shall be received by virtue of this

Act, under the Direction of the said Commissioners, for the Purposes of paving, cleansing, lighting,

and watching.

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Houses and Buildings hereafter to

be built or new-frontedy or any Part thereof, within the said Part of the said Parish, shall, for the

effectual and absolute Prevention of all Manner of Projectrons, Annoyances, and Inconveniencies

thereby, rife, perpendicularly from the Foundation; and if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time

or Tunes hereafter, piefume to build or new-front any House or other Building, or any Part thereof,

within the District aforesaid,or cause the fame to he done, or rife other wise than perpendicularly from

furh Foundation, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, by

Writing under their Hinds and Seals, to caule the fame to be pulled do.vn and removed by any Person,

Workmen or Person ., nicy dial! think fit, the Cods and Charges whereof shall be paid and reimbursed:

to the said Com nidu ners by roc Gwner or Owner* l'ucn Houses or Buildings, or other Person or

ordering or directing, the fame and in cale oi such Reiuldl. or. Neglect in paying, or reirobur.-

