A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgix III. C. 31. 191

find by this present A& appointed for the rcndezvoufing of the BufTes or Vessels to be employed in the said Ownm not

Ffhcrics, by or on the respective Days appointed for the Rendezvous of such Buttes or Vessels ; provided cmcd li .bie ro

that such Buttes or Vdiets did really and bona fide take their Departure for such respective Places of Ren- the Bcun-

tkzvous, or one of them, at leatt five Days before the respective Days herein before named and appointed f^ls did de

for the Vessels employed in the said Fisheries to be at such respective Places of Rendezvous, and that such fo/fi/ch resp-r.

Bulks or Vessels be fitted out in all Rcfpe&s conformable to the Directions and Regulations herein before tive Places at the

provided. Time appoinud.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where the respective Bufles in case Bufoi do

employed in the said Fisheries, and taking their Departure for such respective Places of Rendezvous at the not arrive at

reipedive Times before mentioned, shall not arrive at the said respective Stations at Yarmouth, in the their Ren^x"

County of Norfolk \ Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland; Leith, in the County of Edinburgh; Inver- varied!

n-js, in the County of Inverness or to BraJJiy Sound, in Shetland\ Campbeltown, or Oban, in Argyleshire \ y

or Kirkwall, in (Jriney, or one of them, on or before the respective Days herein before directed and ap-

pointed, the before-mentioned Oath, recpiired to be made by the respective Matters of such Buttes or Vef-

uls at their Return into Port for their Discharge, with respe& to so much of such Oath as relates to their

having arrived at such respesttive Piaces of Rendezvous, or one of them, on such Days as is for that Pur-

pose already mentioned and appointed, or either of them, and to their having remained fishing, according

to the Directions of this present Act, may and shall, from henceforth, be varied, and made conformable

to the particular Circumstances attending such respective Buttes or Vessels so quitting their respective Sta-

tions at Sea, from whence the said Fisheries are directed to be carried on, or either of them, or to their not

arriving at any of the said respective Stations of Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk ; Whitehaven, in the

County of Cumberland \ Leith, in the County of Edinburgh \ Inverness, in the County of Inverness \ or to

Brajjey Sound, in Shetland; Campbeltown, or Oban, in Argyleshire \ or Kirkwall, in Orkney, herein before

appointed for the Rendezvous of such Buttes or Vessels ; and that such Oath shall be made and taken by the

M.-tter or other chief Officer of such Buss or Vefl'el so returning into Port for a Discharge.

X I. A n 1 be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons employed P^rfontem-

in the f±v\ iin.cries may fish in any Part of the British Seas, and shall have and exercise the free Use of all ployrd in the

Ports, Harbours, Shores, and Forelands in Great Britain, or the Blands belonging to the Crown of Great

Britain, below the highest High-water Mark, and for the Space of one hundred Yards on any watte or uilof all Ports

uncultivated Land beyond such Mark, within the Land, for landing their Nets, C?.fks, and other Mate- Harbour*, &c.

rials, Utensils, and Stores, and for erecting Tents, Huts, and Stages, and for the landing, pickling, in Britain ami

curing, and reloading their Fitti, and in drying their Nets, without paying any Foreland or other Dues, lhe Island*

or any other Sum or Sums of Money, or other Consideration whatsoever, for such Liberty (except as .thereto btlon£*

herein after is excepted), any Law, Statute, or Ctiftom, to the contrary notwithstanding: And if any108'

Person or Persons shall presume to demand or receive any Dues, Sums of Money, or other Consideration

w hatsoever, for the Use of any such Ports, Harbours, Shores, or Forelands, within the Limits aforesaid,

or shall obttruft the Fishermen, or other Persons employed in the taking or curing of Fish, or drying their

Nets, in the Use of the fame, every Person so offending shall, for every such Oflence, forfeit the Sum of Offends to for*.

one hundred Pounds, to be recovered and levied in Manner herein after directed. fcii lcoi*

XII. Provided always. That nothing in this A<tt contained shall extend to exempt the Vessels or Boats

employed in the said Fisheries from the Payment of such Harbour or Pier Duties as are, and by the Law

ought to be, demanded for Ships, Vessels, or Boats, in Piers or Harbours, which are built or artificially

made, but that such Harbour or Pier Dues shall be paid in like Manner as the fame were liable to be paid

before the patting of this Adh

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Penalty herein before mentioned Penalty to b«

shall and may be prosecuted and determined by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts determined b*

cf Record at U'ejlminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively ; wherein no Essoin, Pro- B,! or

teciion, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed \ and one Moiety oftlon*

such Penalty shall be to the Use of his Majesty, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as will sue

for and prolecutc the fame.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for Comrmffionfr^

the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs for England and Scotland respectively, to order the said Bounty of Customs to.

to be paid by the Receiver-general or Cashier of the Customs for that Part of Great Britain from whence oxAtx;Pavrrc"t

the Buss or Vessel shall have departed as herein before directed, out of any Money in the Hands of such *cccrding°

Receiver-general or Cashier, arising from any of the Duties, Revenues, and Customs, under the Manage- Veii'H, &c. fhaiL

rr rnt of such respective Commissioners 5 and if the Receiver-general or Cashier of the Customs at Edin- hire departed.

hrmrh shall not have sufficient Money in his Hands to pay the said Bounty, the Commissioners of his Ma- Receiver-pmo

jetty’s Customs at Edinburgh, or any three of them, shall forthwith give the Person or Persons intitled to ral of Cmioms

receive such Bounty a Certificate, certifying the fame to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Excise for that al Edinburph

Fart of Great Britain called Scotland; which Certificate, being affixed to the Licence, and other Ccrtifi-

cates and Documents required by Law, and being produced to the said Commissioners of Excise, they the Br^.nu^Coni-

LrJ Commissioners are hereby authorised and required, on Demand, to cause the Money therein certified mifiioAwsto

ar aiorctaid to he due, to he paid by the Receiver-general, or Cashier of the said Excise, out of any give • Crmficats

Monty in his Hands arising from any of the Duties and Revenues under the Management of such Commii- 10tU P",f*nin-

f.oncrc ; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwirhttanding. r

4 XV. And whereas the Revenue in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, hitherto applicable to of Fir.f, \K'i,

4 the Payment of the Bounties granted for the Encouragement of the Rritifn White Herring hilhery, hath

4 liut been fuiEcicni to satisfy and pay the said Bounties for several Vdlcls and Buiics which have pro-

4 cecdul

