A.D. 1773* Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 4.0. ; 7*3

XVIII. And be if enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Orders and Proceedings of the 10

said Commissioners* at any Meeting to be held for the said District by virtue of the fald former Act, or m

of this Act, shall be entered in Books to be provided and kept for that Purpose, and shall be signed by 4

Five or more of the said Commissioners, so assembled at such Meeting, and being so signed, shall be . r-

deemed and t’Jccn to be original Orders; and all such Books, and also the Books hereby directed to be

kept for registering the Securities, Assignments, and Transfers, shall and may be read in Evidence

on all Trials at Law, of any Suits or Actions touching any Thing done in relation to, or in pur-

fuance of, this Act, or of the said former Act: And that no Order which shall be made by the said

Commissioners of the said Second District, or any Five or more of them, at any of their Meetings to w,t 9t oV

be held by virtue of this Act, or of the said former Act, shall be altered, reversed, annulled, or made

void, at any fuMcquent Meeting, unless Notice in Writing, signed by Three of the said Commissioners,.

be delivered to all the Commissioners of the said Second District, signifying for what Purpose such

Meeting is intended to be held. Seven Days before such subsequent Meeting, and affixed on the ,

Market Cross and Church Door of Saint Alary's Church in JVbittleJea in the IJk of Ely, and the Dog

in the Doublet's Sluice on the North Bank of Moreton'* Leant; at which Meeting no less Number than.

Seven of the said Commissioners shall be present, and Five of such Commissioners shall be afienting

to the Rcverfal of such former Order. , . ’

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners for the Engine* an*—

said District, or any Five or more of them, shall cause all and every the Engines and Mills already Mills to be in-*

erected by virtue of the fard former Act, or which shall be erected and employed by virtue of this Act, fwfed*'

to be insured against Fire in feme, of* the public Insurance Offices and, from Time to Time, to pay

the Expence attending such Insurance out of the Monies arising out of the said. former Act, or

this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners. or any Five or more of them, may. Molt Catching.

and they are hereby imperwered, out of the Monies- arising in or upon the said District by virtue of

th is Act, or of the said former Act, to nmke'such Allowance for catching or destroying Moles, or other*

Vermin, in the Banks and Lands belonging to or in the said District, as they the fail Commissioners,

or any Five or more of them, shall think proper.

XXI Provided always, and be it enacted; That from and aftertbe passing of this Act, no Houses NoHousen*

or Buildings shall be erected within the said District, or any other Obstruction whatsoever laid or Building* to bt

placed, (except Stacks of Corn or Hay in Yards already laid out .for that Purpose). or Trees or Holts

planted in the said District, within Forty Poles, being the Pole of Eighteen Feet, of any Mill or

Engine already.built, erected, or employed, for draining the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the |joei.

said District: And if any Person or, renews shall build or erect any House, Barn, or other Building, u . f -

or shall plant any Tree or Holt, or place, lay, or put any other Obstruction in the said District, oroU

within any less Distance than Forty Poles of any such Mill or Engine, or shall plant any Tree or

Holt upon any of the Banks of the said District, or within.Ten Feet of the said Banks, every such Per-

son shall forfeit and pay, for every such House and Building, the Sum of One Hundred Pounds; One

Moiety thereof to be paid to the Person so suing for the fame, and the other Moiety to be paid to the

Receiver or Collector for the Time being for such District, as the Cafe shall happen * such Penalty,

Compensation, and Satisfaction, to be recovered, together with. Double Costs of Suit, by Action of

Debt, Bill Plaint, or Information, rn any of His Majesty’s Courts.of Record at IVeJlmtiJler, in which

no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed y and-

for every. Tree the Sum of One Shilling, and Five Pounds for every Holt or other Obstruction, so.

planted or laid, as aforesaid, within the said District: Which said Penalties of One Shilling and Five,

Pounds, shall and may be recovered by Dili refs and Sale of- the Offender’s Goods and Chattel* within

the said Didrift, by. Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace of the Isle of Ely %

or Counties of Huntingdon or Northampton^ (not interested in the Premises), upon Conviftmn of the

Party so offending before such Justice, which Warrant such Justice is hereby irapowered to issue y am!

the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, are hereby impowered, at any of their Meetings;

by an Order under the Hands and Seals of any Five or more of them, to order their Agents or Servants

to takedown such Buildings so erected, and to pull up and remove such Trees, Holts, and other Ob-

ftructions, so placed contrary to this.Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,. That in case the Owners or Occupiers owner# to

of the Fen Lands and Low Ground* within the said Second District shall, for. Sixty. Days after the up their Soaic.

passing of this Act, neglect or refuse to fill up their several Soak Dikes and Soak Gripples, already cut Dikes andsoAk.

next the several Banks within the said Second District at a less Didance from the said Banks than Sixty Guppies.

Feet from the same, or shall neglect or refuse to make proper Soak Dikes and Soak Gripples at the full

Dittance of Sixty Feet from such Banks; then, and in either of the said Cafes, it shall and may be

lawful for the Commissioners of the said former Act, or of this Act, or any Five or more of them, 10

order their Surveyor to give Notice to such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, that

unless the fame are filled up, or new Soak Dikes or Soak Gripples cut, as the Cafe shall be, ,

pursuant to such Notice, hat then the fame will be filled up, and otliers cut in Manner aforesaid ; and

in case the Person or Persons shall, afar receiving such Notice, neglect or refuse to fill up, make, and

cut the fame, it shall and may, be lawnl for the Commissioners of this Act, or of the said former Act,

or any Five or more of them, to order the surveyor of the said Second District to fill up, or make and

cut the fame, as the Cafe shall be, in such Manner as they shall think proper; and that the Charges of

filling up fitch Soak Dikes or Soak.Giripples, or of making and cutting others in lieu thereof, shall be

home

