676 C. 28. Anno decimo tertio Georgia III. # A.D. 1773.

in like Manner as ocher Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this

Realm.

Byt-iawt, arc. XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to

my be made* an(j for the said Bailies and Council of Greenock^ and their Successors in Office, in Common Council

assembled, at any Time or Times hereafter, to make, ordain, and establish, such Orders, Rules, and

Bye-laws, for the better deepening, clearing, cleansing, and keeping in Repair the Harbours of

Greenock aforesaid } and for the better regulating, governing, and managing, the Jcttees, Piers, Qyays,

and every other the Works erected, or to be erected, made, or set up in the Harbours aforesaid,. and

for the better executing the other Purposes of this Act; and also from Time to Timcra$ Occasion may

require, to repeal, add to, amend, or alter, such Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws, as to them shall Teem

meet, fitting, and requisite, and to fix and appoint reasonable pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding

Forty Shillings Sterling, for the Nonobservance or other Breach of all or any such Rules or Bye-laws,

or any Part of them ; to be recovered and applied in such Manner, and according as the Penalties un-

der Five Pounds Sterling are ordained to be recovered, levied, and applied ; and the said Bailies and

Council, and their Successors in Office, shall cause the said Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws, to be printed

and distributed, and hung up in the most conspicuous Place of the Cudotn-house of Greenock, and to

pay the Expence and Charge thereof out of the Rates and Duties aforesaid.

are to bt XXXII* And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the following Persons shall be Com-

Oammitfioftcn* missioners for allowing, authorising, and confirming, all the additional Piers, Quays, Breads, and other

Works which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, and for directing what Part of the said Work shall

be first begun ; and for inspeding, auditing, and adjuding, the Accounts, and all the Collectors Re-

ceipts anaDisbursements under and by virtue of the fame, for the Ends and Purposes before mentioned ;

that is to say, The Two Bailies and Town Council of Greenock for the Time being, Charles Schaw

Lord Cathcarty and his Heirs ; Sir Michael Stewart of Blackball Baronet, and his Heirs in the Edate of

Ardgowan ; John Schaw Stewart Esquire of Greenock, and his Heirs in the Edate of Greenock ; the Repre-

sentative in Parliament of the County of Ren few for the Time being; Nine Merchants, Inhabitants of

the Town of Greenock, to be nominated as herein-after mentioned ; and the Provod and Dean of Guild

for the Time being ; and Eight Merchants, Inhabitants of the City of Glasgow, to be also nominated

hi Manner as herein-after mentioned, shall be Commissioners for the Ends and Purposes lad men-

tioned.

Wkonaynotbe XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be

Omaaffiaacn. capable of being elected of the Number of the said Nine Commissioners, who for himself (as Owner or

Part Owner of Ships or Vessels belonging to the said Town of Greenock) shall not contribute and pay

yearly, and within each Year, the Sum of Two Pounds Ten Shillings Sterling at lead to the lad-men-

tioned Uses and Purposes of this present Act j and that no Owner, or Part Owner, of any Ships or

' Vessels belonging to the said Town of Greenock, and being Inhabitants of the fame, who shall not con-

tribute and pay as aforesaid yearly, and within the Year, Ten Shillings Sterling at lead, shall be re-

ceived or admitted to vote in the Election of the Nine Commissioners before mentioned,

Tims of First XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to

Meeting for the and for the Bailies of Greenock, and they are hereby authorised and required to call and convene the

choice of Cm- Owners, or Part Owners, of Ships or Vessels belonging to'the said Town of Greenock, being Inhabi-

nUfioBtft. tants of the fame, by publick Advertisements, Fourteen Days preceding the Meeting; and they are

hereby required to meet together in the Town-house of Greenock, at Eleven of the Clock in the Fore-

noon, on the Fird Tuesday of November, One thousand (even hundred and seventy-three. and so year-

ly thereafter on the Fivd Tuesday of November* and then and there elect, nominate, and appoint, by

Plurality of Voices of such as are present. Nine Persons to be Commissioners on their Part, for the

Purposes before mentioned; and that the Nine Persons so elected and chosen shall be and continue

Commissioners under this present Act for One Year afterwards, and until the Fird Tuesday of November

immediately following.

XXXV. Provided always. That none of the said Commissioners, to be nominated as aforesaidr

shall be Members of the Town Council of Greenock at the Time of such Nomination.

Dean of (tail* XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to

of GUljpw «• and for the Dean of Guild of Glasgow for the Time being, and he is hereby authorised and required to

M* 2TIyft> ca^ and convene the Merchants of Glasgow, Owners or rart Owners of Ships or Vessels trading in or

«h^ng*CoiB. belonging to the Port of Greenocky by publick Advertisements in the Glasgow Newspapers. Fourteen

puffiojurs. Days preceding the Meeting} and they are hereby required to meet together at and in the Merchants

Hall of the City of Glasgow, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, upon the Fird Tuesday of Novem-

ber , One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and so yearly, on every following Fird Tuesday of

November, and then and there, by Plurality of Voices of such as are present, to nominate and appoint

Eight Petfons to be Commissioners for the Purposes before mentioned; and that the said Eight Per-

fons so chosen shall continue Commissioners for One Year, and until the Fird Tuesday of November

immediately following.

Aatial Meet- XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an annual General Meeting

ajfoiaud. of the said Commissioners shall be held at the Town-house of Greenock upon the Fird Tuesday of Feb-

ruary in every following Year v and that the said Bailies and Council, and their Successors, shall, at

every such General Meeting, cause to be laid before the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of

them, a true and fair Account of all the Monies which shall have been collected and levied the Year

preceding from the Rates, Duties, Fines, and Forfeitures before mentioned ; and of every Sum or

Sums

