A.D. 1771.

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

C. 42. 233

of the Plague, and coming from the Levant without a clean Bill of Health, shall he landed at any Part of Goods from the

Great Britain or Ireland* or of the Iflcs of Guernfy, Jersey* Alderney* Sark, or Alan, unless it shall ap- Levant liable to

». x L. .. o..! ci - c ’v (f _ _ cl _ l . r t c - rr c 1 . 1 n 1 _ 7 _ r.rv; —

ported into this Kingdom from any Port or Place in the Streights or Levant Seas, except such Ports or ed in Britain or

Places as are within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, and some Doubts have arisen, whether such Ir;!,nd . ,

Raw Sillc and Mohair Yarn, though shipped and laden in the said Str eights and Levant Seas, within the S,!k 2nd Mo<

h :ir Yarn, of

Product of

Dominions of the Grand Seignior, can be legally imported into this Kingdom, rafter having been landed

at Malta, Ancona* Venice, Alejjina, Leghorn, Genoa, or Marfeilies* for the Purpose of being opened and An?,

aired ns aforesaid Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing to ll bede-med

of this Act, any such Raw Silk or Mohair Yarn as shall be or have been shipped in any Port or Place in to be imrotted

the said Streights or Levant Seas, within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, and which shall be after- from ,>l^rn*

wards landed at any or either of the Places herein before particularly mentioned for the Purpose of opening S"

and airing only, and which shall he rc shipped on board the fame Ship from which they were so landed, ni^whae*

shall, upon Importation into this Kingdom, be deemed and taken to have been imported from the Port or such Goods were

Place within the Grand Seignior’s Dominions where such Goods were first shipped, and not from the Place firA dipped,

where they were landed to be opened and aired j any Thing in any former Act or Acts to the contrary

notwithstanding.

CAP. XLII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled. An

Ait to regulate the Trials of controverted ElecMons, or Returns of Members to serve in Par-

liament.

€ VX7 H ER E A S an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An At7 to regulate the

Trials of controverted Elections* or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament: And whereas further

4 Provisions may be necessary to prevent all Obstructions and Difficulties which in certain Cafes may arise

in the Execution of the faiJ Act ;* Be it therefore enacted By the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-

liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the nailing of this Act, if several

Parties, on dittinct Intcrctts or Grounds of Complaint, shall present separate Petitions, complaining of an

undue Election, or Return of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, the fame Notices and Orders

shall be given to all such Parties, or their respective Agents, as by the said Act are directed to be given

Co the fitting Members, or the Petitioners therein mentioned, or their respective Agents.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Clause in the said Act which provides, that no Petition shall be

taken into Consideration within fourteen Days after the Appointment of the Committee of Privileges, be

repealed; and that from henceforth no Petition, complaining of an undue Election, or Return of a Mem-

ber or Members to serve in Parliament, shall be taken into Consideration within fourteen Day's after the

Commencement of the Section of Parliament in which it is presented, nor within fourteen Days alter the

Return to which it relates shall be brought into the Office of the Clerk of the Crown.

III. And be it further enacted, That if at the Time of drawing by Lot the Names of the Members in

Manner prescribed by the said Act, the Number of forty-nine Members, not set afulc nor excused, cannot

be completed, the House shall proceed in the Manner they are directed by the said Act to proceed, in case

there be less than one hundred Members present at the 7 ime therein prescribed for counting the House j

anJ so from Day to Day, as often as the Cafe shall happen.

IV. And be it further enacted, That on the Day appointed for taking any Petition, complaining of an

undue Election, or Return of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, into Consideration, the House

shall not proceed to any other Business whatsoever, except the Swearing of Members previous to the Read-

ing of the Order of the Day for that Purpose.

cf undue Elcdlioni, the Heufc rtiall not preceed to other Business previous to reading

V. And be it further emeted. That if the select Committee shall have Occasion to apply or report to

the House, in relation to Adjournment of the said select Committee, the Absence of the Members thereof,

<t the Non-attendance or Misbehaviour of Wit tidies summoned to appear, or appearing before them, and

the House llull be then adjourned for more than three Day.-, the said select Committee may also adjourn

to the Day appointed for tnc Meeting of the House.

YrI. And be it further entitled. That if, on a Complaint by Petition of an undue Election or Return,

there shall be more than two Parties before the House, on difliiKt Intcrctt, or complaining or complained

of upon different Grounds, whole Right to be elected cr returned may be afficcLd by the Determination

of the said (elect Committee, each of the fai l Parties Pull successivtly (trike otFa Member from the forty-

nine Members to be chosen by Lot, until the said Number be reduced to thirteen, in the same Manner as

by the Lid Act is directed for the (hiking off a Member alternately by the Parties therein mentioned; and

thr Lifts of the forty-nine Members chosen by Lot shall, for this Purpose, be given to all the said Parties,

and the Order in which the faiJ Parties (lull so Prikcoffthe Lid Members shall be determined by Lot after

they arc withdrawn fiooi the Bar, and in such Cafe neither of the said Patties (there being mure dun two)

Vol. XI. II ix shall

Preamble.

Act io Geo. HI.

After paflirg

hereof, Com-

plaint of an un-

due Election,

See. Notice and

Orderi to be

given to Partier

and theirArer.ls.

Clause in Act

io Oeo, 111. re-

pealed.

If at tl.e Time

of Drawing 49

Members cannot

be completed,

the House- jo

proceed in Man-

ner dirreied by

A el 10 Ciro. 111.

On the Day

pointed lor near-

ing Co-TT.pljir.tt

ihj Order.

Manner of ad-

journing the ie-

IcCt Co.i*:n.U5C.

If on Com,plaint

of undue Ei'O

t.on 1 her* u-Ul

be mor- th»n

ivu P u:ti' 5 1 I*

i;.dt li.mrrrt,

each Party shall

iWiki oil a

Member fi >*n

toe 49 succes-

fi'.ely, uni.I re-

duced io l j.

