^34- C." *}i. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

posed of, he {hall be liable to accouht to the Faff or for the apprized Value of the Goods poinded,

which shall make Part of the Fund to he distributed among th£ Creditors,

faftorIntitled to XIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Payments made by a Debtor to his Cre-

rtcover Go^d* -ditors, after an Application for a Sequestration of his personal Estate, under the Authority of this A ft,

and Eflfea* fold, shall be void and ineffectual to the Receivers, in the Event of a Sequestration taking Place; and the

Saim^fEkbt° Ea&or shall be intitled to recover the Monies so paid as Part of the Bankrupt’s Estate; and the Monies so

conveyed unjust- recovered shall make a Part of the Fund to be distributed among the Creditors: And that no Bargain of

ly. Sale of, or Agreement about, any Goods or Effects, or Conveyance of any Ground or Claim of Debt,

y by Alignment, Indorsement, or otherwise, made by a Debtpr after an Application for a Sequestration

of his personal Estate, under the Authority of this Act, for any Cause or Consideration whatever, other

than a fair and adequate Price paid, or to be paid in Money, shall be effectual, in the Event of a Se-

questration taking Place; and the Fa ft or shall be intitled to recover such.Goods and EiFefts, so fold or

' agreed for, and to recover Payment of such Grounds or Claims of Debt so conveyed, by Assignment,

Indorsement, or otherwise, for any Cause or Consideration, other than a fair adequate Price paid, -or

to be paid, as if such Sale, Agreement, or Conveyance, had never been made; and the Eftefts or Debts

so recovered shall make a Part of the Fund to be distributed among the Creditors.

£erfonsdeprived XX. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That ail Arresters and Poinders, who shall

of the Benefit of jje deprived of the Benefit of their respective Diligences in Manner aforesaid, shall be intitled to demand.

Safe to receive anc* to rece*ve Expence laid out by them in prosecuting such Diligences: And that all Persons who

Sxpencesjncur- shall be deprived, in Manner aforesaid, of the Benefit of any Bargain of Sale, or Agreement about any

ted. Goods or Effects, or of any Conveyance of Claims or Grounds of Debt, shall likewise be intitled to

demand, and to receive, all the Expence they may have, bona fide> incurred by the Sale, Bargain, or

Conveyance, being rendered ineffectual.

Court,upon Ap- XXL And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Debtor Lifters the Diligence

plication and to be executed against him, which intitles the Creditor who uses such Diligence to p tition the

Production of Court of Session for a Sequestration, it shall be competent to any other of the Creditors of the Debtor

oun so m, tQ app]y for Scquestration of the Debtor’s personal Estate; and the Court is hereby authorised and

required, upon such Application, and upon Production of the Grounds of Debt of such Petitioner or

Petitioners, and satisfying Evidence of the Diligence having been used, which is prefciibed by this

Act, before a Sequestration can be applied for; and upon an Oath being made to the Verity of the

Debt, in Manner as directed, when an Application is made by the Creditor who has used Diligence,

to grant Wiurai*to grant Warrant for citing the Debtor, in the same Manner as if the Sequestration had been applied

f->r a »ng the for by the Creditor who used the said Diligence, and to proceed in the fame Way and Manner, as if

Debtor, the Application had been made by the Creditor who used the Diligence: Provided always, that no such

Application shall be competent, unless it is made within the Space of Thirty Days from the Time the

Dili* jence was executed, which intitled tWUfer thereof to apply for a Sequestration.

On Apvlintbn XXII. And be it enacted by the Authority- aforesaid, That all Debtors who know themselves tote

Court^fh »rrpro- *n t*le*r Credit and Circumstances, mav apply to the Court of Session in Time of Session, or to

cesd toSecjucftra-the Lord Ordinary Officiating on the Bills, in Time of Vacance, setting forth their Cafe, and offering

tion. to make a fair Surrender of their personal Estate; And upon such Application the Court, or the Lora

Ordinary on the Bills, in Time of Vacance, shall forthwith proceed to Sequestration, appointing a Fac-

for, and to do all other Things required by this Act to be done, when Sequestrations proceed upon the

Petition of Creditors, in Manner before directed.

Debtor* not com- XXIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That if any Debtor shall not, after the Sequestra-

piying with what tion, make a fair and full Suriender of all his or her personal Estate, and of all his or her Hooks, and

is hereby other \Vritings and Documents whatsoever, necessary for discoveringifhd recovering hiis or her personal

edasfr-uHulettt” Estate, or shall not comply with what is required of him or her by this Act, or shall behave in any Re-

Ban kru it*. spect fraudulently, with regard to his or her Creditors, he or she shall be punished by the Court as a

fraudulent Bankrupt, and be excluded from the Benefit of the Action of Cejjio Bomrum.

Nothin?contain- XXIV. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall prevent or affect any Diligence,

~ed to prevcoc or other Proceedings, against the real or heritable Estates of Debtors; but it shall be competent to every

Debtor*^a^a,n^Creditor to follow Yorth the fame in due Course of Law.

Sur lu* after XXV. Provided also, and be jt enacted, That the Surplus of every Debtor’s personal Estate that may

Payment or remain after Payment of his or her Debts, and of the Expence incurred in carrying this Act into Exe*

Debts ro be pud cution, shall be paid over to the Debtor, or to his or her Assigns or Executors.

to the Debtor.

IF the D.bt r XXVI. And it is further enacted and declared. That if any Debtor shall die during the Subftstence

flull diedunng Gf the Scqu stration of his personal Estate, the Proceedings under this Act, norwith(landing thereof,

q^stration °Pro^’(hall be carried on, and followed out, to their Conclusion; and the Factor shall he intitled to fuc for,

cccdi 1 gs to be ”and to recover the D ubtor’s Estate, in the same Manner he would have been intitled to do, if ihe.Dwbtor

earned on. had COftfiri’J.d in Life.

No Fes to be paid XXVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fee shall be paid by any Creditor

for an Oath of to the Cleiks of Court, or any Person whatever, for an Oath of Verity or Credulity as to the Debt

Verity,kc if ih« claimed being due, or for Production of the Interrft or Grounds of Debt of any Creditor, urdcls the

exceefTo|DOt claimed exceeds the Sum of Ten Pounds lawful Money of Great B*it> in.

*tf App-il <ha!l XXVIII. And it is also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Appeal shall he taken against-

betaken > ainst any Order or I/.rerloeutor »-f the Court of Session, or again!! any Act o; Older of the Lord Or.imary

*n inieiiocut«>rf upon the Bills in runes of Vacance, it shall Ix lawful and competent 10 the said Court, in Time oY

Session,

