A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo <?bore 11 III. C. 65* 6®.' 56

Trebk Costs, and hm "the Klee Remedy for (he firme, >9 any Defendants have in other Cafes by

Law.

XXXVIII. And be it fartheroiia&ed by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, PuWicfc Act,

adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges,

Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXV.

An Act to extinguish the Right of Common upon an Acre of Ground called Whitt

or Hangman*s Acre, in Saint George's Fields, in the County of Surrey.

WHEREAS the Prison called The House of Cor rest ion, in the Borough of Southwark, in the Pisamble*

County of Surrey, is too final), unhealthy, inconvenient, and uniafe, and Persons com-

4 mitted to the said Prison for Felony cannot be kept separate from those committed for small Mif-

4 demeanors, which greatly tends to the Ruin and entire Corruption of the latter: And whereas it hw,

4 upon Inquiry, been found absolutely necessary to rebuild the said Prison in a more convenient

4 Situation: And whereas the County of Surrey is seised or possessed of an Acre of Ground in Saint

4 George's Fields, called White Lyon, or Hangmans Acre, situate near the King's Bench Prison, which is

4 a proper Place for erecting the said House of Corredion: And whereas the Justices of the Peace,

4 at the Quarter- feflton of the Peace held for the said County, on the Fourteenth Day of January, One

4 thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, did unanimously agree to build a new House of Corredion

4 on the said Ground; but as the Owners of certain Lands in Saint George's Fields have a Right of

4 Common for their Cattle, at certain Times of the Year, upon the said Acre, promiscuously with

4 other Lands, (though such Right is of no real Value with respect to the said Acre), the Building

4 cannot be erected unless such Right be extineuished, which cannot be done without the Authority of

4 Parliament: May it thereioie please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem- '

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That

from and after the passing of this Act, all Right of Common, or Common of Pasture, in, over, and ^Right of

upon the said Acre of Land called White Lyon, or. Hangman's Acre, shall cease, determine, and be for Common upo»

ever extinguished. White Lyon

Acre tad be exin*uiihed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this A d shall be taken and allowed, Vdbtisk

in all Courts, as a Publick Act; and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to take Notice thereof,

without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough and Fo-I

reign of Kidderminster9 in Parish of Kiddermnjler, in the County of fVorcefitr.

WHEREAS in the Borough and Foreign of Kidderminster, in the Parish of KiJderminster, in PretmHt*

the County of Worcester, there is carried on a large and extensive Manufactory, which employs

4 several thousand people, many of whom contract Small Debts, which in the Whole amount yearly to a

4 great Sum of Money; and although such Debtors are well able to pay their respective Debts, yet they

4 often refuse so to do, presuming on the Discouragements their Creditors lie under from the great Ex-

4 pence they are unavoidably put unto, and the Delays they meet with in suing for the fame: And as

an easy and speedy Method of recovering Small Debts within the Borough and Foreign of Kidder-

4 minster, in the Parish of Kidderminster aforesaid, will greatly contribute to promote InJuftry, and iup-

4 port and encourage Trade and Credit therein; may it therefore please Your most Excellent Majesty

that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad-

vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

aflemMcH, and by the Authority of the same, That the Bailiff, Recorder, High Steward, Lord of the Ma- Who »tt to h%

nor, Justice, Aldermen, and Common Council of the Borough of Kidderminster for the Time being, and Commissionexi*

the Persons herein-after named, residing or having Estates within the Parish of Kiddermhjler aforesaid 3

that is to say, The Reverend Robert Job Charlton Doctor of Laws, Abraham Turner, James John float, M.D.

-Adam Hough, the Reverend John Martin Clerk, Francis Clare, John Folliott, William Williams, Thomas

Newnham, William JVheeler*, the Reverend Job OrtonQ\erk, Joseph Harper, the Reverend Benjamin Faivcett

Clerk, William Wallis, Jojsfh Callow, Daniel Be/l, Richard Colley, John Butler, Gregory Watkins, FrancisBefl,

John Watson, Poehin Lifer, John Jefferyes, Joseph Aujlin, Joseph Lea, Matthew Jefferyes, Timothy Dob fen,

Josiah Lea, William Lea, John Couper, William Befl, William Roberts, Edward Crane, Chrijhfher Itunt,

Samuel Crane, Serjeant Crane, John Crane, William Tate, Thomas Crane, William Doelittle, Nicholas Pear-

Jail, George Boraston, Benjamin Pearce, Nicholas Pearfall junior, John Brecknell, Joseph Jones, Joseph Breck-

nell, Benjamin Brecknell, John Spencer of Hurcot, Timothy Brookes, Thomas Woodward, John Mole, Mat-

thew Wilson, John White, Andrew Cooper, John Cooper, Thomas Cooper, Joseph While, Joseph Patrick, John

4C J Spencer

