846 C. 78.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

A.D. 1773.

Prttable.

On Sept. 21,

yearly, a List is

to be made

of at least Ten

Persons, by the

Coostables, Ac.

at the usual

Plate of pub-

lick Meeting*.

Qualification of

Surveyor*,

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the Statutes now in

being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Publick Highways within that Part

of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes. \

f IT 7 HEREAS the Laws now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the Highways of

c< VV that Part of Great Britain called England require some Explanation and Amendmentmay it

therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

pro lent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from henceforth, upon the

Twenty-second Day of September, in every Year, unless that Day shall be Sunday, and then on the

Day following, the Constables, Headboroughs, Tythingmen, Churchwardens, Surveyor of the High-

ways, and Householders, being assessed to any Parochial or Publick Rate of every Parish, Township,

or Place, shall assemble together at the Church or Chapel of such Parish, Township, or Place, or if

there shall be no Church of Chapel, then at the usual Place of publick Meetings for such Parish,

Township, or Place, at the Hour of Eleven in the Forenoon : And the major Part of them, so affirm-

bled, {hall make a List of the Names of at least Ten Persons Jiving within such respective Pari/bes,

Townships, or Places, who each of them have an Estate in Lands,1 Tenements, or Hereditaments,

lying within such respective Parish, Township, or Place, in their own Right, or in the Right of their

"Wives, of the Value of Ten Pounds by the Year; or a personal Estate of the Value of One hundred

Pounds ; or are Occupiers or Tenants of Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the yearly

Value of Thirty Pounds : And if there shall not be Ten Persons having such Qualifications as afore-

said, then they shall insert in such Lift the Names of so many of such Persons as are so qualified, as

above required, together with the Names of so many of the most sufficient and able Inhabitants of such

Parish, Township, or Place, not so qualified, as shall make up the Number Ten, if so many can be

found; if not, so many as shall be there resident, to serve the Office of Surveyor of the Highways:

plicate of And the Constable, Headborough, or Tythingman, of such Parish, Township, or Place, shall,

if* shall be within Three Days after such Meeting, transmit a Duplicate of such Lift to One of the Justices of

f !he Taf-the Peace within the Limit of the County, Riding, Division, Hundred, City, Corporation, Freeing,

and the * or Liberty, where such Parish, Township, or Place, shall lie, living in or near the fame; and shall

also return and deliver the original Lift, made and agreed upon at such Meeting, to the Justices of the

Peace, at their Special S (lions to be held for the Highways within that Limit, in the Week next after

th z Michaelmas General Quarter Sections of the Peace in every Year; and shall also, within Three

Days after making the said Lift, give personal Notices to, or cause Notices in Writing to be left at,

the Places of Abode of the several Persons contained in such Lift, informing them of their being so

named, to the Intent that they may severally appear before the Justices at the said Special Sections to

accept such Office, if they shall be appointed thereto, or to shew Cause, if they have any, against

The Justice* ire their being appointed : And the said Justices are hereby authorised and required to hold such Special

to nive 10 Dj>* Sessions at such convenient Place or Places within their respective Limits, as they in their Discretion

Kv.ticcofUd Flial) judge proper; and to give Notice of the Time and Place where they intend to hold the fame to

£<?nstoCt?e " the Constables, Headboroughs, or Tythingmen, of every such Parish, Township, or Place, at least

ConftaMcs, Ac. Ten Days before the holding of the said Sdfion ; and the said Justices, then and there, from the said

and. may appoint Lifts, according to their Diicretion, and the Largeness of the Parish, Township, or Place respecHvely,.

from the Lift* by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, shall appoint One. Two? or more of such Persons, as afore-

Survt^ra*1^ °*la^’ he or they shall, in the Opinion of such Justices, be qualified for the Office of Surveyor, if

ju^ge not> OncS T wo, or more of the other substantial Inhabitants or Uccupierrof Lands, Tenements*,

fit, if they rtiali Woods, Tithes, or Hereditaments, within such Parish, Township, or Place, living within Three

in the Op mon Miles thereof, and within the same County, fit and proper to serve the Office of Surveyor of the

of thi Justi.es Highways for such Parish, Township, or Place, if any such can be found ; which Appointment shall,

the^Oiftce^ for ^y the Constabks, Headboroughs, or Tythingmen, aforesaid, be notified to every Person so appointed

ifnotj.Mhcr In- by the said Justices, within Three Days after such Appointment, by serving him with the said War-

habitantsor rant, or by leaving the fame, or a true Copy thereof, at his House, or usual Place of Abode ; and*

Occupiers, &c. every Peilon so appointed, if he accepts the said Office, shall be Surveyor of the Highways for the said

Parish, Township, or Place, for rhe Year enruing, and shall take upon him and duly execute the Office

aforesaid ; and the said Justices shall then and there give such of the said Surveyors as shall personally

appear before them a Charge, for the better Perfutmance of thtir Duty, according to the Directions of

this A<£t: And if any ol the ftftd Perions, lo appointed, w hose Names were contained in such Lift, and

vvno were served with the said Notice, shall rtfufc or negle^ft to appear at the said Special Sections, and

accept the said Office, if appointed thereto, in Manner aforesaid, or shall not, within Six Days after,

being served with such Warrant of Appointment, signify his Acceptance thereof, either in Person, or

by V riling, to One of the said Justices, he shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds ; and in case any

Person so appointed by the said Justices, whose Name was not contained in such Lift, shall refuse or

» Charg? for ihe neglect to accept the said Office, or Hull not, within Six Days after being served with such Appoint-

or’^! men t, shew to One of the Justices signing such Appointment, sufficient Cause why he should aot

Persons appoint- serve tuch Office, be ffiallforfeit the Sum of Fifty Shillings; Prowled that no Person who hath been

appointed:

tices.

_ origin!1 Lift to

the Special Sef»

fioni, by the

Cor-liable, &c.

Notices to the

Person* contain-

ed in the Lift.

which Appoint-

ment shall be

notified to the

Persons named

by the f on-

Mal les, Ac. ;

ana the Sur-

vey cr shall hold

h*a Office for

One Ye^r.

Justices to give

#4 from the Lift

