666

Protlfoci, Sec.

of 4 Geo. II.

not repealed ky

tkii Act.

Not to abridge

or alter the Act

5 Geo. 1.

Not to defeat

any Right

Tested in an«-

other Person on

the last Day of

this Session.

NtlmWe,

Act 6 Geo. III.

C. 22r Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. . Aw D. 1773.

4 expedient that the Kingdom should not be deprived of such Subjects, nor lose the Benefit of the

4 Wealth that they have acquired 5 and therefore that not only the Children of such natural-born

€ Subieds, but their Children also, should continue under the Allegiance of His Majesty, and be in-

* tifuled to come into this Kingdom, and to bring hither and realize, or otherwise employ, their

4 Capital ; but no Provision hath hitherto been made to extend farther than to the Children born out

4 of the Ligeance of His Majesty, whose Fathers were natural-born Subjects of the Crown of Eng-

4 land, or of Great Britain:' May it therefore please Your most Excellent Majesty that it may be

enacted;. and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same. That all Persons born, or who hereafter shall be born, out of

the Ligeance of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain, whose Fathers were or {hall be, by virtue

of a Statute made in the Fourth Year of King George the Second, to explain a Clause in an Act

made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her Ivhjesty Queen Anne, for naturalizing Foreign Pro-

testants, which relates to the natural-born Subjects of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain,

intitled to all the Rights and Privileges of natural-born Subjects of the Crown of England ox of Great

Britain, shall and may be adjudged and taken to be, and are hereby declared and enacted to be, na-

tural-born Subjects of the Crown of Great Britain, to all Intents, Conflrudions, and Purposes what-

soever, -as if he and they had been and were born in this Kingdom: any Thing contained in an

Ad of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further

Limitation of the Crown, and letter securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, to the Contrary in

any-wife notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this

present Act contained shall extend, or be construed, adjudged, or taken to extend, to make any Per-

sons born, or to be born, out of the Ligeance of the Crown o( England, or of the Crown of Great

Britain, to be natural-born Subjects of the Crown of Great Britain, contrary to all or any of the Pro-

vifoes, Exceptions, Limitations, and Restrictions, contained in the aforesaid Act, made in the Fourth

Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, or to repeal, abridge, or alter the fame; but all such

Clauses shall be, and remain in the fame State, Plight, and Condition, to all Intents, Construction?,

and Purposes whatsoever, as they would have been if this present Act had never been made.

JII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this present

Ad contained shall extend, or be construed, adjudged, or taken to repeal, abridge, or any-ways alter,

an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An

Act to prevent the Inconveniencus arising from seducing Artificiers in the Manufactures of Great Britain,

into Foreign Parts $ nor to repeal, abridge, or any ways alter, any Law, Statute, Custorn or Usage

whatsoever, now in Force, concerning Aliens, Duties, Customs, and Impositions, nor to cause any

Privilege, Exemption, or Abatement relating thereto, in favour of any Person naturalized by virtue of

this Act* unless such Person shall come into this Realm, and there inhabit and reside, and (hill take

and subscribe the Oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe the Declaration appointed by an Act,

made in the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for

the further Security of His Majesty s Person and Government:, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs

of the late PrinceJ's Sophia, being Protejtants, and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of

Wales, and his open and secret Abettors, in such Manner and Form, and at such Place and Places as

are in and by the said Act directed, and also receive the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, a cording

to the Usage of the Church of England, or in some Protestant or refoimed Congregation within this

Kingdom of Great Britain, within Three Months before their taking the Oaths in the said Act

mentioned 5 and {ball, at the Time and Place of taking and subscribing the faiJ Oaths, and of the

making, repeating, and subscribing the said Declaration, produce a Certificate signed by the Person

administering the said Sacrament, and attested by Two credible Witnesses, whereof an Entry shall be

madejof Record in the Court and Courts respectively wherein such Oaths shall have been taken and

subsewbed, without any Fee or Reward.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall

be enabled hereby to defeat any Estate, Right, or Interest, which upon the last Day of this Session (hill

be lawfully vested in any other Person, or<to claim or demand any Estate or Interest, which (hill here-

after accrue, unlefis such Claim or Demand be made within Five Years next, after the fame shall accrue.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to continue tn Act made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled.

An Act to regukte the Loading of Ships with Coalsf in the Ports of Newcastle and Sun-

derland. . . ..

* T'I7 HEREAS an Act was made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty. intituled, An Act

4 VV to regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals, in the Ports ^Newcastle and Sunderland ; which

‘ was to continue in Force for Seven Years : And whereas th« said Act has proved useful to the Qoal

i Trade;’ may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by, the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

poral,

