A.-D,

1773, Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 77. 84.3

XV. And it is hereby alt) enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That put of all or. any the Aids or N°texceeding

Supplies aforesaid, there {hall and may be issu?d and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceed- d* towafds

ing Two hundred eighteen thousand four hundred and sixty Pounds, Thirteen Shillings and Ten- char&tZi'the

pence, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service for the Year One thousand seven office of Ord-

hundred and seventy-three. nancein 1773.

XVI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids

or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not ex-

ceeding Seventeen thousand nine hundred fiLy-four Pounds, Four Shillings and Seven-pence, for

defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not

provided for by Parliament, in One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

XVII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids

or Supplies aforesaid, there {hall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money hot ex-

ceeding One Million five hundred and six thousand four hundred and .two Pounds Seven Shillings and

Three-pence, and Seven-eighth Parts of a Penny, for and towards maintaining His Majesty’s Land

Forces, and other Services, herein-after more particularly expressed 5 that is to say, Any Sum or Sums

of Money not exceeding Six hundred sixteen thousand eight hundred ninety-five Pounds, One Shil-

ling and Ten-pence, for defraying the Charge of Seventeen thousand and seventy effeSive Men, com-

nuilioned and non-commissioned Officers included; and including One thousand five hundred and

twenty-two Invalids for Guards, Girrifons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain,

ferfy, and Guernsey, for the Year One thoufaiyF seven hundred and seventy-three ; and any Sum or

Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred eighty-six thousand nine hundred thirty-five Pounds,

Five Shillings and Ten-pence, and One-eighth Part of a Penny, towards further maintaining His Ma-

jesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca

and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gib-

raltar, the ceded Ifhnds, and Africa, for the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three; and

any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand five hundred and three Pounds, Nfne Shil-

lings, and Five-pence, for defraying the Charge of the Difference of Pay between {he British and Irish

Eitabli foment of Six Battalions and Three Companies of Foot, serving in the Isle of Many at Gibraltar,

Minorca^ and the ceded Klands, for the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three ; and any

Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eleven thousand four hundred seventy-three Pounds,

Eighteen Shillings and Sixpence Halfpenny, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in

Great Britain, for the Year One thousand leven hundred and seventy-three; and any Sum or Sums of

Money, not exceeding One hundred and eleven thousand one hundred twenty-seven Pounds, Five

Shillings, and I'en-pence, upon account of the reduced Officers of His Majesty’$ Land Forces and

Marines, for the Year One thousand seven hundred'and seventy-three; and any Sum or Sums erf

Money, not exceding One thousand one hundred forty-eight Pounds, Tert Shillings,1 sots defraying

the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse

Guards reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the

Year One thou find seven hundred and seventy-three ; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding

Six hundred and twenty-eight Pounds, for the paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Of-

ficers of H s Majesty’s Land Fortes and Marines as died upon thelEftablishment of Half Pay in Great

Britain, and who were married to them before the Twenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand seven

hundred and sixteen, for the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three; and any Sum or

Sums of Money, not exceeding One hundred twenty-two thousand ’nine hundred eighty-two Pounds,

Three Shillings and Nme-pen-ce, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of Out-pensioners of

Chelsea HoJ'pital, for the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three ; and any Sun or Sums

of Money, not exceeding Two hundred forty-nine thousand feveiV hundred'and eight Pounds, Twelve

Shillings and One Penny Farthing, towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s

Land Forces, and other Services incurred between the Twenty-fifth Day of February O-nc thousand

seven hundred and seventy-two, and the Eighth Day of Marchy Oise thousand seven hundred and

Lventy-three, and not provided for by Parliament.

the supperannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards j not exceeding 6,028 1. to the Pensions of Officers Widows ; 111,9821.

Gut-penfvme s ofChelfea Hospitil; 249,70?!. ii s. I d. xij. towards .extraordinary Expences of the Land Forces, and ocher Services

not provided for.

*7>954- h 4 s*

7d. for

Charges of the

Office of Ord-

nance not pro-

vided for in

1772.

1,506,402 1.7 sv

3 d. and 7'Sths

of a Penny, to-

wards (he Land

Forces ;

of whi h

616,895 1. 1 s.

10 d. for de-

fraying the

Charges of

17,073 effective.

Men, See,

and 1522 Inva-

lids, for Guards,

6cc. in Great

Britain, &c.

Not exceeding

386,935!. 5«.

10 d. and i-8th

Part of a Penny*

for Forces and

Garrisons i*

Africa, &c. and

for Provisions for

the Forces

abroad

55°3.1 9 s* 5 d*-

to make good

the Difference of

Pay between the

Britishi apd Inth

Establishrnent of

the Troops in

th« 10*'of Man;

dec. j

M,473 1. 18 s.

6 *d. 2 q. for

General and

General SrafF

Officers in Great

Britain 5

111,127 1. 5 si#

10 d. t# the re^

duced*Officers &F

the Land Forces-

and Marines;

1148 1. 10 s. to

the Two Troops

of Horse Gv’a’d?

reduced, and tO'

3 s. 9 d. to the.

incurred and

XVIII. And it hereby also mailed by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids 1,300,000!.

or Supplies aforesaid, there {hall and may be issued and applied the Sum of One million eight for discharging*

hundred thousand Pounds, for paying, off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of Exchequer Bil;s

an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Atlfor raifenz a certain Sum of Aloney by0*^1*'*

Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven. hundred and seventy-twoy and

chared upon the first Aids to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

XIX. And it is hereby also mailed by the Authority aforesaid, That out allf or any of the Aids Not exceeding

or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and- nyuy be.jflucA and applied thq Sum of Six thousand two hundred 62001. to make

Pounds, to make good to HU Majesty the like Sum whiqb has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, in

gurfuance of the Addreires of the House of Cjornpions^ . . ; sumitfuedm

. pursuance of the

Addresses of the House orCommons*

XX. Ani

