A.D. 1771. Anno tmdecimo Georgii IIL C. 26. 155

the fa id Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, That it may be enacted, and be

rt enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiri-

tual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame. That all and every the Tolls, which are now payable by Prescription, for the Passage over London- ToTjs now?1y.

hi id?fy shall, from and after the Time in and by the said in part recited Act limited for the Continuance *bic by Prefer ip.

thereof, have further Continuance, and be paid and payable to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citi- ion to be mn-

yens, until the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and no longer; any tinued nil March

Thing in the said A ft contained, or any other Law, Usage or Prescription, to the contrary thereof in l5> 17 a*

anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, shall, as soon as ti^ to

conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, cause the said thirty thousand Pounds to be laid out and ,lie

invclied in the Purchase of some of the public Funds, or placed out at Interest upon Government or real V*n°he

Securities; and, from time to time, until such Reimbursement to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and pubu r inds 7

Citizens, as aforesaid, shall be completed, pay and apply the Dividends, Interest, and Proceed thereof,

to the Purposes to which the said Tolls are appropriated by the said in part recited Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, shall, on or be- and, before

fore the said twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, by, with, or out of Macli

the net Produce of the Funds or Securities in or upon which the said thirty thousand Pounds shall be then Vt™"

veiled or placed ; and the Interest, Dividends, or Proceed thereof, which shall then have arisen or accrued, Gf t^e ®cafc 6f

from and after such Reimbursement to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, as aforesaid, pur- the Toll*,

chafe the then remaining Term of and in the said Lease of the Tolls, and keep, place, or lay out the

Residue thereof at Interest upon Government or real Securities, or in the Purchase of the Freehold and

Inheritance of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, as to the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons,

in Common Council assembled, shall seem meet, in Trust, for the Uses, Intents, and Purposes, to which

the said Tolls were applicable before the passing of the said in part recited Act.

4 IV. And whereas, after reciting that it might, for the greater Regularity or Beauty of the Streets, Clause in A&7

4 Ways, or Passages, to be improved by virtue of the said Act, as of the twenty-ninth Year of King Gco*Hh

4 George the Second, be proper to build Houses, or Parts of Houses, on some Part of the Ground and Soil

4 of the said Streets, Ways, or Passages, or on some Part of the former Channel of Bridewell Dock, it is

4 by the said Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty enacted. That it should and might be lawful

4 to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, for and in Confi-

4 deration of such Sum and Sums of Money, or yearly Rent or Rents, to be paid into the Receipt of the

4 Chamber of the said City of London, as they should think reasonaWe, to grant to the Owner or Owners

4 of the Freehold and Inheritance of the House or Houses fronting any such Street, Way, or Paflaee,

4 Licence or Licences, under the Common Seal of the said City, to build upon and inclose so much of the

4 Ground and Soil, in the Front of the said respective House or Houses, as they should think fit to be built

4 upon, for the Reasons aforesaid ; and that the Ground and Soil so built upon, in pursuance of such Li-

4 cence or Licences, should for ever, or for and during the Time or Term to be expressed in such Licence

4 or Licences respectively, be annexed to and enjoyed with the adjoining Freehold; any Law, Usage, or

4 C.iftorn to the contrary notwithstanding: And whereas it has happened, and may happen, that the

4 Owner or Owners of the Freehold and Jnhcritance of the House or Houses fronting some of the said

4 Sheets, Ways, or Passages, cannot be found, or is or are unwilling to build, and the Tenants of such

• Ground, having Leases thereof for Jong Term of Yean, would be willing to build upon the Ground

4 and Soil in the bront thereof, if they might obtain such Licences, and be secured in the free Enjoyment

4 of the said Ground and Soil, during the Tctiti for which they refoeftively hold their said Houses,

4 whereby the Regularity and Beauty of the said Streets, Ways, and Passages, would be sooner accom-

4 p’ifhcdBe it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen M*yor, fcc. m*y

and Commons, in Common Council assembled, for such Considerations as aforesaid, to grant such Licence grant Licences

or Licences to the Tenant or Tenants of the House or Houses fronting any of the said streets. Ways, or to Tenants, on

P-fljgrs, having Leases for long Terms, of which there shall be at least thirty-five Years then to come ££a,n.CoB*

anJ unexpired ; and that the Ground and Soil which shall be built upon by Order or in pursuance of such !iuC,4tlcnc*

Licence or Licences, together with the Dwellings and Buildings thereon, shall forever be annexed to and

enjoyed with the House or Houses thereunto respectively adjoining, by the several Persons interested therein,

according to their several Lftates and Interests in the fame; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary

thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That nothing in this, or in the said former Act con- Nothing Win,

tained, shall give to any Person or Persons whomsoever, except the Owner or Owners of the Freehold or in the h.imcr

and Inheritance of the said House or Houses, or the Lessee or Lefl’ecs thereof, who shall have such Terms *renuimu,

remaining therein as aforesaid, any Right or Power to build on the said Ground, lying before the said L

Houses rcipectivi-ly ; any T hing herein, or in the said former Act contained, to the contrary thereof in bui*dje/erpt CU

anvw.fr not with Ih'jndirg. Owner*.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be paid for SurrspaiJt.r

any Licence or Licences, to be granted by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall be, and the fame is and Lic-nce?, i.o*-

arc hereby appropriated to the Uics, Intents, and Purposes to which the Monies and Rents payable for the bc

Licences mentioned in the said in part recited Act, arc thereby appropriated, and to or for no other Use,

lnfent, or Purpose whatsoever.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Per-

fs>n or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in

X 2 such

^.ooooie

