The TITLES of

IVeetr, in the Manor of TVolfingham, in the County

Palatine of Durham.

43. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Onen

Fields, Lands, and Giounds, within the Township or

Lgrr.ship of I Tilt on, in the Parish of Ellerburn, in the

Nor^n Riding of the County of York.

44. An Aci U* •‘ividing and inclosing certain Open and

Common F Jds, Meadows, Patturcs, Furze, and

Wafre Gto mds, in the Parish of Thorpe on the Hilly in

tin* Lrunty o Lincoln•

45. An Act for dividing ai d inclosing the Common and

\\V e Lr:t L witniii »hr Manor of Snmtnu^n, in tire

Partin of L bton. in the Counry of Jf'anvick.

46,. An Art lor dividing and inilofir.g fvvrral Open and

Ct;(nr,.«):i Fields, Common Meadows, and other Com*

n < na. ie Lands and Places, within the Pari'h of Naf-

fer i% and Chapelry of Birmingham, in the County of

Il'orctjlcr.

47. An Act to enable Robert Atloorpe Blanchard F.fqurc,

now called Rclert Athorpe Athorpe. and his Heirs Male,

to take and use the Surname of Athorpe only, pursuant

to the Will of Henry Athorpe Enquire, deceased.

a8. An Act for naturalizing Jcfpb Franc/.

49. An Act for vetting certain T cnements and Heredita-

ments in the Counties of Oxford, Berks, and Halts,

Part of the u tiled Estates of the Earl of Macclesfield, in

Trustees, to be sold or exchanged; and the Money

arising thereby to be laid out in the Purchase of other

Lands, Te tment*, and Hereditaments, to be settled

to the fame Dies; and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

50. An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Ca-

thedral Church of H'orccjhr, to make and establish an

Exchange of certain Lands and Premises, in the

County of IVjrcester, for other Lands and Premises in

the said County, belonging to Thomas Foley Esquire-

51. An Act to irr power the Wardens, Preceptor, or

Matter of the Scholars, and Poor People of the Alms-

house or Hospital of JefuSy in Gijburn, in Cleveland, in

the County of York, to convey a certain Messuage,

and divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, the

Lftate of the said Alms-house or Hospital, unto Charles

Turner, of Khkleatham, in the said County, Esquire,

and his He»rs ; anJ to enable the said Wardens, Pre-

ceptor or Matter of the Scholars and Poor People of

the Alms House or Hospital of Jesus, to carry into

Execution an Agreement with the Reverend Henry

Ifewgill, of Hornby Grainge, in the said County of

7ltk% CL;k, for the Purchase of a certain Messuage or

'J eminent, Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of

darkly, in the North Riding of the said County, of

greater Value, to be conveyed to, and held by them

and their Succeilbrs, for the Use, Benefit, and Ad-

vancement of the Lid Charity.

52. An Act for efforting an Exchange of Lands, between

Chat les Turner E'quirt, and the Matter,. Feilows, and

Scholars, of Trinity College in Cambridge,

5}._An Act for nominating a Person^ in the Room of

Khavas Cartwright Jfquire, deceased, to join with

Lacacth Cartvjright Widow, in directing the Sale of

such Parr o- Parts of the settled Estates of the said

clhjmns Cartwright, deceased, as they fh all I think pro-

per, t<»r railing Five thousand seven hundred Pounds,

and for otner Purposes.

54. An Act to t-m ih!e f‘-me- Theobald Esquire, to carry

into Execution an Agreement for Sale of certain H *re-

di-ain nts, iituave at White IValtham, in the County of

Ri'ksy (Part of his settled Eltates), to the Reverend

the STATUTES.

William Reid; and for laying out the Money arising by

such dale in the Purchase of other Lands and Heiolita-

ments, to be settled to the Uses to which the said

settled Eltates do now stand linmed.

55. An Act to enable the Rertor of the Parish Church of

Stockporty in the County of Chcflc^, for the Time b -

ing, to grant Leases of Part of the Glebe Lands belong-

ing to the said Rectory, and to exchange Part of the

fa’d (ji be Lands, anJ other Lands in the Township

of Stocfmt aforesaid. between Sir George Hdrrn

Knight >1 the Bath, Patron of the Ad vow Ion of the

laid Rerto v, and 'John IVatCon, present Rertor of the

Parilii and P idn Cnurcn ot Stockport aforesaid.

56. An Act :’oi dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Patiu e Grounds, Ings, and Oimmon or Watte

Ground, w irhin the Township of Ea/i Cjttingiviiht in

the E.ilt Rid ing of the County of York.

57* An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable

Fields, iV a ow and Pasture (grounds, within the

Town anu T err Tories of Bur ft-wick and Shecklingy ill

the Parish of Id ckling cum Burdic k in Holder nefs, in

the Eutt Riding rt the County of York.

5*T An Art t >r Voiding, allotting, and inclosing the

Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable

Lands, and Co i v ans, within ihe Manor, Pa. ifh,

Township, and 1. thirties of Houghton cum IJit ton, in

tile County of Huntingdon*

59. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Com-

mons and Watt<* Grounds, within the Manor and

Township of Waif grave, otherwise Fj//grave, in the-

Parish of Scarborough, in the North Riding of the

County of York.

bo. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Co mon Field, and Commonable Land, lying within

the Townships, Liberties, and Precincts of Broad Sib-

ford, otherwise Si ford Gower, and Burdrup, in the

Parish of Swalclffe, in the County of Oxford.

61. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the

Open or Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, Com-

monable Places, and other Lands and Grounds, with-

in the 'Township of JHhiigreave, in the County of

Stafford.

62. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open

Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of IThitton,

in the County of Lincoln.

63. An Act for diviJing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Open and Commonable Fields, Meadows, Lands, and

Waste Grounds of, within, and belonging to, the

Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Prejhn, in the Coun-

ty of Rutland.

64. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Common 1 ields of New bold upon Avon, in the County

oi INarwick, and Long Lauford Heath, in the Parish of

Newbold aforesaid.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Com-

mon Fields, Meadow Grounds, and Common Fens,

in the Parish of Hackonby, in the County of Lincoln.

66. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons*

Wattes, and Common Fields, in tine ParPnes of

Tingewick and Rude live cum Chuck more, in the County

ot Bucks-

67. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors,

Commons, or T racts of W atte Land, witmn the

Parish and Manor of Lanchgler, in the County Palatine

of Durh am.

68. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting a cer-

tain Common, or Parcel of Watte Land, called Kin-

fare and Compton Common, within the Manor and

1 Pamh

