A.D. 1772^ Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 37. 469

neglect to remove the fame in such Manner as the said Gommissioners, or the major Part of them, or

their Agents, Officers* or Workmen shall require, by the Space of Six Days after Notice in Writing

given for that Purpose, every such Person or persons so neglecting or offending, on Conviction before

any Justice of the Peace for the East Riding of the County of York, by the pa'h or Oaths of One or

more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty

Shillings $ to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under

the Hand and Seal of such Justice; and for want of sufficient Distress such Offender or Offenders lhnil,

by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of

Correction for any l ime not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor less than Twenty-one Days, or

until.such Penalty shall be paid, or otherwise compounded for; which Composition the said Comem f-

sioners, or the major Part of them, are hereby impowered to make.

XXXVIII. And be it further ena£led, That the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them. The Course of'

shall begin the said main Dra;n or navigable Canal at or near the said Fofs Dyke Clough, fitiute upon.the Navigation,

the Banks of the said River Humber, and shall carry on, complete, and finit'h the lame, and all and

fmgular the Works to be made or erected thereon from or near the said Fc/s Dyke Clough progressively

upwards, before the said main Drain or navigable Canal, or any the said Works shall be begun in or

upon the higher Parts of the intended Course of the said main Drain or navigable Canal.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Works shall be done for effe£ling or perfe£l- WaTj6S fa

ing the said Navigation in pursuance of the Powers and Authorities in this Act contained, which shall vigation not to*

be the Means or Occasion of Detriment, Prejudice, or Hindrance, to the draining of the aforesaid prejudice the

Commons, Low Grounds, and Cars, or to the Works to be made for such Drainage, or to the con- Drainag*.

veying or discharging the Water and Floods from any of the Lands lying within the said Commons,

Low Grounds, and Cars, which shall be rated or taxed for the Purposes of this Act.

XL. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Lock or Staunch shall be erected for the Purpose Mo Lock to pei>

of Navigation which shall pen up the Water higher than within Three Feet of the natural Surface ofuPthc w*ter

any of the Lands and Grounds above such Lock or Staunch; and such Lock or Staunch shall bother

opened or pulled up whenever the Water shall run above Four Inches over the Top of such Lock or JeWof theSnr-'

Staunch. farc of the Lan<J*

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act con- Owner* may

tnined shall extend, or be construed to extend, in any Way to restrain or prevent the several Owners makcGuts» c*-

and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within any of the said Commons, Low Grounds, and Cars,

hereby intended to he drained from making such Cuts, Canals, or Watering-places, in, over, ana*1’*

upon, their respective Lands and Grounds, as they shall, from Time to Time think proper, so as such

Cuts, Canals, or Watering-places, do not damage or prejudice either the Drainage or the Navigation

intended to be made and effected by this Act.

XLII. And be it further enacted. That in case the Owners of any Lands or Grounds, or the Ma- Qwacrtof

jority of the Owners of, and Persons interested in, any Commons in the said East Riding of the County jacent Ground*

of York, adjoining or lying near the said Commons, Low Grounds, and Cars, intended to be drained

by virtue hereof, though not within the Parishes, Townships, or Places mentioned in this Act, shall a-

signify in Writing to the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, or the said Trustees, or any gre^nt with

Seven of them, at any of their Meetings, their Desire that such their respective Commons, Lands or Commissionerwt

Grounds, should be admitted to the Benefit of Drainage through all or any of the Cuts, Drains,

other Works to be made by virtue of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners,

or the major Part of thelh, during the Continuance of their Authority, and after the Determination

thereof, for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at their annual Meeting, to extend the

Boundaries of this Act, so as to take in and comprehend such Commons, Lands, or Grounds ; and

aUo to rate and tax such Commons, Lands, or Grounds, with such yearly or gross Sum or Sums of

Money, or otherwise, as shall be agreed upon by and between the said Owners and the said Commis-

sioners or Trustees, as the Cafe may happen to be ; provided that it shall appear to the said Commis-

sioners or Trustees that such Extcnsion shall not be to the Prejudice of any other Grounds or Lands

the Owners whereof shall not have joined in such Application, or to the Prejudice of the Drainage

hereby intended, Notice thereof having been given in the weekly Newspaper called The York Courant,

or some other Newspaper as aforesaid, Twenty Days at the leall before such annual Meeting.

X* III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Sum or Sums of Money so agreed upon to be

paid for every Acre so admitted to the Benefit of Drainage, shall not exceed the highest Rate or Pro-

portion of the Rates and Taxes charged by this Act upon an Acre of Land or Ground within the

Boundaries of this Act ; and that alter such Admission and Taxation such Commons, Lands, and

Grounds, shall be, and be deemed and taken to be within the Boundaries of this Act, and be Part of

the Lands intended to be drained thereby; and that all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Limita-

tions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things, in this A<fl contained, as well in respedi of Woiks

and Drainage, and the imposing, levying, collecting, and Application of Taxes, and the raising of

Money on the Credit thereof, or otherwise, shall extend, and be construed to extend to such Lands

and Grounds, and the Rates and 'Faxes to be laid thereon ; any Thing herein contained to the Con-

trary thereof notwithstanding.

^LIV. And be it further enacted. That the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall Coimniffyntr*

have full Power and Authority, and are hereby impowered to agree with the Proprietors of, and Persons {^rcluleb

interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, on which they the said Commissioners, or the

major Part of them, shall judge necessary to build Houses for Persons looking after the Locks, or to Lcck.kcrfc^

be *c.

c.oooole

