A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 50. 531

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall import, or cause to be imported

any Oak Bark, when the Price of the Load of Hatch is in London* and within the Weekly Bills wlen*the Price

Mortality, delivered at the Buyers Warehouses under the Price of Ten Pounds per Load of Hatch, or itas uft o*n-

when the Price of the Load of Kinds shall be under Two Pounds Ten Shillings for the Load of Rinds,<ioned,fluU for*

when the fame are set, and containing as aforesaid, delivered at the Buyers Warehouses within the lhe lame>

City of London# or Weekly Bills of Mortality, such Oak Bark so imported shall be forfeited, and ^e lnd

Importer thereof shall, over and above, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each Load oftM * '

Hatch or Rinds so imported; to be recovered and applied in Manner herein-after directed.

V. And, in order to ascertain the Price of Oik Bark in London, and within the Weekly Bills of Toifcertainthe

Mortality, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fifth Day .Vf* 7maiT-

of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, a Register or Registers shall be keot by the ^ RegisterTt© -

Clerk of the Tanners Company of the Prices at which Oak Bark is*bouglit by all and every Person or bc’keptby ti*

Persons residing in London, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or by any other Person or Persons, dak of the

for the Use of any such Person or Persons. Tanner* Cora-

VI. And be it further enacted. That all and every Person or Persons who shall have purchased, or t1"?*

caused to be purchased, Five Loads of Hatch Bark, each Load containing Forty-five hundred Weight, p^Loadt,

shall, within Ten-Days after such Bargain or Purchase, give, or cause to be given in to the Clerk of fhaii/with^Tcn

the Tanners Company, a Note in VVriting, specifying the Date of such Bargain or Purchase, the Day* after the

Name or Names of the Purchaser or PurchaTers, the Name or Names of the Seller or Sellers, and their Bargain, give i«

respective Places of Abode, and also the Quantity of Hatch so purchased, together with the Price paid, to the fauicieik

or to be paid for the fame, and shall deliver and pay to the Clerk, with every such Note One Shilling; *nN7hebateC'

and the Clerk of the said Company shall, within Twenty-four Hours after receiving such Note in entered

Writing as aforesaid, enter the fame in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose j and in case any the said Clerk,

Tanner or other Person or Persons residing in London, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, shall ice.

purchase any Oak Bark in the Rinds, or by any other Mode or Manner whatsoever, amounting in

Quantity to Twenty Loads of Rinds, each Load containing Thirty Yards of Rinds, when the fame

are set Three Rinds thick as aforesaid, such Person or Persons so purchasing shall, within Ten Days

after such Purchase, give, or cause to be given in to the Clerk of the Tanners Company, a Note in

Writing, specifying the Date of such Bargain or Purchase, the Name or Names of the Purchaser or

Purchasers, and Seller or Sellers, and their respective Places of Abode, and the Quantity of Rinds or

Bark so purchased^ the Load, each Load containing Thirty Yards of Rinds, when the fame arc

set Three Rinds truck as aforesaid, the Price paid or to be paid for the fame, together with the

County at which such Bark was taken oiF the Trees ; and shall also deliver and pay to the Clerk,

with every such Note, the Sum of One Shilling ; and the Cleric of the said Company shall in like

Manner, within Twenty-four Hours after receiving such Note in Writing, as aforesaid, enter the fame and to pay 1 ».*•

in a Book or Books to be kept for the Purpose. the Clerk.

VII. And be it further enacted. That such Register and Registers,.Book or Books, so to be kept as R-giftrr maybe

aforesaid, shall and may be inspected, at all convenient Times, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, inspeaedwith-

without any Fee or Reward to be demanded or taken for the fame. -out Fee.

VIII. And be it further enacted. That when it shall appear, from the Entries to be made as afore-The average

said, that the average Price of the Hatch Bark does amount to Ten Pounds per Load, each Load con- Price for One

taining Forty-five hundred Weight, or that the average Price of Rind Bark does amount to two Pounds Month preced-

Ten Shillings per Load, each Load containing Thirty Yards of Rinds when the fame are set Three •“« Da*e

Rinds thick as aforesaid, delivered at the Buyers Warehouses ; then, or in any of these Cafes, it shall iotewtifiedt#

and maybe lawful for Three or more of the said Purchasers of Hatch or Rind Bark as aforesaid, the Lord Miyor,

within the City of London, or Weekly Bills of Mortality, and they are hereby required to certify to Ac.

the Lord Mayor of the City of London, or any Two of the Aldermen thereof, the average Price of the

Load of Hatch or Rind Bark, (each Load relpcdtively containing as aforesaid), for the Space of One

Month preceding ; and the said T hree or more Purchasers shall relpeclively make Oath, that the Note

given in by them to the Clerk of the Tanners Company, contain a true Account of the Price paid for and by him

the Bark and the said Clerk of the Tanners Company shall make Oath of the Truth of his Entries *»*ned, and de-

agreeable to the Notes in Writing so delivered in to him as aforesaid, whereupon the said Mayor or * v®red to tJ'e

Aldermen shall, and they are hereby required to sign the fame, and to deliver the fame, as soon as who

conveniently may be, to the Collector or Receiver of His Majesty’s Customs at the Port of London, pubii<h the

who shall, and is hereby required to publish the fame in the London Gazette , from and after which dame in the Ga-

Publication, no more than One Penny per Hundred Weight shall be demanded or taken by any Officer *«nc ; and then

of his Majesty’s Customs, or any other rerfon whatsoever, on the Importation of any Oak Bark into aonri0fC<han

. Z? • • r 1 d. per Cwt. to

Great nrilain. be demanded.

IX. And be it further enacted. That on the First Turf day of every Month, after the Importation of On theFirft

Oak Bark shall be permitted in Manner aforesaid, the Clerk of the said Tanners Company shall, in Tuefaay of every

Wrfting, certify upon Oath to the Lord Mayor of the City of London, or any Two of the Aldermen Meath the said

thereof, the average Price of Oak Bark by the Load of Hatch or Rinds, cich Load respectively contain- G!c^ urd*

ing as aforesaid ; for which Certificate the said Clerk shall receive a Fee of Six Shillings and Eight- jJ^V(cr \c.the

pence ; and if from such Certificate it shall appear that the Price of Oak Bark is under Ten Pounds av/ragePiice,

the Load of Hatch, or that the Price of Rind Bark is under Two Pounds Ten Shillings the Load, each to be signed and

Load of Hatch and Rind containing respectively as aforesaid, then the said Certificate shall be ligned pubJithcd nthe

and transmitted to the Collector of the Customs as aforesaid, and shall be published in the next London Ga*ttc*

Gazzetti i from and after which Publication no Oak Bark shall be imported into this Kingdom till the

3 Y a Price

f

