A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 30. 187

earning, or in the Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities by this Act in them veiled, shall be’

charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

\i V. And be it also enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Dung, *cc. of

seven or more of them, to let in Tack or Lease, for any Space not exceeding the Term of three Years,the Greets may

the Dung or Fulzic of and upon the Streets, Lanes, Passages, Courts, Avenues, and other Places within *>c disposedof,

the faiJ Town of Sixth Lcithy Territory of Saint Anthony, and Yard Heads of Leith, to any Person or Per-

form, on such Conditions as to the said Commissioners shall fecra fit and reasonable; and to apply the Tack-

tiurv to the Purposes of putting this A& in Execution.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall throw Dung, Water, or Ashes, Dung, &c. not

out of any Door or Window within the said Town of South Leith9 Territory of Saint Anthony, and Yardt0 la«d in tbt

/for. is of Leitb9 by Night or Day ; or dust Carpets from or over any Window or Stair opening to a Street, Suect*

Court, Ciofe, or Lane, within the Limits aforesaid; or shall lay, or cause to be laid down, any Dung,

Ashes Rubbish, or Filth of any Kind, between the Hours of Eight in the Morning and Ten at Night; or

Hull ft ft Ashes on the Streets within the said Time, such Person or Persons shall, for the first Commitment

of every such Offence respectively, forfeit the Sum of one Shilling Sterling ; and for the second and every

iubicquent Offence of the like Nature, two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling: And that any Person or Per-

fons laying down Furze or Whins, or other Fuel, on the Streets, Lanes, or Passages of the said Town,

for the Space of fix Hours, shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Shillings Sterling; and for

every Day the fame shall lie after the first Day, the Sum of five Shillings Sterling more : And if any Person Iron, Ship* An.

or Persons shall leave any Iron, Lead, Wood, Ships Anchors, Merchandise, or Lumber of any Kind, chors» &c- not

upon the Quays, or Shore, or any other Part of the Streets of the said Town more than forty-eight Hours,!? * Ieftc°.n lhe

he, flic, or they shall, for every such Oft'ence, forfeit five Shillings Sterling: And it shall be lawful for the ^,ySor orc*

said Commissioners, or any one of them, and they and he are and is hereby impowered to cause to be car-

ried off and removed such Iron, Lead, Wood, Ships Anchors, Merchandise, or Lumber, into the Timber

Buffi, or Weigh-house of Leith9 there to lie and remain at the Risk of the Owner or Owners, till Pay-

ment shall be made of the said five Shillings Sterling, and of the Expcnre of carrying off, removing, and

keeping the fame in the said Timber Buffi, or Weigh-house : And that if any Person or Persons shall leave

any Coach, Cart, Chaise, or other Carriage, yoked or unyoked, in any of the said Streets or Lanes

over Night, without having some Person attending to take care of the fame, he, fhc, or they shall, for such

Offence, forfeit one Shilling Sterling : And every Person or Persons who shall fufter any Hogs or Pigs be-

longing to them to stray loose through the Streets, Lanes, or Passages of the said 7 own of Leith, such

Person or Persons shall not only forfeit the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling for such Offence,

but it shall also be lawful for the Magistrates of the said Town, and they are hereby authorised and impow-

ered, to declare the said Swine and Pigs confiscated, and to adjudge the Property to such Person or Persons

as shall seize the fame : And if any Person or Persons shall lay down any Stones, Lime, or other Materials,

taken from any Buildings, demolished, or dcmolishing, or intended to be used in any Building, upon any

Srrect, Lane, or Pafiage of the said Town, without Leave first had from a Magistrate thereof in Writing,

hr, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling, and the like

turn for every Day after, during which the said Stones, Lime, or Rubbish shall lie upon die said Street,

Lane, or railage.

XVI. And it is hereby further enabled. That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at Sign*, frc. to U

a General Meeting assembled, may, if they think proper, cause all Signs, or other Emblems used to denote remove*.

the Trade, Occupation, or Calling of any Person or Persons, Sign-posts, Sign-irons, Penthouses, Shew-

beards Spouts, and Gutters, projecting into any of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Avenues, or Paf-

fogts, and all other Projections, Incroachments, and Annoyances whatsoever, within the several Limits

ccjinprilcd in this A <51, to be taken down and removed ; and shall cause all Signs, or other Emblems as

atorcuid, Shew-bonrds, and Gutters, or such Parts thereof as they shall think fit, to be fixed or placed in

the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings, whereunto they respeClively belong, or were

before affixed, anJ not otherwise ; and shall return, or cause to be returned, to the respective Owners, so

rr.uth of such Signs or ether Emblems, Sign-posts, or other Polls, Sign-irons, Shew-boards, Spouts,

and Gutters, as shall not be affixed or put up, or otherwise made ufc of in the Alterations directed by this

Act; anJ that for the future all Signs, Sign boards, and Gutters, shall be placed or fixed on the Fronts of

the H >u,es; Shops, Wnrchouses, or Buildings, to which they rclpcctively belong, and not otherwise!

And if any Person or Person* (hill at any Time hereafter hang, place, erect, or build any Sign-post, or

other Poll, Sign-iron. Penthouse, Shew-board, Spout, Gutter, or other Projection, Obstrucftion, or

Annoyance, or cause the fame to be done contrary to the Direction aforesaid, every Person so offending

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings Sterling, and the further Sum of

ten Shillings Sterling for every Day such Offence shall continue.

XVII. Provided always and it is hereby further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for Crane* m«?be

any l\rlon cr Persons ro keep any Crnnc or Cranes already fixed up against any Warehouse or Warehouses *he

within such rare or Part* of the said ltveral Diffricts as is or arc comprised in this A<fk 5 or to affix any Sldciof Houses*

Crane or Crar.es to such Warehouse or Warehouses, and to make u<e of such Crane or Cranes, so as such

Crane or Cranes be turned and kept ciofe to the Walls of such Warehouse or Warehouses when not in

actufl Lie; any Thing in this Act, or any former Law, Custom, or Statute to the contrary thereof in

air, wife nocwitl.ftandm®.

XVIli. Ami be it further cmcled. That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously break. To present de-

throw down, take away, or cxiinguish, damage, or food any Lamp or Lamps to be put up by virtue of ftroying Limps

this Avt; or damage 1 be Posts, lions, and other Furniture thereof; or Pipes to be lard for conveying and &c.

11 b 2 ddiiibutinj

