328 C. 8.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1772.

Penalty on Per-

ions neglecting

to serve the Of-

Lamps, Lamp Irons, and Posts, erected by virtue of the said Act, {hall extend to every Lamp, Lamp

Iron, and Post, to be erected by virtue of this Act.

oiTrnd?rs out of XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Offender against the said

rhe juriHiftion former or this present Act shall be found out of the Jurisdiction of the said Borough, any Justice or

m rhe Town, Justices of the reace for the County or Place where such Offender shall be found, mall have the fame

n\(hid. CpU" Power with respect to the apprehending and punishing such respective Offenders as by the said former

4 * Act is given to the Justices of the Peace for the said Borough.

Watchmen so * XV.III. And whereas it may be necessary hereafter to employ more than Twenty Watchmen in

he appointed by watching and guarding the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, df the said Town/ be it further enacted by the

Commiirionew. Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall have Power to

appoint any competent Number of fit and able-bodied Men to watch and guard the Streets, Lanes, and

' Passages of the said Town, under the Direction of One or more Constable or Constables for the said

Borough for the Time being, to be for that Purpose nominated by the Mayor of the said Borough, or

in his Absence, by any One of the said Justices for the Time being; and out of the Assessraents to be

made by virtue of the said former and this present Act, to make such Allowance to the said Constable or

Constables, and Watchmen, for their Attendance ; and to give such Orders and Directions concerning

the Manner in which the said Watchmen shall be armed and stationed; and, from Time to Time, to

’ remove any of the said Watchmen, and appoint others in their Stead, as Occasion may require.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Constable

of the said Boroogh appointed as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to take upon him such Direction of the

Watchmen as aforesaid, and to do his Duty therein, he shall, upon Conviction thereof before the May-

or and One other Justice of the Peace for the said Borough, or, in the Absence of the Mayor, before

any Two Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, be liable to the Payment of such Fine for the fame

(not exceeding Five Pounds) as the said Mayor and Justice, or the said Two Justices, shall think pro-

per to impose ; to be recovered abd levied in Manner herein after mentioned.

Nuifaneet to be XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Filth, Rubbifti, or any

removed, on other Matter whatsoever, (except Muck, Dung, or Manure, brought in order to be loaded and carried

Forfeiture of 51. away by the Scavenger), lying or being in any of the said Streets, Lanes, or Passages, shall, upon Com-

plaint made to the said Commissioners, be judged ostensive, the fame shall be deemed a Nuisance, and an

Offence against the said former Act ; and in case the fame shall not be removed within Four Hours af-

ter Request made for that Purpose by the Party then complaining to the Person or Persons who ought

to remove the fame, upon Proof made thereof on Oath eft One credible Witness before any Justice of

the Peace for the said Borough, such Person or Persons, so offending, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of

Five Shillings for the said Offence, and Five Shillings an Hour for every Hour that the fame shall con-

tinue unremoved after the Expiration of the said Four Hours; to be recovered and levied in Manner herein

after mentioned.

tfoCtflctorVef* XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Cooper, or other Person, shall

rds to ftaod in hoop or burn, or cause to be hooped or burnt, any Cask or Casks of what Kind soever, in any Street of

the said Borough, upon Pain that every Person so offending shall, on Proof thereof made on the Oath of

One credible Witness before any Justice of the Peace of the said Borough, forfeit and pay the Sum of

Five Shillings for every such Offence ; to be recovered and levied in Manner herein after mentioned.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Necessary-house in the said

Town shall be emptied at any Time, except between the Hours of Twelve at Night and Four in the

Morning, or the Soil thereof (nail be laid in any other Place than shall be appointed for that Purpose by

the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, as aforesaid, by any Person or Persons ; then,

and in either of the said Cafes, as well the Person or Persons knowingly employing any Person or Per-

fons for that Purpose, as the Person or Persons committing the Offence, shall, for every such Offence,

forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings ; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or negligently

spill any of the Soil of any Necessary-house in any of the said Streets, Lanes, or Passages, and not im-

mediately remove the fame, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the

like Sum of Forty Shillings.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after such Determina-

tion by the said Commissioners, as is before mentioned, all Charges and Expences attending the remo-

ving Obstructions, and lighting and watching the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages, shall, from Time to

AssessiAtnts not Time, be paid, borne, and defrayed by the 7'enants or Occupiers of the several Houses and Buildings in

toe»cce^ f d. the said Town, and other the Inhabitants thereof; provided that no Assessment to be made for defraying

the said Expences shall exceed in the Whole Sixpence in the Pound in any One Year.

4 XXIV. And whereas Doubts have arisen upon the Conftruftionof such Part of the said Act of the

* Tenth Year of His present Majesty, as impowers the Commissioners to make a Rate or Assessment, which

4 shall not exceed in the Whole Nine-pence in the Pound in the Two First Years after the passing the Act /•

be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rates or Assessments made, by the said

Commissioners for the Payment of Nine-pence in the Pound in each Year for the first Two Years after

the passing the said Act, are, and are hereby declared to be legal Rates ; and that the respective Sums

assessed upon the several Inhabitants by the said Rates or AfTefiments, and all Arrears thereof, shall and

may be recovered and levied in such and the like Manner as any Rate or Assessment directed to be made

&ate% when by virtue of the said former or this present Act, may be recovered and levied.

be sign- XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when and so often as any |Rate or Assessment shall

<d !r (he Co“" be made by virtue of this or the said former Act> the fame shall be signed by the Commissioners, or any

I Seven

the Streets,

Time for cm-

tying Nrcef-

Xary-houTes.

Zipencet of the

Act to be de-

frayed by Te-

nants.

in the Pound.

Doubt in the

former Act,

obviated.

mifitners.

^ooooie

