A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 9.' 13

the said public Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Gate-ways, and other public Passages; and shall

be paved, repaired, swept, and cleansed, in such and the same Manner as the other Streets, Squares,

Courts, Ways, Roads, Lanes, Alievs, Gate-ways, and other public Passages, in the City and Parishes

aforesaid, are in and by this Act directed to be paved and repaired, swept and cleansed; and (nail be subject

to all and every the Powers and Authorities in this Act contained, relative to the said Streets, Squares,

Lanes, Alleys, Courts, or other public Passages in the City and Parishes aforesaid.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Costs and Charges of purchasing all or any Land, Chtrfsesofpor-

Houses, Sheds, or other Buildings, within the Term of seven Years after passing this Act, shall be deemed «hl*nsHoofe*

and taken to be a Charge on the Owners and Proprietors of Houses. Lands, Tenements, and Heredita-jc^>ai0t|ur

meats, within the City and Parishes aforesaid, to be collected in the same Manner as the other Rates on Rites,

the Owners and Proprietors of Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, are herein before directed;

and from and after the said Term of seven Years the fame shall be a Charge on the Tenants and Occupiers

of Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the City ana Parishes aforesaid, to be raised

and collected in the same Manner, and to be under the fame Restrictions, Provisoes, and Exceptions, as

ail other Tenants Dues, Duties, Taxes, and Impositions, are herein directed.

LXIX. And whereas it may happen that some Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Bod!e«Politic

Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust. or others, are or may be seised or possessed of the said Houses,»®p°w«t4*

Sheds, Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments, and such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate orfcU#

Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or Feoffees, may be willing to treat or agree for the Sale of

such Houses, Sheds, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, but mav be incapable of granting or conveying

the fame by reason of Infancy or other Disability; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be

lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and aH

Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, or other Trustees whatsoever, for.

or on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, or Ceftuique Trusts, and for all and every Person and Persons

whomsoever, who are or mall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any such Houses, Sheds, Buildings*

Lands, or Hereditaments, to treat, contract, and agree with the said CommifEoners, or any fourteen or more

of them, for the Purchase of such Houses, Sheds, Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments, or any Part or Parts

thereof, or for their Interest therein, for the Purpose aforesaid, and to sell and convey the fame as Occa-

fion shall be and require; and all Contracts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so

made, shall be valid to all Intents andPurposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Mat-

ter or Thing to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanaing; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate or

Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Huf-

bands, Guardians, and Trustees, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they

shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

LXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall act as a CommifSoner in any No Ftrfcn seal*

Cafe relating to the contrafting for, or purebafine any Houses, Sheds, Buildings, Lands, or Heredita- ■ft*1 Com-

ments, wherein he shall be personally concerned in interest. miwhore

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any time or times hereafter,

obstruct, hinder, or molest any Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall be ftroaintthe°

employed in the Execution of this Act, in the Performance or Execution of his or their Duty; every such Workif

Person or Persons so offending shall, for the first Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings, for for the first Of*

the second Offence the Sum of forty Shillings, and for the third, and every other Off ence, the Sum of three f*nce 20 for

Pounds: And if any Person or Persons shall strike or assault any such Officer or Officers, or other Person or the*

Persons, in the Performance or Execution of his or their Duty under this Act, every such Person shall, for third tl*

every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

LXX1L And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously break up. And for da.

destroy, or otherwise damage or fboil any of the Works when done or doing in pursuance of this Act, or !Srlc5*

any Part or Parts thereof, every Person so offending shall, for the first Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of 401 ^ndfor6

forty Shillings, and for the second, and every other Offence, the Sum of five Pounds. futurt Ofleocat*

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons, 5j.

who shall be included by virtue of this Act to make any Rate or Aflcrftment for the Purposes of altering, re- No Scavenger on

pairing, cleanfuig, and mending any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Roads, High- Highway Kata*

ways, or other public Passages in the City or Parishes aforesaid by virtue of this Act, shall be liable or be

subject to any Scavenger's Rate, Duty, or Labour, to be done upon any of the said Streets, Squares,

Lancs, Alleys, Courts, Roads, Highways, or other public Passages 5 or be subject or liable to contribute

to any Highway Rate or Duty for the repairing, cleansing, altering, or amending any of the said Streets,

Squares, Lancs, Alleys, Courts, Roads, or Highways; any Law, Statute, or Utage to the contrary there-

of notwithstandirg.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said CommifEoners, Puerto Her

or any seven or more of them, and they are hereby impowered and required, under their Hands and Seals, ir

to license all such Hackney Chairs which, from and after the fiiftDay of Angufty one thousand seven hun- c

died and seventy-one, shall be kept and used for Hire within the City and Parishes aforesaiJ, and shall and

may fix and ascertain such Rates and Prices for the Carriage of the fame, as to the said Commissioners, or

any seven or more of them, flail seem proper; and if any Hackney Chairman shall refuse to go at, or shall Pfa»'ty ft>r

exact more for his Hire than the Sums limited by the said CommifEoners, or shall keep or ufc any Chair takin* more

for Hire, unless licensed as aforesaid, he shall forfeit for such Offence not Ids than ten Shillings, nor more

c. it 0 lemed; JO* r»o*

than futy Shillings. _ __. , Wa«

LXXV.. And.

