708 C. 39. -Anrto decimo tettio Gegrgh III. A.D. 1773.

Manufactory, or wherein the fame shall be then carrying on, with Intent for steal, cut, break, or

otherwise destroy any Glass or Plate Glass, wrought or unwrought, or any Materials, Tools, or Im-

plements, used in, for or about the making thereof, or any Goods and Wares belonging to the said

Manufactory, or shall steal, or wilfully or maliciously cut, break, or otherwise destroy, any such Glass

Materials, Tools, or * Implements, every such Offender, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be

judged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported to One of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in

America for a Term not exceeding Seven Years.

Writing* to bs XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Contraft, Agreement, Trans-

withoutStamp*. fer^ or Assignment of any Share or Shares, or other Writing whatsoever, made in pursuance of the

Powers given in and by this present Act, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamprduty what-*

soever; and that no Proceedings to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quaihed or vacated

for want of Form only.

Finesand^For- XXXI. And be it futther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and For-

bVrrcovered.l° ^ures-* inflicted by this Act,c or by any Rules, Bye-laws, or Const tutions, made by the said Com-

pany of Proprietors, their Sqccessors or Assigns, by the Authority thereof, the levying and recovering

of which said Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, are not herein before particularly directed, shall be

‘ levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the OSender's G>ods and Chattels, by Warrant under

the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the

County wherein the said Manufacture shall be carried on, as aforesaid ; which said Justice or Justices

is and are hereby authorised to hear and examine a Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, and determine

the fame, and may, according to his or their Discretion, mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture,

to be inftifted on any Offender or Offenders by virtue of the Powers in this Act contained ; save and

except such Forfeitures and Penalties as are herein-before directed for Nonpayment of such Sum or

Sums of Money as shall be called for from the said Proprietors, as aforesaid ; and all such respective

Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties, by this Act imposed and inflicted, the Application whereof is not

herein-before particularly directed, shall be paid, and shall be applied and disposed of, to, and for the

tJfe of the said Manufacture, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

Lhrfiution of XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Suit, or In-

Adigns. formation, shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pur-

fuance of this Act, or in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities, or the Orders and Directions

herein-before given or granted, every such Action, Suit, or Information, shall be brought and conir

menced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed for which such Action or Suit

shall be commenced, and not afterwards, and shall be brought, laid, and tried, in the County where

the said Manufacture shall be carried on as aforesaid, and not elsewhere ; and the Defendant or De-

Ceacril Issue tenants in all such Actions or Suits may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special

eaer * Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in

pursuance and by the Authority of this Act : And if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any

Action, Suit, or Information, shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the famefc

or shall be brought or laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, that then, and in every

such Cafe, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants \ and if a Verdict or Verdicts shall be

found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff shall become nonfulted, or difeoptinue his,

her, or their Action, Suit, or Information, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared ;

or if, upon Demurrer, or otherwise. Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs ; the De-

Treble Cost* fendant or Defendants, in every such Cafe, shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy

for Recovery of the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other

Cafes by Law.

Commencement XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall take Place and

and Continuance have Continuance, from and after the passing thereof, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years,

of this Act. and from thence to the End of the th :n next Session of Parliament.

Publick XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed,

adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges,

Julticct, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, called Kings Delph and

Eight Roods, and also other Fen Lands and Low Grounds in a certain Place called Farcitt Fen*

adjoining thereto, lying near to the Hamlet and Village of Farcett and Standground, in the County

ot Huntingdon. 1

CAP.

