A.D. .177 2. AimoxhiockcMfl©III G. ?o.:

towards miking ^ood the said Supply 5 and the Com toiflibriers of ttrr Majesty VTreaTury, now or ftW

the Time being, or any Three or,mor$ of them, or the H*gh Treasurer for the Time being, are or ts’

hereby authorised and impowered to issue and apply the fame accordingly*

XII And be it further enafteft by the Authority aforesaid, That a Sum not exceeding One hundred 5*.

thirty-eight thousand and ninety Pounds, Five Shillings, and Tenpence^ outs of Savings arising upon *od* of

the Grant for jthePay of an Augmentation to His Majesty’s Land Forcesfor the Year One thoirfmd A*f^nTv

(even hunted and seventy-ope $ and also a Sum not exceeding Thirty-six thoafarvJ seven hundred utiontothe

and seventy-two Pounds, and T^n Shillings, out of the Savings arising upon the Suirvvpted in the Laud Force* for

Account of Extraordinaries in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy, for Levy-money1 for iT7< i

the said Augmentation; and also a Sum not exceeding One thousand eight hundred ftxtv-three Pounds,

Thirteen Shillings and Ten pence, out of the Savings arising upon Grants for the Difference between y^Vor E*tra-

Briiif/h and Irish Pay. of the Sixty-fourth, and Sixty-fifth Regiments of Foot, from the First Day of Sep o-diturie* in

temhdr to the Twenty-f mrth Day of December* One thousand seven hundred and Sixty-eight $ and also 1*701 1IS31.

a Sum not exceeding Forty jthoufancj Pounds out of the Sayings arising Upon the Grants for the pay of*!- to*m #ri*

teduced Officers of Land Forces and Marines* faonvthk Twenty-fifth Day of June, One thousand

(even hundred and fifty-fiven^ to the Twenty-fourth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred t*iweenBr;tffl»

and sixty-eight, be applied towards making good'the Supply granted to His Majesty towards defraying and into Pay of

the extraordinary Expences of His Miajesty',s Land Forces, and other Services incurred to the Twen- the64thand

ticth Day of February One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and not provided for by Parlia- 65tlj> Regiment*,

ment; and the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury now or for the Time being, or any Three or *n*ut x

more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are or is hereby authorised and impowered saiin°g°s upon

to issue and apply the fame accprdingly,;; ’ t . , Cram* for Pay

j , v . ’ f \ » . of reduced Of*

* f j . « j. Acer*, 1757 to 177^ to be applied a* afore fa, L

XTTI. And be it further enacted by tlje Authority afq re said, That a Sum not exceeding Twenty- ae i, of

thousand Pounds, out of such Monies as shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer on or be- th* Monie»*aiA

fore the Fifth Day of April) One tho.ifmd f:Ven hundred and seventy-three, of the Produce of all or into th- Exchr-

any of the Duties and Revenues which by any Act or Acts of Parliament, have been directed to be <r«er, in 5 April,

reserved for the Dispofitiort of Parliament, towards defraying the necessary txpences of defending, pro- p77?’

testing, and securing the British Colonies’and Plantations in America, be applied towards making good toward*

such Part of the Supply as hath been granted to His Majesty for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Expence of do-

Garrisons in the Plantations, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfound- fending, *c.

land, and the ceded Islands, for the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two: And the the Britifc Co-

Commflioners of His Majesty* Treasury now or for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, to* Ao£*

or the High Treaforer for the Time being, are or is hereby, authorised and impowered to issue and apply gppficaVward*

the fame accordingly. making good the

Sum granted fot

maintaining the Garrisons in the Plantations, and for ProriAons for the Forces in North America, Scc.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies Appropriation of

coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon One Act of this Session of the Supplies.

Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Mye/ly certain Duties upon Malty Alumy The Monies a-

Cyler, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hunired and sevenfy-two, and so much Jl^8 by

Money, if any such he, of the Duties thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Xax*

Exchequer Bills made, or to be made, on the fame Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate, and

Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties, shall be satisfied, or

Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer, to satisfy and discharge the fame; and also all the

Monies coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon One other Act ofundTatr

this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax., to be

raised in Great Britain^, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two; and so

much Money, if any such be, of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise and remain after all the Loans

or Exchequer Bills made, or to be made, on the fame Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate, and

Charges thereon, and the Charges allowable thereby, for raising the said Lvmd Tax, shall be satisfied,

or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to fjtisfy and discharge the fame; and also the

Sum of One million eight hundred thousand Pounds, granted by One other Act of this Session of Par-Lottery,

liament, intituled, An Act for raifvig a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Sendee

of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two; and also all the Monies coming into the Ex-

chequer by Contributions for a Lottery, granted by One other Act of this Session of Parliament, in-

tituled, An Act for redeeming One million Five hundred thousand Pounds of the Capital Stocks of Three Pounds

per Centum Annuities, in the Manner and on the Terms therein mentioned, and for cjlabhshing a Lottery ;

and also the said Sum of One hundred thirty-six thousand four hundreJ sixteen Pounds and Eightpence and 136,416].

halfpenny remaining in the Receipt of Vhe Exchequer on the Tenth Day of October, One thousand Sd. *q. re-

seven hundred and seventy-onc, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen linin*in

of the Surpluses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues of the Fund, commonly called o^er'io* 1

The Sinking Fund \ and also the said Sum of Fifty-five thousand one hundred ninety-two Pounds, Six

Shillings and EJcvinp.wcc Three Farthings;' remaining in the Receipt df the Exchequer on the Fifth 55,19a l. 6*. t

1 f*d. 3 q. Sur- ,

* ' f “* remaining on 5 Jammy 1771-

4 L Day

Voi. XI.

