8g6 C. 83. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

shall be stationed at such Toll-house and Toll-gates by Appointment of the said Commissioners, ii>

Manner herein-afcer mentioned, for a Paflagu over the said Bridge, such Tolls or Suras of Money as

said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall order and direct, not exceeding the Sums or

T0II3 following; (that is to say),

he Toll*. For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Chair, Calash, or other Vehicle, drawn by Six:

Horses, or other Cattle, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence.

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Beriin, Chaise, Chair, Calash, or "Other Vehicle, drawn by

Four Horses, or other Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence, and on Sundays y the Sum of Two-

Shillings.

For every Co*ch, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Chair, Calash, or other Vehicle, drawn by less

than Four Horlba, or other Cattle, and more than One Horse or other Bead, the Sum of One Shilling

and on Sundays, the Surp of One Shilling and Sixpence.

For every Chaifq, Chair, or other vehicle, drawn by One Horse or other Bead, the Sum of

Eight-pence, and on Sundays, the Sum of One Shilling.

For every Waggon, Wain, Dray, Car, Cart, or other Carriage, drawn by more than Six Horses or

Other Cattle, the Sum of Two Shillings.

For every Waggon, Wain, Dray, Car, Cart, or other Carriage, drawn by Four and not more than

Six Horses or other Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and by Two or Three Horses,

or other Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling; and by One Horse or other Beall, the Sum of Eight-p:nce,

(except Higlers and Bakers Carts drawn by One Horse or Beall only.)

For every Higler’s or Baker’s Cart drawn by One Horse or Beall only, the Sum of Sixpence.

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of

T wo pence.

For every Foot Passenger whatsoever, One Halfpenny, and if with a Wheel-barrow, or such like*

Carriage, One-penny.

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Three Shillings and Four-pence per Score, and

after that Rate for any greater or less Number.

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Sixpence per Score, and after that

Rate for any greater or less Number.

Tolls vested in

Commissioners.

The Manner of

rntorc n> th:

Payment of

Tells,

Which said respective Tolls are hereby veiled in the fetid Commissioners, in the firH* Place* for defray-

ing the Expence of obtaining and passing this Act, and afeerwards for paying the Rent which shall he

reserved on the Grant of the Inheritance of the aforesaid P erry, and for defraying the Expence of bui’d-

ing the said Bridge, and executing the other* Purposes herein expressed, and shall be accordingly, from

Time to Tirae, applied as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, (subject to the special

Provisions herein-after made) shall direct; and it shall not be lawful for any Per foil to pass over the

said Bridge, or through the Toll Gate or G ‘tes thereon, till Payment of the Toll hereby made pay-

able: And if any Person or Persons shall pal’s the Toll Gate or Gates, or over the fiid Bridge, without

paying the Toll hereby made payable, the Collector or Collectors of the ft id Commissioners shall and

are hereby authorised to levy the 'Foil hereby made payable, and also Double the Value of th? Toll, as

a Penalty upon such Person or Persons, by Dillrefs of any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle, or

Goods, upon which such Toll is hereby imposed, or of any other Goods anti Chattels of the Person

or Persons who ought to pay such Toll; and if such Toll and Penalty, with the Charges of the Dif-

tress, shall not be paid within Fourteen Days after the Dillrefs, then to fell the Cattle or other

Goods diilrained, and after deducting such Toll and Penalty, and the Expence of ditlraining and of-

keeping the Cattle or Goods distrained, and of felling the fame, such C >lle:\or or Collect >rs shall re-

turn the Overplus of the Money anting by the Sale to the Person or Persons on whom such Dillrefs

shall be made; and every such such Penalty, when levied, shall be applicable in the same Manner as

the 1 oils hereby made payable.

If the Bridge XX. And whereas the said Bridge may receive such Damage by Tern ports, or otherwise, that the

shall receive Da- Passage may at Times become dangerous or impracticable; be it therefore further enabled, That ia

mage, an occa- every such Cafe, the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of th m, nny and shall, at their Dif-

ftonai Ferry may cretion, set up a Ferry acrols the said River Thames, at any Place or Places, being as near to the Ltd

ctup* Bridge as the repairing thereof will permit, and such Ferry Hull continue till the Railage over ths

ftid Bridge shall be rendered safe, and the fame Sums of M >ney lh ill be payable for a P.JUge determined by the

said Ferry, as areherein-before directed to be paid asTolls for Paliage over the said Bridge, and shall be

levied and applied in the same Manner.

Proviso. XXI. Provided always nevertheless, That no Larding Place, Road, or P.ilTage, from the said Ferry*

shall at any Time be made through, in, or upon, the said Meadow called Twickenham Park, or any

Part thereof, without the Consent of the Proprietor or Proprietors of the fame.

Power to borrow XXiE And, in order that fufRcient Sums of Money may b: raised for building the aforesaid Bridge, an J

Money upon the effecting the other Purposes or this Act, be it further cm ted, Tint it shall be lawful for the said Com-

miifloners or any Eleven or more of them, from Timc to Time, to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money,

not exceeding together the Sum otTwenty-five thousand Pounds, and by any Writing under their H mds

and Seals, to a.flgn the T oils hereby granted, or any Part thereof, toany Person or Persons, as a Security

for Repayment of the Sums of Money they shall advance to the said Commissioners, with such intercib

for the fame, not exceeding Five Pounds for each One Hundred Pounds by the Year, as Avail bu

agreej

Toil*.

C.ooooie

