6to C. 69.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1772;

Penalty if Nui*

lances a*e re-

placed and cod*

tinued.

and Charges paid within the Space of Five Days next after such Seizure thereof, then it {hall and may

be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to order the fame to be ap*

praised and fold; and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXXII. And be vit further enacted, That if any such Nuisance or Obstruction, or Annoyance as

aforesaid, shall be afterwards replaced, and be continued for the Space of One Hour after Notice to re-

move the fame shall have been given in Manner as before directed, the Person or Persons convicted of

such Second Offence, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings, and the like Sum of Ten Shil-

lings for every other Offence of the like Sort.

ii<eo«s may be XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall erect or build,

-V or cauk to bc erected and built, any Hoard, or erect any Posts, Bars, Rails, Boards, or other Thing,

9 by way of Inclosure for the Purpose of making Mortar, and depositing Bricks, Stone, Lime, Sand, or

any other Materials for building or repairing any House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, or

Tenement, or other Works, or for any other Purpose, without Leave or Licence first had and obtained

under the Hand or Hands of the Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being to the said Commissioners,

who is and are hereby required to grant the fame forthwith, on every Person’s so applying for such Li-

cence; and no Person or Persons whatsoever shall erect or build any such Kind of Hoard or Inclosure

as aforesaid, in any other Manner, or suffer the fame to remain for any longer Time than shall be ex-

pressed and allowed in such Licence from the Surveyor or Surveyors, to be signed as aforesaid, upon

rain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor less than hive Shillings, for every

t Twelve Hours that the fame, or any Part thereof, shall be continued contrary to the Directions of this

Act: And if any such Inclosure shall be erected or built, without the Leave of the said Surveyor or Sur-

veyors so had and obtained, and signed as aforesaid, or shall be set up in any other Manner, or continued

for any longer Time than shall be allowed and expressed in such Licence; then, and in either of the said

Cafes, it {hall and may be lawful for such Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to cause the

fame to be pulled down and removed, and the Materials thereof {hall be deposited in such convenient

Place as aforesaid, there to be kept and detained until the Owner or Owners, or his, her, or their

known Servant or Servants, {hall and do pay to the Person or Persons in whose Custody the fame {hall

be, the said Penalty, together with the Charges of removing the fame j and in case the fame shall not

be claimed, and the said Penalty or Charges paid within the Space of Five Days next after such

Seizure thereof, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more

. of them, to order the fame to be appraised and fold, and the Money arising thereform shall be applied

to the Purposes of this Act.

N© Lime to be- XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall fist, fereen, or (lack, any

any Lime, (except within such Inclosure as aforesaid), in any Square, Street, Way, Lane, Passage, or Places

*"* or cause the fame to be so done, he or they shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of

Forty Shillings.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, shall, for the future, carry, run,

drive, or draw, or cause to be carried, run, driven, or drawn, on any of the Foot Pavements, within

the Limits aforesaid, any Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, or any Carriage whatsoever, or

shall wilfully ride, lead, or drive, any Horse, Afs, or other Cattle, Coach, or other Carriage what-

soever, upon any Part of the said Foot Pavements 5 then, and in any such Cafe, and as often as they

or any of them shall happen, it {hall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatfo-

ever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons to

assist in seizing the Offender or Offenders, and they are hereby required so to do by the Authority of

this Act, and without any other Warrant to convey and deliver him, her, or them, into the Custody,

of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the said

County; and the Party or Parties accused being brought before any such Justice, such Justice (half

proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear, or be produced to give

Information touching such Offence, (which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorised and required to

administer); ar.-d if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of such Offence, either by his, her*

or their own Confession, or upon Information as aforesaid, he, she, or they, so convicted o, any such

Offence respectively, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings for the First Time of offending, the Sum

of Twenty Shillings for the Second Time of offending, and the Sum of Forty Shillings for the 7'hird

and every other Time of offending: And in case such Offender or Offenders shall not, upon such Con*

viftion, pay such Forfeitures by him, her, or them incurred, as aforesaid, the Justice, before whom

such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, is hereby required to commit him, her. or them, to

the House of Correction for the said County, there to be kept to hard Labour for any apace of Time

not exceeding Ten Days, nor less than Three Days,

it- 4 XXXVI. And whereas Hackney Coachmen, and Hackney Chairmen, frequenty take their Stands

4 with their Coaches and Chairs, in such Parts of the Streets, so as to occasion Obstructions both ii%

the Foot and Carriage Ways be it therefore enacted, That from and after the puffing of this

Act, the said'Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, may direct and regulate such btands of

all Hackney Coaches and Chairs, within the Limits of this Act,' as they shall in their Discretion

think, proper; and if any Hackney Coachman, or Hackney Chairman, shall not comply with such

Directions and Regulations, he or they {hall forfeit the Sum of Ten. Shillings for every such

Offence.

Squire* Street,

Sec.

Penalty on driv*

ing v~ar :age.%

See. on the Foot

Pavements*

Stands of Hack

ncy Coachmen,

See. to regu-

lated.

XXXVII.

c.

