Anno undecimo Georgii III.

198

In cpf<? of Dif*

futes, &c. Mo.

ries to be paid

imo the Bank,

ConfiJeration

Money how to

be paid*

Names of Streets

to be affixed up,

and Houses

numbered.

Pen.al’v on de-

facing Numbejs,

&c.

Annoyances

bow to be

!«medicd.

Penalty on not

removing Catk«,

&c. after Notice,

c. 3 s-

A.D. 1771.

Act are directed to be levied and recovered* so that no Fine shall exceed the Sunt of ten Pounds upon any

one Person for any one Offence.

XXXIIL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case such Person or Perform to

whom such Sums of Money shall be so afleilld or due as aforesaid cannot be found, or if by reason of Dis-

putes depending in any Court of Law or Equity, or for Default of Evidence, or otherwise, it shall not ap-

pear to the said Commissioners what Person or Persons is or are intitled to the fame, or if any Mortgagee or

Mortgagees fitall refuse to take in his, her, or their Mortgage-money, due upon the Premiles, after Notice

given to him, her, or them for that Purpose; then, and in all and every such Cafe or Cafes, it shall arJ

may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, to order the Sum or Sums so addled and awarded as afore-

said, or as shall be due on any such Mortgage, to be paid into the Bank of England* in the Name or Nanus

of the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Commissioners for the time being, for the Use of the Parties in-

terefted in the said Premises, to be paid to them and every of them, according to their respective Estates and

Interests in the said Premises, as the said Commissioners {hall, by any Order to be by them made, direct.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Sum and Sums of

Money, or other Consideration, Recompence, or Satisfaction to be paid, made, or given, pursuant to any

Agreement, Award, Judgement, Sentence, Decree, or Determination, as {hall be made in pursuance of

this Act, shall be and are hereby chargedjuid chargeable upon all or any Part of such Money or Monies as

shall be received by virtue of this Act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Commissioners as aforesaid, or

any live or more of them, shall and may cause to be painted, engraved, or described in Stone or Wood, or

otherwise, and to be affixed in a conspicuous Part of one or more House or House?, Building or Building?,

at or near each End, Corner or Entrance, of each of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yard?,

Alleys, Passages, and Places, the Name by which each respective Square, Street, Lane,. Court, Yard,

Alley, Passage, and Place, is properly or usually called or known; and may also cause every House, Shop,

or Warehouse in each of the said Streets and Places to be marked and numbered in such Manner as they

shall judge most proper for distinguishing the fame 5 and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully destroy, pull

down, injure, obliterate, or deface any such Names, Descriptions, Marks or Numbers, or any Parts or

Part thereof, or cause or procure the fame to be done, every Person so offending {hall, for every such Of-

fence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any

Time or Times hereafter drive or place, or cause to be driven or placed in any of the Carriage-ways within

the Limits aforesaid, any Coach, Cart, Waggon. Dray, or other Carriage, or on any Part or Parts thereof, so

as tooccasion any Annoyance whatsoever, and shall not immediately remove the fame when required so to do

by any Person or Persons whatsoever, or if any Person or Persons {hall set or place any such Carriage for

the Purpose of loading or unloading thereof, or for any other Purpose, upon any Foot-way or Crofting in

any Square, Street, Way, Lane, Passage, or Place within the Limits aforesaid, every Person so offending

shall, for every or either of the said Offences, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings \ and one of such

Commissioners, or any Person or Persons appointed by them for that Purpose, may seize, or cause to be

seized, any such Coach, Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, together with the Horse or Horses, if

.any {hall be thereunto belonging, and drive or remove, or cause the fame to be driven or removed to the

Pound, or other proper Place within the said Parish, there to be kept and detained until the Owneror

Owners thereof, or his, her, or their known Servant or Servants, {hall and do pay to the Person or Per-

fons in whose Custody the fame shall be, the said Penalty, together with the Charges of removing the

fame, and of keeping such Horse or Horses, if any/; and in case the fame shall not be claimed, and the said

Penalty and Charges paid within the Space of five Days next after such Seizure thereof, then it shall and

may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to order the fame to be ap-

praised and fold, and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXXVII. And be it- further.enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at

any Time or Times hereafter set or place, or cause to he set or placed in any of the Carriage-ways or Foot-

ways within the Limits aforesaid, any Casks, Package, Timber, Stones. Wheels, Bricks, Lime, Sand.,

Mortar, or Wood, or any other Materials or Things whatsoever for the Purposes of making IVlortar, or of

building any House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, or Tenement, or for any other Purposes

(unless the fame shall be inclosed in a Hoard or other Erection, as herein-after is directed) and shall not re-

move the fame within the Space of one Day next after Notice to him or her given for that Purpose, or left

at the Premises where the fame shall be, or if empty and unoccupied, or in building, stuck against the

Wall thereof by any one of such Commissioners as aforesaid, or by any Person or Persons by them ap-

pointed for that Purpose, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum

not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings; and any one of such Commissioners, or any Per-

son or Persons so appointed by them, may seize or cause to be seized such Casks, Package, Timber, Stones,

Wheels* Bricks, Lime,. Sand, Mortar, Wood, or other Materials (not being inclosed as aforesaid) ami

take or remove, or cause the fame to be taken or removed to the Pound, or other proper Place within the

said Parish, there to be kept and detained until the Owner or Owners thereof, or his, her, or their Ser-

vant or Servants, shall and do pay- to the Person in whose Custody the fame shall be, the said Penalty, to-

gether with the Charges of removing the fame; and in case the fame shall not be claimed, and the said Pe-

nalty and Charges paid within the Space of five Days next after such Seizure thereof, then it shall and may

he lawful to and for the /aid Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to order the fame to be appraised

and fold, and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXXVIII. And

c.ooooie

