A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III# C. yd.

No. IX.

Oath to be administered to the Surveyor upon passing his Accounts.

T A. B. do swear, That the Accounts now

I ways for the (Parish, eU.)

bed of my Knowledge.

produced and delivered by me, as Surveyor of the High-

for the last Year, are just and true, to the

So help me GOD.

By 1

No. x.

Allowance of the Accounts.

Ofloh-r, 17

T H £ S £ Accounts were examined and allowed before

No. XI.

Notice from the Surveyor to remove Nuisances and Obstructions, and to cut

Hedges, &V.

To C* /) of

T*N pursuance of the Directions given by the Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign removetful*

I of His Majesty King George the Third, 44 For the Amendment and Preservation of the Highways,” fancea and Ob-

1 A. B. Surveyor of the Highways for the (Parish, etc.) of do hereby give you struaioo*.

Notice, forthwith to remove the [Dung) Timber) Stone, etc*) placed by you in a certain Part of the

King’s Highway, lying between and in the (Parishy etc.) of £o<euttndlprone

to the Obstruftfon and Annoyance of the said Highway: Or, (forthwith to cut o?pruoe°

cut, prune, and plafh the Hedges, and cut or prune the Trees, and to open, cleanse, and scour the Trees, and to

several Ditches and Watercou rfes, belonging to you) in or near the Highway, lying between open and icour

and in the (Parijby etc.) of in or near the Highway* lying between Ditchesand Wt*

and to the Intent that the Water may be drained from the said Highway, twcourfei.

and that the Sun and Wind may not be excluded from such Highway, to the Prejudice thereof.

Dated this Day of 17

A.B.

No. XII.

Allowance of Charges and Expences paid by Surveyors, which are to be repaid by th«

Possessors of the Lands, etc. and Order of the Justice for that Purpose.

Middlesex. T Y X HEREAS Complaint hath been made unto me A. B% Esquire, One of His Ma*

W jelly’s Justices of Peace of the said County, by the Oath of Surveyor

of the Highways for the Parish of in the said County, that C. D.

of having had due' Notice to cut and prune his Hedges, and cleanse

and scour his Ditches and Watercourses, within or adjoining to the publick Highway between

and ^ in the said Parish of

hath neglected to do the fame withip the Time required by such Notice, and that the said

hath caused the fame respectively to be cut, pruned, cleansed, and scoured, pursuant to the Dircftiona

of the Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, %i For

the Amendment and Preservation of the Highways,” and hath expended therein the Sum of

asappears by an Account now produced to m , which I think a reasonable Charge,

and do therefore allow the fame, and hereby order the said C. D. to pay the said Sum of

to the said within Six Days from the Time of his being served with this Order*

Given under my Hand and Seal, this Day of 7

No. XIII.

Order of a Justice. of Peace to make new Drains.

Middlesex. To C. D. of Surveyor of the Highways for the (Pariftl, etc*) of

WHEREAS Complaint hath been made to me A. B. Esquire, One of His Majesty’s Justfeet ef

the Peace for the laid‘County* that the Ditch, Gutter, or Watercourfc* for conveying the Wa-

ter from the Highway at in ;he [Parish, &c.) of in the said Coupty,

5 T a is

