324 Ci 7.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1772.-

4 .Revenue, computed upon the Average in the fakl Act mentioned,.would amount to; so that theRule

c prescribed by the said Act, for estimating the Indemnity therein provided, se inadequate and ineffec-

4 tual, whereupon Doubts and Disputes have arifien between the Officers of Your Majesty’s Revenue,

4 and the said United Company concerning the Manner of ascertaining the fame: And whereas it appears

4 to have been the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, That the said United Company (bouJa ful-

4 ly indemnify Your Majesty, for any Diminution of Your Majesty’s Revenue, which might happen

4 from the Experiment in the said Act mentioned, by paying to Your Majesty such Sum ot Money as

4 should be sufficient to make the Net Produce of the Duties of Customs and Excite, upon Teas sold by

4 and cleared out of the Warehouses of ihefoid Company in the said Year, to be computed from the

4 Fifth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-fevieo, after paying the said Drawbacks al-

4 lowed by the said Act, and in each of the said Four succceding Years, after the like Payment of the

4 said Drawbacks, equal to the said Sum of Seven hundred and eighteen thousand nine hundred and

4 sixty-ftx Pounds, One Shilling, and Two-fifth Parts of a Penny, and the said United Company are

4 willing, and have agreed, to indemnify Your Majesty accordingly, provided the several Sums so

4 to be computed, may be accepted in oatisfadion and Discharge of their Agreement, and of thd

4 Ad herein before-recited : may it therefore please Your most Excellent Majesty that it may be dc-

4 dared and enacted 1’ and be it declared and enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

h u ^with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Company Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That instead of the Rate of Indemnity pro-

vided by the said Act, and to be computed as therein is mentioned, the said United Company {ball be

liable to pay and make good to His Majesty for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of July* One

thousand (even hundred and sixty-eight,* and for each of the said Four succeeding Years, such Sum

tY-uftnc-768’ of Money as, together with the Net Produce of Customs, upon Teas so by the said Company and the

718,9661° is. Net Produce of Excise upon Teas cleared out from the Warehouses of the said Company, ihal), in

and Two fifth and for each of the said Years* amount to the Sum of Seven hundred and eighteen thousand nine

Parts of a Pcany. hundred and sixty-six Pounds, One Shilling, and Two-fifth Parts of a Penny, and no more.

II. And whereas, by an Account stated and made up in Conformity to the Rate of Indemnity

herein before last mentioned, for the first Four of the said Five Years, the said Four Years ending on

the Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, the said United Company of

Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, (land indebted to His Majesty in the Sum of One

hundred and seventeen thousand three hundred and fourteen Pounds, One Shilling, and Three-pence,

The said United an(* Seven-twentieth Parts of a Penny; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the

Company, before said Company shall, on or before the Fifth Day of July, which will be in the Year of our Lord One

July 5,1772, to thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, advance ana pay into the Receipt of His Msyefty’s Ex-

py, imo the Re-chequer the said Sum of One hundred and seventeen thousand three hupdred and Fourteen Pounds,

enpt of the One shilling, and Three-pence, and Seven-twentieth Parts of a Penny, without any Abatement or

If. Defalcation whatsoever.

3 d. and Seven - twentieth Parts of a Penny.

Instead of the

Rate of Indem-

nity, provided

by the former

A&, the

Company

pay annually to

His Majestyfor

each Succeeding

a\] Monies to be III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies that shall be paid into^

paid in purtuance the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, in pursuance of this Act, shall be applied to and for the

be ah 5i e<ftoflthe ^lcs anc* Purposes directed by the aforementioned Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present

utaofAft°7 * Majesty.

Geo. in IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on or before the First Day of

September, which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, a

Before Sept. 7, true ancj exact Account shall be taken, stated, and made up by the proper Officers of the Customs

AccounTte^be an<* Excise respectively, of the Net Produce of all the Duties of Customs for and in respect of Teas

taken by th«of-sold by the said United Company, and also the Net Produce of all the Duties of Excise upon Teas

fice»s of the Cuf-cleared out from the Warehouses belonging to the said United Company, within the Year ending

toms of the Net the Fifth Day of July, One thousand (even hundred and seventy-two: And if the Net Sum Total

©rreVfidd ib both the said Revenues, after paying the said Drawback allowed by the said recited Act, shall

the said Com- not amount to the Sum of Seven hundred and eighteen thousand nine hundred and sixty-six

pany; ami also Pounds, One Shilling and Two-fifth Parts of a Penny, the said United Company shall, within

of the Net Fro- Forty Days after such Account shall have been delivered to their Chairman, Deputy Chairman, Se-

dtire of the Du- cretary, Cashier, or Accomptant General, advance and pay into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Ex-

unon°Tcas clear- chc‘clucr» ft#r His Majesty’s Use, such Sum of Money as {hall, together with the said Sum Total of

cut within the Customs and Excise, computed as aforesaid, make up the said Sum of Seven hundred and eighteen

Year 1772. thousand nine hundred and sixty-six Pounds, One Shilling, and Two-fifth Parts or a Penny.

If the Net Sum Total of both Revenue;, allowed by Alt 7 Geo, III. shall not amount to 718,9661. I». and Two-fifth Parts of a Penny, the United Com-

pany ihuil malts up the Uefic cncy to the Receipt of Exchequer.

in Default of V. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum of One hundred and Seventeen thousand three

Payment by the hundred and Fourteen Pounds, One Shilling, and Three-pence, and Seventeen-twentieth Parts of a

fa dComrany, it and a]f0 fucfo Sum of Money as shall be payable by jhe said United Company, in respect of

^recomed,0^ Account herein before directed to be made up for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of July,

One

