378 C. 19.

Amio duodecimo Georgii III, A.D. 1772.

Kftreft not IN

legal for want of

Form.

Power to tender

Amends.

No Conviction

mlflioners, and, within Ten Days after such Notice, enter into Recognizance before some Justices of

the Peace acting within the Western Division of the said County or City, with sufficient Sureties, con-

ditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of the Court, and to pay such Cods as shall be award-

ed by the Taid Justices at such Quarter-sessions; and.the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof

of such Notice being given, and of the entering into such Recognizance as aforesaid, shall hear and

finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to

the Party or Parties appealing or appealed aeainst as they the said Justices shall think, proper; and the

Deterroinatioa ef such. Quarter-sessions shall be binding, final, and conclusive, to all Intents and

Purposes.

LX. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Mo-

ney to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or

Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or TrespalTers on account of any Default or want of

Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Tref-

Paster or Trespassers ah initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall afterwards be done by the

arty or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full

Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Cafe,

LXI. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any Irregulari-

ty, Trespass, or other Proceeding, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on Behalf of the

Party or Parties who shall have committed any Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceeding, before

such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to

and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action

shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall

fee fit; whereupon such Proceedings or Orders, and Judgment shall be had, made, and given in and

by such Court as ip other ACtions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any

wabt Tf°r P^enc^cr or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing done or transacted

waa o orm, Qr rejating ta the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for want of Form, or be removed

by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at

w u JVfflminster; any Law or Statute to the Contrary notwithstanding.

without Stamps. LXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Information, Warrant, Or-

p*der. Judgment, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, or only

signed by any Commissioner or Commissioners conflicted by this Act, or any Justice or Justices of the

Peace, or exhibited before any of them, or under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, or only sign-

ed by any other Person or Persons whatsoever relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be chargeable

with any Stamp-duty whatsoever. ,

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person

or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty Days Notice shall be thereof given

in Writing to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Commissioners, or within Six Months next after the

Fast committed for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought, and every such Action

shall be brought, laid, and tried, in the County of Kent^ and notelfewhere; and that the Defendant or De-

fendants in such Actions or Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act% and

the Speciah Matter, in Evidence, at anyTrial or Trials which shall be had thereupon, and that the Mat-

ter or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought, was done in Purfu-

ance and by Authority of this Act: And if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to be so done, or if

it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before Twenty Days Notice thereof given as afore^

said, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid; or if any such Action or Suit shall

not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other

County than as aforesaid, then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants there-

in; and if a Verdict or Verdicts shall be found for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff

or Plaintiffs, in such Action or Actions, Suitor Suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Disconti-

nuance of such Action*or Actions, Judgment shall he given for the Defendant or Defendants there-

in; then, and in either of the Cafes aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs,

and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant or Defendants may have for

his, her, or their, Costs in any Cafe at Law.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of obtaining and parting this Act

shall be paid out of the first Monies arising by this Act.

LXV'I. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick

Act; and shall be Judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and all-other Personi,

without speciully pleading the same.

I.riTiitatron of

A£bon».

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

Ftpences how

to be paid.

Publick Act.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant certain Houses in Fenchurch-street and Addle-street, in the City

of London, efeheated to the Crown by the Death of Lieutenant-general John Brown% without Heir,

unto Frederick MontagUy Esquire, and his Heirs, upon the Trulls therein mentioned.

CAP.

