A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C» 17. 359

are hereby required to make and (ign a Rate or Assessment by way of Pound-rate, not exceeding in any

One Year One Shilling and Two-pence in the Pound of their yearly Rent, to be charged upon all and

every Person and Perfoas who now Jo or shall at any Time hereafter inhabit, hold, ufc, occupy, or en-

joy any Houses, Gardens, Shops, Ware houses, Coach-houses, Stables, and other Buildings now erec-

ted, or at any Time hereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, to be errfted in any Part of the said

Town, within the said Parish of Saint Mary Islington, upon and according to the improved Rent or va-

lue thereof, and as the fame are ascertained and rated in and by the Land-tax Books for the Time be-

ing; which said Rat? or Assessment shall be paid quarterly, and shall be entered in separate Books, to

be provided for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, wherein there shall be Four distinct Columns

for the Four Quarters of the Year, and a Fifth Column for the Sum Total of the said Four Quarters,

4 XV. And whereas there are divers Houses in the said Town which are lett out to feve- Landlords topf

4 ral Persons occupying different Apartments therein, and other Houses lett ready furnished to the Rate for

4 Lodgers, whereby the Payment of the said Rate or Assessment may be evaded| for remedy whereof,’ let* rat

be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person, whether Landlord or Tenant,

who shall lett his or her House in separate Apartments, or ready-furnished, to a Lodger or Lodgers, eltoLo&&x»:

shall, for the several Purposes of this Act. be deemed and taken to be the Occupier thereof, and may

be rated or assessed accordingly, and shall be liable and subject to die Payment of the sevend Sums so

rated and assessed.

XVI. Provided always, That the Goods and Chattels of each and every Person renting or occupying Cooh of fak

any separate Apartment or Apartments in such House or Houses, or renting or occupying any ready- ^

furnished House, shall be liable to be distrained and fold for the Payment of the said Rate or AfietT-

ment; and that each and every Person who shall pay such Rate or Assessment so charged on his or

her respective Landlord, or upon whose Goods and Chattels the fame shall be levied in pursuance

of this Act, shall and may deduct the fame from and out of the Rent due and payable, from Time to

Time, to his, her, or their respective Landlord or Landlords, and the Receipt for such Payment

shall be a sufficient Discharge to his or her Landlord or Landlords for so much Money as be or (he

shall have so paid, or which shall have been levied on his or her Goods and Chattels in pursuance of

this Act.

4 XV IT. And whereas Persons frequently remove without paying the Rates assessed on them, and P*fcn» t# pay

4 other Persons do enter and occupy or hold their Houses, Gardens* Tenements, or Hereditaments,

4 Part of the Year, by reason whereof great Sums of Money may be annually loft be it therefore

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Perrons shall come into or occupy any occupying

House, Garden, T enement, or Hereditament, or other Premises out of or from which any other Housei, Ac.

Person or Persons asseilcd shall be removed, or which at the Time of making such Rates as aforesaid

was empty or unoccupied; that then? and in every such Cafe, such Person To removing from, and

every Person so coming^into or occupying the fame, shall be liable to pay such Rates and Assessments.

in Proportion to the Time that such Person occupied the fame respectively, in the same Manner, and

under the like Penalties, as if such Person so removing had not removed, or such Person so coming

in or occupying had been originally rated and assessed in such Rates 1 which said Proportion, in case

of Dispute, shall be ascertained, settled, and finally determined, by toy Five or more of the said

Commissioners.

XV 111. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and Canwlfllsaers

may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any rive or more of them, from Time to Time, 7

as they shall judge tit and necessary, at any of their Meetings to be had in pursuance of this Act, toPc^m, who

to compound with or in Part, or wholly to remit to any Person or Persons so rated or assessed as afore- may appear

said, and who shall or may, at any Time hereafter, on account of his, her, or their Poverty, Difa-able to pay.

bilicy, or Di.lrcfs, be exempted from or excused the Payment of the Church and Poors Rates, or

either of them, in the said Parish, all such Sum or Sums of Money which he or they (haD be so rated

or assessed as aforesaid, when and as often as it shall, from Time to Time, be made to appear to the

Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any Five of them as aforesaid, that such Person or Persons

so rated or assessed as aforesaid, is or are, on account of such his, her, or their Poverty, Distreft, or

Inability, real and prope; Objects of such Composition or Exemption.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Colleton w to

Nine or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, yearly and

every Year, to appoint Two or more Persons, substantial Inhabitants and Householders in the said nmmammm

Town, to coll eft and gather quarterly the Rate and Assessment hereby impowered and directed to be

made, raiftd, and collect. J, for the Purpose of lighting and watching such Part of the (kid Town as Hep

in the said Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, and as shall be lighted and watched by virtue and in pur-,

fuarceofthis Act.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Collector who shall have col- CoiicOon t*

lested or received any Money by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes of lighting and watching such Part on

of the said Town as aforesaid, shall, as often as required by the said Commissioners, or any Five or foral!

more of them, deliver in Writing under his Hand to the said Commissioners at such Meeting as they *

shall appoint, a true and perfect Account upon Oath (which Oath may be taken in Writing without

Stamp) before any Three of the said Commissioners, (who are hereby impowered to administer the

fame) of all such Sum and Sur s of Money which any such Collector shall have collecded or received,

or which shall have been rated or afliiicd as aforesaid, and remain unrectived and alfoof all Sumspaid,

and of all otic; Matters ani Things relating to his Office committed to hit Charge, by virtue of this

Act j

