A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 15. 347

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Magistrates, Treasurer, and Prefcs of the Stent- Contract*

tnafters, are hereby authorised and impov/ered to order such Sum or Sums as they shall contra^ t|^

for, to be paid out of the Monies to be raised for the Purposes of this Act, in Manner hen artei i»ur?0fe of*tin#

directed. Act.

Vi I. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Th^»no Nomination, Contract, Bond, or other wri ing< e*-

Wiiting whatfexver, under the Hand of tr.e fai l Prefes and Clerk, concerning, or in Execution of the

Powers veiled in them by this A#, ft:all be chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever. Sump Dune*.

VIII. And, in order to raise a I un 1 for defraying the Charges of lighting the Sheets, Lanes, A(f<(Tment*tok?

4 Passages, and others, of the said Burgh of Cancngate \ Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, ^/succu,”

That the Stent-masters of the Canongate shall be, and they arc hereby impowered and required, at

the Time of imposing and proportioning the Land-tax or Ccfs of the said Burgh of Canongate^ for the

Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and annually thereafter, to af-

fess and lay upon all Heritors, Life-renters, and other Proprietors of Houses, Lands, and Tene-

ments, within the said Burgh of Canon^ate, and its said Dependencies, subjee! to the Payment of

Land-tax or Cess, an annual Assessment not exceeding Two and an Half per Centum in the Pound of

the real Rents, as the fame now arc, or shall at any Time hereafter (land rated in the Cess Books

of the said Burgh of Canongate, or so much of the said Sums as the said Magistrates, Treasurer,

and Prefes of the Stent-matters aforesaid shall judge necessary for the said Service at the Time; which

annual Assessment shall be payable in the fame iYoportions, and at the fame Times, with the Cess

for each Year respe#ively, and shall be levied and collected by the Clerk of Canongate, Collector

of the Cess for the said Burgh of Canon ^site; for collecting of which Assessment, such Allowance

shall be made as the said Ma^istrates, Treasurer, and Prefes of the Stent-masters, shall judge pro-

per; and the like Action 2nd Execution shall be, and is hereby directed and appointed to be com-

petent for recovering and levying such AffeflVnent as is authorised by the Law and Practice of Scotland*

and used there for levying and in-bringing of the Cess or Land-tax j and the said Collectors of the Cess

for the said Burgh of Canongate, for the Time being, arc hereby impowered and required so to levy,

collect, and afterwards pay over the said Assessment to the said Magistrates, Treasurer, and Prefes of

Che Stent-masters, or to such Person or Persons as they, or a Majority of them, shall appoint.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, That in Time coming, no Person shall be appointed a Stent- *cation

tnafter within the said Burgh of Canongate, who is not a refidiivg Heritor for the Time, possessed.of Lands

and Tenements to the Value of Fifteen Pounds Sterling of yearly Rent. c,r

X. And be it enacted, That the said Lamps within the Canongate, Phafance and Leith-wynd* shall be Limps within

lighted With, and continue burning as long as the Lamps within the City of Edinburgh, or longer, if ,hc canonpate

judged necessary. to centinue

burning as long at the Lamps within the City of Edinburgh.

1 XI. And, for raising and establishing a Fund for defraying the Expence of watching and cleansing Three Fourth

1 the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, Paflae.es, Vcnnels, and Avenues of the fiid Burgh of Canongate, Plea- Pir,oftheM(>-

‘Janet, and Leitlo-avynd? be it enacted, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March next, the said Ihe'sett*"? the

Magistrates shall annually, in all Time coming, apply Three-fourth Parts of the Monies or Tack-Dung, &c. tot*

duties arising, or that shall arise, from the Sett of the Dung or Fulzie of or upon the said Streets, Ave- applied toward*

nues. Ways, Passages, Closes, Venncls, and others, of the said Burgh of Canongate, Phafance, and cleansing »nd

Leith-wyni, towards defraying the Expence of cleansing and watching the said Streets Avenues, Pal-

sages, and others.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall only in Time coming be lawful to the Lid Magistrates Dung, fcc.tobe

to sett or lease the said Dung or Fulzie by publick Roup, upon previous Notice of Four Weeks in each lel bx publuk

of 7'wo of the Edinburgh Newspapers, and for no longer Space than Five Years at each Sett or Roup*

Lease.

XIII. And be it further ena#cd, That from and after the said Twenty-fifth Day of Alarch next, the

said Magistrates shall be impowered, and they are hereby impowered ana required annually to levy the ^ILb'c b\°A£t

whole Monies leviable from the Inhabitants within the said Burgh of Concngate, in virtue of an A# of cf parliament of

the Parliament of Scotland in the Year One thousand six hundred and sixty-thrcc, by the Name of An- Scotland in

nuity, or so much thereof as they shall judge necessary toanswer the Purpose of the said A#, in the first *663» for

Place; and in the next Place, for defraying the Deficiency of the Expence of watching and cleansing Purpose*°t ibo

the Streets, Lanes, Paflaecs, and others, of the said Burgh of Canon(ratt, Phafance, and Leith-wynd,

after Application of the aforesaid Three-fourth Parts of the Monies or '1'ack-duties arising, or that shall

arise from the Sett of the Dung or Fulzie of the Streets, Ways, and others, of the said Buigh of Canon-

gate, Phafance, and Leith wynd.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the aforesaid Assessment of Deficiency of tbt

Two and an Half per Centum upon th? real Rent of the Houses and Tenements di.ected to be levied Fund for l»ght-

by the Authority of this Act, for Lighting the Streets of the said Burgh of Canongate, Phafance,^jwu,kt

and Leith-ivyad, shall prove insufficient for defraying that Expence; and t..at the Thiec-fourth Parts upp

of the Monies and Tack-duties arising, or that may arise from the Dung and Fulzie of the Streets ;

and that the whole Fund of Annuity aforesaid, authorised to be levied by the Act of the Parliament of

Scotland in the Year One thousand six hundred and sixty-three, shall be more than sufficient for an-

fwering the Purposes of that Act, and for defraying the Expence of watching and cleansing the Streets*

Lanes, Passages, and others, of the said Burgh of Canongate, Phafance, and Leith-uynd, it shall and

may be lawful to the said Magilha*;s of Canongate to apply the Surplus arising fiom the said Tack-

Y y a duti s

