C. 9,

Anno undecimo Georg 11 III.

A.D. i77r.

Andrew Saint John, Sir V'lllars Chernocke Baronet, Sir Peter Rivers Gay Baronet, Charles At dot Esquire,

Nicholas Baconrcau Surgeon, the Reverend Thomas Bal^uy D. D Joseph Bather Surgeon, Join Barton and

John Bidden Carpenters, Peter Binjleed Joiner, the Reverend Charles Biad;/hne% John Bradlurn Wine-

merchant, John Brereton Apothecary, Thomas Brereton Upholder, John Bur don Bookseller, the Reverend

John Burton I) D. John Burcher Barber, Charles Carter Glazier, Robert Clarke and William Clarke Gentle-

men, Nofj'aujer voice Coleman Draper, the Reverend Thomas Collins, David Comjigne Grocer, Clarks Wo I-

ft an Cornwall Esquire, the Reverend Re,nell Cotton, James Crick Innholder, John Collins Brewer, Wiliam

Collins Tailor, John Crabb Upholder, Charles Darkin? Peruke maker, the Reverend JJni Dennis, James

Dibfdale Innholder, John Dojivell senior. Butcher, John Dowling Maltster, Ge:r^> JCjh

Duthy Esquire, Timothy Detwam Wool-ftapler, JViUiam Edwards Joiner, (i^orge Lari heilmonger, Thomas

Earl Confedtioner, Peter Fu[]cll senior, Gentleman, the Reverend Timothy GabelL Carew Gauntlctt and

Peter Gauntlet!^ Wine-merchants, Edward Grace Gentleman, Edward Gater Butcher, William Gyje Mer-

cer, William Grenville Bookseller, Harry Green Silversmith, Robert Hayes Mercer, WitUam Hays Upholder,

William Hammond Esquire, John Hayes Cabinet-maker, Richard Holloway Gentleman, John Hooper Watch-

maker, William Hooper Merchant, Samuel Kent Glazier, the Reverend Lancelot Kirby, Ct anley T homas Kirby

Esquire, William Kcrnot Bricklayer, Berrington King Surgeon, William Knapp lenior, Brazier, Charles

Knott Gentleman, JViUiam Lavender Draper, Robert Lrverjuch Stone-mason, the Reverend Hairy LecD. ID*

Warden of JVinton College, Thomas Lipfcombe Apothecary, Charles Lyford Surgeon, Charles Lover Innhold-

er, William Meader Merchant, the Reverend William Mence, Stephen Alinchin Miller, the Reverend New-

ton Ogle D. D. Dean of the Cathedral Church of Winchester, Philip Newbolt Druggill, the Reverend John

Aionk Newbolt, Henry Penton Esquire, Nevinson Pool Eiquirc, James Poulfome Parchment-maker, George

Powlett Esquire, John Puffer Grocer, the Reverend Rice Price, the Reverend Edmund P)le D. D. James

Pyle Esquire, Edward Pyott Merchant, George Rogers Coach-maker, Paulet Saint John Esquire, James Serle

Gentleman, Daniel Shaw Esquire, the Reverend Robert Shipman LL. D. Roger Shipman Gentleman, John

Silver senior, Mercer, Nicholas Purdue Smith Wine-merchant, Richard Smith Saddler, John Smyth M. D.

Henry Sparjboft Draper, James Spearing Gentleman, John Spencer senior. School-mailer, John Spencer junior.

Gentleman, Thomas Stoner Esquire, the Reverend John Sturges, Francis Swanton Esquire, JViUiam Thomas

Apothecary, Thomas JValdron Gentleman, Samuel JValldin Stone-mason, Thomas Goodridge Waller Mercer,

the Reverend Joseph JVaiton D. D. the Reverend Richard Wavell, James ll'eljh M. D. Joseph IThatley Mer-

chant, James tVhite Gentleman, William Woodward senior. Merchant, John Wool Druggill, Thomas I Too is

Draper, Henry Wiltshire Butcher, and Nicholas Wake Woolftapler, and their Successors (to be elected in

Manner herein after mentioned) shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Att

in Execution : And in case of the Death of any of the above Commissioners, or some or one of them, or of

removing their Residence from the said City and Parishes aforesaid, or of their Refusal or Neglect to act for

the Space of one whole Year, or in case either of them shall be chosen Mayor or Alderman for the City

aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the surviving Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, from

time to time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, toeledt some other Person, qualified in the Manner

after mentioned, in the Place or Stead of the Commissioner lo dying, removing, neglecting, or refuiing to

act, or being chosen Mayor, or Alderman, ten Days Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting for every

such Election being given in Writing, Cgned by the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the Time being,

and affixed to some publick Place within the said City ; and every Person lo elected, shall, from the Time

of his Election, have the fame Power and Authority for putting this Act into Execution, as if he had been

expressly named and appointed a Commissioner by this Act.

Qualification of II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be ca-

Commissioners. pable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be an Inhabitant of, or Re-

fident within, the said City or Parishes aforesaid, or some or one of them, and shall be in his own Right, or

Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, and

Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of twenty Pounds, arising within the said City or Suburbs thereof,

or shall be possessed of a personal Estate of the Value of one thousand Pounds : And if any Person, not

being so qualified, shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, every such Person

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall

sue for the same ; to be recovered in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of

Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protediion, or Wager at Law, or

more than one Imparlance shall be allowed ; and the Person so sued shall prove that he was so qualified at

the Time he acted, or otherwise flull pay the said Penalty, without any Proof being given, other than that

he acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Exe-

cution of this Act during the Time that he shall hold any Office under the said Commissioner?, except the

Office of Treasurer, or during such Time as he shall enter into, be engaged in, or have the Benefit of any

Contract, or shall have any Interest in any Contract whatsoever j or after he shall have made and delivered

in, or caused to be delivered in, any Proposals to the said Commissioners, to enter into, or be engaged in

any Contract, or to have any Share or Interest in any Contract, such Proposals having been accepted or re-

jedted by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall and

may, and they are hereby iir.powered and required, to meet at the County Hall in the said City on Monday

Fortnight next after the passing this Act, between the Hours of ten and eleven in the Forenoon, and proceed

to the Execution of this Act; and then, from time to time, afterwards to adjourn themselves, and meet at

any Place within the said City, as often as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall think

pi ope r

How new one*

are to be ap-

pointed.

Person* afttng

who are not

qualified, to

forfeit 50 1.

No Officer or

Contractor to

« a Com-

missioner.

First Meeting.

I* >v * r of Ad-

j ;.u r.’riiCiit.

