766 C. 48. Anno dcciino tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

The Wotki not

to be subject to

the Controul of

(’omm.flioncii

of Sewers.

Limitation of

Aftioas,

*€ acral Iflwe.

Treble Costs.

iPubliek Act.

VHL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Cut or Canal, or any Work*

whatsoever by virtue of this Act, dfoall not be subject to the Controul, Direction, Survey, or Orders

of any Commissioners of Sewers, or to any Law or Statute relating to Sewers; any Thing, or any

former Law or Statute, to the Contrary hereof notwithstanding.

IX. Provided always^ and berit further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be

commer ced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done, or to be done, in pursuance of this

Act, every such Suit or Information shall be brought or commenced within Six Calendar Months

nextafter the Fact committed; or in case there be a Continuation of Damages, then within Six Ca-

lendar Months next after the doing thereof (Hall cease, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and

brought in the said County of York, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such

Suit, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence,

at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of

this Act*: And if it shall appear to have beeh so done,-or that such Action, Suit, or Information, was

-commenced or brought after the Time so limited for bringing the fame, or was brought in any other

County than as aforesaid; then, and in such Cafe, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants;

and, upon such Verdict, or if-the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Prosecutor or Prosecutors, shall become Non-

suit, or suffer a DUcontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions, Suit, or Information,

after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall

be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover

Treble.Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the fame, as when Costs by Laws are awarded.

X. And-be it further enacted, That that this Act shall be allowed in all Courts whatsoever as a

Publick Act; and al] Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are.hereby required to take Notice of it as

such, without Specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual Two Acts, made,'One in the “Eighth

and the other in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for regulating the

[Nightly Watch and Beadles, and for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Parish

of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes in the said

Atts mentioned.

' preamble. 1 T XT HEREAS in and by Two several A dU made. One in the “Eighth Year of the Reign of

8 ©co, HI. yV His present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for repealing an Act, made An the Twenty-ninth Tear of

the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the

4 Nightly Watch and Beadles, and cleansing, enlightening, and paving the Streets, Squares, Lancs, and

c other Passages, and repairing the Hi ghway$v and'causeways, and regulating the Poor, within the Parish

4 of Saint Mary le Bone, i ri the County oiMiddlesex) and for making more effectualProvisionsfor ihofe Purposer;

AO 10 Geo. III. And the.other in the Tenth of His said Majesty’s Reign; intituled, An Act for the more effectually

4 paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other PaJjqges, and for regulating

4 (freights and Meafur^s, within the JParish of Saint Mary le.Bone, in the County 0^ Middlesex, and for

4 other Purposes therein mentioned; certain rowers were, for the Purpose of the due Execution of the

4 said Two Acts, veiled in* the Veftrymcn andJCommissioners therein respectively named: And where -

4 as the said Veftrymcn and Commissioners have made a very considerable Progress in the Execution of

the several Powers by the said Acts in them respectively veiled; but find that the good Purposes in-

4 tended by the said Acts cannot be effedhjally answered, unless the said Acts are further amended f

may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted.; and be it enacted by the King’s most

S'Geo'ni m Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and -Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

impowenthe* Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of

the Vcftrym«ii the said Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as veils the Power of rc-

- to regulate the gulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles in the Veftrymcn of the said Parish shall be repealed: And

Nightly w*toh rhat from and after the passing of this Act, the Nightly Watch and Beadles of the said Parish (subjedi

-and Beadles re- to the RQ|es> Directions, and Powers, in the said Act prescribed, with respect to the fame) Oiall be

mnd'hyWu Act under the foie Authority, Jurisdiction, and Controul, of the Commissioners acting by virtue of the said

tote under the Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Jleign of His present Majesty; any Thing contained in the said

Dite^ion, &c. Act of the Eighth Year of His said Majesty’s Reign, for veiling the Authority, Jurisdiction, and

the Commis- Controul, of the Nightly Watch and Beadles in the Vestrymen of the said Parish, to the Contrary

fnnevs -thereof notw ithftanding.

cfrryme H. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, other than

cV Afoci^wny *be Scavenger or Scavengers contradling with the £aid Commissioners, or those employed under him

- not being the or them, shall carry a way any Dust, Cinders, or Allies, from any House or other Premises, in any

Scaieager, dull Square,'Street, Lane,>or Place, within the Limits of the said Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign

iatut of His present Majesty, <(without the Consent of the Owner); in every such Cafe, it shall and may be

lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize,

and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing the Offender or Offenders; and he and they

is and are hereby required so to do* by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to

^convey and deliver him or them.into. the iCustody of a, Peace OJucef, in order to be.secured and con-

veyed

