A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. €.31, 32, 33. 453

that Year to such Justices respectively ; and if any Surplus shall remain, in any Year, of the Produce

of the said Duties, after Payment of the Monies hereby charged thereon, the fame shall be reserved for

the Disposition of Parliament, in the same Manner as it was directed to be reserved before the making

of this Act,

cap. xxxr.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments ;

and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their

Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further 'l ime for those Purposes ;

and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose

Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been

loft or miilaiJ, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped, and to give further

Time to such Persons as have omitted Co make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of

Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

CAP. XXXII. -

An Act for allowing the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom, from any of His

Majesty’s Colonies in America for a limited Time.

4 IT 7 HEREAS the allowing the free Importation of Rice from any of His Majesty's Colonies in preamble*

4 VV America into Great Britain for a limited Time, may be of great Advantage ; may it there-

4 fore please Your Majesty that it may be enabled and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the

passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into Great Britain, Rkemtybeim-

from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, at any Time or Times before the First Day of May, ported Duryfree,

One thousand ftven hundred and seventy-three, any Rice without the Payment of any Subsidy, Custom- «y T,n* before

duty, or Imposition whatsoever, any Thing in any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the Contrary ay *’

thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for and upon all Rice which shall be Subsidy of 6d.

imported into this Kingdom Duty-free by this Act, and which shall be again exported thereout, per Pound on all

there shall be paid and answered to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succellbrs, a Subsidy of Poundage ofRice imported.

Sixpence in the Pound, according to the Value or Rate upon Rice imported, in the Book of Rates, to^c!*,£h ac"

referred to by the Act of the Twelfth Year of King Charles the Second ; which said Subsidy of Six- vliuc^hcreo^

pence in the round, upon such Rice so exported, shall be raised, levied, collected, and recovered, by to be levied as’

such Ways and Means, and under such Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the Subsidy the Subsidy of

or Poundage, for any Goods or Merchandise exported from Great Britain, may be raised, levied, col- ^•undageon

ledted, or recovered, by any Act of Parliament now in Force, as fully and eft'edtually to alls Intents ot“r Goodi*

and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures relating thereto,

were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties granted by this Act Duti« hereby

upon Rice exported, shall (the necessary Charges of Management excepted) be paid into the Receipt to be

of His Majesty’s Exchequer, and be there reserved for the Disposition of Parliament. R^jptof X*.

chequer.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Meal, and Indian

Corn, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

4 \\T HEREAS the Importation of Wheat and Wheat Flour, Rye, and Rye Meal, from any Part Preunblt,

4 VV <>f Europe, or from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, and also the Importation of In-

4 than Corn, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time,

4 free of Duty, may be advantageous to His Majesty’s Subjects *, may it therefore please Your most Ex-

4 ccllent Majesty that it may be enacted;’ and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament aftcn.bled, and by the Authority of the same That it shall and m^y be lawful to and for any

Person or Persons whatsoever, to import into Great Britain, in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, at any

Time or Tinus before the First Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, any

Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, and Rye Meal, from any Part of Europe, or from any of His Majesty's Co-

ionics in America \ and also any Indian Corn, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, into Great

Britain, without the Payment of any Subsidy, Custom-duty, or Imposition whatsoever; and may also

be carried Coastwise, under such Regulations as Wheat and Wheat Flour, Rye, and Rye Meal, of the

Growth of this Kingdom, are now allowed to be carried Coastwise, at all Times before the said First

Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two ; any Thing in any former or other Adf

or Acts of Parliament to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Flour, Rve, and

Rye Me.il, may

be imprrtrd,

withourPayment

ol Duty, at any

Time before

Dec. 1, 1771,

from any Part of

Europe or A*

xncrica.

v^ooooie

