844 C. 77. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

<1461. lot. 5d. XX, And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Th*t OOt t>f all or any the Aids or

the Cm! eS*- Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceed-

blifliraentof " Five thousand One hundred forty-six Pounds, Ten Shillings, and Five Pence, upon Account, for

Nov* Scotia; maintaining and supporting the Civil Establi foment of His Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia, for the

308*1. for the Year One thousand ieven hundred and seventy-three; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding

Cml EiUbhfli- 'Three thousand and eighty-six Pounds, upon Account for defraying the Charges of the Civii Efiablish-

4950°. foMS* ment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the

civil Establtfh* Twenty-fourth Day of Juney One thousand seven hundred and seventy-tvvfc, to the Twenty fourth

Btentof feast Day of Juney One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three; and any Sum or Sums of Money not

Florida exceeding Four thousand nine hundred and fifty Pounds, upon Account, for defraying the Expences

of the Civil Establifoment of His Majesty’s Colony of East Florida, and other incidental Expences at-

tending the fame, from the Twenty-fourth Day of Juney One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two,

to the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three; and any Sum or

71741.13«.6d. Sums of Money not exceeding Seven thousand two hundred seventy-four Pounds, Thirteen Shillings

for the Ciivl and Sixpence, upon Account for defraying the Bxpences of the Civil Establifoment of His Majesty’s

Establi&mentof Colony of Weft Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the Twenty-fourth

Wert Florida* Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One

dcfia in^Ex* thousand seven hundred and seventy-three; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thou-

pencei attending f*nd eight hundred eighty-five Pounds four Shillings, upon Account, for defraying the Expences at-

domys in tending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year One thousand

Narth Amwiau feveh hundred and seventy-three.

Not excecdia* XXI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, out of all or any the Aids or

ywHng and°rre" Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not ex-

tnjuatainiaf fee ceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds, to be employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting the fir/-

Fortsin Africa, tish Forts and Settlements on the Coastof Africa; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six

1. 9d. aq. thousand three hundred thirty-six Pounds, and Nine-pence Halfpenny, upon Account for defraying

kheCrnTfiAa- Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establifoment of the Government of Senrgumbia,

lU&ment on that Part of the Coast of Africa situate between the Port of Sallee in South Barbary and Cape Rouge,

Senegambia. for the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

a«ool. for XXII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, out of all or any the Aids or

building a Bridge Supplies aforesaid, there mall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, notexcccd-

Thamtt from if!? wo thousand Pounds, towards enabling the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River

Westm'inster,to Thames from the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, to maintain the

the oppose* said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not ex-

Shore in Surrey, ceeding I ive thousand Pounds, to be advanced to the Governor and Company of the Merchants of Eng~

*0001 to land trading into the Levant Seas, to be applied in afllfting the said Company in carrying on their Trade,

‘tkeGovcraerind Company of Merchants of England trading to the Lfvnot Seas,

6998l.T0t.9d. XXIII, And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, out of all or any the Aids

on account of or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not ex-

the Expense of ceeding Six thousand nine hundred ninety-eight Pounds, Ten Shillings and Nine-pence, upon Ac-

count of Expences of the new Roads of Communication, and building Bridges in the Highland* of

of Scotland in North Britain, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

1773#

Not exceeding XXIV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, out of all or any the Aids

or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may bie issued and applied the Sum of Four thousand three hun-

Gordon andDt^ ^rc.^ an<* sixty-three Pounds, to enable His Majesty to repay to Messieurs Hodgson, Gordon, and Debon-

bonnaire, over- noire, the like Sum which has been overpaid by them to the Commissioners of Excise for the Duties

paid by them for of Excise upon Beer and Ale, such Commissioners not having made the full Allowance for Wade

Duties of Excise agreeable to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, passed in the First Year of King William and

®n Mary, (intituled, An At1 for an additional Duty of Excise upon Beer and Ale, and other Liquors); and any

wShamj Jr Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, to be advanced to Doctor Richard

kis inveoting a Williams, of Saint Margaret's Westminster, as a Reward for his inventing a fast Green and Yellow Dye

fast Green and on Cotton Yarns and Thread, and for discovering the Secret thereof.

Yellow Dye on

Cotton Yarns,

48,2451. iis, XXV. And it is hereby alfoenaQcd by the Authority aforesaid, That, out of all or any the Aids

6d.tothc sink- or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not ex-

ing Fund to ceeding Forty-eight thousand two hundred forty-five Pounds, Eleven Shillings, and Sixpence, to

Deficiency on rePjace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame to make good the Deficiency on the

juiy 5,1772, «f Fifth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, of the Fund established for paying

the Food for Annuities in respe& of Five Millions borrowed by virtue of an ASt, made in the Thirty-first Year of

pay in 1 Annul- the Reign of His late Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year One thousand

$ seven hundred fifty-eight , and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Twenty-one thousand

Jmakc go*od7 e*£hty-five Pounds, One Shilling, and Seven-pence, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for

the Deficiency of

the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

Grants for i77». XXVI. And

