The TITLES of the STATUTE S.

thereby In the Purchase of other Estates, to he settled to

such of the Uses of the Will of William Wall* deceased,

as are now subsisting.

130 An Act for Sale of One undivided Fourth-Part of the

Landsof InnerUith* lying in theCcuiity of Edinburgh *znd

of One undivided Fourth Part of the Lands of Darn-

chester* in the County of Berwick* being Parts of the en-

tailed* Estate of Colonel James Cathcart* deceased; and

for purchasing other Lands and Estates, to be settled, in

lieu thereof, upon the fame Persons, and to the likeUfes

and Purposes.

131. An Act for giving further Powers to the Trustees

named in a certain Act of Parliament, made in the Ninth

Year of the Reign of His pru- nt Majesty, intituled,

44 An Act to impower the Trustees of the Will of the

44 late General Puhney* and other Trustees appointed

44 by this Act, to purchase and exchange Lands and

44 Grounds, in the Manor of Baihzvick*M\ the County

44 of Somerset* for the Purpose of making certain Roads

44 and Wa\s to and from a free Bridge by them intended

%c to be built over the River Avon* in the said County ;

44 and also to knpower the Persons in Possession of the

44 said F.fiate, for the Time being, under the said Will,

44 to grant Leases of certain Lands and Houses in the

44 said Manor ; and likewise to er able the said Trustees

44 to grant certain Grounds and Springs of Water, with-

44 in the said Manor of Batbwick, to the Mayor, Alder-

44 men*, and Citizens of Bath* and for extending the

44 Jurisdiction of the said Mayor, Aidermen, ana Ci-

44 tizens, over Part of the said Manor of Bathwick ; and

44 for other Purposes therein mentionedand for en-

larging the Powers of Leafing given by the said Act to

the Persons therein named; and for other Purposes,

132-. An Act for reinvesting divers Manors, Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, ficuate and be-

ing in the County of Staffordy late the Eft ate of Robert

harbor, deceased, in the several Persons now in being,

and for such Estates, as they are severally intitled under

the Will of the said Robert Barbor ; and for enabling

James Mayo and Charles Mayo to join in such Con-

veyances as shall be necefl'ary for those Purposes.

133* An- Act to impoiver James Batfon and Edward Buck-

ley Batfon, Esquires, Testamemary Guardians of the

Person and Estate of Edward PeryBuckley, an Infant, to

grant Leases of the Estate of Pery Buckley, Esquire, de-

ceased.

134. An Act for vesting a Mefltiage, called Highfield Housey

and divers Lands, with the Appurtenances, in the

County of Glouce/hry the settled Estates of Benjamin Ja-

son Parrot, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed

as therein mentioned ; and for laying out the Money ari-

sing by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and

Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses.

13c. An Act for vesting divers Freehold, Copyhold, and

Leasehold Estates, late of Edmund Buntingy Elizabeth

Bunting* and Tomlinson Bunting, deceased, in Trustees,

to be sold, to raise Money, to be applied, under the Di-

rection of the Court of 'Chancery, in Payment of the

Debts, Incumbrances, and Legacies, charged upon, and

affecting the fame, and other the Purposes therein men-

tioned.

136. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons

and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Appleby* in

the County of Westmorland.

137. An Act for inclosing, dividing, allotting, and impro-

ving, certain Common Wcods and Moor Lands within

the Borough and Parish of IVigmore, in the County of

Hereford\

138. An Act for dividing and !• c’ofing certain Open Par-

eels of Arable and Pasture Grounds, in the Manor of

Much Wenlock* otherwise Wenlock Magna* other wise Great

Wenlocky in the County of Snip.

139. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Comnon Meadows, Common Pastures,

Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Grounds, in the

Parish of Moulton* in the County of Northampton.

14°* An Act for dividing and allt tting theCommon Fields*

Common Meadows, Downs, and Commonable Lands,

in the several ?a\ '\fhes of Letcomb Basset* otherwise Upper

Letcomhy and Childrey* in the County of Berks.

141* An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Waste Grounds, and Open and Common Fields,

within the Townships or Hamlets of Great'2nd Little

Stciinton, Newbjggin* and Great Blencow* in the Barony

of Greyflock* in the County of Cumberland.

142. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Commom Fields* Common Pastures, Common Mea-

dows, and Commonable Lands, of and within the

Hamlet and Liberties of Charlton* in the Parishes of

NewbottU and King's. Sutton, or One of them,.in the

County of Northampton•

143. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons,

or Moors,.wuthin.thel\>wiifoipof&?jty70i?, in the County

of York-

144. An Act for vesting in William Russel, and his Heirs,

in Fee Simple, several Mefluaees, Lands, and Heredi-

taments, in the County of Worcester, comprised in his

Mairiage Settlement,' discharged from the Uses of

the said Settlement; and for settling other Messuages,

Lands, and Hereditaments, of the said William Russel*

in the County, of Warwick* of greater Value, in lieu

thereof ; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

145. An Act for inrolling in the Court of Chancery in

Great Britain an Exemplification of the Will of Chr iff

topher Robinson* late of the Colony of Virginia* in Arne-

trurica* deceased* to be made under the Provincial Seal

of the said Colony ; and for making Copies of such In-

rolment Evidence in Great Britain, for enfranchising

certain Copyhold Estates, late the Property of the said

Christopher Robinson* in the County of York ; and for

making Satisfaction to the Prebendary of Dunington for

the fame ; and for other Purposes.

Vol- XI.

c

T H E

