920 C. 84. Anno decimo tertio Georgii. in A.D. 177J*

could'not agree about the Repair thereof), viewed a certain Part of the Highway, (or Turnpike Roads

described in the Plan hereunto annexed, of the Length of Yards, which hath been fer

out and appropriated for a new Highway, (or Turnpike Road), between and*4

in lieu of an old Highway, (or Turnpike Road) which hath been ordered to be flopped

up, and having also viewed the Ground where the said old Highway was situated, and having summon--

cd the Surveyor of the said new Highway, (or Turnpike Road), and also A. B. (who was Liable by Te-

nure, etc.) Jf the said old Road lay in a different Parish, and was'to-be repaired by the Inhabitants, leave out

the Words in Italick, and insert (the Surveyor of the (Parish, etc.) of where the said

old Road lay, who were liable) to the Repair of the said old Highway, for Turnpike Road), to appear

before us this Day ; and having heard what has been alledged touching the Repairs of the said Part of

' the said Highway, (or Turnpike Road), and having fully considered the fame, and all the Circuro-

fiances of the Cafe, we think it just and reasonable, and do hereby order and (adudge,) that the faid7

•* A. B. (or the Inhabitant of the said Parish, etc.) shall, from Time to Time, repair, and keep in Rc-r

pair, the Whole, (or a Part of the said Highway) from to

containing Yards in Length at each End, whereof we have caused aToft, or Stone^

to be placed, to ascertain the Extent thereof.

Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day oP .17

(If it be agreed, by the Consent of the Parties, ta pay a, Sum in grofts, in lieu of such Repairs, after the0

Word (adjudge) insert (By and with the Consent of the said A B; signified by his subscribifig hit-

Name to this Order,) (or by the Consent of the Inhabitants of the said (Parish, etc.) of

signified in Writing, at a Vestry or other publick Meeting, a Copy whereof is hereunder written) that'

% the said A. B. (or the Inhabitants, etc.\ is (or are) .liable to repair Part of the said new Highway ; and*

' that if he (or they) shall, on or before the Day of nexr

pay to the Surveyors of the Highways of the said (Parish, etc.) of {if it is not'

Turnpike Road) ' and, if it be Turnpike Road, (to the Treasurer of the said Turnpike Road), the Sum of

he the said At B. and his Heirs, (or the said Inhabitants, and their Sue*

cessors) shall be for ever acquitted and discharged from the Burden and Obligation to repair the said new

Highway, or any Part hereof.

(If it be by the Consent ef Parties agreed to pay an annual Sum in lieu of such Repairs, the Form will-

be easily varied, and adapted to that Cafe.)

I do consent and agree to the above Order.

MB.

No.' XC

Agreement of Inhabitants, at a Vestry, or publick Meeting, to pay a gross Sum, or annual^

Payment, ,to be discharged from the Repair of a particular Road*

WE, whole Names are subscribed, being a Majority of the Inhabitants of the (Parish, etc.) of*

assembled, this • Day of’ at*

Veilry, or publiclcMeeting. held pursuant to Notice duly given, for the Purposes of consulting about

an Agreement to be made concerning the Repair of Part of a Highway (or Turnpike Road) within the

said (Parish,etc.) of do consent and ag-ee to pay the Sum of

to be absolutely exonerated and discharged from all future R-epiirs of tie said Highway, (or Turnpika-

Road) (or if an annual Payment be agreed upon), to pay. annually the Sum^of 1

Na.-xn.

Agreement between the Trustees of a Turnpike Road, and a Person liable by Tenure to*

repair feme Part of it.

At a Meeting of the Trustees of the Turnpike Roads under an Act,pass d in the Year of

the Reign ofKingGwrgc the for [State me principal Pstrt of the Title of the*

Ad] held at the< Day of 17

WHEREAS A. & of is liable by Tenure, tsfc. (as the Cafe shall be) to the

Repair of a certain Highway leading between and . of the%

Length of Yards, or thtreabouts, and the' said Highway being now made Turnpike'

Road by virtue of the* said Act, will occasion a greater Ex pence to make and keep the fame in proper

Repair than would have been necessary if no such Ad had been obtained ; and the said A. A attend-

ing this Meeting in Person; (or by C*D.»his Attorney, or Agent, auchorifed to treat in his Behalf) the*

said Trustees and the (aid>y/. B. &c. in pursuance of a Power given by an Act, passed inr the Thir-

teenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third', For regulating Turnpike Roads, have, in.order

put and keep the said Road in proper Condition and Repair^come to tho following Agreement;

videlicet.

