532 C. 5i> 52.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1772.

Price shall amount to Ten Pounds per Load of Hatch Bark, or to Two Pounds Ten Shillings per

Load of Rind Bark* each Load containing respectively as aforesaid, and the Importation thereof be

ProvLio. again permitted in Manner above directed. Provided always that no Certificate to be produced to the

Lord Mayor or Aldermen as aforesaid shall affect the Importation of Oak Bark, unless it Hull appear

that the Quantities purchased within the Space of One Month, and duly registered as directed by this

Act, shall exceed One hundred Loads of Hatch, or Three handred Loads of Rind Bark, each Load

containing respectively as aforesaid. ’ '

Persons neglect- X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons purchasing Bark within the Limits

to g*vc m aforesaid {hall neglect, for the Space of Fourteen Days, to give a Note in Writing to the Clerk of

cdu> forfciT " Tanners Company of his or their Purchase or Purchases, pursuant to the Directions of this AQ,

a<^ or shall give in a false Note, or a Note deficient in any of the Particulars aforesaid, every Person or

Persons mall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; to be recovered and ap-

plied in Manner herein after directed: And if the Clerk of the said Tanners Company shall refufeor

Clerk neglecting neglect, for the Space of Three Days, to enter the said Note or Notes, after the fame shall be deli-

to enter such *0 vered to him as aforesaid, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of 'Fen Pounds x

forfeit 101. to be recovered and applied in Manner herein-after directed.

Order* given XI. Provided always. That if any Person or Persons shall bona fide give any Order or Orders for the

during the Time Importation of Oak Bark, during the Time that such Bark was allowed to be imported, on Payment

tobe'-aliSr ^utY of One Penny per Hundred Weight, but which Bark shall not arrive till after the Im-

portation thereof was flopped in Manner aforesaid, such Oak Bark shall and may, (upon sufficient

Proof being made to the Collector of the Customs, by producing Copies of the Orders and Affidavits

to verify the fame, that the Orders for such Bark were given while the fame was allowed to be im-

ported upon Payment of the said DutyJ, be entered and imported upon Payment of the Duty

aforesaid.

Lord Mayor,fcc. XII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Lord Mayor or Aldermen shall, within the Space

to summon and of Ten Days after such Certificate has been made and delivered as aforesaid, have Reason to suspect,

examine ofirnd- or jf Affidavit shall be made before him or them that the said Certificate was not truly or bona fide

ersuponUa . made* or that the fame does not contain the true Particulars of the Bargains therein specified; then,

' and in any such Cafe, it shall be lawful for the said Mayor or Aldermen, and he or they are hereby

required, to summon before him or them respectively any Person or Persons, and to examine them re-

spectively upon Oath, which Oath the said Mayor or Aldermen are hereby authotiltd to administer,

touching the Rates and Prices of Oak Bark, or any other Matter or Thing contained in the said Cer-

tificate.

Person* guUtyof XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons swearing to the Certificates, or to

kgT[4na»*iki.° Entries and Notes as above directed, or who shall be examined on Oath, pursuant to the Directions

of this Act, shall wilfully forswear him or herself, or themselves, every such Person or Persons shall be

subject and liable to be prosecuted as for Perjury, by Indictment or Information, by due Course of Law;

and, if convicted, shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties that Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt

Cond-mnrd.

Bark, and all

Penalties inflict

ed, recoverable

by Action of

Debt, &c.

Perjury are subject and liable to.

And be it further enacted, That all such Oak Bark which shall be seized and condemned in*

pursuance of this Act, and all Penalties and Forfeitures whatsoever by this Act inflicted, shall and

may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Jf^eftminster^ by

Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in the Name or His Majesty’s Attorney-general, or ia

the Name or Names of the Officer or Officers of the Excise or Customs, who shall seize the said Oak.

Bark; and One Moiety of the clear Produce arising from the Sale of all such Goods, and of the Penal-

. . ties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, after all Charges deducted, shall belong to His Majesty, His

Hi* Majesty!^ Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who shall seise, inform, or

prosecute for the fame.

Act to cojvinu* XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act^shall continue and be ia

in Force for Jwe Force for the Term; of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then, next Session of Pax-

Ymw. liament.

GAP. LI-

An Act for continuing an Act\ made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to pre-

vent the further spreading of the contagious Disorder among the Horned Cattle in Great Britain, till

September 29th One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four.

C A. P. LII-

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners. of His Majesty’s Treasury to* order and allow; out of the

Money arising by the Coinage Duty, a certain Sum therein mentioned, for the Expences of prol’e-

cuting Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin, in the Year One thousand seven hundred

and seventy* over and above the Sum yearly allowed for that Service.

CAP.

\

