A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 29. 169

Deputy, with the major Part of the Common Councilmen of the said Ward, to rate and afllfs the said P,c-

m:fcs at the Times the said Commissioners shall direct as aforesaid; and in such Cafe, as well as in case

the faiJ Premises shall, after the making such Rate or Rates, Aflcllment or Afllflments, become empty,

untenanted, or unoccupied, one half of every such Rate or Afllflment shall be charged on such Premiles

respectively, and be paid by the first Tenant or Occupier thereof, who shall and may, and is hereby au-

thored to deduct and detain the fame out of his or her Rent, and the Landlord or Owner or Owners of

such Premises is and aie hereby required to allow such Dedu6tions and Payments upon Receipt of the

Refulue of his, her, or their respective Rents, and the faiJ Tenant or Occupier shall he, and is hereby

acquitted and discharged of and for so much of his or her Rent, as the Rate or Afllflments, so paid by

him or her, shall amount unto.

4 XLVI. And whereas many Houses in several of the Wards of the said City, arc, by the several Landlords FWcsict out u

4 or Owners thereof, let out to poor Tenants, or in Lodgings or Tenements to divers Tenants, whereby Lovi^n.s, how

4 it will be difficult to rate or assess the said Tenants, in respect of such Houses, or to recover such Rates to bcaiUifcJ.

and Aflrflments when made;’ For Remedy whereof, be it enadfeJ, 'That from and after the passing of

this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Alderman of each rclpcflive Ward, or his Deputy,

with the major Part of the Common Councilmen of the said Ward, at the Times the said Commissioners

shall direct as aforesaid, to rate and assess, in every such Rate or Assess'ment, the Owner or Owners of all

such Houses or Tenements as shall be so let for a less Rent than ten Pounds per Annuity or occupied by

two or more Tenants, which Rate or Afllflinent shall be paid by the Occupier or Occupiers of any such

Houses or Tenements, or of any Part or Parts thereof, and the Occupier or Occupiers of any such Houses

or Tenements, or of any Part or Parts thereof, and the Occupier or Occupiers of whom the fame shall be

demanded, is and arc hereby authorised and required to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be so

rated or a ill-tied upon the Owner or Owners thereof, and to deduct the fame out of his, her, or their re-

spective Rents, and the Landlord and Landlords, or Owner or Owners of such Houses or Tenements, is

and are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments, upon the Receipt of the Residue of his,

her, or their Rents; and every such Occupier paying such Afllflment or Aillfl'ncnts, shall be acquitted

and discharged for so much of his, her, or their Rent or Rents, as the said Aflcllment or Afllflments, so

paid by him or her, shall amount unto, as if the fame had been actually paid to the Person or Persons to.

whom his or her Rent shall be due and payable; and in Default of Payment of the said Rate or Rajes,

Afllflment or Afllflments, the fame shall be and remain a Charge upon the said Premises, and shall and

may be recovered of and from the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners thereof respeCfively, by Ac-

tion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster% or

within the said City, to be commenced and prosecuted determined by the said Commissioners, in the Name of their

principal Clerk for the time being; in which Action or ouit, no Protection, Lfloin, or Wager of Law,

or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XL VII. And whereas several Manufactures, Trades, Occupations, and Callings, necessarily take up Qwnm of large

€ and require great Room, by reason whereof the Persons concerned therein are obliged to pay large Rents, Warchouics, *c.

c and it may be a great and intolerable Hardship upon such Persons to be rated to the full Extent of their may be relieved

4 respective Rents, towards the Purposes of this A.lt; and whereas it may be reasonable to excuse feme by Commission-

4 Persons from the Payment of the aforesaid Rates and Afl'eflments, in the Whole, or in Part, on accounter,#

4 of their Poverty;’ For Relief therefore, in such Cafes, it is hereby further enacted and declared, That in

any of the Cafes aforesaid, any Person or Persons may apply to the said Commissioners by Petition, in

Writing, setting forth the Circumstances of his, her, or their Cafe, giving Notice to the Alderman of the

Ward wherein such Rate or Assess'ment shall have been made, or his Deputy; and such Petition shall be

taken into Consideration by the said Commissioners, at their next public Meeting, of which the Alderman

of the Ward, or his Deputy, shall have special Notice; and if it shall then appear to the said Commis-

ft mers, upon hearing the said Petitioner or Petitioners, that the said Petitioner or Petitioners is or arc inti -

tied to Relief, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised

and impowered to award the said Petitioner or Petitioners such Relief as they the said Commissioners shall

think iuft and reasonable.

XLVII. Provided always. That if the Alderman, or his Deputy, or the major Part of the Common

Councilmen of such Ward, shall think such Award unjust or unrcasonable, or if the Party or Parties con-

cerned shall think him, or herself, or themselves aggrieved by such Award, it shall and may be lawful to

and for any of them to appeal from such Award to the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the fa:d City,

who (hill hnally determine whether the said Petitioner or Petitioners is or are intitled to any, and what Re-

lief in the Premises.

XLIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall, in respect wharfs, Ac.

of any Wharf, or of any Warehouse, Vault, or Cellar upon any Wharf, not fronting any Street or Lane, how to be-i*

he raied or afllfllJ, or be liable to pay more than two-thirds of the Rates or Afllflments herein before feded.

directed to be rated and aflcflld on Lands, Honks, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, and other Te-

xif rents, within the llvcral Wards of the said City of London; but the Alderman of the Ward where any

Ground, which shall be claimed to be a Wharf, (nail lie, or his Deputy, and the Common Councilmen

of such Ward, or the major Part of them, shall, and they arc hereby directed and imnow’ered to conform

t > and pursue such Determination as they shall respectively receive from the said Commissioners, and which

ru* L.d Commissioners arc hereby impowered and required to signify by their principal Clerk for the time

l»r ng. in Writing, as to what Part of the fjid Ground ought to be deemed a Wharf, within the Intent

ani Meaning hereof, and shall rate and alllfs the lame according’y; any 'Thing herein before contained to

the entirra'y thereof in ariywife notwithstanding.

Vol. XL Z 4 L. And,

