33$ C. 57.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A.D. *77?«

ntinu- September* One thousand seven hundred and seven ty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next

t.2c, SetTion of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof,

soever, which was to be in Force for Tvycnty-one Years, from the Twenty-fourth Dey of One

4 thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, and which by several subsequent Ad$ made in the Sixteenth,

an/oco iV’and Twenty-fourth, and Thirty-lirft Years of tha Reign of His late Majesty King George the Seoond, and

4Gco! ill.a" Fourthlycar of IJis present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the Twenty-ninth Day of

fart hr r continu-

ed till S<pt.

1773,andtilUhe untj| the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and from

next Session. n thence to the E.n(i of the then next Seirion of Parliament.

G *"'11 HI* And xt further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the Ninth Year of

*9 Wi ' the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An At1 for further encouraging and

regulating the Manufacture or British Sail Cloth, and for the more effectually securing the Duties now payablt

on Foreign Sail Cloth imported into tlji{ Kij\gdom, which was to continue in b orce from the Twenty-fourth

Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, for the 'Term of Five Years, and from thence

to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the

Att* 13,24, and Thirteenth, Twenty-fourth, and Thirty-first Years of His said Majesty Is Reign, and the Fourth Year

31 Geo. 11. and of His present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the Twenty-ninth Day of Scptemb#\Oot

, 4Gc0.HI. thousand seven hundred and lexenry-onc, and from thence to the End of the then next Sessions of Par-

liament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the

farthercontinu- Twenty-ninth Day of September^ One thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and from thence to the

-cd till Sept. 29, Jrncj of the then ne^t Session of Parliament.

v*773, r it IV. And b? it further enacted by the Authority afoixfaid. That an Act made, io the Twelfth Year

Act 11 Geo. II. of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting a Liberty to

(tarry Sugars, of the Growths Prodace, or Manufqfture of any of His Majcjlfs Sugar Colonies in America,

from the said Colonies dire ft ly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to

Law, which was to continue in force for Five Years, from the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One

thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

md Aftt T7, *4, liament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Seventeenth, Twenty-fourth, and

w<! Thirty-Jirft Years of his said Majesty’s Reign, and the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign,

no ct Geo. was continued until the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and

continued till seventy-one, and fr<?m thence so the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame

September 29, is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the Twcnry-ninth Day of September,

1771,»ndeothc Oqe thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

' End of the then Parliament

in V* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of

further contimi*- *he of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland,

ed as above men- which was to continue in Force for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

tieued. Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the

Twenty-ninth Day of One thousand seven hundred and f^venjty-eight, and from thence to

the'End of the then next Session of Parliament.

^rGco.XII. VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the

Tenth Year of the Reign " ‘‘ ......

made in the Third Year of ii»

Viade in the Twenty-fir/I w\d Twenty-eight Years of His, lots &&]?/*y v _ v r ...

Andie: in the British Plantations in America; an cl for extending the Provisions of an Act of the Thirtieth fear

of His late Majesty s Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, io Spanift* Prize Gods

taken since the late Dcclaration of I far with Spain, “ ----- -----:---1----- rT

the British Plantations in America, and for exph

His present Majesty’s Reiga, as relates to the

America, and for extending the fame to the naval Officers there, as relates to the said Act of the Fifth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and which was to continue in Force from the FirftDayof

August, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, for the Term of Two Years, arwl from thence to

&nhcc the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall he, and the fame is hereby further continued from

t<k^ull Aug. 1, the Expiration thereof, until the First Day of August, One thousand seven hqjqd/ed and leveiuy-four*

1774' and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

CAP. LVII.

An Act to explain and amend so much of ah Ad made in the Sixth Year of the Reign cf

His late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Establiflimenc of Lazarets.

-PreawMe. 4 XT THEREAS by an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of thcrRfign of His late Majesty

a^x6Gc°.II, < W King George the Second, (intituled, An Act to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their £hui-

c rantinc; and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain ;r

c Ireland, or the Iffs of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man) it is, (amongst other Things)

4 enacted, That whenever His Majesty, His Heirs and Suqceiibrs, determined by and with the Advice and Con-

4 lent of Parliament, shall direct Houses or Lazarets to be provided for the receiving and entertaining

'4 of Persons obliged to perform (Quarantine, or for the depositing, opening, and airing of

,1 4 and

^oooole

