A* D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 28. 677

Sums of Money which shal! have been borrowed during the Year preceding, for the Uses and Pur*

poses before mentioned 5 and also of all the Monies which shall have been used, paid, and applied out

of the fame, for the deepening, cleansing, scouring, preserving, and maintaining of the said Ha; hours

of Greenock 1 and for making, building, and erecting the Piers, Quays, Jettecs, Breasts, and other

Works before mentioned; and that all the said Accounts shall be examined and certified by the Com-

niissioners present at such annual Meeting, or by the Majority of them j and that the said Commissioners

shall, at every such Meeting, bear their own Charges.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it {hall be in the Power of the said Meeting! may

Commissioners, or the Majority of them so assembled at such annual General Meeting, to adjournbcadj(>urixcd#

themselves from Time to Time, as they shall fee Cause; and also that it shall be in the Power of the

said Trustees, at all Times, to call Meetings of the said Commissioners, by Advertisements for that

Purpose, published at lead Fourteen Days before the Day of such Meeting, in all the Glasgow News-

papers for the Time being; and that no Business shall be proceeded on at any of the said Meetings

unless there be Seven Commissioners at leaf! present.

XXXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Thir- putics ma7

teen or more of them, at General Meetings as aforesaid assembled, may, and they are hereby impower-ldreacdt

ed, by and with the Consent of the Lenders of Money, to lessen and reduce the aforesaid Rates and

Duties granted by this Act, as they shall judge reasonable and expedient, and the State of the

Rates and Duties aforesaid will permit.

XL. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That from and after the Repayment, out After Repjy.

of the Rates, Duties, and Forfeitures aforesaid, of all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall ment ot the7

be borrowed or advanced by the said Trustees by virtue of this A#, and applied in Terms thereof, with Money borrow-

the legal Interest, from the respective Terms of borrowing and advancing the fame 5 and after levying the Kate* tt

and railing the Sum of One thousand Two hundred Pounds Sterling for thereafter upholding and keep-

ing in Repair the said Works, the Rates and Dudes hereby granted and imposed shall ceafand de-

termine.

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustees by this A St

appointed shall pay to all Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, claiming and intitled

unto any Right or Interest in the said Harbours of Greenock, or in the Grounds within the said Har-

bours, or on which the Piers, Quays, and other Works already built, or to be built, are or shall be

ere#ed, the full Value of every such Right and interest, after the fame shall be established indue

Course of Law, (in case such Right and Interest shall be contested by the said Trustees); and that the

Person and Persons so claiming and intitled as aforesaid shall, and he, (he, and they are hereby required

to accept of the fame from the said Trustees, in full Satisfaction for such Right and Interest as afore-

said: And in case of any Difference between them, respecting such Value, that it shall and may be

lawful to and for the Sheriff-depute of the County of Renfrew, and he is hereby impowerd and required

to summon and impanel a competent Number of discreet, substantial, and difinterested Persons, not

less than Fifteen; and, out of such Persons so summoned and returned, to name and appoint a Jury

of Ten Persona,to come and appear before him, at such Time or Place as by his Warrant or Precept

shall be directed, and to receive such Evidence as shall, by either Party, be brought before him: And the

said Sheriff-depute shall examine such Witnesses as shall be brought by either Party in the Couife of the

said Evidence, upon Oath, (which Oath he is hereby authorised and impowered to administer), touching

the Value to be paid to the Person and Persons interested and intitled as aforesaid, for his, her, or their

Right and Interest in the Premises; and that the Verdi# of the said Jury shall be final and conclusive,

in so far as shall respe# the Consideration or Purchase Money to be paid to the said Person and Persons

respectively as aforesaid: And that in the mean Time, and until such Value shall be ascertained in Man-

ner as herein-before mentioned, it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees, and they are hereby autho-

rifed and impowered, to take, possess, and use, to the last-mentioned Uses and Purposes of this present

A#, the Ground, and others aforesaid; any Thing in this present A # to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this A# 0ftfc*

contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away, alter, abridge, lessen, change, or in- Town of Grttn*

trude upon any Jurisdi#ion or Power of the Bailies and Council of the Town of Greenock, and Cor- ockrefoved.

poration thereof, in, about, or concerning the Harbours, Docks, Piers, and Quays, built or to be built,

as aforesaid: And also saving and referying to the Magistrates, Council, and Community of the City

of Glasgow* all Rights and Privileges they have, and are in Possession of, in, and upon the River

Clyde, and to them, and to the said Bailies and Town Council of Greenock, and to the said Charles

Schaw Lord Catbcart, his Heirs and Assigns, and to the said John Schaw Stewart, and his Heirs in the

Estate of Greenock, and unto all other Lords of Baronies, and to all other Bodies Politick or Corporate,

all their legal Right, Estates, and Interests, in the Premises aforesaid; declaring always, that nothing

herein contained shall hurt or prejudice the Charter granted to the Town of Greenock, in the Year One

thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, by the deceased Sir John Schaw of Greenock.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and Trust«iiii«y

for the said Bailies and Town Council of Greenock, and to Nine Feuars, Sub-feuars, or Burgesses, of

the said Town, (to be chosen by the Feuars, Sub-feuars, Corporations, Burgesses, and Householders, sJhmTftw*

in the Town of Greenock, in Manner as herein-after mentioned), and their Successprs in Office for bracing Water

the Time being, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to contract and agree with to the Tows,

Owners or Proprietors of any Springs or Fountains within Three Statute measured Miles of the

Town of Greenock, and with such other Person and Persons as they shall judge proper, for the Liberty

Vol. XI. 4 S of

