A.D. .177*

Anno duodecimo Geojigii III

C. 20, 21. 379

CAP. XX.

An Act for the more effectual proceeding against Persons (landing Mute on their Attain-

ment for Felony or Piracy.

f T?OR the more effectual proceeding against Persons standing Mute on their Arraignment for Fe- Preamble.

* 1/ lony, or Piracy/ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflem-

bled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person, from and after the passing of this Act, be7/

being arraigned on any Indiflment, or Appeal for Felony, or on any Indictment for Piracy, shall, ratgnc<i for Pc-

upon such Arraignment, stand Mute, or will not answer directly to the Felony, or Piracy, such Per- looy, or Piracy,

Ion so star.ding Mute, as aforesaid, shall be convicted of the Felony or Piracy charged in such Indict-

ment or Appeal ; and the Court before whom he shall be so arraigned shall thereupon Award Judgment m'te•

and Execution agaii ft such Person, in the same Manner as if such Person had been convicted by Ver- ed*of TuV^Fe-"

did or Confession of the Felony, or Piracy, charged in such Indictment or Appeal ; and such Judg- iony or Piracy.

ment shall have all the fame Confoqucnces in every Rsfpcdl as if such Person had been convicted by

Verdict or Confession of such Felony or Piracy, and judgment had. been thereupon awarded.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Privisions of tnis Ad shall extend to His Majesty’s Colonies *,

and Plantations in America. A,n'°«

CAP. XXI.

An Act for giving Relief in Proceedings upon Writs of Mandamus for the Admission of

Freemen into Corporations; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

4 \\f HERE AS divers Persons, who have a Right to be admitted Citizens, Burgesses, or Free- Preamble*

4 VV men, of divers Cities, Towns Corporate, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, and Places, within that

* Part of Great Britain called England and JValtsy being refused to be admitted thereto, have, in many

4 Cafes, no other ordinary Remedy to procure themselves to be admitted to the Franchises of being Ci-

4 tizens, Burgesses, or Freemen, than by Writs of Mandamus^ the Proceedings on which are very di-

4 latory and expensive; and, although any such Writ of Mandamus is obeyed, the Person applying is

4 nevertheless put to great and unneccfluty Trouble, Delay, and Expence : And whereas by the Laws

4 now in being, in many Cafe?, no Provision is made for giving Costs to the Party suing out any such

4 Writ where the the fame is obeyed ; for Remedy whereof/ be it enacted by the King’s most Excel-

lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the

First Day of 4uguft, One thousand (even hundred and seventy-two, where any Person shall be intitled

to be admitted a Citizen, Burgess, or Freeman, of any such City, Town Corporate, Borough, Cinque

Port, or Place, and shall apply to the Mayor, or other Person, Officer or Officers, in such City, Town

Corporate, Borough Cinque Port, or Place, who hath or have Authority to admit Citizens, Burgesses,

and Freemen therein, to be admitted a Citizen, Burgess, or Freeman thereof; and shall give Notice,

specifying the Nature of his Claim, to such Mayor, or other Officer or Officers, that if he or they shall

not so admit such Pe son a Citizen, Burgess, or Freeman, with One Month from the Time of such No-

tice, the Court of King's Bench will be applied to for a Writ of Mandamus^ to compel such Admission;

and if such Mayor, or other Officer or Officers, shall, after such Notice, refuse or neglect to ad-

mit such Person, and a Writ of Mandamus dull afterwards iftiic to compel such Mayor, or other

Officer or Officers, to make such Admission, and, in Obedience to such Writ, such Persons shall

be admitted by the said Mayor, or other Officer or Officers, a Citizen, Burgess, or Freeman cf

such City, Town Corporate, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, then such Person shall (unless the

Court shall fee just Cause to the Contrary) obtain and receive from the said Mayor, or other Officer

or Officers, so neg‘cdling or refusing as aforesaid, all the Colls to which he shall have been put in ap-

plying for obtaining and serving such Writ of Mandamus% and enforcing the fame, by a Rule to be

made by the Court out of which such Writ shall issue, for the Payment thereof, together with the

Cods of applying for, obtaining, serving, and enforcing the said Rule ; and if the Ride so to be made

shall not be obeyed, then the fame (h ul be enforced in such Manner as other Rules made by the said

Court are or may be enforced by Law.

4 If. And, in oulcr that it nviy be known what Persons are, from Time to Time, admitted Frce-

4 men or Burgesses of any City, Corporation, Borough, or Cinque Port/ be it further enacted by

the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor, Bailiff, Town Clerk, or other Officer of any City, Cor-

poration, Borough, or Cinque Port, having the Custody of, or Power over, the Records of the fame,

shall, upon the Demand of any Two Freemen or Burgesses, permit such Freemen or Burgesses, and

their Agent or Agent*, at any Time whatsoever, between the Hours of Nine in the Morning and

1 hrcc in the Af ernoon, to inspect the Entries of Admission of Freemen, Burgesses, or other inferior

Corporal on*, and to take Copies or Extra<f!s therefrom, paying for every such Infpc&ion Two Shil-

lings and Sixpence ; and for every such Copy or Extract, not exceeding Seventy-two Words, the

Sum-of Four-pence i and so in proportion for all such Copies or Extracts: And if any Mayor,

• j C i -Bad iff|

After AufTjft

j> *77»> inr

Person intitled

to be admitted

a Citizen, dec.

of any City, and

applying to the

Mayor, Sec. for

that Purpose,

giving him No-

tice, f;ectj-ng

the Nature 01 lufl

Claim, fee.

if such May<r,

Sec. shall lefuf'o

to afmit such

Person, and a

Mandamus shall

issue, for con pe.’-

ljr g his Adnuf-

hon, the Ma>or

to pay all UoiU.

Freemen to be

admitted to in-

lY ct\ the tin trie*

cf AdmifTion, ,

Scc. and to take

Copies thereof

