2 C. I. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Aich VefCd any such Ship, Boat, or Vessel, wherein any such Offence shall be committed, knowing such Offence, and

a flirting, liable wittingly and willingly aiding and assisting thereunto, and being thereof duly convicted in any such Courts

to three Months as shall be imprilbncd for the Space of three Months without Bail or Mainprize.

Impn onment. jj And ^ jt further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any

therPersont Person or Persons, being an Officer or Officers of the Customs, or being lawfully authorised in this Behalf

authored, by the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or

may seize any of any three or more of them, to take and seize all such of the said Commodities, not allowed to be exported

the said Com- by this Act, as he or they shall happen to find, know, or discover, to be laid on board any Ship, or other

&cto^tHrP!>td, Vessel, or Boat, at Sea, or in any Port, or in any navigable River or Water, to the Intent or Purpose to be

the Intent of ° exported, transported, or conveyed, out of Great Britain or Ireland, contrary to the true Intent of this Act ;

this a&j and also the Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in which the fame shall be found; and to bring the said Goods to the

together with Kingfs Warehouse or Warehouses belonging to the Customhouse next to the Place where such Seizures shall

the Vessel. be made, or to some other safe Place (where there are no such Warehouses) in order to be proceeded against

2e fodged^in the acoorcMng to Law; and in case of Recovery, to be divided in manner as aforesaid.

houset. III. Provided always. That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to prohibit the

Prohibition not Exportation of such or so much of the said Commodities, as shall be necessary to be carried in any Ship or

to extend to so Ships, or other Vessel or Vessels, in their respective Voyages, for the Sustenance, Diet, and Support, of the

muehofthe Commanders, Masters, Mariners, Passengers, or others, in the fame Ships or Vessels only; or for the

ties, as Aall be victualling or providing any of his Majesty’s Ships of War, or other Ships or Vessels in his Majesty’s Service,

necessary for the or for his Majesty’s Forces, Forts, or Garrisons $ any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-

Use of Vessels in (landing.

theirVoyageijor for his Majesty* Ships of War, &c. Force* or Garrisons;

nor to fuc h as

Aall be carried

Coastwise ;

Security being

first given for

the due landing

thereof ;

nor to such at

flail be ex*

ported from

Great Britain to

Ireland j or

from Ireland to

Great Britain;

er to Gibraltar,

Minorca, or Bri-

tish Colonies in

America j or

for the British

Fithery there ;

the Exporter

giving Security

for the due

landing, &c.

and returning a

Certificate,

Officer makings

fa lie Certificate,

forfeits 2001.

and is incapaci-

tated.

Other Person

counterfeiting,

Jkc. any Certifi-

cate, forfeits

2001, drc.

Penalties in

what Courts to

be recovered.

A tplication

thereof.

Bonds to be

prrfecuted with*

>n 3 Vears.

Prohibition not

to extend to

Ri.tns exported

to the Rritirti

Fort*, &<■. itt

Alika, Set*

IV. Provided also, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to prohibit any Person

or Persons to ship or put on board any of the Commodities aforesaid, to be carried Coastwise; (that is to say)

from any Port, Creek, or Member of the Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, to any other Port, Creek*

or Member of the fame respectively, having such or the like Coall Cocquet, or Sufferance for that Purpose,

and such of the like sufficient Security being first given for the landing and discharging the fame in some other

Port, Member, or Creek, of the said Kingdoms, and returning a Certificate in iix Months, as is required

by Law in Cafes where Goods, which are liable to pay Duties on Exportation, are carried Coastwise from

one Port of Great Britain to another, and not otherwise.

V. Provided also, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to any of the said

Commodities which shall be exported, or (nipped to be exported, out of or from Great Britain to Ireland, or

from Ireland to Great Britain; or from Great Britain or Ireland to Gibraltar or Minorca, or unto any of his

Majesty’s Islands or Colonies in America, Aat have usually been supplied with any of the said Commodities

from Great Britain or Ireland, for the Suftentation of the Inhabitants of the said Islands, Colonies, or Do-

minions; or for the Benefit of the British Fishery in those Parts only; so as the Exporter do, before the

shipping or laying on board the fame, declare the Island, Colony, or Dominion, Islands, Colonies, or Do-

minions, for which the said Commodities are refoeftively designed, and do bq*:ome bound with other suffi-

cient Security in treble the Value thereof, to the Commissioners or Chief Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s

Customs belonging to the Port or Place where the fame shall be shipped or put on board (who hath or have

hereby Power to take such Security in his Majesty’s Name, and to his Majesty’s Use) that such Commodi-

ties shall not be landed or fold in any Parts whatsoever, other than the Kingdoms, Dominions, Islands, or

Colonies, for which the fame shall be so declared; and that a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the

Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, or if no such, of the naval Officer, or some

other principal Officer of the Port where the fame shall be landed, shall, within the respective Times hereinL

after for that Purpose mentioned (the Danger of the Seas excepted) be returned to the Officers who took the

said Bonds, that the said Commodities have been landed at the Port or Place for which the fame shall be so

declared; and for the taking of such Security, and for giving such Certificates (which the respective Officers

aforesaid are hereby on Demand required to give) no Fee or Reward shall be demanded or received; and if

any Officer shall make any false Certificate of any such Commodities being so landed, such Officer shall for-

feit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and lose his Employment, and be incapable of serving his Majesty*

his Heirs, or Successors, in any Office relating to the Customs: And if any Person shall counterfeit, rafe,

or falsify, any such Certificate, or knowingly publish any such counterfeit, rased, or false Certificate, he

shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and such Certificate shall be void and of no Effect; which said

Penalties for Offences committed in Great Britain or Ireland\ shall be recovered in the fame Courts, and in

the same Manner, as the other Penalties inflicted by this Act are recoverable; and for Offences committed

in the Colonies or Plantations in America, or other the Dominions belonging to the Crown of Great Britain

in Europe, shall be recovered in the High Court of Admiralty, or in any Chief Court of Civil or Criminal

Jurisdiction, in such respective Colonies, Plantations, or Dominions; and shall be divided into equal Moi-

eties between his Majesty and the Informer; and the said Bond or Bonds, if not prosecuted within three

Years, shall be void.

VI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prohibit the Exportation of Beans to.

the British Forts, Castles, and Factories in Africa, or for the Use of the Ships trading upon thatCoaft, that

usually have been supplied with the fame, from Great Britain or Ireland; so as the like Security he given

for the exporting thereof, as is required by this Act to be given by Persons carrying any of the said Commo-

dities to the British Colonies in America,

3 VII, Provided.

