A.D. 1771.

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

C. 54*

297

Owner and Owners of such Ground had executed regular Dispositions of the fame* and thereupon Infeft-

rr.ents had followed.

VIII. Provided always. That thirty Days Notice at least shall be given to the Owner and Owners of the

Grounds so to be valued, and of the Fences intended to be altered or removed, of the Day upon which the

Jury are to be impannelled for those Purposes; and that all Proceedings and Orders of Sheriffs and Stewards

in ihe Premises, made by virtue of this Act, shall not be removable or questionable by Bills or Letters of

Advocation or Suspension to, or by any other Court whatsoever; any Law or Usage to the contrary not-

wit .^landing.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authoriry aforesaid. That the Commissioners of Supply of every Shire and

Stewartry in Scotland assembled, annually, upon the Day appointed by Act of Parliament for the Assess-

rv.cnt of the Land-tax, shall have Power, and they are hereby impowered and required to lay an additional

Aff'vfTment for the Payment of such Sum and Sums of Money as shall have been for the preceding Year ad-

judged by the Sheriff' or Steward in Manner aforesaid to the Owner and Owners of Grounds to be taken,

and of Fences to be removed or altered, for the widening and enlarging the Highways and Roads, as herein

before directed, and to issue Precepts upon the Collector and Collectors for the Payment thereof; and that

in all Cafes where the Ground so valued, or Fences altered or removed as aforesaid, shall be taken or done,

for the Widening and Enlargement of a Turnpike Road as established by Act of Parliament, that the Mo-

rey adjudged by the Sheriff or Steward therefore shall be paid by the Commissioners or Trustees of such

Road, out of the Tolls arising from the same.

jo Dajri Notice

to be given,to

Owner* of

Ground* and

Fence* to be va-

lued or altered.

Cofnmissionera

of Supply to la/

additional Af-

feflmenta for

Payment of

Sums, adjuJge4

by the Sheriff,

the preceding

Year.

CAP. LIV.

An Ai51 for the better paving, ckanfing, lighting, and watching , the New

Square, Hayden yard, Sheepy-yard, Church Street, Little Church Street, otherrwife the Church

Passage, Church Court, and Kenton Street, and the Passages therein, or leading thereunto,

in the Parish of ‘Trinity, otherwise Holy Trinity, in the Minories, in the County of -

/ex, within the Liberty of His Majesty’s Tower of London; and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

Preamble.

of his Majesty’s Tower of London, and the Passages therein, or leading thereunto, are very ill paved ana

4 clcanied, and are incommodious to Passengers, by Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein,

and many Irregularities arc committed in the Night-time in the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage,

and Court and the Passages therein or leading thereunto, for want of the fame being properly lighted and

4 watched: And whereas it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said several

4 Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court, and to all other Persons resorting thereto, or passing

4 through the fame, if the said Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court, and the Passages therein, or

4 leading thereunto, were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and all Nuisances, Annoy-

4 ances, and Obffruftions therein were removed and prevented for the future, and the Inhabitants of the

4 said several Squares, Yards, Streets, Pailage, and Court, are willing to do the fame at their own Ex-

4 pence, but the fame cannot be eft'eftcJ without the Aid of Parliament;’ May it therefore please your

M.ijcffy thar it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the

Acvice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That I Vi Hi am Cobbold, John Dyer, jfaac Fox, Michael

James, Benjamin Kenton, Timothy Alangles, Joseph Mcrryrnan, John Stiles Alor daunt, John Pott, tVilliam

arp, Thomas IVrigg/eJworth, Samuel If right, and their Successors, being Inhabitants of fomeor one of the

Lid Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, or C< urtj or being a Proprietor or Owner of any Lands, Tene-

ments, or Hereditaments within the same, or any of them, to be elected in Manner herein after mentioned,

shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution: And in case any ine*feofDe*th*

of the said Commissioners shall happen to die, or shall neglect or refuse to act for the Space of six Months,

or shall remove out of the said Sauarcs, Yards, Streets, Passage, and Court, or shall cease to be a Proprie-

for or Owner of any of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the same, or any of them, it shall

be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time,

by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to elect one other Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or

Commissioners in the Room and Stead of the Commissioner or Commissioners dying, or refusing to act,

removing, or ceasing to be a Proprietor or Owner of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the

fame, or any of them, five Days public Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting fur every such Election

being given, by affixing the fame in Writing upon the principal Door of the Parish Church of Trinity,

otherwise the Hcly Trinity, in the Minories, in the County of ATiddlesex aforesaid, and also by Advertise-

ment in fomc or one of the public Newspapers; and every Person or Persons so elected shall be, and

is and are hereby veiled with the fame Powers for putting this Act in Execution, as the Person or Persons

in whole Place he or they shall be elected was or were vested with.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of aftingas a Commissioner in the Execu- Qualification of

lion of this Act, unless he shall be an Inhabitant of fame or one of the Lid Squares, Yards, Streets, Passage, Commuiiouci*.

Vvv. XI. CLq and

Commissiooert

Names,

Ref a lal to

for one Year, or

Removal.

