A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 56. 535

venty-two, no Drawback or Bounty shall be allowed or paid for any Goods exported or entered for -

Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain, until a Certificate shall be produced'tinder the Hands and

Scads of Office of the Collector and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of the Customs for the

Port where fuchGood3 shall be landed in Great Britain, testifying the landing thereof 5 which Certi-

ficate shall also express the exa£I Weight, Measure, or Quantity of the Goods so landed, with the

Number and Marks of the Casks, Bales, or other Packages, in which such Goods shall be contained.

4 V. And the better to prevent the clnndestine importing and landing of foreign Brandy, Rum, Strong Clanlcstine im«

4 Waters, or other Spirits in small Vessels, which hover upon the Coasts of Ireland,* be it further en^P°rl>n'bOf foreign

afled by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thou- ^bow to°br

sand seven hundred and seventy-two, if any Rum or Spirits of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture preYcmed.

of the British Colonies or Plantations in America shall be imported or brought into the Kingdom of

Ireland, cither from the said Colonies or Plantations, or from Great Britain, in an*y Ship or Vessel

whatsoever under the Burthen of Seventy Tons ; or if any foreign Brandy, Strong Waters, or othrr

Spirits, shall, from and after the Fifth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and sevenry-two, be

imported or brought from any other Port or Place whatsoever, in foreign Parts, into the said Kingdom.

of Ireland^ in any Ship or Vessel under the Burthen of One hundred Tons, except only for the Ufc

of the Seamen then belonging to and on Board such Ships or Veffds respectively, not exceeding Two>

Gallons for each such Seaman, every such Ship or Veil'd, with all her Tackle, Furniture, and Ap-

parel, and also all such Brandy, Rum, Strong Waters, or other Spirits, shall, in each and every such

Cafe, be forfeited ; and shall and may be ftized by any Officer or Officers of the Revenue in Ireland>

and prosecuted, tried, determined, recovered, and disposed of, in such and the like Manner as any

Forfeitures incurred by the Laws now in Force in the said Kingdom of Ireland zgzinft the running, or

intending to run. Goods into that Kingdom, may, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force in

that Kingdom, be prosecuted, tried, determined, recovered, and disposed of.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com-

menced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in Pursuance of this A&, the Defendant or G

Defendants, in such A£lion or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give this A&, and the Special Ucacr

Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in Pursuance and

by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the

Defendant or Defendants ; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonfuiced, or discontinue his Action after the De-

fendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demur-

rer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Trdble Costs, and have the likeTitblcCoft*

Remedy for the fame as Defendants have in other Cafes by Law*

CAP. LVL

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the Allowance upon the Exportation of Britxjh*

made Gunpowder; to the giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval*

Stores from the Britxjh Colonies in America; to the further encouraging the Manufacture

of British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth ; to the granting a*

Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of His Majesty’s

Sugar Colonies, directly into Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated

according to Law; to the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland y and to the regulating

the Fees of Officers of the Customs, and Naval Officers in America.

* XT J HERE A S the Laws herein-after mentioned have, by experience, been found useful and lx-

4 W neficial, and are near expiring^ may it therefore plcale Your Majesty that it may be ena£led /

and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-

rity of the fame. That an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George Act^Oeo. t&

the Second, intituled, An At7 for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of British-/7W^' Gunpowder,

which was to continue in Force (or Five Years, from the Twenty-fourth Day of June, Ond thousand

seven hundred and thirty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and id, 16,14w

which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Tenth, Sixteenth, Twenty-fourth, and the Thirty-first 1IaQ*q2lT

Years of His said Majesty’s Reign, and the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, was further Jj*i, A 4

continued until the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, eootuined till

and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby September *9,

farther continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thou- *77*> and to the

fend seven hundred and seventy-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par- Endof

liament. kj.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the Eighth A&t S Geo. I*

Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for giving further Encouragement for the

bnportation of N:/val Store*, ur.dfor other Purposes therein menti:md, as relates to the Importation of Wood

and Timber, an 1 of the Goods commonly called Lumber, therein particularly enumerated, from any of

His Majesty’s British Plantations or Colonies in America, free from all Customs and Impofuions what-

foe vcrr

