A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Oeorgii III. C. £4.

N«. VII.

Order of Trustees for permitting Carriages with Six Inch Wheels to be drawn by Horses

' in Pairs.

T a Meeting of the Trustees of the Turnpike Roads, under an Act* passed in the

Year of the Reign of King George the - for, etc. [State the material Part of the

Title of the Act], held at on the Day of One

thousand seven hundred ’ it was requested by several persons, that Liberty should

be given to draw Carriages with Fellies of the Breadth of Six Inches, by Horses in Fairs ; and the

State and Condition of the said Turnpike Road being taken into Consideration, and it appearing to

us, that the said Request may be granted without Prejudice to the said Turnpike Roads, we do hereby

authorise all Persons, who shall use Carriages with Fellies of the Breadth of Six Inches upon tnc said

Turnpike Road, to draw such Carriages with Horses in Pairs, if they shall think fir, from and after2

the Day of next, pursuant to the Power given to us by an Act, passed in the

Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, For regulating Turnpike Roads.

(This Meeting must consist of Seven or more Triiftees).

No. VIII.

Notice for letting Tolls.

TLTOTICE is hereby given, That the Tolls arifuig at the Toll-gate, (or Toll-gates,'if more than

One), upon the Turnpike Road at called or known by the Name of the

Gate, will be let by Auction, to the bed Bidder, at the House of at

on the Day of next, between the Hours of and

in the Manner directed by the Act, p itted in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King

George the Third, for regulating the Turnpike Roads ; which Tolls produced the last Year the Slim of

above theExnences of collecting them, and will be put up at that Sum.

Whoever happens to be the best Bidder, must, at the fame Time, give Security, with sufficient Sure-

ties, to the Satisfaction of the Trustees of the said Turnpike Road, for Payment of the Rent agreed

for, at such Times as they shall direct.

A. Clerk to the Trustees of the said Turnpike Road.

N«. IX.

Order of Trustees for reducing the Tolls.

At a Meeting of the Trustees of the Turnpike Roads, under an Act, passed in the Tear of

the Reign of King George the , for, &c. [State the principal Part of the Title of the Act]

held at the ^ Day of 17

WHEREAS by the said Act there was no Power {or no effectual Power) given (as the Cafe may

be) to the Trustees to lessen the Tolls authorised to be taken by the said Acts we, whole

Names are subscribed, being Seven or more of the Trustees acting under the said Act, being now

'assembled for reducing the Tolls authorised to be taken by and under the said Act, nurfuant to publick

Notice given for that Purpose in the Newspaper circulated in this Part of the

Country, and also affixed upon all the Turn pike-gates erected upon the said Turnpike Road for up*

wards of One Calendar Month now last past j and having the Content of the fevetal Persons intitled to

Five-sixth Parts of the Money now remaining due upon the Credit of the said Tolls this Day signified

and proved to us, do hereby order, That the Tolls granted by the said Act shall, from and after the

Day of One thousand seven hundred be lessened and

reduced in the following Manner j [HereJlate the several Reduftionspropofedto be made].

No. X.

Order of Two Justice$, for determining what Repairs shall be done to new Roads by, Per-

fons who are discharged from the Repair of old Roads.

Middhfex, TT TE, Two of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said County, afling within the

VV (Hundred) of in the said County, having (at the

Request of the Parties interested in Part of the Highway (or Road) hereafter mentioned, 'Who

6B* could

.1

