498 C. 38.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1772.

advance and lend such Money thereupon, as a Security or Securities for the several Sums so borrowed,

with interest for the fame, which Interest shall be payable and paid Half-yearly by the Treasurer or

Treasurers to the said Commissioners out of the Monies to arise by or from the said Rates or Assess-

ments.

Money borrowed 4 LXXIX. And whereas many Persons may chuse to advance Money for the Purchase of Annuities,

by Annuities on * to be secured upon and payable out of the last-mentioned Rates and Assessments,’ be it therefore fur-

IVC*' ther enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons ta contribute, advance, and pay into

the Hands of the said Comm&ioners, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the

fame, for the U(es and Purposes for which the said Rates or Assessments are made, any Sum or Sums

of Money for the absolute Purchase of One or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable

during the full Term of the natural Life of such Person or Persons as shall be nominated by or on Be-

half of such Contributor or Contributors at the Time of Payment of the respective Contribution-mo-

ney, so as the said Annuity or Annuities do not exceed (he Rate of Nine Pounds by the Hundred b7

the Year, and so in proportion for any greater or lefTer Sum to be paid as aforesaid ; all which Annuities

so to be purchased, mall be payable ana paid by the said Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being,

out of the Monies to arise by or from the said Rates and Assessments, by quarterly Payments; the

First Payment to be made to the respective Purchasers, or their Assigns, at the Expiration of Three

Months after Payment of their respective Purchase-monies, the Rate whereof shall, from Time to

Time, be settled and adjusted by the said Commissioners as they shall think proper, at a publick Meet-

Th-Whole by ^ to he held for that rurpose, whereof Twenty-one Days Notice shall be given in some publick

both Met boat of Newspaper circulated in the Bills of Mortality, so that the total Sums to be borrowed on Life Anoui-

borrowing not to ties, and at Interest, shall not exceed in the Whole the Sum of Fourteen thousand Pounds,

exceed 1L000 1. LXXX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That the better to enable the Com-

u. AnnH^*Vt# missioners to paytthe Money borrowed by Mortgage of the said Rates, in Manner aforesaid, it shall be

rna* lawful for them, at any Time or Times, until the Sum so borrowed, and all Interest due thereon, shall

other?«,tillMort-he fully paid and satisfied, and no longer, as any such Annuitant or Annuitants, or Nominees shall

gage Money it die, to permit any Person or Persons to purchase of them the said Commissioners One or more Annuity

paid off. or Annuities in the Room of such Annuitant or Annuitants, or Nominee, so dying, upon the Life of

such Person or Persons, upon such Terms and Conditions, and payable in such Manner, as above men-

tioned, so that the Sum or Sums to be contributed for the Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities to

be granted by virtue of this A& shall at no Time exceed the said Sum of Fourteen thousand Pounds.

LXXXI. Provided always. That as such Annuitant or Annuitants shall die off, and such Rates or

Assessments can be lowered and reduced, the fame shall be so done, in equal Proportion, from Time to

Time, if the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them shall think fit.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted. That all and every Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased,

shall be, and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable, from Time to Time, out of the

Monies arising by the Rates and Assessments made for paving as aforesaid ; and all and every the Con-

tributor and Contributors, upon the Credit of this Act, duly paying the Consideration or Purchase-

irioney as aforesaid for any such Annuity or Annuities, his, her, or their respective Executors, Admi-

nistrators, and Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be intitled by virtue of this A& to

have, receive, and enjoy the respective Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased out of the said

Rates or Assessments, for the Payment thereof as aforesaid, during the Term of the natural Life of

the Person to be nominated by such Purchaser or Contributor as before-mentioned ; and that all and

every such Purchaser and Purchasers, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have

good, fare, absolute, and indefeasible Estates*and interests in the Annuity or Annuities so by him,

her, or them respectively, to be purchased, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this A<B j

and that none of the said Annuities shall now or hereafter be subject or liable to the Tax charged, or

to be charged upon Land, by Authority of Parliament; and that every Contributor for the Purchase

of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, his, her, or they- Assigns, upon Payment of the Con-

sideration or Purchase-money, shall have a Receipt or Receipts for the fame and also an Order on

Parchment for Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities, for and during the natural Life of the Per-

son who shall be so nominated as aforesaid, by quarterly Payments : which Order shall be signed by

the said Commissioners ; and after signing thereof, the fame (nail be firm, valid, and of good Effect in

the Law, according to the true Purport and Meaning of this A£L

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the said Commissioners for the Time

»ii Securities for being shall enter in a Book or Books, to be for that Purpose provided and kept by the said Com-

oney orrow* mjflj0nerS9 a|j Securities for Monies borrowed, or Annuities granted, by virtue or in pursuance of this

Act, and all • Assignments or Transfers thereof, expressing in Words at Length the Names Surnames,

Additions, Place of Abode, and other Descriptions, of all Persons, as shall, from Time to Time, be

intitled to such Securities; and also the Name, Surname, Addition, Place of Abode, and other De-

feription, of every Person for whose Life any Annuity shall be granted by virtue of this Act, and the

Days whereon the said Annuity shall be payable ; to which Book and Books the Person and Persons

intitled to, and possessed of such Annuity, and all and every the Person or Persons liable to the Pay-

ment of the said Rates and Assesshicnts, shall, at all reasonable Times, have Access, with free Liberty

to inspeci the lame, without Fee or Reward.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, T hat it shall -be lawful for any Person or Persons intitled

to any of the Securities aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, at

any Tune or Times, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands respectively to assign or

1 i transfer

At Annuitants

die, Rates may

be lowered.

Annuities

charged upon

the iUieg.

Cleric to enter

ed, or Annuities

granted.

Sffiiritiei: may

be aligned.

