A.D. 1771,

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

C. 45. 267

adequate to the Damage sustained by the Owner or Owners of fiuch light-loaded Barge, Vessel or Vefficls,

and to be paid to the Treasurer for the time being, and by him to the Person or Persons sustaining the

Damage, as the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall direct.

XXill. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Commissioner

or Commissioners shall act in the Execution of this Act, or any of the Powers herein contained, where he

or they is or are any ways particularly interfiled, under the Penalty of one hundred Pounds; to be levied

by Distrcfs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of three

or more of the other Commissioners; which Penalty or Forfeiture shall and is hereby directed to go to the

lame Uses as other Penalties by this Act arc to be applied.

4 XXIV. And forasmuch as the drawing Barges by Horses, instead of Men, on all or many more Banks

€ than at present have Horse Towing-paths, may deprive many Men who are now employed in drawing

€ such Barges of their usual Livelihood, and as everal such Men are or may become, through Sickness,

Age, cr bodily Infirmity, disabled from earning their daily Bread by any other Sort of Labour;* Be it

enacted. That any seven or more Commissioners, at any General Meeting, may certify under their Hands

and Seals to the Treasurer of the said District, or to the General Treasurer, the Cafe of such disabled Man,

and the Treasurer to whom such Certificate shall be directed is hereby required to relieve the said disabkd

Man with such Sum, not exceeding four Shillings per Week, as shall be directed or specified by the said

Commissioners, until the said Certificate shall be revoked by them, or by any seven or more Commit-

sioners, at any General Meeting as aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Wharfinger upon the Banks of the said Rivers shall keep

a Book, wherein all Goods shall be entered in the fame Order as they shall be brought to his Wharf in

order for Carriage, and shall moreover give a Receipt, if required, to the Per fun ddiveiing the fame; and

every Barge-master carrying Goods for Hire, that loads fiom that Wharf, shall de’icer to the Wh irfinger

in Writing the Name of the mod distant Place to which such Barge shall or may be bound, and the Barge-

matter shall then take into his Barge the Goods which shall have been first entered at the said Wharf, and

consigned to the Place so named as aforesaid, or to any other Place or Places not more than ten Miles thort

of the fame* without any other Preference (except as is herein after excepted) than the Priority of Entry

in each Wharfinger’s Book; which Book the Wharfinger is hereby required to shew to such Barge-matter

at the Time of putting such Goods on board his Barge, and shall give a Bill of Lading for the lame, ex-

pressing the Time or Times of Entry, for which Entry the said Wharfinger shall be paid one Penny for

every Entry, and no more; and such Wharfinger and Barge-master respectively shall forfeit any Sum not

exceeding five Pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings, on being convicted before any two Commissioners of

rot having made due and regular Entries, or of altering, or permitting to be altered, his or their Book or

Books, in order to give undue Preference, or of not shewing his Book or Books as aforesaid, or not giving

such Bills of Lading, expressing the Time or Times of Entry, or of not carrying the Goods according to

Priority of Entry as aforesaid; to be levied by Distrcfs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by

Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two or more of the said Commissioners, one Moiety of which

Pemltv shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Person aggrieved.

XXVI. Provided always, That no such Entry shall be made until such Goods so to be entered shall be

oftually brought to the Wharf or Warehouse where the fame arc intended to be entered.

XXVII. Provided also, That in all Cafes where any B irgcmaster shall take and carry any Goods or Mer-

chandise to any Place or Places whatsoever, over and above or for want of such Goods or Merchandise as

are herein before, in the first place, directed to be taken and carried, he shall take and carry the fame to

every such Place or Places respectively, without other Preference than the Priority of Entry in each Wharfin-

ger’s Book as aforesaid, under the like Penalties herein before mentioned, excepting always such Goods or

Merchandise as may be of a perishable Nature, which shall at all Times be taken and canicd in Preference

to any other Species of Goods or Merchandise confirmed to the same Place or Places respectively; and upon

Complaint being made of any of the Matters aforesaid before any two Commissioners, they are hereby im-

powerrd to summon any fuen Wharfinger to attend with his Bonk or Books of Entry, and such Wharfin-

ger is hereby required to attend accordingly; and in case such Wharfinger shall neglect to attend with his

Book or Books according to such Summons, he shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less

than twenty Shillings; to be levied by Distress and Sale of his Goods and Chattels.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after any Houses, Messuages,

Pr!il!% Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall be set out and ascertained by the Surveyor of the said

Navigation as fit and necessary for the Purposes before mentioned, it fh ill and may be lawful for all Bodies

Pohtie. Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Hufb.mds, Guardians Trustees, Fee f-

fres in Trust, Committees, Executors, and Administrators, and VI other Trustre, and Persons whatln-

r\ :r, not cnly for or on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Sucre (Tor-, but rdf > for ai d on UchVfof their

(V.Vfiquc Trusts, whether Infant*, Blue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Per Ion or

Persons, ar.l to and for all Femes Covert who nre or shall he fifed, p'flatted of, or intmeft d in tlcir own

J\ ght, and to and for every other Person and Persons whom foe ver, who are or fh a! 1 be IciLd, poll fled of,

or mtcrefted in any Lands, Tenements, Tithes, or Grounds, which shall be so set out and afiertained a*

aforesaid, or any

cellars, or to such Merlon or Kerfons as they shall nominate and appon

lion,; 11 or any Part of such Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, which

(mil, from time to time, be so fi t out and ascertained as aforesaid, either in C< nsideration of a Sum of

Money to be paid in Gross, or of an annual Rent or Payment to be charged and secured as is herein after

mentioned* and where, by making the said Navigation, or any Alteration therein, the Property of any

Comnifllonfrt

mt to ;.n wher*

imcicfted.

Provision for

Perions ufrd t#

draw B

and unaS’e to

gain a Liveli-

hood,

Wharfinger?

shall krep En-

tries of all

Goodi drliver-

cd ;

which shall be

forwarded ac-

cording to Prit.

rity of Entry.

Proviso,

Rules for B *r£t#

is and

Whirhcgc:*.

Perfnns under

Inc;*parity ins-

p»<v. i. r<. J to con-

vey Laud

IftV A VJIllllWIIls?) A 1111C' ^ VM’UIIIU ^ vtdIVIi rn>Uj C'V. iw IVV WU . IHIU kUM.vw

Part thereof, to contract for, fell, and convey unto the said Commissioners and thrirSuc-

h Person or Persons as they shall nominate and appoint, for the Lie of the fin’d Naviga-

M m 2

Land-

