6i2 C. 69. • Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. <772.

sioners ; and every Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to give such Notice as aforesaid, within (he

Times before respectively specified, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings.

Commissioners XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Sewer or Drain, which shall or

te deanie, alter, may, be under the Direction of the Commissioners or Sewers, in any of the said Squares, Streets,

and^wcr?rainS Lanes* Courts Yards, Mewfes, Alleys, Passages, or Places, shall require to be repaired, altered,

cleansed, or emptied, or any new or additional Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains^ shall be necessary

to be made, or any new Grate or Grates to be made and put over any Sewer, in any of the said

Squares, Streets, or Places, or any old Grates over the fame shall require to be repaired, removed, or

altered; then, and in every such Cafe, the said Commissioners of Sewers shall, within Three Days

next after Notice given to, or left for their Surveyor for the Time being, at his last or usual Place of

Abode, cause such Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains to be made, repaired, altered, cleansed, or emp-

tied, or such new and additional Grates to be made and put down, or such old Grates to be repaired,

removed, or altered; and in Default thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners

for putting this Act in Execution, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors

for the Time being, to cause such Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains, to be made, repaired, altered,

cleansed, or emptied, or such new and additional Grates to be made and put down, or such old Grates

to be repaired, removed, or altered, as the Cafe may require,or so much thereof as shall remain unfinished.

Owners of Pipes XL. Provided always. That the Charges and Expences of relaying or repairing the Pavement, which

to relay them shall be broken or taken up for the Purpose of repairing or amending any such Pipe or Pipes not

at their own belonging to any of the Water Companies, shall be paid to the Commissioners for putting this Act

Expences. in Execution, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Five

or more of them shall appoint to receive the same by the respective Owner or Owners of such

Commissionen Pipe or Pipes : And that the Charges and Expences of making, repairing, altering, cleansing,

to pay for or emptying any such Sewer, Drain, or Vault, and of making and putting down any such new

cleansing Sewers, and additional Grates, and altering and repairing such old Grates, and of relaying and repairing the

&c’ Pavement so broken or taken up for any of the Purposes aforesaid, shall be paid to the said Com-

missioners, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint to receive

the fame, by the Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners of Sewers,

or by the Person or Persons who shall take up, or cause the said Pavement, or any Part thereof, to be

taken up, for the Purposes aforesaid : And in case the respective Owner or Owners of such Pipe or

Pipes as aforesaid, or the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Commissioners of Sewers, or other Person or

Persons as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay what shall have been so laid out or disbursed for the

Purposes aforesaid, within Ten Days next after Notice thereof in Writing, signed by the Clerk to

the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, and left at their respective Dwelling-houses, or

last Place of Abode, together with a Bill annexed thereto, (which Notice shall contain an Account of

such Charges and Expences); that then, and in every such Cafe, it shall and ^ may be lawful to and for

the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered

to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Adiions in their own Names, or in the Name or

Names of their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, against all or any or either of the re-

spective Persons aforesaid for the recovery of such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall have so laid

out and expended for the Purposes aforesaid, in which Action or Adiions, no Essoin, Protediion, or

Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

Co issioner* 4 XLI. And whereas the Commissioners of Sewers in some Parts of the Year do not meet for a

to°r.equal * considerable Interval of Time from their last preceding Meeting, from which great Inconveniences

Authority with may arise be it therefore enacted, That the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or

Commissionen any Five or more of them, within the Limits aforesaid, shall have the fame Authority to determine in

of Sewen. all Cafes relating to the Sewers as the Commissioners of Sewers now enjoy.

Commissionen XLII. Provided nevertheless, That if at any Time of; Times it shall be found necessary to raise, fink*

to pay for alter- or any otherwise alter the Postion of any of the Pipes or Plugs, laid down or placed by any of the

fog Papes. Companies, who furnish the Inhabitants within the Limits aforesaid with Water, or of any leaden or

other Pipes belonging to any of the said Water Companies, or to any other Person or Persons, which,

for the Purposes of conveying Water into any House, Area, or other Place, have been, or shall be laid

into or from any such Pipe or Pipes, or to remove or to replace the Grates over any of the Common

/ Sewers, for the Purpose of new-paving or altering the Pavement of any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes,

* Courts, Yards, Mewfes, Alleys, Passages, or Places, the Expence thereof, shall, from Time to Time,

be paid out ol the Money arising, or to arise, by virtue of this Act, and shall always be done with as

little Detriment and Inconvenience to the said respective Companies or Inhabitants, as the Circum-

stances of the Cafe will admit.

Pavement*alter- XLIII. Provided always. That when and so often as any Part of the Pavements of the said Squares,

cd at theReoueft Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewfes, Alleys, Passages, or Places, shall be taken up by any rerfon

they^eTo°rSJy or ^er^ons> for Purposes of placing, altering, or amending any such Pipe or Pipes, the fame shall,

allixpences. with all convenient Speed, be repaired by the Pavior or Paviors contradlcd with or employed by the said

Commissioners, or under the Direction of their Surveyor or Surveyors, at the Expence of the Proprie-

for or Proprietors of the said leaden or other Pipes respedlively, if fu^h Pipe is replaced, altered or

amended, at the Request of such Proprietor or Proprietors, and not otherwise.

CrmmifTionrrf XLiV. Provided also, That it shall ;nd may be lawful to and r’>r the said Commissioners, or any

mav cimpound Seven or more of them, from Ti : c to Time, to compound and agree with any iJ the Lid Proprietors

with c.id Pro- for a certain Sum of Money, by the Foot or other Mcalurc, as the said Commissioners, or any Seven

pneiors, cr more of them, shall think reasonable, in Lieu and Stead of their laying down and repairing such

Parts

