A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 68. 831

4 been clandestinely brought and imported into this Kingdom, and privately run on Shore and fold

4 here; and there is great Reason to believe that several Parcels of such painted Paper, which, upon

4 Importation, have been entered for private Use, and paid the Duties imposed by Law upon painted

4 Paper so imported, have nevertheless afterwards been fold and disposed of in this Kingdom, to the

4 great Prejudice of the Paper Stainers and Artificers in that Branch of Business here: And whereas all

4 Paper, printed, painted, or stained, in Great Britain, is liable to an additional Duty of One Penny

4 Halfpenny for every Yard Square, which Duty is not chargeable upon the Importation of Paper,

4 printed, painted, or stained, iw foreign Parts; and it may tend to discourage the clandestine and

illegal Importation and Sale of Foreign painted Paper, and to encourage the Manufacture of painted

4 Paper in this Kingdom, if the Importation of such Paper to be sold here was permitted, (ubjedi to the

4 like additional Duty as is charged upon such Paper, printed, painted, or stained, in this King lorn ;*

he it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same, That frPm and after the First: Day of Augifl^ One thousand seven hundred and After Au>uft,

seventy-three, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever, to import into this 1773* Harcr.

Kingdom, determined by way of Merchandise, and to utter and sell the same here, any Sort of Paper, printed, P'inted or

painted, or stained, in foreign Parts; any Thing in the before-recited Acts, or any other Act or Acts c'?cd ori^M.

to the Contrary notwithstanaing. p

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said First Duty of One

Day of Auviji, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, all Paper, printed, painted, or stained, Penny Hj,f:

in foreign Parts, and imported info this Kingdom, over and above the Customs, Suhltdies, and Duties ^ny y!u!"

already imposed thereupon, {hall be charged with and liable to pay a further Duty of One Penny aliPPapcr un-

Halfpenny for every Yard Square thereof, and in that Proportion for any greater or less Quantity of ported.

such Paper; which said additional Duty shall be raised, levied, and recovered, and paid by the fame

Rules and Regulations, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as the former Duties payable upon

the Importation of such Paper are by any Law now in Force, raised, levied, recovered, and paid; and

the fame shall be applied and appropriated to the same Uses and Purposes, and in the fame Proportions,

as the new Duties imposed upon painted Paper imported into this Kingdom, by Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Tenth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, are applied and appro-

priated.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in Nottoextend f

this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge any Paper with the additional affect the taft

Duty by this Act granted, which shall be printed, painted, or stained, in the East Indies, and im-Ind“ ComPany*

ported from thence by the United Company of Merchants of England trading thither, or Persons

licensed by them; any Thing herein-before contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LX VIII.

An Act to impower the Magistrates therein mentioned to settle and regulate the Wages of

Persons employed in the Silk Manufacture within their respective Jurisdictions.

4 TT J HEREAS it would be for the Benefit of Persons employed in the Silk Manufacture, if the Preamble.

Magistrates were impowered to settle, between the Master Weavers and their Journeymen,

the Price of Labour in the several Branches of the said Manufacture ;* be it therefore enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That

from and after the First Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, the Wages and

Prices for Work of the Journeymen Weavers within the City of London shall be settled, regulated,

, and declared, by the Lord Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen, of the said City; and in all Places in

the County of Middlesex, by the Justices of the Peace for the said County; and in all Places within

the City and Liberty of IVtjhninJler, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden in and for

the said City and Liberty; and in all Places within the Liberty of the Tower of London, at the General

Quarter Sessions of the reace ho!den in and for the said Liberty, at their General Quarter Sessions of

th Peace respectively; and the Lord Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen, of the City of London,^ and

the said Justices of the Peace are hereby respectively authorised and impowered, from Time to 'lime,

upon Application being made to them for that Purpose, to settle, regulate, order, and declare, the

Wages and Prices of Work of the Journeymen Weavers working within their respective Jurisdictions

as aforesaid; and shall and may, within the Space of Fourteen Days next after the making every such

Order, cause* the fame to be printed and published, at the reasonable Expence of the Person or Per-

fons applying for the fame, Three Times, in any Two daily Newspapers published in London or

Westminster; which Publication shall be deemed and allowed to be sufficient Notice and Publication

thereof; and from and after Publication thereof, all Weavers, and their Journeymen, are hereby

flridtly required to observe the fame.

IL And be it further enacted, That if after the said First Day of July, One thousand seven hundred

and seventy-three, any Master Weaver, within either of the aforesaid Distridts, shall give more or less

Wages, or pay larger or less Prices, to any of the Journeymen Weavers aforesaid, for their Work,

than shall b.e settled or allowed as aforesaid, and shall be convicted of the said Offences before any

5 O 2 T wo

After Ju!y t,

1733, Wa-

ges of Journey-

men Weavers

within London

to be settled by

the Lord Mayor,

See.

and in Middlesex

andWvft.rwnfter,

See by thejuf-

t ces of the

Peace.

Orders to be

published mTwo

News papers

Three Times, at

the Expence of

' erfons applying

for the fame.

Master Weaver!

giving more or

less Wages thin

shall be (ettled,

as atoiela d,

on Conviction,

to forfeit 50I.

