2i8 C. 36.

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1771.

the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, James Smcllct Esquire, one of the Commissaries of Edinburgh, and

Comnv.fTIonm

refuting to ac-

c< pt anJ ict, to

frrfcit one Year’s

Atlcfilnent.

Commissioners

ic meet annually

at the Chap el of

EitV, on the first

Moniay after

the Meet.ng of

the Court of

SeiVion in Sum-

mer, and chuse

a Convei.er*

The Office of

Comri iiTionervto

determine 3t the

E "d of one Year

ficm thehrft Ge-

neral Meeting.

Inhibitanfs to

flcdt Comm if*

li- ners and other

Officers for erch

frparate Distridk.

Tre2furers to

find Security.

Ail Quezon? to

lee t rm ned l>y

the ii.ii b t

havi. i t 1 i\h-

j;r;t> or V'Ua

ti< i), 11 ny t e

ctes n Cu . ot

Euailry.

If.my’ strict

r.-le i to e a

Com r.iii.0.1 i

an i ut.'.er Oiii

C< r , t e (; 1. -

ral M ■*.

ing; I C . 111-mi.-

fi ntr.c rr ’hi

o’h r \j. ,'n>..s 10

elect . id

If f v o; r J! o.

the Uii.c.3

n-rhO to / !t£i.

the Com r. Clion*

ers lor the i-’r-

taer Y’ .»* to

contir.u.

Commilf’oner',

&c elv'ng d rc-

movh'.g, *th rs

to be ciiulcn.

B<;ker, (lull be Commissioners for Cross causeway Dillrift; being all Inhabitants within the Bounds above

described of the respective Districts for which they are hereby severally named, and their Succefi’ors, to be

elected in Manner herein after mentioned, are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in

Execution: And if any of the Commissioners above named, or any other to be hereafter chosen in Man-

ner herein after mentioned, shall refute to accept and act, such Person or Persons dial 1 forfeit one Year*3

A fie fiinc nt extraordinary, in re spect of such Rcfulai, to be* levied along with, and in the lame Manner as

the other Aflcfimenrs for that Year are herein after directed to be levied.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Commissioners above named for the said

several Districts, or any (even or more of them, shall meet at the Chapel of Ease, near Edinburgh, upon the

frit Airplay after the Sitting or Meeting of the Court of Sc (lion in Scotland for the Summer Session, tint

shall frit h. ppen after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of T en in the Forenoon and Two of the

Afternoon (and shall meet afterwards at the same Place and Time annually) and shall chuse one of their

Number to be Convener, who is hereby impowered to cali a General Meeting of tire Corr.rmfiiontrs, at

any Time during the Currency of the Year, when ncctiiary, at the Desire of any two or more of the

Commissioners lor that Year, upon ten Days Advertisement in any of the Edinburgh Newspapers: And

the said Commissioners arc hereby impowered to adjourn the said General Meetings from time to time, to

meet at the Place aforesaid, or any other convenient Place within the said eight Dillricts, as they shall

think proper.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Office of Commissioners named and ap-

pointed by this Act IE.all ccafe and determine at the End of one Year from the frit General Meeting ap-

pointed by this Act: And in order to supply their Places, a General Meeting of the whole Inhabitants of

each District afiVfled by this Act shall be assembled fcparatcly in each Diflriet, determined by the Converter of the

Conmiifty ners then in Office, at least ten Days before the next General Annual Meeting, by Advertifc-

ment in any of the Edinburgh Newspapers, or by affixing a written Notice thereof upon the principal Door

of the Puriih Church in each Parish of the said Districts; and in case the Convener shall neglect or refuse

to call such Annual Meeting in each District as is above directed, then it Hull and may be lawful for any

three of the Inhabitants of each District to call such Meeting, upon Notice by Advertisement in any of the

Edinburgh Newspapers, at least fix Days before the general Annual Meeting; and such Inhabitants being

so assembled, they shall severally cleft five Commissioners for each District, to act for the then enruing

Year: And such Inhabitants so assembled as aforesaid, within their several and fepurate DiUriels, shall also

elect and chuse a proper Person or Persons to be Treasurer, Collector, and Clerk, for each of their respec-

tive Distridis, and shall appoint him or them a reasonable Salary or Salaries, for his or their Trouble, out

of the Money to be levied in the said respective Districts; and which Treasurer, Collector, or Clerk, may

be removed from his Office, upon any reasonable Cause, in the Judgement of the find five Commissioners,

or the Majority of them, who are hereby impowered to appoint a proper Person in his or their Place, to

continue in Office till the next Annual Election: And every Person or Persons so elected nr appointed shall

find Security for the due and faithful Execution of his or their Office, under such Penalty as the said five

Com mi dinners, or the Majority of them, shall think reasonable; and such fiveral Inhabitants shall report

their Ehftion of five Commissioners, Treasurer, Collector, and Clerk, to the then next annual General

M < ting: And it is hereby declared, That in the said Annual, and a); the other Meetings of ti»e In uhitants

of the respective Districts, all Matters are to be determined according to me Voices of the Inhabitants pre-

f nt having the Majority of Valuation; and in case of Equality, by the Voice of the Prefes elected at such

M* ciing, vvm i shall, notwithstanding such decisive Voice, have a Vote along with the other Inhabitants or

CfUTimilli jih rs.

iV. And be it further enacted, That if in any Year any of the said several DidrkTs shall fail in electing

and removing to the annual General Meeting, in Manner above directed, their Choice of five Com mi f-

fiontrs, I reafurer, Collector, and Clerk, or if any of the Comr:,itIioners, elected and reported in Manner

above mentioned, shall refuse to accept and aft; then the Commissioners for the several Districts who have

a^ted for the preceding Year, together with the new elected Commissionets for the succeeding Year, willing

to ace- p: and aft, shall, in their annual General Meeting, chuse and appoint five Co nmissioners, and a

Trta'urcr, Collector, and Clerk, for each District winch has failed to make and report their Election in

Manner above prescribed: And such Commissioners, Treasurer, Collector, and Clerk, are hereby velied

v.-.th the tame Powers for putting this Act in Execution, as if they had been regularly elected and reported

determined by the I r,habitants of each separate Difirift, in Manner above mentioned: And if (even or all of the said

several Diitridts should fail in making and reporting such annual Election of Commissioners, Treasurers,

Collect :s and Clerks, in Manner as above directed; then, and in that Cafe, the Commissioners, Trea-

furers Gblectou, and Clerks, and other Officers last elected, shall continue in their respective Offices

till the iv xi Annuid Election.

V Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and so often as it shall happen that any one

or moh* of the said Commissioners, Treasurers, Collectors, or Clerks, in any of the said several Distiich,

fh ill Ui., or icmove out of any of the said Districts, the Inhabitants of all and every the said Diilrifts dial!,

within ten Dav^ after such Death or Removal, nominate and appoint a Commissioner or Commissioners,

Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Cleik or Clerks, in the Room and Place of such of them

as

