A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 44, 4$. 521

every Persons or Person claiming, or to claim by, from, or under them, any or either of them, or by,

from, or under the said WilliamT\tXz Lord Viscount Chetwynd, deceased), all such Estate, Right, Title,

Interest, Benefit, Property, Possession, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, either at Law or in Equity, of,

in, to, or out of the said several Houses and Buildings thereto respectively belonging, and other the

Premises herein-before respectively mentioned, or any Part thereof, as they, every, or any of them,

had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed if this Act had not been

made.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be allowed in all Courts whatsoever as a Pub- RvUick-AIU-

lick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as

such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Reversion or Remainder in Fec-simple, now veiled in His-

Majesty, of and in an Annual or Fee-farm Rent of One hundred and thirteen Pounds, One of the fe-

veral Fee-farm Rents granted to the Right Honourable Edward, heretofore Earl of Sandwich, by His-

late Majesty King Charles the Second, unto the Honourable James Archibald Stuart, and his Heirs,

upon a full and adequate Conf&deration to be given by him, or his Heirs, for the fame.

CAP. XLV.

An Act for the Regulation of Carters, Carriages, and loaded Horses; and for removing4

Obstructions and Nuisances upon the Streets and Highways within that Part of Great

Britain called Scotland.

WHEREAS many Accidents happen, and great Mischief is frequently done upon the Streets PrwxnMdr

and Highways within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by the Negligence or wilful

4 Misbehaviour of Persons driving Carriages: And whereas the Law, as it now (lands^ is insufficient for

4 correcting these Abuses, or punishing the Persons guilty of them; may it therefore please Your Ma-

4 jetty that it may be enacted;* and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of September, One After Sept, t,

thousand (even hundred and seventy two, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall drive any Cart, Car, *77»> Perron-

with or without I edges, or any Waggon, Sledge, or Dray, of any Kind, whatsoever, upon the High J?*rt

Roads or Streets within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, unless the Matter or Owner of such Waggon, with-

Cart, Car, with or without Ledges, or such Waggon, Sledge, or Dray, shall place upon some conspi- outtbeNamcof

cuous Part of such Cart, Car, with or without Ledges, Waggon, Sledge, or Dray, the Name or Names ti,e Owner,

of the real Owner or Owners of any such Carriage, and the Place of Residence of the real Owner or ^nce^to*

Owners of any such Carriage, or of the House or Farm where the Owner or Owners generally employ bepiaced^n 1°

such Carriage, in different Colours from the Body of such Carriage; and also the Numbers (beginning conspicuou* Part

Number One and so upwards) where more Carts, Cars, or other Carriages than One belong to the fame of such Cart;

Person, in order that the Driver may the more easily be convicted of any Difdorder or Misbehaviour com- ;ndaif©the

mitted by him or her. of such

carnage.

II. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall drive any of the be- Offender*driving;

fore-mentioned Carriages upon any of the said High Roads or Streets, not having the Name or Names Catt%&c. with-

of the Owner or Owners, and the Place of their Residence, or of the House or Farm where the Owner ^ch^amcs

or Owners generally employ such Carriage, and where more Carriages than One belong to the fame forfeit bo”*

Person, the Number placed upon some conspicuous Part of the fame; every such Person, offending in exceeding 20 .

any of the Cafes aforesaid, or the Owner or Owners of such Carriage respectively, shall forfeit a Sum norlcf* than 5a.

not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, and not less than Five Shillings Sterling, for each Offence for every Offence,

committed by him, her, or them.

III. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Time the Property of any of the Name* of Car-

above Carriages shall be altered, the succeeding Owner or Owners thereof shall, from l ime to Time,

within Fourteen Days next after he, she, or they shall become Owner or Owners thereof and shall have parity, by

used the fame, cause the Name or Names and Residence of the former Owner or Owners, and Num- succeeding Own -

ber thereof to be taken oft* from every such Carriage before-mentioned, and the Name or Name9 and er*, wi hm 14

Place of Rdidence of the succeeding and real Owner or Owners, and Number thereof, where more Car- at!rr lhry

liages than One belong to the fume Person, to be placed in Manner aforesaid, upon some conspicuous os^Penalty^of”

Part of such Carriage or Carriages; and every person or Persons who shall omit to do the fame shall ^05 and not left -

forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, and not less than Five Shillings Sterling, for than 5*. for

each Offence. every Offence.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall place a false Person* pitting

Name or Place of Residence upon any such Carriage belonging to him, her, or them, the Person

or Persons so offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence, a Sum iK>t exceeding Forty Shillings

Sterling.

Vol. XI. 3, X 4 V. And

