226

Offers making

false Certificates,

tr foitVir ico 1.

Persons fa! fi ty-

ing Certificates,

frail foifc;t icol.

Proviso,

Commissioners

to give Account

to Parliament,

next Session, of

Cat tie, &c. ex-

ported.

How Certifi-

cates of landing

Commodities to

be returned.

Proviso,

Penalties and

Forfeitures how

to be recovered

and applied.

Proviso.

Limitation of

Act ions.

Central Issue.

Treble Cofis.

Commencement

and Continuance

cl ihi« Act.

C. 37. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

any Officer shall make any false Certificate of such Commodities being so landed, such Officer shall forfeit

the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and lose his Employment, and be incapable of serving his Majesf y, his

Heirs or Success'ors, in any Office relating to the Customs: And if any Person {full counterfeit, rafe, or

falsify, airy such Certificate, or knowingly pubiifh any such Counterfeit rased, or false Certificate, he shall

forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and such Certificate shall be void and of no Effect: Which said

Penalties for Offences committed in Great Britain, shall be recovered in the fame Courts, and in the fame

Manner, as the other Penalties inftidted by this Act are recoverable; and for Offences committed in the

Colonies or Plantations in America, or other the Dominions belonging to the Crown of Great Britain in

Europe, shall be recovered in the High Court of Admiralty, or in any Chief Court of Civil or Criminal Ju-

rifdidtion, in such respective Colonies, Plantations, or Dominions, and shall be divided into equal Moieties

between his Majesty and the Informer; and the said Bond or Bonds, if not prosecuted within three Years,

shall be void.

VI. Provided nlfo, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prohibit the United Company of Mer-

chants of England trading to the Ea/1 Indies, from exporting any of the said Commodities to any of their

Forts, Factories, or Settiements, for the Support of the Persons residing there, so as the like Security be

given for the exporting thereof, as is required by this Act to be given by Persons carrying any of the said

Commodities to the British Colonies in America.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Customs for

the time being shall, and they are hereby required to give a full and true Account, in Writing, to both

Houses of Parliament, at the Beginning of the next Session thereof, of all Cattle and other Provisions that

shall before that Time be exported to any Place whatsoever by virtue or in pursuance of any of the Liber-

ties or Powers hereby given or granted for that Purpose.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Certificates of the landing and dif-

charging of the said Commodities to be exported, other than Coastwise, shall be returned within the respec-

tive Times following; (that is to say) Where the Bonds are taken in respect of any of the said Commodi-

ties tt) be exported from Great Britain to any of the said Colonies or Plantations in America, within eighteen

Calendar Months after the Date of such Bonds; and where to Gibraltar or Minorca, within twelve Calen-

dar Months after the Date of such Bonds; and where from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to

Great Britain, within six Calendar Months after the Date of such Bonds respectively.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted by‘the Authority aforesaid, That no salted Provisions which shall

be exported by virtue of this Act, shall be intitled to any of the Bounties or Drawbacks which are allowed

and made payable on the Exportation of such Commodities, or any of them.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act

imposed, and for the Recovery and Application whereof no other Provision is herein before made, shall be

sued for and recovered, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of

Record in Wcflminjhr, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and that the respective Courts before

whom the fame shall be recovered, may, and are hereby authorised, if they shall think fit, to mitigate all or

any of the pecuniary Penalties herein before inflicted, to any Sum not less than one-fourth Part of the Sum

herein respectively mentioned; and that one Moiety of all such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered,

shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who Dial I

sue for the lame, or give Information of, or discover the Offence.

XL Provided always, That all Suits, Prosecutions, or Informations, for Offences committed against

this Act, shall he commenced and made within the Space of six Calendar Months after the Fadt is commit-

ted, and not otherwise; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action cr Suit shall be com-

menced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit

shall be commenced within the Space of four Calendar Months next after the Offence shall be committed ;

and if such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted in that Part of Great Britain called England,

the Defendant or Defendants, in any such Action or Suit, may plead the General I flue, and give this Act

and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pur-

fuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find

for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall he nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after

the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or De-

murrer against the Plaintiff*, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have

the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cafes by Law: And

if such Action or Suit be commenced or prosecuted in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Court

before whom such Action or Suit shall be brought {ball allow the Defender to plead this Act in his De-

fence; and if the Pursuer shall not insist on his Action, or if Judgement shall be given against such Pursuer,

the Defendant shall and may recover the full and real Expences he may have been put to by any such Ac-

tion or Suit.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue until the twen-

tieth Day after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament#

C A

