750 C. 45. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773*

wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be be allowed, to-

gether with Full Costs of Suit.

No more th«n ' CX. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing

®n« Mill and in this Act contained shall extendr or be construed to extend, to authorise or impower the said

One Gig to Commissioners for the said First District, or any of them, or the Lessee or Lessees of Methwold

ram intobtoko $vera/^ or any future Lessee or Lessees thereof, his, her, or their Tenant or Tenants, or any

other Person or Persons whomsoever, to ered or set up more than One Mill within the said Firit

District, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, or to mill or throw Water into the said River

JVifley or Stoke River; and that no more than One Mill shall ever be erected or fee up at the fune

Time within the said First for milling or throwing Water into the said River or Stoke

River \ any Thing in this Act to the Contrary hereof notwithstanding.

CXI. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein-before contained {hall prevent the Owner and

Proprietor or Owners or Proprietors, for the Time being, of.a certain Fen called Flezg Fen, East Feny

or North Fen, from erecting, at his or their own Costs and Charges, One Gig or Mill only in the said

Fen, not exceeding Fifreen Feet upon the Port, for the folePurpose of draining the said Fen into the

said River IViffey or Stoke River.

C ert CXII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this AS contained shall authorise or impower

foTdraioingfi&all the respective Commissioners for draining or improving the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds,

not interfere or any of them, by virtue of this Act, or the Commissioners appointed by the said Act of the

withtheCom- Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to exercise any Power or Authority over such

mi IB oners for Works as are directed to be done and performed by the Commissioners for the Care of the said River

widening Stoke jf'j/fiu or Stoke River, but that all such Works shall be done and performed under the Direction of the

VOfr said Commissioners for the Care of the said River IViJfey or Stoke River only; any Thing in the said Act

of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, or this Act, to the Contrary notwithstanding.

SiviogClroieto CXIIL Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any

theCsrporation Thing herein contained, shall not extend to irr.power the faici Corr.missioners, or any of them, to have,

of Bedford Lc- use, or exercise, any Power, or Authority over, or to intermeddle with any of the Sewers, Drain*,

or Works, already made, or hereafter to be made, by the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Common ifty

of the Company of Conservators of the said Great, Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, by virtue

of an Act of Parliament made in the Fifteenth Year of King Chaplet the Second, intituled, An Act

fir settling the draining of the Fens called Bedford Level, or by virtue of any other Act or Statute what-

soever, or to invalidate, lessen, diminish, alter, or take away, any of the Rights, Powers, and Autho-

rities, vested in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or in the said Governor, Bailiffs, or

Conservators; but that all Rights, Powers, and Authorities whatsoever, which by virtue of the faii

Act, made in the said Fifteenth Year, of the said King Charles the Second, or any othpr Act or

Statute whatsoever, now are vested in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, or any of them,

shall for ever hereafter remain, continue, and he, in the said Govern >r. Bailiffs, and Commonalty, ami

the fa'rd Governor, Bailiffs, or Conservators, and every of them, as fully and amply, to all Intents and

Purposes, as if this Act had never been made,

trrtiifatlofl of CXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Suit, or In-

AAloof. formation, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done, or to

be done, in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calen-

dar Months next after the F*d committed, and not afterwards, and shall belaid or bought in the

-particular County or Liberty where such Offence shall be supposed to have been done, but-not elfs-

where; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Actions or Suits, shall and may plead the General

OtoenlIifae. Iffje, and, if in Replevin, mayjuftify and avow, by virtue of this Act, a3 Persons acting by Autho-

rity of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do, and give the Special Matter in Evidence, without

specially pleading the same otherwise than as aforesaid, at any Trial to be had thereupon and that

the Fad alledged to have been done was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act: And

if the fame shall appear to have been so done, of if any such Action or Suit shall be b ought after

the Time for bringing the fame, or shall be brought in any other County, Liberty, or Place, as

aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowmt or Avowants; but ii the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution, or distontinue his, her, nr their

Suit or Suits, or if any Verdict shall pass against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer \ then, arul rti

any of the said Cafes, the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, (hill recover Double

Double o u Costs, for which he, she, or they, shall have the like Remedy as where Costs by Law are awarded.

Publick A&. CXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That this Act shall be deemed a

Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and all other Persons, are hereby requireJ 10 take Notice

thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

Hiver.

Provisor

cap.

'

