180 C. 29. Anno undecimo Georg 11 III. A.D. 1771.

herein before made, by the Alderman of the Ward next adjoining to the fame respectively, or by his De-

puty, with the major rart of his Common Councilmen 5 and such Rates shall be recovered in Manner here-

in before directed ; any Law, Statute, Custom, Usage, or Prescription to the contrary notwithstanding.

Prorlfo. XCIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained,

with regard to paving, cleansing, and lighting, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Liberty of

St. Martin le Grandy belonging to the Dean and Chapter of Westminster $ any Thing in this Act to the con-

trary in anywise notwithstanding.

Same Powers C. And be it further enadea, That the said Commissioners shall and may, at all Times hereafter, ex-

given to Com- ercife and put in Practice all and every the Powers and Authorities given to and veiled in any Commission-

miflnners, aa to ers Qf Sewers, in any other County or Place, by force and virtue of any of the Laws and Statutes of this

ofTountiw.*" Kingdom, or of any Commission to them granted pursuant to the fame.

A T 11 to be to End Intent that the useful Purposes of this Act may be the better and more speed-

taken at°the * ity carried into Execution, and for and towards increasing the Fund for defraying the Charges of paving,

several Turn- ‘ cleansing, and lighting the said City and Liberties, and of making, widening, deepening, altering, and

pikci hereafter 1 removing the common Sewers, public Drains, and Vaults, within the fame/ it is hereby further enacted,

mentioned, be- That upon and after the first Sunday next after the passing of this Act, there shall be paid to the Receiver or

orCamaCefcall Rece*vers» Collector or Collectors, to be nominated and appointed as herein after-mentioned, before any

Se permitted to Cattle or Carriage shall be permitted to pass on a Sunday through any or either of the Turnpikes herein

pafson a Sunday, after-mentioned, or through any Turnpike to be erected by virtue of this or any other Act or Acts of Par-

liament near the fame, (videlicet) The Turnpike at Mile End, the Turnpike at Bethnal-green, the Turn-

pike at Hackney, the Turnpike at Kingjland, the Turnpike at BaWs Pounds or Pond% ljlington, the Turn-

pike at Holloway^ the Turnpike at the End of Saint Johns Street, the Turnpike at the End of Gofweil

Street, and the Turnpike on the New Road, commonly called The City Road9 all which Turnpikes are in

the County of Middlesex j the following Tolls, (videlicet)

ThcTolIi# For every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Chaise, Chair, Calash, or other Carriage, drawn by fix or more

Horses, or Mules, the Sum of Tenpence.

For every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Chaise, Chair, Cala(b, or other Carriage, drawn by four Horses, or

Mules, the Sum of Eightpence.

For every Coach, Cnariot, Berlin, Chaise, Chair, Calash, or other Carriage, drawn by three or two

Horses, or Mules, the Sum of Sijmence.

For every Chaise, Chair, Calash, or other Carriage, drawn by one Horse, or Mule, the Sum of Three-

pence.

And for every Horse, Mule, or Afs not drawing, the Sum of one Penny.

The said Tolls

to be taken

above and ei-

elusive of all

other Tolls.

Tolls vested In

the Mayor and

Commonalty and

Citizensj

to be levied by

Distress and

Sale*

Distress may be

fold after four

Days.

Co mm: fillers

may erect Turn

pikes. Sec,

Turnpikes, Sec.

vested in the

M^vor and Com

monalty and

Citizens*

Tolls may b*

colic&od at ike

Which said respective Sums of Money shall and may be demanded and taken for and in the Name of a

Street-toll, over and above and exclusive of all other Tolls, which are or shall be authorised to betaken

and collected, upon or on account of the said Roads, or any of them, and the Monies arising therefrom

shall be and are hereby vested in the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, and shall be disposed of

for the Purposes of paving, cleansing, and lighting the said City and Liberties, and of making, enlarging,

widening, deepening, altering, and removing the common Sewers, public Drains, and Vaults, within the

fame : And the said Commissioners are hereby impowered by themselves, or by any Person or Persons by

them thereto authorised, to levy the Toll hereby required to be paid, upon any Person or Persons who

shall, after Demand thereof made, neglect or refuse to pay the fame as aforesaid, or to deny or hinder any

Passage through the said Turnpikes respectively, until Payment thereof; which said Toll shall and may be

levied by Distress of any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle, upon which the Toll is by this Act imposed, or

upon any of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons who ought to pay the fame j and all such

Horses, Cattle, or Goods, may be detained until such Toll, with the reasonable Charges of such Distress,

shall be paid j and it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons so distraining, after the Space of four

Days from the Time of making and taking such Distress, to fell the Horse or Horses, Cattle, Goods, or

Chattels, so distrained, rendering the Owner or Owners thereof the Overplus upon Demand, after Satis-

faction of the said Toll, and the reasonable Charges in and about making such Distress, Keeping, and

Sale, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

CII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for

the said Commissioners, if they shall think proper, at any Time or Times during the Continuance of tbi*

Ad, tocaufeto be erected any Turnpike or Turnpikes, at or near all or any of the respective Places afore-

mentioned, for the Purposes of collcding the several and respective Tolls hereby made payable, and also

cause to be erected or provided a Toll -house at or near each Turnpike, and, from time to time, to remove

or alter the fame as they the said Commissioners shall think expedient; and the Right and Property of aft

the Turnpikes and Toll-houses, to be from time to time erected and provided by virtue of this Act, and

the Right and Property of the Materials provided for building or repairing the fame, shall be, and are

hereby vested in the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens ; and they are hereby impowered to bring, or

cause to be brought, any Ad ion or Actions, in the Name of the Corporation, and to prefer, or order the

preferring of Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall injure the fame, or any Part thereof, or

disturb them in the Possession thereof, or take or retain, or hold Possession thereof, after being required by

Order of the Commissioners to deliver up the fame.

ClIL Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful*

for the several and respective Receivers or Collectors, and other Persons to be appointed by virtue of this

At\y

