A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 4.6.

XXXIII. Provided always, and he It further enacted, Tli3t it shall and may be lawful for any Pern u v r ;>eil ni;rayi*ct

Person* to erect or set lip, or cause to be* erected or lit up, in any of the hid Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, up h jrd* for

2nd Yard, any Inclosures, Polls, Dais, or Rails, or other Matter or Thug for the Purpose of m king ng of Mor-

Mor^ar, and dcpoliting Bricks, Lime, or other Materials, for hiilJirg 1. pairing any Houses, Building;, "V1*

or other Works, every such Person or Persons, first chaining Leave uruLr the Hand of the Surveyor or ^min^onas

Cleric to the LiJ Commissioners for those Purposes respectively, which he is hereby impowered by their

Permiifion to give; but if any Person or Persons lh.nl cr and set up, or cause to be erected and set up,

a»nv such Inclosures, Polls, Bars, or Rail?, or any oilier iMatrer or Tning for the Purposes aforesaid, with-

out ideh Leave firA had and obtained, every such Person An I, for every fuc'i O Ac nee, forfeit and pay any

Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor leB than five Shillings, for every Hour such Inclosure, Matter,

or Thing as aforcuid, shall remain ami continue.

XXX iV. And be it further enacted, Th.it no Pirfon or Person? whatsoever shall firt, throw, caA, or ofljy

lav, or cause, permit, or suffer to be firted, thrown, c;»A, or laid, any Aih?% DuA, D;rt, Soil, or other !ng A/he*’ &c‘

Pilch whatsoever, before any Dwelling-home, Snop, Stable, Building, or Wall, in any of the Streets,imo 1 l,cet*

Danes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public PafiMes, within me fa d Paiifn; hut shall keep, or cause

the lame to be k.pt, in their respecBvc Houses or Yards, until Bach Time as the Pci foil or Persons con-

tracted with or employed to cany away such Allies, Dulf, Hi t, Filth, or Soil, do come by or near their

Ilouics, Doors, or Places where they dwell, with a Cart or Ca ts, or oilier Convenlemies, for carrying

away the fame, upon Pain of forfeiting, for the firA Offi nee, tnu Sum of five Shilling?; for the flcond

Cn.nce, the Sum of ten Shillings; and for the third, and every ether Oficiice, the Sum of twenty Shil-

l"g^

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person nnd Persons inhabiting within the said Font, ways to be

Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, or Yard, shall, from and after the fiiA Meeting of the LommiAioners for f*cpt.

putting this Act in Execution, fwccp and clean, or cause to be swept and clranfe), the Foot-paths before

their respective Houses, Buildings, and Walls, once in every Day, between the Hours of Nine and

Twelve in the Forenoon (Sundays excepted} upon Pain of forfeiting twenty Shillings for every Neglect

therein.

XXXVI. And be i: further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, may Houseitobe

order and direct the Houses within the said Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, and Yard, or any of them, to be numbered, ice.

numbered with Figures, placed or painted over the Doors thereof, or on such other Part of the said Houses

respectively, as they the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, {hall think proper; and may

alto order and direct to be engraver!, painted, or otherwise described, on a conspicuous Part of some House,

cr other Building, at or near the End or Corner of each Street, Row, Lane, Alley, and Yard respectively,

the Name by which such respective Street, Row, Lane, Alley, and Yard, is usually or properly called or

known: And if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously destroy, injure, obliterate, or deface

any such Number, Figure, Name, or Description, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the fame to be

d me, and {lull be convicted thereof, by his or their own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more cre-

cicde Witness or Witnesses, before one or more JuAice or JuAices of the Peace for the County of Middle-

yV.r, which Oath such JuAice or JuAices is and are hereby impowered to adminiAcr, every such Person so

cr^nd.ng Anil, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Comrrvffioner?, or ar.y seven or more of them, shall Signs, a*, to

and may ccufe all Trees, Signs, Sign-poAs, Sign-irons, Dyers, Scourer.', and Barbers Poles, or any bsrcin#vcJ#

other Poles, Perches, Pent-houlcs, Boards, Spouts, and Gutters, projecting into or over the said Streets,

Row, Lane, Alley, or Yard, or any of them, and all other Incroachmenrs, Projections, or Annoyances

whatsoever therein, to betaken down ami removed; and shall cause all Signs, Sign-boards, and Gutters,

10 be affixed and placed close to or on the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, WarehouRs, cr Buildings where-

vinto they respectively belong, or otherwise, as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them,

shall think proper and convenient; and shall return, or cause to be returned, to the relptrflive Owners, all

cr so much of such Signs, SigrvpoAs, Poles Sign irons, Boarvis Spouts, and Gutters, as (h ill not be af-

fixed or put up, or otherwise made ufc of in the Alterations directed by the said Commissioners, in punu-

ance of this Act: And that for the future all Signs, Sign-boards, and Gutters, {h ill be placed and fixed

ciofc to or on the Fronts of the H >uses, Shops, Warehouses, or Building?, to which they rdpciftively be-

long, and not otherwise; and if any Person or Persons {hall, at any Time iureafer, hang, place, ereci, or

buiid, any Sign, Sign-poA, or other PoA, Sign-iron, Pole, Penthouse, Bond, Spcut, Gutter, or other

Projection, Obstruction, or Annoyance whatsoever, or cause the fame to he done, contrary to the true In-

tent and Meaning of this Act, every Person so oAending shall, for every such Offence, toifcit and pay any

Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings; and also the further Sum of five Shillings

for every Hour the fame shall continue.

4 XXXVIII. Ar.d whereas the said Streets, Row, Lane, Aliev, and Yard, arc in feme Parts thereof $,

f greatly obftuicied, and made dangerous to Foot-paflcngers, determined by Steps being brought out from Houics,'ion*. Arc. to be-

Step* and Doors going down into Cellars, Vaults, and other Plates, and by Shcvv-glafi. s, Shew-boards, removed,

and other Matters or Thinys projecting from Shops or Houses over and beyond the Ar*a belonging

4 to f ich I Ioufcs, or into the root-ways ;* Be it therefore further cna:icd, "That fro n ami after the p thing

cf thi* Alt, all such Smps projecting into the Foot ways of the said Strec's, Row, bane. Alley., and \ ard,

- nJ a, I Steps and Doors going down out of the Foot-ways into any Cellars, V uts, or other Places, as

1 .*c a 1V all Shew-gULs or Shew-boards projecting over and beyond the Areas, or into the Foot-ways,.

inJ n)1 and every other Matters or Things which Jo, or fh til caulc or occasion any Nuilance, Annoy a ce,

ia^ru-.bment, or Obiiruction, in the said Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, ana Yard, cr any of them, cither

