A.D. 1771.

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

C.

149

Oimmiffi »ners (hd! fl.ir.J in N*cd (hereof for the Purposes for which the Lmc war. coltecteJ; then. :md in

every such Laic, such Sum and Sum? of Money {hall be again rated and aficfleJ hv the said Commissioner',

or any nine or more of them, in the Streets, Lane?, and places, for which Inch Person shall have Ikc;i ap-

pointed Code\it< r, in such Proportion a ml Manner us the Rates ate directed to he made by tins Act ;: nd

Dull fu ColIuLd, !ev\d, and dittr.lined in such Marnier, ard u:i<J^r such Penalties, as are nercin provided

t*.r and !e. > ing the Rates due and payable by this Act.

X L! \\ Punided always and be it enacted, 'Thai pone of the Commiftoners hciein named, or who t\f.

Duli be hereafter chosen by virtue of this Act, shall act as a Commissioner, during such Time as he or q*»*;KcJ >> m

they (lull execute the Unice ot Collector or Collectors of the Ra.es to be raised anu levied puriuant to this ? a> On.

^ mil:,oners.

L- And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Part or Parts of the Pavements Pavcm-nts li>

of the said Streets, Lane?, Alley*, nr other Places within the Distrtet aforesaid, hath or have been ac- b:e :o i»e rrMyr-

cuttomc i, or ought to be p ued and repaired by any particuLr P.uifh or Parishes, Bodies Politic or Corpo-

rate, and not by the Owner or Owners of the Houses or other Buildings adjoining to the Pavenunt ot ^-paired at their

the f..:d Street*, Lnnes, Alleys, arid Place respectively, the Lme shall be paved and repaired at the Lxpence E^cuchytht

c>f the respective Lari(h or Parlfhes, Bodies Politic or Corporate, by the Pavior or Paviors contracting Comr. irmus

with or employed by the f*iJ Commissioners. *Jjvl<rs*

LL Provided always, That it lli.nl and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or any five or more Commissioners

of them, front time to time, to compound and agree for the fame with any such Parish or Pat idles, or Bo- m-y compound,

dies Politic or Corporate, for a certain Sum ot Money determined by the boot or other Measure, as the said Com-

mhlioners, or any fi/c or more of them, fh dl think rc tlonable.

4 LI I. AnJ, for the more effectually enabling the fa;d Commissioners to execute the Purposes of this Act N.^t exce«rJin*

in the moil expeditious Manner/ It is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the 60001. mj» he

fa: j Commissioners, or any nine or more of then, and they are hereby impowered, from time to time,

when they shall judge it necessary for the Purpo aforesaid, to borrow and take up at Intcred any Sum or ° iC

Sums of Monty, not exceeding lire thou land Pounds, upon the Credit of the Rates or Aikiiments to be

made by virtue of this Act, and by any Writing or Writings, upon Vellum or Parchment, tigned by the

laid Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to allign the said Rates and Allcllments, or a competent

Part thereof, to any such Per Ion rr Per ions who shall advance or lend such Money thereon, as a Security or

Securities for the several Sums so borrowed, with legal or lower interelt for the lame; which Interest shall

be payable an 1 paid by the said Commt:Tioners, out of the Monies to arise by or from the Rates or Ailcll-

nun*.s to be made by \ irtuc of rhis Act.

4 Li 11 - And whereas many Person? may chuse to advance Money for the Purchase of Annuities, to be which Srm nny

4 fee ured upon and payable ou: of the said Kates and Aftellments / Be it therefore f urther enact.d. That bc adv»nc-a n»

i: Hull and may b.* 1 wful to in 1 :*or any Person or Persons, to contribute, advance, and pay into the H inds thcC o our.* iT; on-

er the fa* i C or any nine or more or them, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to ol Annuiiiei/

receive the same, for the Lies and PurpoLs o» this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the

Whale the Sum of six thousand Pounds, fur the abiolute Purchase of one or more Annuity or Annuities, to

Pc paid and payable during the full Term of the natural Life of every such Contributor or Contributors re-

flectively, or the natural Life of such otlvr Person or Persons as shall be nominated by or on Behalf of

such Contributor or Contributors rdpectively, at the Time of Payment of his, her, or their respective

Contribution-money, io as the Lid Annuity or Annuities do not exceed the Rate of nine Pounds oy the

Hundred by the Year; and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Sum, to be paid as aforesaid; and so

as the said Annuities, to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, do not, at any l ime, exceed in the Whole

the Sum of one thousand Pounds.

LIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That, the better to enab’c the faiJ Commis- Annuitant

Turners to raise Money to pay the Money borrowed on the said Rates, and until the said Sum of fix thou- l\*rfons

(and Pound?, first mentioned to be borrowed by virtue of this Act, shall be fully paid and satisfied, that fM,rc,u.;c

when and a* often as any such Annuitant or Annuitants shall die, it shall and may be lawful for any Per- Conmiju/ZcrT

fons to purcliale of the said Commissioners one or more Annuity or Annuities, in the Room of such Annu- nor exec?d:n*

itant or Annuitants lo dying, upon the Life of such Person or Persons, upon such Terms »nd Conditions, xcoqI,

and payable in such Manner, as above mentioned, so that the Sum or Sums to be contributed for the Pur-

chate of any Annuity or Annuities to be granted by virtue of this Act, shall, at no one l ime, exceed the

Lid Sum or one thru and Pounds.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Annuity or Annuities, so to be purchased under Annultl?*

ar.d by virtue of this Act, shall be and arc hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable from time cl‘ J "P^n

to time out of, the Monies arising by the Rates and AlUllments as aforesaid; and all and every the Contri- the 1Ule5>

butor or Contributors upon the Credit of this Act, duiy paying the Contribution or Purclufe-money for

any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, or his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, or

Ailigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be intitled, by virtue of this Act, to have, receive, and

cojoy, the respective Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased, out of the said Rates or Aflcilments by this

Act appointed for the Payment thereof as aforesaid, during the T erm of the natural Life of the Person to

be nonunatcJ by each such Purchaser or Contributor as before mentioned; and that all and every such Pur- and deemed

chafer and Purchasers, and their Executors, Adminifbators, or Alligns, shall have good, sure, alrolme, ,n " ‘!,jlc

and indetcafible Estates and Intercll in the Annuity or Annuities so by him, her, or them reflectively

to be purchased, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and that none of the said An- nn charge »ul€

r.uities shall be subject or liable to the 'Lax charged or to be charged upon Land by Authority of Par- he Lani

Lament^ and that every Contributor upon this Act iur me Purchase of any ludi Annuity or Annuities as i,u*

4 aloitlaiJ,

c. oooole

