68

Frnalfy on ob-

flrudinp 'be

Street?, Sec. ly

Carries, Tim

ber, &c.

Penrltv on driv-

ing Wheelbar-

rows, Sec. on

Foot Pavements.

Inclosures may

be made for the

Purpose of

Building.

Houses to be

■umbered.

Commissioners

m..y remove

Signs and other

Annoyances.

S'prr. Sec. re-

mMntnp unulcd,

to be* returned to

the original Fio-

p:Kter.

S»eps Arc. pro-

jecting too t.if,

to It itKao\td.

C. 15. Anno unckcimo Georgii III, A.D. 1771.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, from

and after the said second Monday next after the parting of this Act, set out, leave, or lay any Cart, Dray,

Waggon, or other Carriage, Wheels, Timber, Stones, or other Materials, Matters, or Things, whicti

may occasion any Annoyance, Nuisance, or OblTuction whatsoever in the said Street, so as to obstrudL

incommode, or endanger any Person or Persons, Carriage or Carriages whatsoever, parting thereon ; or if

any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, shall be fufFered to (land in any Part of the said Street, longer than

is needful and proper for the necessary loading or unloading thereof respectively ; or if any such Cart, Dray,

or other Carriage, shall be placed or set across any Part of th: said Street, for the Purposes of loading or

unloading the lame, it shall and maybe lawful, in any of such Cafes, for the said Commissioners, or any

five or more of them, either at any Meeting in pursuance of this AcT, or without any such Meeting, to

c^ufc the said Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages, together with the Horse and Horses, and Loading and

Loadings belonging thereto, and such other Matters and Things respectively, making or occalioning such

Annoyance, Nuisance, or Obffrudlion, to be removed, taken, carried away, and deposited in such Place

or Places as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall direct or appoint, there to remain

until the Offender or Offenders shall have paid and discharged all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending

the carrying away and depositing the fame as aforesaid, as also such Sum as the said Commissioners, or any

five or more of them, shall adjudge, not exceeding forty Shillings for each such Offence.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall lead,

run, ride, drive, draw, or cause to be led, run, driven, or drawn, any Horse, Mule, or other Bead ;

or any Coach, Chariot, Cart, or Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Truck, Cask, Wheel-barrow, or any other

Carriage whatsoever, on any Part of the Foot Pavements of the said Street, every such Person or Per-

fons shall forfeit, for the first Offence, the Sum of five Shillings, for the second Offence the Sum of ten

Shillings, and for the third and every other Offence the Sum of fifteen Shillings.

XXiX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Per-

fons shall and may ercdl cr let up, or cause to be ercdled or set up, in the said Street, any inclosure.

Polls, Bars, or Rails, or other Matters or Things for the Purpose of making Mortar, and depositing

Bricks, Lime, or other Materials for building or repairing any Houses, Buildings, or other Works; every

such Person or Persons fiift obtaining Leave under the Hand of the Surveyor or Clerk for the time being

to the said Commissioners, which he is hereby impowered to give, by their Permission, signed by five or

more of them ; but if any Person or Persons shall creel or set up, or cause to be ereCled or set up, any

such Inciofuies, Polls, Bars, or Rails, or any other Matter or Thing for the Purposes aforesaid, without

such Leave first had and obtained, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum

not exceeding ten Shillings for every Hour such inclosure, Matter, or Thing, as aforesaid, shall remain

and continue.

XXX. And be it further enadkd by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five

or more of them, may order and direct the Houses within the said Street to be numbered with Figures,

placed or painted on the Doors thereof, or on such other Part of the said Houses respectively as they the

said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper; and if any Person or Persons shall

wilfully or maliciously destroy, injure, obliterate, or deface any such Number or Figure, or any Descrip-

tion, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the fame to be done, and shall be convicted thereof by his

or their own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more

Jurtice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County or Place where such Offence shall be

committed ; every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of

forty Shillings.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said second Mor.dcry

next after the parting of this A <51, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall cause all Signs

which then or at any time after shall be placed or hung in any Part of the said Street, to be fixed or placed

on the Fronts of such Houses respectively whereunto the fame shall belong ; and also shall and may cause

all Sign-irons, Poffs, Boards, Spouts, Gutters, Pent-houses, or other Things occasioning ary Obstruc-

tion or Annoyance in the said Street, to be removed or altered, in such Manner as the said Commissioner?,

or any five or more of them, shall think most proper and convenient; and that for the future all Signs,

Koarcs, Spouts, or Gutters, shall be placed or fixed on the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, err

Buildings, whereunto they respectively belong, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them,

shall direct, and not otherwise ; and if any Person or Persons shall at any Time hereafter hang, place, ere<5l*

or build any Sign, Sign-pofi, or Iron, Board, Spout, or Gutter, or cause the fame to be done, in any

other Manner than as aforesaid, or shall in any Manner occasion any Incroachment or Annoyance in the

said Street, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

XXXI/. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Tint if any or any Part

of any such Sign, Sign-iron, or Port:, Board, Gutter, Spout, Pent-house, or other Projection, shall re-

main unused after the Alteration made thereto, as before directed, the fame dial 1 be returned to and be the

Property of the Person to whom the fame belonged before such Removal or Alteration.

4 XXXIII. And whereas the said Street is, in some Parts thereof, greatly obffrudlcd, and made dan-

4 gcrous to Foot Pailcngers, by Steps being brought out from Houses, Steps and Doors going down info

‘ Cellars, Vaults, and other Places, and by Shew-glasses, Shew-boards, and other Matters or T hings pro-

4 jedting from Shops or Houses over and beyond the Area belonging to such Houses, or into the Foot-ways

Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said second Monday after the

puffing of this Act, all such Steps projecting into the Foot-ways of the said Street, and all Steps and

Doors

