A.D. 1773.' Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. . C. 78. 873

Yards, or thereabouts, and particularly described in the Plan hereunto annexed, is for

the greatest Part thereof narrow, and cannot bt conveniently enlarged and made commodious for Travellers, (When it iionly

without diverting and turning the fame j and having viewed a Course proposed for the said new Highways to be widened,

through the Lands and Grounds of and of the Length Of

Yards, or thereabouts, and of the Breadth of Feet, or thereabouts, parti- infirrt),«Boc

cularly described in the Plan hereunto annexed, which we think will be much more commodious to «roaybecin-

the Publick; we do hereby order, that the said Highway bz diverted and turned through the Lands veniently ea-

aforesaid; and that the Surveyor of the Highways for the (Parishy etc*) of where the'^rgedand

said old Highway lies, do forthwith proeeed to treat and make Agreement with the said

and for the Kecompence to be made for the said Ground, and for the making ,f

such Ditches and Fences as shall be necessary, in such Manner, with such Approbation, and by pur- 0r, ‘widened

suing such Measures and Directions in all Refpe£b, as are warranted and prescribed by the Statute, 4andenlarged.*

made in jbe Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, 44 For the

44 Amendment and Preservation of the Highways And in case such Agreement shall be made as afore-

said, we do order an equal Assessment, not exceeding the Rate of Sixpence in the Pound, to be made,

levied, and collected upon all and every the Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, and

Hereditaments, in the said (Parish, etc*) of and that the Money arising thereupon be

paid and applied in making such Recommence and Satisfaction, as aforesaid, pursuant to th6 Directions

of the said Act.

A.B.

C.D.

NV XVII.

Certificate from the said Justices to the Court of Quarter Sessions.

To the Justices of the Peace, at their General Quarter Sessions, to be held at

County, the Day of if

, f . , Thit is to be

in the Jaia wrote upon the

above Order,

when no Agree*

WE the within named A. B. and C. D do hereby certify to the said Court of Quarter Sessions,£^canb#‘

that we made and signed the within Order, and that with our Approbation, and by our Di-

redion, the said Surveyor hath treated with the said and for the said

Lands required for the Purposes aforesaid, but was not able to make any Agreement for that Purpose

with them, or either of them -r and that he tendered to the said the Sum of

and to the said the Sum of as a Recompence for the said Ground,

and for the making the said Ditches and Fences, which they, and each of them, refused to receive.

.. A.B. ,

C. D.

No. xv m.

Order for flopping up the old Highway, and felling the Land and Soil thereof

WE whose Names are subscribed, being the Justices of the Peace who have viewed the several

Highways described iiv the Plans ^hereunto annexed, and made an Order for diverting the olJ

Highway; and being satisfied'that the new Highway therein described is properly made, and fit for ifthereare

for the Reception of Trtvellers, do hereby order the said old Highway, being of the Length of more Highway*

Yards, and of the Breadth of Feet, upon a Medium, as appears by the said Plan, to be d«n °d«to

flopped up, and the Land and Soil thereof, to be sold by the said Surveyor to whose Land «p» than-

adjoins thereto, if he shall be willing to purchase the fame, for the full Value thereof, if* not, to some MumMeHor

other Person or Persons, for the full value thereof: (Reserving nevertheless to a free each.

Passage for Persons. Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, through the Land and Soil of the said old High- This to be in-

way to and from the (Land) etc.) belonging to him,xalled according to his ancient ferted where

/ Circumstances of*

N®. XIX.

the Cafe may re*'

S*ire.

Certificate to be wrote under the Order above mentioned

WE, the above-named Justices, do certify. That the old Highway, herein-before mentioned and

described;- was sold by the said Surveyor to with our Approbation,

for the Sum of which Sum we do order the said to pay to

the said Surveyor, to be applied in purchafingthe Land, and making the said new Highway; and if

*ny Surplus remains, we do order that the fame Hull be applied for the Use of the Highways with!*-

the said ( Parish, itc») of

Receipt

y

