830 C. 65,-67. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

CAP. LXV.

An Act for explaining Two Acts, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George

the First, and the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, in relation to the

, Stamp-dudes upon Newspapers.

Preamble.

Act 11 Geo. I.

and Act 30

Geo. II. re-

cited.

Dvtiei of the

br*ore-rrcited

Acts continued

by this Act.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His Ma-

jetty King George the First, after reciting, amongst other Things, that the Authors or Print-

ers of federal Journals, Mercuries, and other Newspapers, did, with an Intent to defeat the Pay-

ments of the Duties therein mentioned, and in Defraud of the Crown, so contrive as to print their

said Journals and Newspapers on One Sheet and a Half Sheet of Paper each, and by that Means

they did neither pay the Duties of One Penny for each Sheet, nor a Halfpenny for the Half Sheet,

as by Law they ought to have done, but entered them as Pamphlets, and paid only Three Shillings

for each Impression thereof, whereby His Majesty had been much injured in his Revenue, and the

Printers of other Newspapers, who did regularly pay the said Duties, were great Sufferers; it was

enacted and declared. That such Journals, Mercuries, and Newspapers, so printed on One Sheet

and Half Sheet of Paper, should not, for the future, be deemed or taken as Pamphlets to be entered,

and to pay only Three Shillings for each Impression thereof: And it was also further enacted, That,

from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of Aprils One thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, the fol-

lowing Duties should be paid to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon every Journal, Mer-

cury, or other publick Newspapers, which should be printed and published in Great Britain; that

is to say. For every Sheet of Paper on which any Journal, Mercury, or other Newspapers what-

soever, should be printed, a Duty of One Penny Sterling! and for every Half Sheet thereof the

Sum of One Halfpenny Sterling; as by the said recited Act, relation being thereunto had, may more

fully and at large appear: And whereas by another Act of Parliament, made in the Thirtieth Year

of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, an additional Duty of One Halfpenny

was imposed upon every Newspaper, or Paper containing publick News, Intelligence, or Occur-

rences, printed in Great Britain, to be dispersed and made publick, whether the fame be contained

in Half a Sheet, or any less Piece of Paper, or in any Paper larger than Half a Sheet, and not ex-

ceeding One whole Sheet, over and above all other Rates and Duties: And whereas Doubts have

arisen whether Journals, Mercuries, Chronicles, or other Newspapers, printed on more than on One

Sheet and a Half of Paper, might not be entered as Pamphlets, and pay only Three Shillings for

each Impression thereof, instead of the Duty chargeable on every Sheet of each Copy thereof; and

certain Printers and Publishers of Journals, Mercuries, Chronicles, and other Newspapers, have

increased the Number of Sheets on which the fame have been printed, with an latent to evade the

Payment of the said Duties, and in fraud of His Majestir's Revenue:' For Remedy whereof, be it

nafted and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

he Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same, That the said herein-before recited Acts of Parliament, and the Duties thereby

granted on Journals, Mercuries, and other publick Newspapers, were meant and intended, and do

accordingly extend to, and charge with, the said Duties respectively, every Sheet, and every Half

Sheet of Paper, on which any Journal, Mercury, Chronicle, or other publick Newspaper, or Paper

containing publick News, Intelligence, or Occurrences, were or shall be printed, whether such Jour-

nals, Mercuries, Chronicles, or other publick Newspapers, or Papers containing publick News, In-

telligence, or Occurrences, were-or (nail be contained in a greater or less Number of Sheets or Half

Sheets of Paper; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or any other Act of Parliament, to the Contrary,

thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year

One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for laying an additional Duty on Paper printed, painted, or stained, in foreign

Parts, imported into this Kingdom.

Prcjir.i]?. € 'XT 7 H F. R E A S by an Act of Parliament, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King Edward

A# 3 EJw.IV. the Foutth, (intituled. Certain Alerchondf s not lawful to be brought rea Jy-wrought into this

4 Realm), amongst several other Articles therein mentioned, any painted Wares are prohibited to be

4 brought into t! is R'*alm, to be uttered and fold within the same; and by another Act made in the

Act 1 Ric, III. 4 First Year of the Reign of King Richard the Thi<d, (intituled. Certain Merchandises prohibited to be

4 bt ought ready 1Wrought into this Realm); it is, amongst other Things, ordained and provided, That no

4 Merchant Stranger shall bring into this Realm to be sold any Manner of painted Papers: And

4 whereas notwithstanding the said recited Acts, great Quantities of Paper painted in foreign Parts have

4 been

