A.D.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

C. 68. 577

J772'

the Rate is to be recovered, which Warrant such Magistrate is hereby required to back or countersign

without Fee or Reward), to collect and levy such Rates, and all Arrears due thereon, by Distress of

the Goods and Chattels of the Party so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, wheresoever the fame

shall or may be found; and if within Four Days next after such Diltrcfs shall be made, the said respec-

tive Rates, and all Arrears 4ue thereon, shall not be paid, together with the reasonable Charges of taking

and keeping the fame, the said Overseer or Overseers shall cause the Goods and Chattels to be sold, or

such Part tncieof, as shall be sufficient to pay the said Rates, together with all Arrears due thereon, and

the reasonable Charges of making such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus, and the GooJ* and

Chattels remaining (if any be) unto the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrain-

cd and fold. - . r

X. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no aft, Ord?r, or Deter- "

mination of the said Vestrymen, shall be valid, unlefsdone or made at a puhlii k Meeting to be held determined by i^Mcctin^

virtue of this Act, in the Workhouse, or some other Place within the said Part of (the fiid Parish, to to act.

be from Time to Time appointed by the said Vestrymen; at which Meetings, all the Powers and Au-

thorities by this Act veiled in such Vestrymen (hull and may, from Time to Tim?,’ be exercised by the

major Part of them who shall attend any fuel) Meeting, the Number of such Vestrymen present not be-

ing less than Five, (except where a greater Number is declared necessary by this Act); and all the Or-

ders and Proceedings of the major Part of such Vestrymen, present at such p iblick Meetings, dial 1 have

the fame Force and Effect as if done or made by all such Vestrymen for the Time being; and all Vestry-

men shall, at all their Meetings, defray their own Expences. , v-

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Vestrymen shall and may p^Viaws for

from Time to Time, make such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for the better Dispofuion of such Mr- Government of

nies as shall be raised and received for,the Relief c>f the Poor of that Part of the said Parish, and for the the Poor,

better maintaining, governing, employing, and regulating such Poor, as to them the said Vestrymen shall which are not to

appear necessary or expedient; but no such Rules, Ordeis, or Regulations, shall be in Force until con- 'Infirmed*

firmed by the said Vestrymen at a subsequent Meeting, or the major Part of them who shall so act'emble Nottobealtcr-

such major Part of them not being less than Seven, and if at Time any such Rules, Orders, anARegu- ed afterwards but

lations, when made *nd confirmed, shall be repealed or altered by the said Vestrymen, such Repeal or *n Vestry,

Alteration shall not be valid or take Place until approved and confirmed by the Majority of Vestrymen wh-ch shall be

at a subsequent Meeting to be held for that Purpose, such Majority not being less than Nine. provcTarVfub.

iequent Meeting.

XII. Provided always, That no such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, shall be repugnant to the No Rules to be

Laws of this Realm. repugnant to

Law.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Vestrymen shall, and are Vcfttym nmay

hereby impowered to keep, maintain, and employ, all such Poor of that Part of the said Parish in any employ the P«oq*

Woikhouse or Workhouses erected, or to be erected, in that Part of the said Parish; and to take the *nd a>'P1* th*

Benefit of the Work, Labour, and Service, of every such'Person or Persons who shall be kept and o^he Rates]

maintained in such House or Houses, to be applied towards the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor «nd contra^ for

of that Part of the said Parish; and the said Vestrymen, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby ProWiion?, &>c.

impowered to purchase, or contract and agree, from Time to Time, as they shall think fit, with any or for their Korp-

Person or Persons, for all Provisions, Necessaries, and Materials, of what Kind soever, which shall be ,n* *°d

used or brought into the said Workhouse, or for the lodging, keeping, maintaining, or employing all

or any such Poor.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Overseer or Overseers of the Overseers of»he

Poor for the Time being, of the said Part of the said Parish, island are hereby authorised and required, F?°r V1,y

from Time to Time, to disburse and pay, out of the Monies to be raised and collected by Authority of ^e^c on such

this Act, all such S«m and Sums of Money as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, or which coutrafts.

shall become due or payable upon such Contrafts or Agreements; which Sum or Sums, so paid, shall

be allowed him or them in his or their Accounts respectively.

4 XV. And whereas many Persons, maintained in publick Workhouses, refuse to work, or are Vestryrren t#

4 guilty of profane cursing and Swearing, Drunkenncfs, or^nher Misbehaviour, and by the Laws now the Foor

in being no Puniftimenc can be inflicted upon them without committing them to the House of Cor- ^mthcnw

4 rest ion or Common Gaol, which Commitments have not been found to answer the Purpose thereby fclvcg-

4 intended be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any poor Person, main-

tained in any Workhouse or Workhouses belonging to that Part of the said Parish, shall embezzle or

purloin any Part of the Apparel provided for the Poor, or of the Goods or Provisions provided for or

belonging to the said Workhouse or Workhouses, or any Materials for Work, or be guilty of profane

Cursing, Swearing, Drunkenncfs, or of any lewd, immoral, or indecent Behaviour, or refule or neglect

% to perform the Work or Service which he or she shall be required to do, or shall be remils therein, it

shall be lawful for the said Vestrymen toluufc such Person or Persons so offending to be punished in

such Workhouse, either by moderate Correction, Confinement, distinguished in Dress, or such other

Method as may best^tend to remedy such Offences for the future, without committing such Offenders

to the House of Correction or other Prifoji; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the Contrary notwith-

standing.

4 XVI. And whereas divers Children, deserted by their Parents, are frequently wandering and beg- Children

ng, and not able to give any Account of themselves, or the Place of their legal Settlement, which U

Children, jf properly employed and inured to a habit of Industry, might be furnished with Means

Vol. XI. 4 E ‘for

c.

