6-5° C. 73.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1772,

from being imprefTed or liable to be compelled to go to Sea, or serve as Marines or as Soldiers on Land,

their Names and Places of Abode being registered and entered with the Secretary or other Officer of

. the Admiralty Office.

n°?2ufe*Uburnt XXXIV* And in order to deter and hinder ill-minded Persons from wilfully setting their House or

down, how to be Houses or other Buildings on Fire, with a View of gaining t® themselves the insurnace-money, where-

pplkd. c by the Lives and Fortunes of many Families may be loft or endangered be it further enacted by the

Authority aforesaid, That it shall any may be lawful to and for the respective Governors or Directors

of the several Insurance Offices within the Limits aforesaid, foririTuring Houses or other Buildings against

Loss by Fire, and they arc hereby authorised and required, upon the Application and Request of any

Person or Persons interested in or intitled unto any House or Houses, or other Buildings within the Li-

mits by this Act prescribed, which hereafter shall or may be burnt down, demolished, or damaged by

Fire, or upon any Grounds of Suspicion that the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or other

Person or Persons, who shall have insured such House or Houses, or o;her Buildings, have been guilty

of Fraud, or of wilful setting their House or Houses or other Buildings on Fire, to cause the insurnace-

money to he laid out and expended, as far as the fame will go, towards rebuilding, reinstating, or re-

pairing such House or Houses or other Building's so burnt down, demoliftied, or damaged by Fire, un-

less the Parly or Parties claiming such Insurance-money shall, within Sixty Days next after his, her, or

their Claim shall be adjusted, give a sufficient Security to the Governors or Directors of the Insurance

Office wh~re such House or Houses, or other Buildings are insured, that the fame insurnace-money shall

be laid out and expended as aforesaid, or unless the said insurnace-money (hell be in that Time settled

and disposed of to and amongst all the contending Parties, to the Satisfaction and Approbation of such

Governors or Directors of such Insurance Office respe&ivdy.

Negligence in 4 XXX V. And whereas Fires often happen by the Negligence and Careleflhefs of Servants,* be it there-

*iTrVFirc* rCurulh- ^ore ena<^d by Authority aforesaid, That if any menial or other Servant or Servants, through Negli-

gible by* Fine* ~ £ence or Careleflhefs, shall fire, or cause to be fired, any D welling-ho*fe, or Out-house or Houses or

ot.iool. or lm- other Buildings, situate within the Limits aforesaid, such Servant or Servants, being thereof convi£l-

pitfbument. ed by the Oath of One or mote credible Witness, or Witnesses made before Two or more of His Ma-

jesty’s Justices of the Peace, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds unto the Church-

wardens or Overseers of such Parish where such Fire shall happen, to he distributed amongst the Suf-

f rers by such Fire in such Propoitions as to the faiJ Churchwardens shall seem just: And in calc of

Default or Refusal to pay the Lme immediately after such Conviction, the fame being lawfully demand-

ed by the said Churchwardens; that then, and in such Cafe, such Servant or Servants shall, by Warrant

under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, be committed to the

Common Gaol or Hnufe of Correction, as the said Justices shall think fit, for the Space of Eighteen

Months there to he kept to hard Labour.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the breaking out of any

Fire, within the Limits aforesaid, all Constables anJ i e.tdles, upon Notice thereof, shall immediat lv

repaid to the Place where the said Fire shall happen, with their Staves anJ other Badges of their Autho-

rity, and be aiding und assisting, as will in extinguishing the LiJ Fires, and causing People to work at

the Engines, as a’.so in preventing Goods being ftulcn, and shall Li zc and apprehend all ill-disposed

Persons that they shall find dealing or pilfering Iron the Inhabitants; as also that the fail Constables

and Beatles dial 1 give their utmost Assistance to help the Inhabitants to remove their said Goods.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action, Suit, or Process

the whatever, shall be had, maintained, or prosecuted agfinft any Person in whose House or Chamber any

Q.ally yjre shall, from and after the said Twe.ty-fourth Day of One thoufanl seven hundred and

seventy-two, accidentally begin, nor shall any Recompence be made by such Pe son for any Damage

faltered or occasioned thereby; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the Contrary notwithstanding: And in

such Gale, if any Action dull he brought, the Defendant may plead the General Ifl'u ', and give this

A5t, and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial thereof to be had; and in case the Plaintiff shall

become nonsuited, or dil’cominue his Action or Suit, or if a Verdict shall pals against him, the Defen-

dant shall recover Treble Costs: Provided that nothin*; in this Act contained shall extend to defeat or

make void any Contract or Agreement made between Landlord a d Tenant.

XXXVII!. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where arrv Distress shall be

made for any Sum or Sums of Mon y to be recovered by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not

be deemed unlawful, nor the P irty or Parties making the fa ne he deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers,

on account of any Defect or V/ant of Form in any Proce.dings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or

Panics be deemed a Trtfp.tfler or Tiefpafcrj> ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be af-

t.; wards done by the Party or Parties nuking such Distress; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by

such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction lor the foecial Damage by Act ion on the Cafe.

XXXIX. Provided always', and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thrt no Plaintiff

I-cover if Terser or Piaintitu shall n cover in any Afiiori, or for any such Irregularity, Trespass, or other Pioceedings,

o in-ti.-ient A- if Tender of sufficient AmenJs fluli be made by or on t ie Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have

®nends be made, committed, or caused to be* committed, every or any f jeh Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceeding

~ before such Action breught; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be

lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action

shall depend, ar any lime before Iifae joined, to p iy into the Court such Sum of Money as he or they

shall lee fit; whereupon such Proceedings or Order and judgment shall be had, made, or given, in

*iui by fu:h Court, as in other. Act Las when the Defendant is allowed to pay Money imo Court.

4 XU And

Constables and

Bt idles, on No-

tice, to repair to

Places on Fire,

?nd what they

acto do.

No A<ftion to

Jay aga nft a Per-

son where the

Fire acciden.i

tc*ins.

P'.ffrfA not- un-

lawful for want

o. £011*1, dec*

Plaintiff" pot tr»

