572 G. 67.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1772

A general Court

to be held

quarterly.

BuGnefs of the

annual general

Court*.

The firftGene- a General Court: And the first General Court shall be held on the Twenty-fifth Day of Juney One

ral Court. thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, at their Office over the Royal Exchange; and shall then, and;

from Time to Time, be adjourned to such Times and Places as the Court shall think necessary for the

due Execution of this A&: And a General Court of the Members of the said Corporation shall b«

held Four Times, at the feast. in every Year; (that is to say) On the Twenty-first Day of January*

on the Twerrty-first Day of April, on the Twenty-first Day of Ju!y, and on the Twenty-firit Day of

October, tinlefs such respective Days shall happen to fall on a Sunday, and in that Cafe on the Day

following, or oftener, if Occasion shall require; upon Notice thereof given, by the Order of any Five

or more of the Members of the said Corporation, assembled at some Weekly Meeting, by publishing the

fame in the Lqndan Gazette Five Days at lead before the holding every such Court: And a General

Court shall be held in the Month of February in every Year, a like Notice whereof shall be given; at

which Court Six Vice Presidcnts, a Treasurer, and a Committee, f such Committee to consist of such

Number of the Governors of the said Corporation as such General Court shall think necessary), and

the Officers and Servants of the said Corporation shall be elected for the ensuing Year; and the Go*

vernors of the said Corporation, assembled at any such General Court as aforesaid, or the major Part

of them so assembled, but not less than Seven such Governors, shall have full Power and Authority,

in the Name of the said Corporation, and on their Account, to apply and dispose of the Monies al«

FWr to apply rcacjy given, and which shall from Time to Time be contributed and given by any Persons or Person

C anty oney, Qn Account Qf any such Charity, and all other Monies belonging or to belong to the said hereby-

ereefted Corporation, to and for the Purposes aforesaid, and to, for, or in any other Purpose, Way,

Matter, or Thing, relating to the said Charity, and for the Benefit thereof, at their Discretion; and

with an I under their Common Seal, to enter into any Covenants and Contracts for the Purposes afore-

said, or for any other Purpose or Purposes for the better effecting and carrying on the Charitable Uics

id to do all the and Designs aforesaid; and to do, manage, and transact, and determine all such other Matters and

M.itters nrc«f« Things, as shall to them appear necessary and convenient for the effecting or carrying on the Purposes

fary, and dele- aforesaid; and shall and may delegate such Powers and Authorities to the said Committee as they shall

PowCTs^Cotn- ^ink necessary, for the more easy, fpueedy, and^effectual Execution of this Act: And it shall and may

jjvtcT: And to*" be lawful to and for the Governors of the said Corporation, in a General Court assembled only, or the

ord«r and dispose major Part of them so assembled, but not less than Seven such Governors, to order and dispose of

oftheUfcof the Custody of the said Common Seal, and the Use and Application thereof; and to make, ordain,

the common and constitute such and so many Bye-laws, Constitutions, and Ordinances, as to them, or the greated:

m?ke^Byelaws. ^art t^ern t^ien anc* ^ere present, but not less than Seven such Governors, shall seem necessary and

aye aws. convcnjentj touching, or in anywise concerning the Affairs and Business of the said hereby-ereSed

Corporation and the fame Bye-laws, Constitutions, and Ordinances so made, to put in Use and en-

force accordingly, and at their Will and Pleasure to revoke, change, an 1 alter the fame, or any of

them; which said Bye-laws, Constitutions, and Ordinances so as aforesaid made, shall he duly kept

and observed, provided the fame be reasonable, and not contrary or repugnant to the Statutes Customs,

Me Bye-laws to or Laws, of this Kingdom, or any of the express Regulations of this Act.

b" fanning, un- IV. Provided nevertheless, That no such Bye-law, Rule, Order, or Ordinance, shall be binding, or

less confirmed by have any Force or Effect, until the fame shall have been agreed to, and confirmed by, the next fuc-

a succeejing ceec}ing General Court, whether annual, quarterly, or extraordinary; and that the fame Method shall

be observed in altering or repealing any such Rye-laws Rules, Orders, or Ordinances.

V. And b; it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

the Treasurer for the Time being of the said hereby-erected Corporation, and he is hereby aufho-

rifed and require I, from Time to Time, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Committee

hereof for the Time being, or the major rart of such Committee, to be testified in Writing under

Money to be their Hands, to lay out and invert: all or any such Sum or Sums of Money, as hath or have been given,

given for the devised, or bequeathed, or shall, at any Time or Times hereafter* be paid, given, devised, or be-

Purpnfcs in this queathed by any charitable or well-disposed Person or Persons, to and for the charitable Ends, Intents,

Aa mentioned, anj Purposes in this Add mentioned, or any Part thereof, other than and except such and so much

»* thtExi^orles ^ereof the Exigencies of the said. Corporation shall call for the immediate Application or Expen-

of the CorV*»- diture of, in any of the Publick Funds, in his own Name, and, from Time to Time, with such Con-

tion (hill require sent and Approbation as aforesaid, to alter and transfer such Funds, and make Sale thereof.

Ill any of the

VI. And it is hereby ennded and declared, That the Monies arising from or by such Sale or Sales,

or so much thereof as shall not be again laid out and inverted with such Consent and Approbation as

aforesaid, in some other of the P-ihiick Funds, and also all the Dividends, Interest, and annual Pro-

ceed, which {hall, from Time to Time, arise from such Funds, shall from Time to Time, be applied

to and for the Uses, Ends, Intents, and Purposes, in this Afl mentioned.

Vil. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of the

filled upat a uc- Death or Rtfignation of the President, 01 of a Vice Piefident, or 'Treasurer, of the said Corporation,

ncnl Court. it. shall and may be lawful to and for the Governors of the said Corporation, at any General Court, or

the major Part of them then there present, but not less than Seven such Governors, to nominate ami

appoint a President, Vice President or Vice Prertdents, or Treasurer, in the Room of the President,

Vice President or Vice Prendents, or Treasurer, so depart d, »r having resigntd.

VIL. And, to the Intent that there never m.ry b w.irtteg a competent Number of Governors of

the said hereby-erected Corporation, and for perpei nni - u Sue*' So.* thereof, be it further enacted

general Court,

Power for the

Treasurer, with

Gonfent of the

Committee, to

publick FunaJ,

Mon.es a. i(ir.g

by such Sa\<5,

Pividcn is, &c.

to be applied for

th“ Purposes of

this Mi.

Vacancy to be

Pire&ion touch-

ing »h;* Elation

Ol Miviwtt; j.

by tue Authority afortlaid, That it shall and

dil

Governors of the laiJ Cor-

poration,

