Anno undecimo Georgii III.

163 C. 29*

A.D. i77r.

Private Drains

to be made.

and cleansed.

of such Damage or Spoil as the said Commissioners {hall be put unto; such Costs, Charges, and Expences,

to be recovered in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster^ by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint,

or Information, in the Name of the principal Clerk to the said Commissioners for the time being, in

which Action or Suit no Protection, Essoin, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, {hall be

allowed.

XXXIX. Atid be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons {hall, without the Leave or Licence of

the said Commissioners, make or branch any Drain or Drains into any of the said public Sewers, Drains,

or Vaults, made, or to be made, by virtue of this Act, upon Pain that every Person so offending {hall,

for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds; to be recovered by Action of Debt,

Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Name of the

principal Clerk to the said Commissioners for the time being, in which Action or Suit no Protection, Ef-

foin, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, {hall be allowed.

XL. And be it further enacted. That all private Drains which now are, or by Permission of the said

Commissioners {hall hereafter be made, within any of the public Streets or Passages within the said City or

Liberties, and which do or shall issue into any of the public Sewers, Drains, or Vaults, {hall be repaired

and cleansed under the Inspection and Direction of the Surveyor, or other proper Officer of the said Com-

missioners, at the Costs and Charges of the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of the Lands or

Tenements to which the said private Drains do or {hall respectively belong.

Rate* for Sewer* XLI. And be it further enacted, That for defraying the Expence of paving, cleansing, and lighting the

and Parcment. said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, and preventing Annoyances

therein, and of making, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering and removing, all or any the Common

Sewers, public Drains, and Vaults, within the said City and Liberties, one or more Rate or Rates,

Assessment or Assessments, {hall, at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners {hall think fit to order

and direct, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, or the Hands and Seals of any seven or more of

them, be made, laid, and assessed in the several Wards of the said City, by the Aldermen or their Depu-

ties respectively, and the major Part of the Common Councilmen of each Ward, upon all and every Per-

son and Persons, who do or {hall inhabit, hold, occupy, possess, or enjoy, any Land, House, Shop,

Warehouse, Cellar, Vault, or other Tenement or Hereditament within the said several Wards, and who,

by the Laws now in being, are, or {hall be liable to be rated towards the Relief of the Poor, in the respec-

tive Parishes where he, Ihe, or they {hall respectively live or reside, for raising such competent Sum and

Sums of Money, as the said Commissioners {hall, from time to time, judge needful and direct, so as such

Rates or Assessments do not in any one Year exceed, in the Whole, the Sum of one Shilling and Sixpence

in the Pound, of the yearly Rents of such of the said Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults,

or other Tenements or Hereditaments lespectively, as {hall be situate in any Street, Lane, Square, Yard,

Court, Alley, Passage, or Place, actually begun to be new-paved by virtue and in pursuance of this A ft,

or of any former Act of Parliament, and one Shilling in the Pound of the yearly Rents of such of the

Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, Tenements, or Hereditaments respectively, as {hall

not be so situate; such Rates respectively to be from time to time ascertained by the Rates at which such

respective Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements or Hereditaments

{hall be, from time to time, assessed towards the Land Tax.

M^jor Part of XLI1. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the major

cuToTo^ound ^art Common Council of each respective Ward, from time to time, to compound with the Owner

forRateToa00 or Owners, Landlord or Landlords, of any House or Houses within the said Streets and Places to be rated

Houses, &c. as aforesaid, the annual Rent or Value whereof {hall be under ten Pounds, for the Rate or Assessment by

this Act authorised to be laid upon such House or Houses, so as in such Composition there be not remitted to

any such Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners respectively, more than one half of the Rate to be laid

upon such House or Houses respectively.

4 XLIII. Provided also, and whereas the Farmers or Lessees of the public Markets, within the said City

4 and Liberties, were, by their Leases thereof, or otherwise, bound and liable to pave, cleanse, and light

4 the said Markets; and whereas the Expence of paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Markets, greatly

4 exceeds the Rate of one Shilling and Sixpence in the Pound of the respective Rents at which the said

4 Markets Hand rated towards the Land Tax ;' Be it further enacted. That the said Farmers or Lessees,

their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, {hall from time to time, upon Demand of the said Commis-

sioners, or their principal Clerk for the time being, pay into the Chamber of London all such Sum or Sums

of Moneyas the said Commissioners {hall actually expend in or about the paving, cleansing, and lighting,

the said Markets respectively; which said Sum or Sums of Money {hall or may from time to time, in case

of Refusal or Neglect to pay the fame, be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in

any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or within the said City, in the Name of the said

principal Clerk for the time being; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise

notwithstanding.

XLI V. Provided nevertheless, That it {hall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, from time

to time, to compound and agree with the Farmers or Lessees of the said Markets for a certain Sum of Mo-

ney, in lieu and stead of the Sums to be rated and assessed by virtue of this Act, the Account of which Com-

position shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose.

XLV. And it ishercbv further enacted. That if it {hall happen that any of the Lands, Houses, Shops,

Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements within the said City and Liberties, {hall, at the Time

of making any of the said Rates or Assessments, be empty, untenanted, or unoccupied, then, and in every such

Cafe, it {hall and may be lawful to and for the Aldermen of the Ward where such Premises {ball lie, or his

2 Deputy,

Lessee* of Mailo

«ts to pay the

Rates,

The Farmers

and Lessees of

Markets, to be

compounded

with.

How empty

Houses shall be

atfclled.

