tfenafty on* de-

stroying-the

Work!.

C. 45. Armo dettmo tertio Georgir IIF; A. L*. 177S'-

LXXI. And Be it further enacted. That if any- Pfcrfbn or Pferfons shall wilfulfy or maliciouffy flop*

dam, or break down, dcmolish, damage, or destroy, or cauft, procure, or hire, any Person to dam

up, break down, demolish, damage, or destroy any River, Drain' or Watercourle, Door, Dam,

Bridge, Heading, or other Work or Works already made, cut, orerected, or which shall at any Time

or Times hereafter be making, cutting, or erecting, or made, cut, erected, supported, maintained, or

used, so* answering the Purpose of draining and preserving the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within

the Limits aforesaid; every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted on the Oath of One or

more credible Witness or Witnesses before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County

er Place where such Offence {hall be committed', not' interested therein, every such Person or Persons

so convicted as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty

Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the-Goods and Chattels of

every such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of fuclv

Justice or Justices, and* to be applied and disposed of ill the Improvement of the Works of the District'

where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, and not elsewhere; and for want of sufficient

Distress., such Offender or Offenders shall be committed by such Justice or Justices to the House of

Correction of the County or Place where such Offence {hall be committed, there to be kept to hard

Labour for the Space of One Calendar Month without Bail or Mainprize, or until such Penalty shall

be paid.

LXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Com mi Clone rs, or

any Five or more of them, may, and they are hereby impowered, out of the Monies arising in each re-

spective District under this Act, to make such Allowances for the catching or destroying Moles or

other Vermin within the Two Districts respectively as they the said Commissioners, or any Five or

More of them, shall think proper.

LXXIII. And whereas it frequently happens, by the Negligence or Carelessness of Servants, or other

Persons, employed in burning Fen Lands, in order to their being converted into Tillage, that the

Banks lying contiguous to such Lands are burnt and damaged by the Fire being suffered to remain too

long on such Lands, and thereby extending to such Banks ; be it therefore enacted by the Authority

aforesaid. That if any Person or Persons who {hall be employed in burning any of the Lands and

Grounds lying within the Limits aforesaid {hall, by Carelessness or Negligence, set Fire to or burn,

or caule to be fired or burned, any of the Banks lying near or adjoining to any of the said Fen Lands

or Low Grounds, so as such Banks be by Means of such Fire destroyed or damaged, such Person or

Persons, heing thereof convicted by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by

Confeffiort, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Liberty where

such Offence {hall be committed, not interested in the Premises, (which Oath such Justice or Justices

is and are hereby impowered and required to administer, and also to hear and determine the said Of-

fence), shall give such Recompence or Satisfaction to the said Commissioners for the Damage done Ux

the said Banks, as such Justice or Justices {hall think reasonable ; such Damage and Recompence to

, be paid by such Offender or Offenders, within such Time as by such Tuftice or Justices {hall be

thought reasonable, into the Hands of the Receiver or Receivers for the Time being appointed by this

Act r.>r that District where such Offence shall be committed, to be applied by him for and towards the

repairingand amending such Banks in the District where the fame {hall happen ; and in case of Non-

fuayment thereof, the fame {hall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chanels,

by Warrant unJer the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of the said Justice or Justices before whom

such Conviction shall be made; and for want of sufficient Distress, such Offender or Offenders shall,.

hvJuch Justice or Justices, be committed to the common Gaol for the County or Liberty where such

Offence thall be committed, for any Time such Justice or Justices shall appoint, not exceeding Three

Calendar Months, or until such Damage or Recompence {hall be paid.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted. That if any Person {hall drive any Waggon, Cart, or other

Carriage, upon any of the Banks already made, or hereafter to be made, within the Boundaries of this

1 *g Carrufccioa Act, unless such Bank be made upon a common Road-way, and sufficient for Passage of such Wag-

tue Banks. gon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall not be left along the Side of such Bank, every such Person shall

forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings ; to be recovered, levied, and applied, as the Penalty against

the digging of Turf is by this Act directed to be recovered, levied, and applied.

Penalty of to I. LXjcV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall

on Personsdif-* C.IC&, set itufe, or work any Horse Mill, Gig, Engine, or other Device whatsoever, for draining

or discharging the Water from any Lands in the said Two Distri<fts through or upon the Lands of any

other Person or Persons, or in any other Manner than directly from the Lands of the respective Owner

of such MiH, Gig, Engine, or other Device, other than into the said Rivers of Brandon and Stoke

aforesaid, every rerfon so discharging the said Water, (other than as aforesaid), shall, for every such

Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds ; One Moiety thereof to be paid to the Person suing

for the fame, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Receiver or Collc£lor for the Time being withiik

the District where such Mill, Gig, Engine, or other Device, shall be erected, and to be applied for

the Purpose of draining, imbanking, and improving the Laid Fen Lands and Low Ground's in the faid"

District: And the Owner of such Mill, Gig, Engine, or other Device, shall also make such Com-

pensation and Satisfaction to all And every Rerfon or Persons as shall be Injured thereby, for the Da-

mages such Persons shall thereby sustain ; and such Penalty, Compensation, and Satisfaction, shall be

recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any

of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at 14 eftmiyiJUr^ in which no Essoin* Protection* Privilege, Wager

of Law, ox more than One Imparlance, {hall be allowed;

IXXVI-

A* tX

Mole-ciuhiflg*

finally on

Person 1 burn-

ing Banks.

ic> s. Per.iS’y

c-n PerUxH drir-

c^arging the

Water up«»n

cthrr Per foot

Lauds.

