259

A.D. 1771. Anno undeoimo Georgii III. C. 44.

ever, be left in any of the aforesaid Streets or public Passages during the Night Time, under the Penalty of

twenty Shillings for every such Offence ; to be paid by the Owner and Owners thereof, or Person so leav-

ing the fame, anJ recovered, levied, and applied as aforesaid.

1,1. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising by the Rates and Assessments by this A ft directedfTow the Mo.

to be made and levied, and all pecuniary Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered or levied by virtue of this"'*1 raised arc

Act, and not hereby otherwise particularly disposed of, shall be paid to the said Commissioners, or any fivet0 ^»PPlled*

or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; to be applied to and for the Purposes

of this Act, and to and for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

Lll. Provided always, and be*it enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Contract, Bond, In- Writing* to be

formation. Warrant, Order, Judgement, Conviction, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand andwltiwuc Sump?.

Seal or Hands and Seals of any of the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or of any Justice

or Justices of the Peace, or only ligned by them, or any of them, or exhibited before them, or any of them

rftpcdtivtly, touching, concerning, or in the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities by this Act

vetted in such Commissioners or Justices of the Peace, or any of them, shall be charged or chargeable with

any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

LIU. And be it further enacted. That in all Cafes where pecuniary Penalties are directed to be levied by To commit Of-

this Act, in case no sufficient Distress of the Goods or Chattels of any Offender shall be found at the iluing £nj?er* when “•

of any such Warrantor Warrants of Distress; then, and in such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and^‘n”‘s caaoc

for the Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted as afore-

said, to commit him, her. or them, to the House of Correction for the aforesaid Weft Riding, to be kept

to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding six Months, or until such Penalties or Forfeitures shall be

pa d.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Often- Distress «* t«

der or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted bedetmci.. -

in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for Want of Form, or be removed,4wful *or W4nt

by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record atofForm*

Ji'ertmin/ler^ any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall he commenced against any Person or Per-

fons for any Thingdone in pursuance of this Act, until ten Days Notice shall be thereof given in Writing A<iion*

to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Commissioners, or after twelve Months next after the Fast committed,

for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and every such Action shall be

brought, laid, and tried in the County of Yori9 and notelfcwhere; and that the Defendant or Defendants,

in such Actions and Suits, and'every of them, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the General Iflu*

Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon ; and that the Matter

or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought, was done in pursuance and

by the Authority of this Act : And if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to be fodone, or if it shall ap-

pear that such Action or Suit was brought before ten Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that fuf-

ficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced

within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County than as aforesaid,

then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and if a Verdict or Verdicts

shall be found for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in such Action or Actions,

Suitor Suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action or Actions, or if upon any

Demurrer or Demurrers, in such Action or Actions, Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defen-

dants therein ; then, and in either of the Cafes afore said, such Defendant or Defendants shall have TrebleTrtbk Cot*.

Colls, and have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his>

her, or their Costs, in any other Cafes by Law.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That nothing herein contained shall extend or be Saving the

construed to extend, to prejudice, lessen, or defeat the Rights or Interests of the most noble Thomas Duke Right* of the

of Leeds, his Heirs or Assigns, or any of them, to or in the Manor of IVahefield aforesaid, but the said DukeofUcd*

Duke, his Heirs, and Assigns, shall enjoy all such Rights and Interests, in as full and ample Manner, to all

Intents and Purposes, as he held and enjoyed the fame before the passing of this Act, or could or might

have held and enjoyed the fame in case this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the

contrary notwithstanding.

4 LVII. And whereas the aforesaid Township of IVahfield confids of three several Divisions or Didrifts ;Dmfion* or

4 that is to (ay, the Division or Didrift of IVeJlgate^ Northgate, and Kithfate, through each of which said Distr»a*p»*.

4 Divisions or Didrifts lead one or more Turnpike Road or Roads;9 Therefore be it further enacted,fcnrc4*

That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be condrued to extend, to subject or make liable, or com-

pel or oblige all or any of the Inhabitants within the aforesaid Divisions or Districts, or any of them respec-

tively, to do or perform their respective Statute-work in and towards the repairing and keeping in Repair

all or any of the Turnpike Road or Ronds leading through the fame respectively, or to pay any Sum or

Sums of Money as and for the Composition in lica of such Statute-work, in any other Manner or Form

than they respectively now door perform and pay, or by Authority of Parliament now are subject or liable

to do or perform and pay ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expenresof obtaining and passing this Act, Expense* of

fcall be paid out of the first Monies to be raised by the Rates or Assessments to be collected by virtue of this P1,iin*thu AQ

bow to be paid.

LI 2

LIX. And

L

