A. I>. 1771* Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 83. 891

General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to behad there- Gcncnllffae.

upon, and that the Tame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act ; and if afterwards a

Yeruict iball pals for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's* shall become non-

suited, or dTontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgement shall b6 given against

him, her, or them, upon Demurrer, or otherwise ; then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble CofU.

Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiff's.

XV ill. Provided always, That no such Action or Suit shall be brought by virtue and in pursuance Actions, when to

of this Act, unless the fame be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Offencebecommented,

committed.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a Publick Act; and as such P»Mi«k Act#*

taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same*

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for building a Bridge across the River of Thames, from Richmond^ in the County-

of Surrey, to the oppoute Shore, in the County of MidcUefex9 and to enable His

Majesty to grant the inheritance of the Ferry at Richmond to certain Persons therein -

mentioned*

* \\7 HERE AS great Advantages would aiifc to the Inhabitants of the Counties of Middlesex and P«ca»ble»

* VY Surrey 9 and 10 the Publick. in general, from having a Bridge across the River Thames between

4* kichmondy in the County of Surrey and ihe opposite Shore, in the said County of fifiddlejex :* May

it thueiore pleale Your Iviajeliy that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in mis picient Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the Right Honourable CoomiUfionat

Sir Fletcher Norton Knight, Speaker of the Honourable the House of Commons, the Members jn Wsmtt*

Parliament lor me Counties ot Middlejex and Surrey for the Time being. Sir Anthony Abdy% Sir Charles

Afgilly Baronets, Saint Ailum, William Alder.y George Arbuthnoty Elijlrn Bifcoey "John Boddingtony "James

Brookesy LuunccUt Brown, Robert Brown el I y John Baker, Solomon Browny Henry Belly Thomas ButUr9

the Right Hoi.ourable Frederick Cavendijhy commonly called Lord Frederick Cavendijhy the Right

Honourable George Cavendijhy commonly called Lord George Cavendijhy the Right Honour-

able John Cavendijhy commonly called Lord John Cavendijhy the Honourable Charles Sloane Cadogan,

Edward CollinSy Richard Gwen Cambridgey Sir James Ccckburn Baronet, George Colmany Grey Cooper,

James Cronutty Richard Croftes9 Richard Crop, Alexander Craufurdy Peregrine Cujiy William Cranky John

Chajey Robert Darrll, William tower, Welbore Ellisy the Right Honourable Lord Viscount Fitzwiiliam9

in toe Kingdom of Irelandy the Honourable Fhomas Fitzmaurice9 the Honourable John Fitzwilliam9.

William Gar diner y Da Ad Garricky Daniel Grcfey William Gumlrelly Daniel GilcSy John Haverfield9

Frederick Anthony Hind ley, the Honourable Henry Hobart, Henry Hollandy Philip Laggatt, James Lovt9

Henry JLaJcelteSy Daniel Lejeur, Henry LecveSy John Mackay, Philip AIedowsy William Mills9 the Lord

of tnc Manor ot Pttctjham for the Time being, the Right Honourable Hugh Percy, commonly called

Earl Percy, Samuel Puuell, -----Periny Thomas Pownally John Powell; William Pricey George Patterfon9

the Lord of the Manor ol Richmond for the Time being, James ReeSy Crofton Rofiy George Rqfsy JcJhua

Rcwity, Jonathan Rcwbotham% Thomas Robertsy William RoLinfony the Lord of the Manor of Sion for the

Time being, the Rigjit Honourable Rail S^ton of the Kingdom of Irelandy James Sayer9 William ScL

ivyn, Sir Charles Shejfield Baronet, Richard Shtppard, William Stallardy Philip StephenSy Lewis Shepheard9

William 'lurner, 7 bmia> junftally the Reverend -----TilJ'ony Gerard Vannecky the Reverend ——

Wakcjieldy Albany Wailisy At ark Waylandy James Ik dikes, Daniel Wray, William Watermany Samuel

Wardy George Waltery Gregory Way, the Honomable Horatio WalpoLy and their Successors, to be

elected in Manner ncicin-atte. mentioned, inail be, and they ate hejeby constituted Commissioners for

building a Bridge acroL the River Thamesy between Richmond aforesaid and the opposite Shore, and for

repainng and supporting the fame, and for executing the other Powers of this Act, according to the

Directions herein-after mentioned* ,

II. And be it further enacted. That no Person shall be qualified to act as a Commissioner,mniefs he, Qwlifietti®o rf

in the Right of him Rif or his Wife, shall be seised at Law, or in Equity, of an Estate of inheritance,

or fur 1 c.m of Life, or shall have an Estate lor a Term of Years determinable on One or more Life or

Dives, or a certain Term originally created for Twenty-one Years, or more, in Lands or Tenements

lituaie in the said Counties ot Surrey and Middlesex, or One of them, of the clear yearly Value of One

Hundred Pounds, or lor a Term or Years in Lands or Tenements in the said Counties* or One of

them, or the dear yearly Value of One hundred and Fifty Pounds, above all Rents or Charges payable

out of or affecting the fame ; or unltfs ne shall he Heir-apparent to a Person seised at Law, or in :

Eq uicy, of an Estate of Inheritance in Lands or Tenements within the said Counties, or One of them,

of the clear yearly V alue ot Five hundred Pounds above all such Rents and Charges; or shall be

ppiiciled of a pe; tonal Estate of the Value of Two thousand Pounds; and no Person shall be capable of

acting as a Commissioner in any Cafe in which he mall be interested, or in any ManneT whilst he shall*

hold any Oukc, or in his private Capacity be concerned m any Contract or Agreement relative to1

the Execution of this Afte And it any Person fh ill act as a Commissioner, not having the requiftte Pearttyeoact-

Qualification of Estate, or being otherwise hereby disqualified from aftipg, he shall, lor every Offence, j11 M

{ forfeit

c.

