3*

C. 12.

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1771.

David Sannula,

Scott, Tbc?nas Slacks John Sf iekcr, Abjohn Taylor, John Towrjend, Samuel Id aoel,

John H illcs, Stephen fVear, Robert JTiiJon, James /Taller, and Peter /Talker, and their Successors, b*. in^

Inhabitants of some or one of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and ot.ii

and they

‘her public

Paffiigcs, to be elected in Manner herein after-mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Com-

In case of Doth, missioners for putting this Act in Execution : And in case any of the said Commissioners shall happen to

Rcfufii, or Re- die, or (lull neglect or refuse to act for the Space of one Year, or (lull remove out of tire laid Streets,

moval.

other Corrmif-

fi'»nt*rs to be

chosen.

Qm’ification of

Trufffies.

Person acting

Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public PalLges, it shall be lawful for the surviving or

remaining Commissioners, or any ten or more of them, from time to time, by Writing under their Hands

and Seals, to elect one other Person or Persons, to be a Commissioner or Commissioners, in the Room and

Stead of the Commissioner or Commissioners so dying or refusing to act, or removing, ten Duvs Notice of

the I imeand Place of Meeting for every such Election being ^iven, by affixing the lame in Writing upon

the principal Door of the Pari 111 Church of Saint Alary IThiteeoaptt, and also by Advertisement in some or

one of the public News Papers; and every Person or Persons so elected shall be, and is and are hereby

vetted with the fame Powers for putting this Act in Execution, as the Person or Persons in whole Place he

or they shall he cleded, was or were vetted with.

II. And be it further enacted, T hat no Person {hall be capable of acting ns a Commissioner in the Ex-

ecution of this Act, unless he shall be an Inhabitant of some or one of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes,

Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public Passages, and unless he shall, in his own Right, or in the Right of

his Wife, be in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements or Here Ji-

taments of the clear yearly Value of forty Pounds, or pofldled of or inti Ted to a pjilbnnl Litate of the Va-

lue of one thousand Pounds; and if any Person not being so qualified shall prclume to act as a Comm if-

for^oT * l° ^l0ner *n the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such One nee, forfeit end pay the

or.ci 50 . Sum of fifty Pounds, together with Costs of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to

be recovered in any of his M.ijesty’s Courts of Record, by Ad ion of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill,

Suit, c>r Information, wherein no EfToin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than cnc Imparlance

shall be allowed, and wherein the Proof of Qualification shall lie on the Person prosecuted ; and it shall be

sufficient for the Prosecutor to prove that the Person so prosecuted had acted as a Commissioner in the Ex-

ecution of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall fell Ale, Wine, or any Spirituous or Fer-

mented Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner under this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, {hall meet

together at the Vestry Room of the said Parish at ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, on the third Thurjaay

next after the passing of this Act, and shall then and there proceed to the Execution of this Act; and they

aie hereby impowered to adjourn themselves, from time to time, to meet at the same Place, or at such other

Place in the said Parish of Saint Alary IThitcchape/, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them,

shall, from time to time, think fit; and if at any Meeting so appointed there shall not appear a sufficient

Number of Commissioners to ad or adjourn to another Day, or in case the said Commissioners so aflem-

bled shall omit, neglect, or refuse to adjourn themselves, then, and in every such Cafe, any two of the said

Commissioners, or the Clerk to the said Commissioners, shall appoint a Meeting of the said Commissioners

to be held, within seven Days after, at the same Place; public Notice whereof shall be given by affixing

the fame in Writing on the principal Door of the Parish Church aforesaid, at least four Days before such

Meeting.

V. Provided always. That no Order or Determination of the said Commissioners, or any of them, shall

be valid unless the fame shall be made at a Meeting held in pursuance of this Act; nor shall any Comtnif-

as aforesaid, be capable of acting as such during the

of the Powers given by this Act, or have any Share or

Interest in any Contract relating to the Execution thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, T hat the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall and

may, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, appoint one or more Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or

Surveyors, or Inspector, and such other Officers for the Execution of this Act as they shall think proper,

anti from time to time remove him or them, and appoint others as they shall find neccffiiry or convenient ;

and by and out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act, pay such Salaries an i Allowances to such

Officers, and to all other Persons by them the said Commissioners employed in the Execution of th:s Act,

as they shall think reasonable; and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall take such

Security for the Execution of the respective Offices, by such Person and Persons as aforesaid, as the said

Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper; and all and every such Person and Per-

fons as is or are hereby made liable to pay the fiveral Rates or Sums of Money hereby granted, shall pay

the fame, to such Person or Persons as {hall from time to time he appointed to collect or receive the same,

•as herein after mentioned ; and all such Officers and Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, unJer

their Hands, at such Times and in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them,

who are to ac- fhdl direct, deliver to such Commissioners true and perfect Accounts in Writing, of all Matters and

count upm Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all Monies which shall have been

Cam it ucjuii-cd. them respectively received by virtue and for the Purpoics of this Act, and how much thereof has been paid

and

No Victualler

t<> aft as a

Commissioner,

First Meeting.

Corrmissioners

hcn\ to aejourn

Manner of

adjourning.

No Orf.cr volid

■ Ms at a pub-

M Met on?, nor floner hereby appointed, or hereafter to be appointed,

JlJtill 2 fl J v Ofll» rp • * /“X ti • / ■> -r* i* 1\ r* • /

m uioner enjoy 1 ,me e lhdi enjoy any Office of Profit by virtue of

enjoy

Offices.

Commissioners

m?Y appoint

Officers :

who shall give

Security.

Prr <>ns f"tj ’ft

to t'f r ited to

pay th" firue to

lufti Officers.

Cioooole

