A.D. 1772.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

C. 26. 405

Agents or Persons as are or shall be residing in East India \ shall, on or before the Thirty-first Day

of December, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, account for and pay to the Treasurer of

the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent y or to his sufficient Deputy, At-

torney, or Ag-Jiit, for the Use of the said Hospital, ail and every Sum and Sums of Money as shall be

then remaining in their H inds, on account of such Shares of the Money arising as aforesaid, as would

have belonged to such Oncers and Men of His Majesty’s Navy and Marines, who had forfeited the

fame by deferring from His Majesty’s Service, in case they had not so deserted, and also such Shares

thereof as were forfeited by the several Naval Officers, Seamen, and Miriners, intitled thereto, on

Orcasion of their not claiming the fame within Three Years from the respective Times appointed foe

the Payment of the said Shares, by the publick Notifications given of such Payment, pursuant to the

said AiSts; and that such Agents or Persons as are or shall be residing in East India shall account for,

and pay to the T reafurer of the said Hospital, or to his sufficient Deputy, Attorney, or Agent, for the

Use thereof, such Shares as aforesaid, on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of June, which will be

in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four: And that if any Suit shall, *nd if my Suit

after the said T hirty-first Day of Decembery One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, be brought Aal.1 j* brou*ht

in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Law or Equity by or on Behalf of the said Hospital, against any

Agent or Agents nominated and appointed for the Purposes aforesaid, or either of them, or against any ccptVuch iTare

Person or Persons acting as such Agent or Agents, (who at the Time of passing this Act shall be in Eastlndia,to

residing in Parts beyond the Seas), their Executors or Administrators, other than and except such as compel Payment

are or shall be residing in Eajt India, for an Account of, or to compel Payment of any such Shares as ®JSharJ*» such

aforesaid; such Agent or Agents, Person or Persons, adiing as such, their Executors or Administrators, *J6"* cent!*

shall pay to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, or to his sufficient Deputy, Attorney, or/og^,. with

Agent, for the Use thereof, Interest at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum% for such Sum of the Amount of

Money as shall, in the Event of the said Suit, appear to be remaining in the Hands of such Agent or unclaimed

Person respectively, on account of such forfeited and unclaimed Shares.as aforesaid, together with the Sh*/*5 Iotert^

Amount of such forfeited and unclaimed Shares \ such Interest to be computed from the End of Three 2ter tYears'

Years next after the Time appointed by such Notifications, as have been given pursuant to the said Notification.

Acts, for the Payment of such Shares as aforesaid. ,

VIII. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be con ft rued to extend, No Agreement

so as to vacate any Agreement entered into between the Commanders of His Majesty’s Sea and Land to v^Str

Forces conjundtively employed in the Expedition against Manilla, or any other Place, during the late ^der* of sS"

Wars with France and Spain and Land Forces*

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Sum and Sums of Money ai\ Money due

as by virtue of such Agreements became due to His Majesty’s Land Forces, and are now remaining to Land Forcca

unclaimed in the H mds of any Agent or Agents, shall be forthwith paid to the Commissioners appointed no* unclaimed,

by an Act made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to oblige Agents for Prixe

Money to account for such Sums of Money as remain in their Hands unclaimed, the Property of any of Hit foJhwYthp.id

Majesty s Land Forces, and for the Application 1 reof j to be applied by the said Commissioners accord- the Commifflon-

ing to the Directions of the said Act. ers appointed by.

A& 5 Geo. HI. to be applied as the said Act directs.

X. And be it ^irther enacted and declared. That this Act shall be deemed a Pubiick Act; and all Publick

Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without

Ipcually pleading the same.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for Imbanking, Draining, and Preserving, certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in'

the Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon\ and in the Parishes of Doddingtony

' March, Benwick, Wimblington, and Chatteris, within the IfU of Ely, in the County of Cam-

bridge; and for Amending the Road from a certain Bridge in the Parish of Chatteris afore<-

said, called Carter's Bridge, by a Drain called Vermuydcn's, or The Forty Feet Drain, to a,

Bridge called The Forty Feet Bridge, in the said Parish of Ramsey.

WHEREAS he Bank of the Drain called Vermuydenr, or The Forty Feet Drain, from a certain PrambU.

€ Bridge in the Parish of Chatteris, within the IjJe of Ely> in the County of Cambridge, called

Carter's Bridge, to a certain Bridge called The Forty Feet Bridge, on the North Side thereof; and the

Bank on the Weft Side of Lands called Thistle Green, to B re: da IPj, otherwise Broadwell's Old Bank,

4 on the East Side of Ramsey Meer, in the Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon, and the

4 Bank of the Great Hilks, in Ratify aforesaid; and the Banks of the River Nene> on the South and

4 South East Sides thereof, from Ramsey Meer aforesaid, along the said River to Benwick; and from

4 thence to a certain House called Copalder Ho use; and from thence by or along the said River to a cer-

4 tain Place in the Parish of Doddingtcn, within the Jfecf Ely, in the County of Cambridge, called

4 Flood's Ferryby Ranfon Moore \ and from thcncc by Borough Moore to Borough Moore Common \ are in

4 so ruinous a State that they cannot be any longer prTerved or kept in Repair, whereby the Lands

4 lying adjoining to the said Bank$ are, through the Inefficiency of the fame, overflowed with Water,

4 to the great Prejudice of the Owners and Occupiers thereof: And whereas the said Lands, so over-

4 flowed

L»

