72 C. 15. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

paid, unto the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, of

any five or more of them, {hall, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, appoint to receive the same out

of the Money arising or to ariie under their laid several Turnpike Acts, the Sum of one thousand Pounds

of lawful Money, within the Space of six Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act: ; provided

that Part of the said High Street shall be lb paved, completed, and finished in Manner aforesaid, the Perloa

or Persons receiving the fame giving a due Receipt and Discharge for the fame.

Tt- Acts tobor- ‘ XLVII. And, for the better enabling the said Trustees to raile and pay the Sum of Money as aforesaid/

thTcx^t'ofThe lt ^urt^er cnai^ed, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Tntftees, or any leven or more of

lc 1 them, horn time to time, to borrow and raise, on the Credit of their said Acts, any Sum or Sums of Mo-

ney, not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of one thousand Pounds, for the Purposes aforesaid, over and

•above all other Sum and Sums of Money already raised, or which shill hereafter be raised, by virtue of the

said Turnpike Acts, or any of them, for the particular Purposes of the fame Acts ; and also to secure the

Repayment thereof by such Means, Alignments, Mortgages, and Securities upon the Tolls and Duties,

in such Manner and at such Interest as they are impowered by the said Acts, or any of them, to raise and

secure Money for the particular Purposes of those Acts.

Money vrfled in XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies raised or collected by vir-

CommissionerB. tue, or by means, or under the Authority of this Act, shall be, and the fame are hereby veiled in the said

Commissioners, and shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act, and to or for no other Use or Purpose

whatsoever.

Expences of the XL1X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the'Charges and Ex-

At*' pences of procuring and passing this Act shall be paid out of the full Monies which shall be raised by vir-

tue of this Act.

Penalties nnay L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it {hall and may be lawful to and for the

be mitigated, said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to compound and agree with any Per-

son or Persons against whom the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall bring, or cause to

be brought, any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, for any Penalty or Penalties contained in any Contract*

or Contracts hereafter to be entered into on account of any Breach or Non-performance of any Contract

or Contracts, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they, or any five or more of them, shall think proper ;

and also to mitigate, compound, or lessen any other the Forfeitures incurred under this Act, so as the Sums

To compounded and agreed for be not less than the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Non-

performance of such Contract or Contracts, and all the Costs, Charges, and Expences, which {hall be

occasioned thereby, and so as the Mitigation of the other Forfeitures as aforesaid do not extend to remit

above one Moiety of the said Forfeitures respectively.

Appeal to the LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall think

Scfibns. himself or herself aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Me-

thod of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any

General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County of Middlejex, within three Calendar

Months after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant full giving, or causing to be given,

fourteen Days Notice at the least in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the

Matter thereof, to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and within two Days after such Notice, entering

into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County, with two sufficient Sureties condi-

tioned to try such Appeal at, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Colls as {hall be awarded by the

iullices at such General or Quarter Sessions ; and the said Justices at such Session, upon due Proof of such

fotice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizances, shall hear and finally deter-

mine the causes and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Colls to the Parties

appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such

General or Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes.

Recovery and LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act

Application of imposed, the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby particularly directed, shall be levied

Penalties. and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and

Seal of any Justice-of the Peace idling in and for the said County of Mlddlcfex ; which Warrant such Justice

is hereby impowered and required to grant upon the Confelfion of the Party or Parties, or upon the Infor-

mation of any one or more credible Witness or Witneffe^ upon Oath ; and the Penalties and Forfeitures,

when recovered, after rendering the Overplus, if any be, upon Demand, to the Party or Parties whose

Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold, the Charges of such Dillrefs and Sale being full deducted,

{hall be paid to the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the time being, and be applied towards the Purposes

of this Act; and in case sufficient Dillrefs cannot be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be

paiJ forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorised and required,

by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the House

of Correction for the said County, thereto remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding

three Calendar Months, nor less than fourteen Days, unleis such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all rea-

funable Charges, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

Corrnvflioners Lill. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be

itmv r in- lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, fiom time to time, if they shall fee

ioimers. Cause, to p y and apply such Part of the 1'aid Penalties and Forfeitures, or any of them, as they shall think

proper, not exceeding one Moiety of them, or any of them, to and for the Use of the Informer or In-

formers, or any of them ; any Tning herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

6 LIV. And

