I 21

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 22.

shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Sefllonslhall be final, binding, and conclusive,

to all Intents and Purposes,

LX XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by Penalrlci and

this Act imposed, (the Manner of levy.ng and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly di- Foriciture* ho*

rected) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by War- ta rcCOV«d

rant under the Hand and Seal of one Julliceof the Peace ailing in and for the Laid County or Places, and and appiiCj*

within his proper Jurisdiilion ; which Warrant such Justice is hereby impowered and required to grant

upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of one or more credible \Vitnefs or

Witnesses upon Oath ; and the Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if

any be, upon Demand) to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold

(the Charges of such Distrcfs and Sale being first deduced) shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Com-

mnfioners for the time bcin^, and applied towards the Purposes of this Act: And in case sufficient Distress

ftnll not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful

to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to

cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of such

County or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding three Calendar

Months, nor Itfs than fourteen Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all rcalonable Charges,

shall be sooner fully paid and falisfied.

LXXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and C-Mrimissioneri

may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, if they ™w*rd

shall fee Cause, to pay and apply such Part of the said Penalties and Forfeitures, or any of them, as they n 0imers#

shall think proper, not exceeding one Moiety of them, or any of them, to and for the Use of the Informer

or Informers, or any of them ; any 7'hine herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXVII. And be it further enailed by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where Cognizance is Ju ftiorg may a<J*

given to any Justice or Justices of the Peace by this Alt, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to miniaer Oaths,

adrniniffer an Oath to any Person, for his or their more certain Information in the Matter then depend-

ing.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That a Book or Books (hill be prepared and kept by the said Hooks to he kept

Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint, wherein for cn»rr»n*

(hill be fairly entered, from time to time, the Names of such Persons as they, or any five or more of them, '*

ih^ll nominate and appoint to put in Execution the Purposes of this Act ; and Copies of all Orders and Pro- c‘

cecdings relating thereto; and also an Account of what Monies have been alll-fled, raised, levied, and paid

by virtue of this Act, and how the fame shall have been applied ; and the Names of the Annuitant or An-

nuitants, and what Sum or Sums he, (he, or they paid for such Annuity or Annuities respectively, and

what he, (he, or they is or are to receive for the fame ; which Book or Books the said Annuitants, or any which may be

of them, and all Persons contributing to the said Rates or Alleilments, may, at all convenient Times, per- in:'pcd?J gratis,

ulc and inspeil without Fee or Reward.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress shall be Distrrfs not robe

made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be <fcem<d uniwful

deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the lame be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on ac-

count of any Default or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto 5 nor shall the Party or Parties ivty'bc termed

diffraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespafiers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be a Tref^iicr *t>

afterwards done by the Party or Parties distrainine, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irrcgula- inino.

rity* may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Cafe.

XC. Provided always. That no Plaintiff or Plaintiff's shall recover in any Ailion for any such Irregularity, plaintiff mt to

Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by, or on the Behalf of the mover .t i en-

Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such Irregularity, Trelpafs, der of

or wrongful Proceedings, before such Action brought; and in case no such 7 ender shall have been made, ha:u Utnrnaic*

it shall and in.iy be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants, in any such Aelion, by Leave of the Court

w here such Action shall depend, at any 7'imc before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money

as he or they shall lec fit; whereupon such Proceedings, or Orders, and Judgements, shall be had,

made, and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions, where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money

into C^urt.

XCL And be it further enailed by the Authority aforesaid, That no Nomination, Contrail, Bond, Writing* to be

W.irr mt, Judgement, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of, or «m*iout Sumps,

only signed by any Comm,llioner or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited be-

fore th.m, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of, or only signed determined by, any other Person or Pci Ions

w hits ever, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XCII. And be it (ur t tier enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said pr ocw.fi np^ ro

Oom.TmnniKfs, at their Meetings, shall be entered in a Bo:>k or Books to be kept for that Parpole, and such b-rntc»«a in

Orders and Proceedings so entered, Hull be signed determined by the Clerk or Clerks at any Meeting of any live er

more of the find Commissioners nficmblcJ, the C tic shall require; and such Orders dial I be deemed and

taken to be Original Orders ; which said Book or Books shall and may be pioduced and read in Evi-

derce in ali Courts wh.itloever.

XCIII. And be it tuiiher enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Proceedings to be hid touch- plC.rfffinr.

ir g the Conviition of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter 1' iwi

or I hing to be oonc or liaulacied, in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quushed "*ni ‘‘♦“I

\ c l. XI. R for

