54+ C. 60.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

which Drawback or Allowance, with respeT to such Teas as shall be exported to Ireland, shall be made

to the Exporter in such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, Securities, Penalties, and Forfei-

tures, as any Drawback or Allowance is now payable out of the Duty of Customs upon the Exporta-

tion of foreign Goods to Ireland; and with respect to such Teas as shall be exported to the British Co-

ionics and Plantations in America, the said Drawback or Allowance shall be made in such Manner, and

under such Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Drawback or Allowance, payable out

of the Duty of Customs upon foreign Goods exported to foreign Parts, was, could, or might be made,

before the passing of this AT, (except in such Cafes as are otherwise provided for by this Act.)

Drawback not to JR Provided always, and it is hereby further enaTed by the Authority aforesaid, That the Drawback

be allowed if not allowed by this Act shall not be paid or allowed for any Teas which {hall not be exported directly from

loGecTi? % Warehouse or Warehouses wherein the fame {hall be lodged, pursuant to the Directions of an Act,

mads in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, and the before-recited-

A- . Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty ICing George the Second.

,v/tc! to HI* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Fifth Day of

be exported to Juby Gnc thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, no Tea {hall be exported, or laden on Board any

Ireland, *c. Ship or Veftel in order to be exported, to the Kingdom of Ireland, or to any of the British Colonies or.

m Ships ofleft plantations in America, in any Ship of less Burthen than Eighty Tons, nor in any Che ft, Cask, Tub,

Ton^&c^un^0 orf>ac^a3e whatsoever, other than that in which it was originally imported into Great Britain, nor in any

dernpenalyUof Quantity than the whole and entire Quanticy contained in any Chest, Calk, Tub, or Package, in

“ * which the fame was (old at the publick Sale of the said East India Company, or in which the fame was-

imported by Licence, as aforesaid, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of such Tea, and the Package

containing the fame, or the Value thereof.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Merchant, or other Per-

son, {hall enter any Tea for Exportation to Ireland, or any of the British Colonies or Plantation* in

America, in order to obtain the Drawback allowed by this Act, and such-Tea shall be carried to any

other Part or Place beyond the Seas, and landed there; then, and in every such Cafe, the Drawback

paid, or to be paiJ for the fame, {hall be forfeited, and the Exporter of such Tea, and the Master of the

Ship or Veftel on Board which the fame w'as loaden and exported, and every Person concerned or affix-

ing in the Exportation, or landing of the said Tea, whether any Drawback huh been or is to be paid

for the fame or not, {hall forfeit Treble the Value of such Tea.

Forfeiture of

fu^h Tea, and

the Package.

Merchants en-

tering Tea for

Ireland, or A-

nietica, and

landing it in

other Ports,

to forfeit the

Drawback, and

Treble the Va-

lue of the Cargo,

Manner of Pro-

iecutions.

After July 5,

1772, no Part of

the old SuSfidy

/hall be repaid,

for Sue-irs the

Growth ol so-

reign Colonies.

B.vnfv aPcwed

by 60. 111. c.

45. cor-tnuei

for 3 Yens.

V. And be it further enaTed by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures,

as well specinck as pecuniary, by this AT infliTcd, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and reco-

vered, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at JHcfminfhr, by ATion, Bill, Plaint, or Information,

in the Name of His Majesty’s Attorney-general, or in the Name or Names of fomc Officer or Officers

of the Customs, in such and the like Manner and Form, and by the same Rules and Regulations, as

other Penalties and Forfeiture* for Offences against the Laws relating to the Customs may, by any AT

or ATs of Parliament now in Force, be sued ror, prosecuted, and recovered; and that One Moiety of

every such Penalty and Forfeiture {hall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other

Moiety to such Officer or Officers of the Customs as shall inform and prosecutefor the fame.

VI. And whereas by an AT of Parliament made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Ma«

4 jesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better fe curing and encouraging the Trade of His

Majesty s $ug<'.r Colonies i i America, and other Acts of Parliament which are now in Force, no Sort

4 of Sugars can be imported into the Kingdom of Tcla/id, but such only as fh.dl be fairly and b: :i

4 fide louden ami shipped in Great Britain, and cariieu directly from thence in Ships navigated accord-

4 ingtoLavv: And wnercas Sugars, the Growth ami Manufacture of foreign Plantations, net under

the Dominion of His Majesty, exported from this Kin rdom to Ireland, do draw back all the Duties

4 paid down or secured upon the Importation of such Sugars, except One Half of the old Subsidy,

4 amounting only to One Shilling and Ten-pence, and bixteen-twentieth Parts of a Penny, p 1 Hun-

4 dred Weight; and it will tend to promote the Exportation of British Sugars from this Kingdom O

Ireland, and improve and increase the Trade of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, if the Whole of the

4 old Subsidy w.is retained upon the Exportation of foreign Sugars to Ireland from this Kingdom be

h therefore enaTed by the Authority aforesaid, That from and afeer the Fifth Day of Juiy^ One t iou-

sand seven hundred and seventy-two, no Part of the R.ate or Duty commonly called The O.J Stibtijj

shall be repaid or drawn back for any Sugars, the Growth, Produce, or ManufaTurc, of any foreign

Colony or Plantation, n >t under the Dominion of his Majesty, 11 is Heirs and Succellbrs, or for any

Sugars which are to be deemed and, taken to be foreign Sugars, by any AT or ATs of Parliament now.

in Force, which shall he exported from this Kingdom to Ireland; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the

Contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And whereas by an AT made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, (inti-

4 tulcd. An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of Britishi-made Cordage \ and for discontinuing

the Drawbacks upon Foreign Rough Ilemp exported), a Bounty was granted upon the Expo tation of

4 5r/V//7i-made Cordage, under certain Limitations and KeftriTions in the said AT mentioned; which.

4 Bounty will ceafs and determine at Me End of this prclent S.ifion of Parliament: And whereas it

4 is expedient that the faiJ Bounty should be continued under fame further ReftriTions \ be it therefore

cnaTcd by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Bounty allowed by the said recited AT, shall be,

and the fame is hereby continued trom the Expiration thereof, for the further Term of Three Years,

under the several Regulations and Rdtriciions herein-aficr provided and expressed.

VIII. Pro-

