The TITLESof

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the

Manor and Liberties of Soulbury, with the Hamlet of

Hollindon, in the County of Ducks.

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Com-

mons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Rujhton

Janus, in the Parish of Leek, in the County of Stafford.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open Com-

mon Fields, Ings, Common Pastures, and other Com-

monable Lands, within the Manor of Moorby cum Wilkf

by, in the Townships of Aloorby and IPilkJby, in the

County of Lincoln.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Waste Grounds, and Stinted Pasture, within the Manor

of Sandford, in the Parish of JVarcop, in the County of

IVfI more land.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Com-

mons and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Bux-

ton, in the Parish of Bakewell, and County of Derby.

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

within the Parish of Alanton, in the County of Rutland.

29 An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

and Commonable Places, in the rarish, Lordship, or

Liberties, of Low Toynton, in the County of Lincoln.

30. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open and

Common Field, and Commonable Lands, in the Town-

ftiip. Liberties, and Precincts, of Epwell, in the Coun-

ty of Oxford.

31. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the open

Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Meadow

Ground, within the Manor and Parish of Great Far-

ringdon, in the County of Berks.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and other Commonable Meadows, Pastures,

and Grounds, within the Parish of Cavenbam, in the

County of Suffolk.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields

Moors, and Common Pastures, in the Lordship of Mid-

dle Ratfin, in the County of Lincoln.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields

and Waste Grounds, within the 1 ownship of Follifoot,

in the County of York.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields,

Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable

Lands, in the Liberties of Stainby, in the County of

Lincoln.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish

of Quinton, in the County of Gloucester.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and all other Commonable Lands, within

the Precincts of the Hamlet of Throckmorton, in the Coun-

ty of Worcester.

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open Common

Arable Fields, and the Common Meadows, Pasture

Grounds, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the

Townships of Polling ton, Bain, Whitley, and Whitley

Thorpe, Great Heck, and Little Heck, in the Pari foes of

Snaith and Kellington, in the County of York.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, in the Parish of Hammeringham, in the

County of Lincoln.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields,

Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable

Lands, in the Liberties of Stapleford, in the County of

Leicester.

4*. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

the STATUTES.

mon Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish

of Kemerton, in the County of Gloucester.

42. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Moor, called

Carlton Moor, or Common, and an Open Field, called

the Town Field, in the Manor and To.vnship of Carlton,

in the Parish of Guifeley, in the Weft Riding of the

County of York.

43. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Right Honou-

rable Edward Viscount Ligonier with Penelope Pitt; and

to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes

therein mentioned.

44. An Act to dirtblvc the Marriage of Sir John Colleton,

Baronet, with Ann Fullford, his now Wife; and to ena-

ble him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

45. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of 'Hugh Lewis with

Susannah Hale, other wise Heale, his now Wife; and to

enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes

therein mentioned.

46. An Act to djli’olvc the Marriage of Ambrose Godfrey

Hanckwitz, with Dorothy Ashcroft, his now Wife; ana

to enable him to marry again and for other Purposes

therein mentioned.

47. An Act for making the Exemplification of the Last

Will and Testament of James Macartney Esquire, de-

ceased, Evidence in all the Courts of Law and Equity

in Great Britain and Ireland.

48. An Act to enable Mary and William Hutton, and the

other Persons therein described, to take and use the Sur-

name, Arms* and Crest, of Long, pursuant to the Will

of James Long, deceased.,

49. An Act to enable Reginald Pole, Esquire, to take, use,

and bear, the Surname and Arms of Carem, pursuant to

the Will of Sir Coventry. Carew. Baronet, deceased.

50. An Act for naturalizing Arnold Meyer, Peter Boete-

feur, John Gotthelff Rucker, and John Adam Guth.

51. An Act for naturalizing John Luke IJelin

52. An Act for naturalizing Conrad Rucker.

53. An Act for railing out of the Estates, late of Ann Nu-

gent, deceased, the Sum of 10,00a/. for the Benefit of

the Right Honourable Robert Craggs, Lord Viscount

Clare in the Kingdom of Ireland, her late Husband; and

for railing out of the Estates, late of Elizabeth Eliot, de-

ceased, the lib^Sum of 1000l. for the Benefit of Ed-

ward Elliot Esquire, in Recompence and Satisfaction to

the said Robert Lord Viscount Clare and Edward Ellioty

for their severally consenting to give up and relinquifty

certain Powers of Leafing for Lives, or Years determi-

nable on Lives, reserved to them respectively, in and by

the several Last Wills of them the said Ann Nugent and

Elizabeth Elliot, and the Settlements which have been

made in pursuance thereof; and for vacating, annulling,

and extinguishing, the said Powers of Leafing; and for

other the Purposes therein expressed.

54. An Act for granting to William Jones Esquire, on cer-

Contingencies therein mentioned, a Term for Ninety-

nine Years, if he shall so long live, in the Real Estates*

late of William Jones Esquire, deceased, in the several

Counties of Wilts and Berks, upon such Terms as are

therein mentioned.

55. An Act for veiling certain Lands and Tenements, in

the County of Southampton, late the Estate of John ALUs

Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for ap-

plying the Money arising from the Sale thereof towards

discharging his Debts and Legacies. t '

56. And Act for veiling the Freehold and Leasehold Estates

of Edward Holden Cruttendon, f^ire^deceased, in the

Parishes

\ I ' !'.*» U .4 , i

