A.D. 1773.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. G. 50, 51, 777

CAP. L.

An Act for better regulating the Poor, and repairing the Highways, within the Town and County

of the Town of Southampton.

CAP. LI.

An Act to discourage the Practice of commencing frivolous and vexatious Suits in His

Majesty’s Courts at Wej.viinfier, in causes of Action arising within the Dominion

of IV les *, and for further regulating the Proceedings In the Courts of Great Sessions

in Wales.

4 '1X7’ HiE'R E A S, to the intolerable Vexation and Charge of His Majesty’s Subjects in the

* VV? Dominion of Wales, it hath been the Practice to commence trifling and frivolous Suits in

* the Courts at Wejhv.injler, upon causes of Action arising within the said Dominion of Wales: In

4 order that the fame may be tried in the nearest adjoining English County to that Part of the Do-

4 minion of Wales in which the Cause of Action has arisen, to discourage the like Practices for the

4 future may it please Your Majesty that it may be enabled \ and be it enacted by the King’s mod

Excellent M.Jefty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and

after the First Day of January», One thousand seven hundred and (event y-four, in case the Plaintiff

in any Action upon the Cafe for Words, Action of Debt, Trespafs on the,Cafe, Assault and Battery,

or other personal Action, where the Cause of such Act (hall1 arise within the Dominicm of Walesy and

■which shall be tried at the Aifizes, at the nearest English County to that Part of the said Dominion of

Wales % in which the Cause of Action shall be la>d to arise, shall not recover, by Verdict, a Debt or

Damages to the Amount of Ten Pounds ; in such Cafe, if the Judge who tried the Cause on Evi-

dence appearing before him* shall certify oa the Back of the Record of Nisi Prists % that the Defen-

dant or Defendants was or were resident in the Dominion of Wales at the Time of the Service of the

Writ, or other melnc Process served on him, her, or them, in such Action, on such Fast, being

fuggelied on the Record or Judgement Roll, a Judgement of Noniui-t shall be entered against the

Plaintiff!, and such Defendant or Defendants shall be intitled to, and have like Judgment and Re-

medy thereon, to recover such and the like Costs, against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs irv every such

Action, as if a Verdict had been given by the Jury for the Defendant or Defendants, unless the Judge,

before whom such Cause shall be tried, shall certify on the Back of the Record, that the Freehold

or Title of the Land mentioned in the Plaintiff’s was qhiefly in Question, or that such Cause was

proper to be tried in such English County.

reffdent in Walet at the Time of shy Service of the Wxit, &c. in

II. And, in order to prevent transitory Actions, where the Cause of Action docs not amount to

Ten Pounds, arising within the Principality of Wales, from.being brought in any of His Majesty’s

Courts of Record out of the said Principality, be it further enacted, That in all transitory Actions

arising within the said Principality, which, from and after the First Day of January, One thousand

f?ven hundred and seventy-four, shall be brought in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record out of the

said Principality-of Wales, and the Venue therein* shall be laid in any County or PI ice out of the

fai l Principality, and the Debt or Damages found by the Jury shall not amount to the Sum of Ten

Pounds, and it shall appeaf upon the Evidence given on the Trial of the said Cause, that the Cause

of Action arose in the said Principality of Wales, and that the Defendant or Defendants were resident

in the Dominion of Wales at the Time of the Service of any Writ, or other mesne Process served on

him, her, or them, in such Action, and it shall be so certified, under the Hand of the Judge who

tried such Cause, upon the Back of the Record of Nisi Prius, (on such Fafts being fuggcfled on the

Record or Judgement Roll), a Judgement or Nonfuic lha!l be entered thereon against the P Lain tiff,

and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall pay to the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action, his or their

Costs of Suit; and the Defendant and Defendants shall have like Remedy to recover the fame as in the

Caie i f a Verdict given for the Defendant or Defendants in such Action \ and, in the Taxation of

all Costs allowed and given to the Defendant or Defendants by and in purfinnee of this Act, the

proper Officer shall allow to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, cu,t of, the Defendant’s Costs, the full Sum

raven by the Verdict to ihe Plaintiff or Plaintiffs for his or their D.bt or Damages ; and, although no

Judgement fti^ill be entered for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs upon such VerJift, yet nevertheless such Vcr-

iiift, without any Judgement entered thereon* shall be an effectual Bar to any Action or Adti jns com*:

nicnced by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs for the lame.

III. And whereas by an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of

H»s late Majesty King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act for certain Ordinances in the King's Do-

minion and Principality cf Wales, it is (amongst other T lings) enacted, That there shall be holden

rnd kept Sessions, Twice jn every Year, in every of the Shires of the said Dominion and Piihcipa-

liry of Wales} the which Sessions II14U determined by called Xh King's Great Sejpms in Wales.and that, the Juf-

iLc

Preamble-

After Jane v

1774, in case,

the Plaintiff in

any personal

Action, &e.

where the Cause

shall arise in

Wales, and be

tried at the ntxt-

Engli/h County

to that Domi-

nion, /hail re-

cover, by ’/er*

diet. Damages to

the Amount of

10I. j

the Defendant

shall be intitled

to Judgement,

and Remedy*

thereon, if

fu.h Action,

In all Aflioos

w thin Wale*

which /hall be

brought in f

Couits oi Record

out of the said

Principality, and

the Debt Hull be

found by the

Jury to amount

to 10 1.

Art 5*& -

H lay VI.1.

