A.D. 1771* Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. x. 5

kept in any Place used for making, extracting, or distilling Low Wines or Spirits, or for preparing or keep- Jonathan 10

ine Worts or Wash. i 1

XX. Provided also, That this Act {hall not extend to inflict the said last-mentioned Penalty and Forfei- ftij,]^sgu.c

turc upon any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, who pradifesthe Trade of a Milier, and whoand ajfJ with

was puddled of and worked any Mill or Mills for the grinding of Wheat, on or before the fiift Day of Or- rrfpca to such

t',her, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, for or upon account of any Quantity of Wheat or Wheat D«ftiilers as arc

Flour which shall at any Time, during the Continuance of this Act, be found in any such Mill or Mills \ Millers,&c.

any 1'hing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Officer or Officers of Ex- In case of In-

cife, or any other Person or Perfms, shall, at any Time or Times, have Caule to fuspect that any Wheat formation, upon

or Wheat Flour, exceeding the Quantity of five Quarters, shall be laid or kept in any Storehouse,

Warthouse, Grainery, or other Place or Places as aforesaid, belonging to any Distiller or Maker of Lowof£xc*re

Wines or Spirits, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act ; then, and in every such Cafe, upon

Oath made by such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, before the Commissioners of Excise for

the Time being respedh dv, or any two or more of them, or before one or more Justice or Justices of the or a Jurtice of

Peace residing near the Place where such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, shall susped the Peace, Warrant

fame to be laid and kept, letting forth the Ground of his or their Suspicion ; it shall and may be lawful to r6 be granted inl-

and for the said Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, before whom such Officer or ^’*^n^cto

Officers, or other Per Ion or Persons, shall make Oath as aforesaid (if he or they shall judge it reasonable) by

Special Warrant under his or their respective Hands and Seals, to authorise and impower such Officer or houses, &c. be-

Officers, or other Person or Persons authorised as aforesaid, determined by Day or by Night (but if in the Night, then longing to

in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace) to enter into all and every Storehouse,

Warehouse, Gr.iinery, or other Place or Places, where he or they shall susped that any Wheat or Wheat an(j fcize all

Flour, exceeding the Quantity of five Quarters as aforesaid, shall be laid or kept, belonging to any such Wheat and

Distillcr or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, and to seize, t ike, and carry away, all such Wheat and Wheat Wheat Flour

F lour as he or they shall so find, over and above the said Qiantity of five Quarters, together with all theexcccd,nS 5

Sacks, Bags, or other Things, wherein the fame shall be contained ; and such Distillcr or Maker of Low

Wines or Spirits, or the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession such Wheat or Wheat Flour, ji,b!c to pay < K

belonging to such Distillcr, shall be found, shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and pay the per Quarter foe

said Penalty of five Pounds for every Quarter exceeding the said Quantity of five Quarters ; and the said Of- *’1 *boy« that

ficer or Officers, and other Person or Persons, is or are hereby impowered by such Warrant, together with Quantity,

such other Person or Persons as he or they shall take to his or their Assistance, to enter such Storehouses,

Warehouses, Graineries, and other Place or Places, and break open the Doors thereof, in case they be not

opened on Demand.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Rficowyan*

Ad imposed, and for the Recovery and Application whereof no other Provision is herein before made, shall

be sued for and recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts a‘nd Foifcitures

of Record in ll’ed n:\njUr y or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland\ and that the respective Courts before where no? 01 hcr-

whom the fame shall be recovered, may and are hereby authorised (if they shall think fit) to mitigate all or directed.

any of the pecuniary Penjlties herein before inflicted, to any Sum not Iris than one fourth Part of the Sum Penalties liable

herein respectively mentioned ; and that one Moiety of all such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered,to bc muig4kCd,>

shall be to the Ulc of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who

shall fuc for the fame, or give Information of, or diicoverthe Offence.

XXIII. Provided always. That all Suits, Prosecutions, or Informations, for Offences committed against Limitation of

this Act, shall be commenced and made within the Space of six Calendar Months after the Fad is committed, and *n-

and not otherwise; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. OtfTncei a*«i°nfl

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com-thise^ a6,n

menced against any Person or Persons, for any T hing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit Lirnjtation^

shall be commenced within the Space of four Calendar Months next after the Offence shall be committed ; Actiom.

and if such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted in that Part of Great Britain called En^iandy

the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General Blue, and give this Act and Genenl

the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance

and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the

Defendant or Defendants : And if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the De-

fendant or Defendants shall have appeared ; or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer

against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the I ike Treble Co £04

Remedy for the fiimc as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cafes by Law : And if fucfi

Action or Suit he commenced or prosecuted in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland^ the Court, before

whom such Action or Suit shall be brought, shall allow the Defender to plead this Aden his Defence ; and

if the Purfurr shall not mlift on his Action, or if Judgement shall be given against such Purfucr, the De-

fender shall and m^y recover the full and real Ejcpcnces he may have been put to by any such Action or

Suit.

XXV. And be it further ennded by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue until the twen- Combination cS

ticth Day alter the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament. the AO*

XXVI. Provided nevertheless, That the said Continuation may be abridged or shortened, and this Act or maybcibridgcdl

any Part thereof may be altered and varied, by any other Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of

Parliament.

CAP.

