624 C. 70.v Anno duodecimo Georgii IITl A.D. 1772.

of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the said Sum ‘of One million' eight hundred fifty-six thousand,

fever) hundred twenty-three Pounds, One Shilling and Twopence, together with such Loans aforesaid,

in the fame or like Manner, Form, or Order, and according to the fame or like Rules' and Directions,

1 as in and by a certain Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and

granting to His Mate fly certain Duties upon Malty Mumy Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One

thousand/even hundred and seventy-two, are enacted and prescribed concerning the Exchequer Bills to be

made in pursuance of the said Act.

All Advantages VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Pro-

*hd v^oe?» Powers,'Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilitics,contained in the said last-

thiaSession re- mentioned A&, relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the fame Act, (ex-

lating to Loan* cept such Clauses as do charge the fame on the Taxes granted by the fame Act, and except such

or Exchequer Clauses as limit the Rate of Interest to be paid for the forbearance of Money lent on the Credit of

Bills thereby thfe said Act), shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this

^ade^V* Act* as fully and efte&ually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Exchequer Bills had been

{wendesTto*this originally authorised by the said last-mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had

Act. been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

The said Exche- IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Exchequer Bills, which shall be

quer Bills, in- made in pursuance of this Act, and the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges incident to, or'attend-

Char eTareto *nS feme, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and borne by

bepafd*outofthe anc* out the growing Produce of the said Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, or other

Sinking Fund. Revenues composing the Sinking Fund, (except such Monies of the said Sinking Fund as are appro-

priated to any particular Use or Uses by any former or other A cl or Acts of Parliament in that Be-

half); and such Monies of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the

fame car), be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling, and dif-

charging such Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate, or Charges, until the Whole of them shall be

paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or Money sufficient for that rurpose be kept and reserved in the

Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

Bank authorised X. And be it declared and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be

10 lendto Hi* lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to His Majesty, in ,

0^856* 7*3 L* like Manner, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of Loan granted by this Act, any Sum

is. id. 3 ’ or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One million eight hundred fifty-six thou-

notwithstanding sand seven hundred twenty-three Pounds, One Shilling and Twopence; any Thing in an Act made in

Act 5and6Gul. the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary% intituled, An Act for

Sc Mari*. granting to Their Maleflies several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and vessels, and upon Beer, Ale,

and other Liquors; for securing certain Recompences and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to such Per-

fens as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the

War against France, to the Contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

The Sum of XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of One hundred thirty-six

136,4161.8(1. thousand, four hundred sixteen Pounds, and Eightpence Halfpenny, remaining in the Receipt of the

^?urPlu9of Exchequer on the Tenth Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and (eventy-one, for the Dif-

in the Vxchcquer P°^ltIon of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen of the Surplusses, Excesses, and Over-

on ioOft. 17715 plus Monies, and other Revenues of the Fund commo.ily called The Sinking Fuad; and also the Sum

55.192l.6s. of Fifty-five thousand one hundred ninety-two PounJs, Six Shillings and Elevenpence Three Far-

11d. 3q.re- things, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the Fifth Day of One thousand seven

E^'h^ueron18, hundred an^ seventy-two, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen of

x.can'qUi^70". the Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues of the Fund commonly called The

anii 805,:9s!. Sinking Fund; and also the Sum of Eight hundred and five thousand three hundred ninety-eight Pounds,

13s. zd. re* Thirteen Shillings and Twopence, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the Fifth Day of

ma ninginthc April, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies

HUeT0t12 hac* then arisen of the Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues of

and 10,4llV *he Fun^ commonly called The Sinking Fund5 and also the Sum of Ten thousand four hundred twenty-

9s. 3d. re- six Pounds, Nine Shillings and Threepence, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Dif-

maining in the position of Parliament; -and also the Sum of Twenty-one thousand seven hundred and ten Pounds,

Exchequer; and rernaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the Fifth Day of April, One thousand (even hundred

mainin in^he anc* seventy-two, being the Surplus of the Deductions of Sixpence in the Pound out of all Mo-

Ex^hequer on 5 nies paid upon all Salaries, Pensions, Annuities, and other Payments, from the Crown, after fa-

Aprilj 1772; tisfying the Annuities, or other Charges, then due and payable out of the fame; and also the Sum

alfo400,0001. of Four hundred thousand Pounds, which by an Act made in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s

Reign, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution certain Propofols made by the East India Company for

India Company ^Je Faymmt of the annual Sum cf Four hundred thousand Pounds, for a limited Time, in respe£l of the Ter--

byAft9Cjc0.nl. ritorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, is directed to be paid within the>

and furh Monies present Year into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer by the said Company; and also such of the

as shall be piii Monies as shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer after the Fifth Day of April, One thousand,

^even hundred and seventy-two, and on or before the Fifth Day of April, One thousand seven hundred'

^5^1772”andand seventy-three, of the Produce of the Duties charged by an Act of Parliament made in the Fifth

April* 5, 17*73, Year of FI is present Majesty’s Reign, upon the Importation and Exportation of Gum Senega and Gum

of the Duties of Arabicy shall and may be issued and applied at the said Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, for and

Gum Senega

andGum Arabic, charged by Act 5 Ceo. III. to fas applied for the Service of the current Year*

towards

