4 C. *. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

4 XV. And whereas it is expedient that the Extraction of Low Wines, or Spirits from Wheat or Wheat

The Extraction Flour, should be prohibited for a further Time;’ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority afore-

of i^w Wines said, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Low Wines or Spirits whatsoever dial 1 be made, ex-

Wheit or r0m tra^e(^» or distilled, within this Kingdom, from any Wheat or Wheat Flour: And if any Distiller or

Wheat Flour Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall make, extract, or distill*

Inhibited, or cause or procure to be made, extracted, or distilled, any Low Wines or Spirits from any Wheat or

Wheat Flour, or shall use or mix, or cause or procure to be used or mixed, any Wheat or Wheat Hour in

any Worts or Wash, in order for the making, extracting, or distilling, Low Wines or Spirits, or shall put

or lay, or cause or procure to be put or laid, in any Tun, Walh-batch, Cask, Copper, Still, or other Vessel

or Utensil, any Wheat or Wheat Flour for the Purpose of preparing any Worts or Wash, or for nuking,

extracting, or distilling Low Wines or Spirits, whether such Tun, Wash-batch, Cask,.Copper, Still, or

other Vessel or Utensil, hath or hath not been duly entered at the Excise Office; that then, and in each and

every of the said Cafes, such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, or other Person or Persons acting

contrary to the Directions of this Act, or the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Pofltflion any such

under Penalty Tun, Wafll- batch, Cask, Coo per. Still, or other Vessel or Utensil, which shall be made use of contrary

Forfeiture of allto the Intention of this Act, (nail be found, shall respeClively, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the

the said Com- Sum of two hundred Pounds, and all such Wheat or Wheat Flour, and such Worts and Wash, Low Wines

modities. and Spirits, shall be also forfeited.

Wheat and XVI, And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Wheat or Wheat Flour shall be

Wheat Flour found in any Workhouse, Stillhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse, or any other Place wherein Low Wines or

found in any Spirits, or Worts or Wash, shall be made, extracted, distilled, or prepared, or where any Low Wines or

La^Wines and Spirits, or Worts or Wash, shall have been made, extracted, distilled, or prepared, since the first Day of

Spirit* are ex- October, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, all such Wheat and Wheat Flour shall be forfeited; and

traced. &c. the Person or Persons in whose Possession such Workhouse, Stillhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse, or Place*

arc forfeited; {hall be, shall, for every Offence respeClively, also forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds,

and also loo 1.

by the Person in whose Possession found.

Officers of Er- XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Per-

cife, &c. autho- son or Persons who shall be authorised for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Fxcise for the Time being*

*“ *?* or any two or more of them, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, or by one or more

from which Low Ju^ice or Justices of the Peace in any other Part of Great Britain, at any Time or Times, with any Officer

Wines or Spirits of Excise, to enter into any Workhouse, Stillhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse, or any other Place, wherein

any Low Wines or Spirits, or Worts or Wash, shall be, or are suspected to be, made, extracted, distilled,

or prepared, or wherein Low Wines or Spirits, or Worts or Wash, shall have been made, extracted, di-

stilled, or prepared, since the first Day of October^ one thousand seven hundred and seventy, and shall have

free Admittance into the fame, and may inspect all the Materials, Vessels, and Utensils therein contained,

giving thereby as little Interruption as may be to the Business which is carrying on; and in case any Orficer

of Excise shall have Reason to fufpcCt that any Wheat or Wheat Flour is mixed in any Worts or Wash, or

in any other Material or Preparation, for making, extracting, or distilling Low Wines or Spirits, it shall

and may be lawful for such Officer, at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act, upon Pay-

ment of two Shillings and six Pence, to take a Sample, not exceeding two Quarts, of any such Worts or

Wash, Material or Preparation, which shall be found in any such House, or other Place aforesaid; and in

case any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, or the Owner or Occupier of any such House or Place*

or any Woikman or Servant to any such Distiller, Owner, or Occupier belonging, shall refuse to admit

such Person or Persons as shall be so authorised, or any Officer of Excise, into any such House or Place; or

shall obstiuct or hinder any such Officer, or Person or Persons, in making such lnspection as aforesaid; or

shall not allow any such Officer to take such Sample, after the said Sum of two Shillings and six Pence shall

be paid or tendered for the fame, such Distiller, Owner, or Occupier, shall, for every such Offence respec-

tively, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and it shall be lawful for any such Officer of Ex*-

cife, or other Person or Persons authorised as aforesaid, having a Warrant for that Purpose from any two or

more of the Commissioners of the Excise, or any Justice or Justices lespectively as aforesaid, to seize, take*

and carry away, all such Wheat and Wheat Flour as shall be found in any such House or other Place, ta-

gether with all the Sacks, Bags, and other Things, in which the said Commodities shall be contained.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Distiller or Maker of Low

Wines or Spirits for Sale or Exportation, shall be possessed of, or have in his, her, or their Custody or Pof-

Ouartersof feff10rh or in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons in Trust, or for the Use or Benefit of such.

Whca^oAvheat Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, more than five Quarters of Wheat or Wheat Flour at any one

Flour at one Time, in any one or more Place or Places, not being a Place or Places for preparing, making, extracting*

Time, &c. distilling, or keeping Worts or Wash, Low Wines or Spirits, every such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines

©n Forfeitures of or Spirits shall, for every such Offence respeClively, forfeit all such Wheat and Wheat Flour, exceeding the

the Surplus, and Quantity of five Quarters; and also the Sum of five Pounds for every Quarter so forfeited,

exc^rtruu.h^' XIX. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend to inflict the said last-memioned Penalty and For-

feiture upon any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, who shall be the actual Grower of Wheat*

and shall be poiltlTed of any Quantity of such Wheat grown by him or her in the Straw, or after the fame is

threshed out, or separated from the Straw; provided such Wheat shall not be kept in his or her Possession, or

in the Possession of any other Person or Persons in Trust for him or her, or for a greater Space of Time than

twenty Days after the fame shall be threflied or separated from the Straw j and so *s such Wheat be not

S kept

arc to be ex-

tracted

nd take Sam-

ples, paying for

the fame.

Penalty of re-

filling Admit-

tance to an Of-

ficer, &c. or

©bOructing him,

is icol.

Officer au‘ho-

r:lVd by War-

nnt, nu) seize

the said Com-

n.odUiet.

Dlfliller, tkc

not to have

more than five

Distillers, tec.

as are the

Growers, 5rc.

and v* ho keep

i»o: the Wheat

at f.er being

thuii.e.l out.

