A.D. 177r.. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 2$: 145

fc.me, or cause the fame to be removed, taken, carried away, and deposited in such Place or Places as the

said CornmiiFioners, nr any fi/e or more of them, shall direct or appoint; there to remain until the Offen-

der or Offenders shall have paid and discharged all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the carrying

away and depositing the fame as aforesaid, as also a Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings for each such Of-

fence: And in cale the lame shall no*" be claimed, and the said Sum of twenty Shillings and Charges paid

within three Days next after such Seizure, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners,

or any five or more of them, or the Person or Persons to he by them appointed for that Ptirpose, to cause

the fame to be appraileJ and fold, and the Monies arising therefrom shall be applied for the Purposes of this

Act

X XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall run, drive, ^whrd"

or draw, or cause to be run, driven, or drawn, on any Part of the Eoot-pavcments of the said Streets, Lancs, J^rows*

rr Places, or either of them, any Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Wired-barrow, or any Carriage or other Foot Pave-

Thing whatsoever; such Person or Per fons shall forfeit, for the full Offence, the Sum of five Shillings; ments,

for (be ftcond Offence, the Sum of ten Shillings; and for the third, and every other Olfence, the Sum of

twenty Shillings: And it fhdl and may be lawful for any Person or Per Ions whatsoever to take the Person

or Persons lo offending into Culiody, and take him or them to a Justice or Justices of the County or Place

where iu:h Offence shall he committed, to be dealt with as herein after is directed.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That k shall and rpay Hoard?, Ac.mij

be lawful for any Person or Persons to creel or set up, or cause to be erected or let up, in any of the said buiin.n' re-

Streets, Lines, or Places comprised within the District aforesaid, any Inclosure, Polls, Bais, or Rails,

or other Matters or Things, for the Purpose of making Mortar, and d.’pofning Pricks, Lime, or other Mi- Leaved

terials for building or repairing any Houses, Buildings, or other Works; evciy such Person or Persons firit

obtaining Leave, under the Hand of the Surveyor or Clerk for the time being to the said Commissioners,

for these Purposes rclocdtively, which he is hereby impowered to give by their Permilhon: But il any Per-

son or Persons shall erect or set up, or cause to be erected and let up, any such Incloluro, Potts, ICrs,

r.r Rails, or any other Matter or Thing for the Purposes aforesaid, without such Leave luit had and ob-

tained; every fu< h Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding twenty Shil-

lings for every D.»y such Inclosure, Matter, or Thirg as aforeljid, shall remain and continue.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Per Ion and Persons Faot-piremenfs

inhabiting within the said Difliict shall, from and after the said second Jllonday next alter the passing of Y ‘r*

th.s Act, sweep and clean, or cause to be swept and cleansed, the Foot-paths of their respective Houses,

Building®, and \V. 11$, once in every Day, between the Hours of fix and nine in the Forenoon (Sutuhys

exceprcJ) upon Pain of forfeiting two Shillings and Sixpence for every Neglect therein.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five to

or more of them, mav order and direct the Houses within the said Streets, Lanes, and Places, or any ofs

them, to be numbered with Figure?, placed or painted on the Doors thereof, or on such other Part of the $-nur*

laid rh uf«*® respectively as they tSc laid Commissioners, or any lue or more cl them, shall think psop-.r; *<. fn e

and may a lib order and direct to be engraved, painted, or otherwise defenbed, on a conipicuous Ikut of o<» the Corner

f jrr.e House or oih T Building at or near the End or Corner of each Street, L ine, Court, YCrd, Alley, H uics.

Paiidgc, or Place adjoining to, or being near the said Streets, Lanes, or Places hen by authorilcd to be

paved respectively, the Names by whit h such relpcdive Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Railages,

or Places so adjoining is usually ot properly cal cd or known: And if any Person or Persons fh hi wilfully or

rrul c’ously deiiroy, injure, obliterate, or delace any such Number, Figure, Name, or D.scription, or

mv Part thereof, or cause or procure the fame to be done, and Hull be convi;ted tlurcof by his or their

own Confellion, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnclfes, before one or mere Jullicj

cr Ju It ices of the Peace acting in or for the County or Place where such Offence Hull be committed ;

c\ ~rv such Person so offending iball, f >r every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum or hve Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and aider the iaiJ fccord shnr, to be

JII.kJu) next after the pufling of this Act, die IaiJ Commihhoners, or any five or m )re of them, fluil or

rruv cauie all Signs which then, or at any Time after, shall he placed or hung in any Part of the ft:d

S;re«f$, Lane:-, or Places within the District aforesaid, to be fix^u or placed on the Fiuntsof such IP>u! *s

ref) clivciy wncrcto the fame shall belong; and also Hull and may caulc all Sign-irons, Sign-poll;,

boards Spout®, (hitters, Ik nt-hotifes, )k»lts, Rails, or other 1 rung: ecc.uionir.g a. 1. y Obit; notion or An-

rrv.;ncc in the said Streets Lane®, and Places, to be removed or altered in such Manner at rkc I id Con-

i'! ...>>rers, or any five or more of them, Hull think moil pro: cr «nd convenient: And tlut dr the futmc

a 1 > Boards, spouts, or Gurn1 s, fluil be placed or lixed on the I ionts of the Houlebiu p>, Ware-

or Buddings whereunto they re Ipcctively belong, and not other v/ifc’ And if any Berlin or Per-

l< m llirtiI at am I me hereafter hany, pi ice, ertd, or build, any Sign, b;gn-p'M or Ion, B ,.ml, Spour,

or (1 1 t r, or ' iuie the I me to be d.uu, in am* omer A*.a: tvr then as a: irclaid; cr liu.i pki:r PdC or

K A, or in ary oth.r Manner occ.hon any hu io^k hinent, Naiuncc, or Annoumcc to be inn L* in tnc

Bid Mre^ts, Fjiics, or 1V.lc$, or am of them, compr.icd within die Ddhict abTtfui h or pern.it or futr. r

r.ny N.ulance to remain or continue therein; every such Person tiull, for evciy iueh CiKnec, forfeit aril

piv ihr <.f live Pounds.

XX \ 1 i i. Proudc.l always and be it further ended by the Auth ;i:y aforcLiJ, Th t if any, or any s’'n » ^

Jk.it'f any f/ h Sign, Sign-ir«»u, or P* ft, Board, (iuttT, Sgot^, Pentium v*, or other i\oje;tiunor In r

croj'hment Hi 11 n mam nuuLd at.er the Ahcrj'iun m 1 e ihrret'i .:s ic.ur. d rented, the Line lluui be

r-t ,rr»ed to, and be the Property cd the Pen n 10 whoai the lame belo- ^ed b .0 e such Removal or All:i-

Va. XL U 4 XXXIV. And

