192 C. 32, 33. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771,

4 cceded determined by Licence on the said Fishery from thence, and divers Certificates and Orders for the Payment

4 of such Bounties do for that Reason remain unsatisfied Now, for making a reasonable Compensation

persons to for such Delay of Payment, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person and Per-

whom Bounty fons who, from and after the fifth Day of April, one thousand (even hundred and seventy-one, shall be

remauis un,.u'f- |Cga]iy intitled to receive any such Bv)untv which shall then remain due and unfatisfie.l, for or in respe&of

April s *77*9* an^ or whichj before the first Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, pro-

he inti tied to in ceeded from Scotland upon the Lid White Herring Fishery, shall, for the Forbearance of such Moneyas

terertof 3 per shall be so due, be allowed Interest, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum for the fame,

Coit. for For- such Interest to be computed from the 1’aid fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one,

bearance. and continued until Notice shall be given in the London Gazette, and Edinburgh Courant, by Order of

the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury for the time being, that the

Money due Tor such Bounties shall and will be paid off and discharged.

Commissioners XVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for

of the Customs the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ to causethefaid

in Scotland may Interest allowed by this Act to be paid annually by the Receiver-general of the Customs in Scotland, out of

to b* paid- any Money in his Hands arising from any of the Duties, Revenues, and Customs, under the Management

rnully. of such Commissioners.

Commissioners, XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for preventing any Difficulties about

Scc. in Scotland, ascertaining, getting in, and receiving all such Sums of Money as shall for the future become due and pay-

to tr^nfmit able by Law, as a Duty of Sixpence per Month from all Seamen who are or shall be employed in the Ser-

cTr^ateTto^ v*ce l^c White Herring Fishery, for the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, the Com-

the Offic^in0 missioners for the time being of his Majesty’s Customs, or of Excise, if in Scotland, as the Cafe maybe,

London, for shall, and they are hereby required, from time to time, after the Commencement of this Act, to transrait,

Recovery of Mo- or cause to be transmitted, with all convenient Speed, to the Office of the Receiver for th^ time being of

neydue to the said Duty in London, a true and exact Copy of every Certificate which shall, from time to time, after

fro^Sea- r!?c Commencement, be transmitted to them the said Commissioners, by all or any of the respe&ive

men employed in Collectors and Comptrollers of the several Outports in Great Britain, in order to the said Commissioners

the white Her- causing Payment to be made of the Bounty of thirty Shillings^ Ton, pursuant to the Diredtionsof an

ring Fishery, Act of Parliament made in the twenty-third Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for

: the Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called

England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-one j for indemnifying the Landholders of the Isle of Wight from the Payment of the Monies

due by virtue of an Act of the ninth Y,ear of his present Majesty; and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Squares, Lanes,

and other Passages within the Parish of Saint John, Ckrkenwell, in the County of Middle-

sex, and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

Preamble.

Comrr.iflionen

Names.

Co mm I fli oners

living, &c.

o'.bers 10 be

clocked.

WHEREAS the several Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Yards, and other public Passages within

the Parish of Saint John, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, are extremely ill paved, and

the Pafiage through the fame greatly obstructed by Posts and Projections, and annoyed by Signs, Spouts,

and Gutters, projecting into and over the fame, and are in general very ill paved, and not duly lighted,

and the present Methods prescribed by Law are ineffectual for paving, cleansing, and lighting the lame:

‘ And whereas, if Powers were given to new-pave, and to maintain and preserve the Pavements of the

4 said Streets, and other Place?, and to remove all the Nuisances and Obstructions therein, and to prevent

the fame for the future, and also for lighting, cleansing, and watching the fame in a proper Manner, it

4 would tend greatly to the Safety of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and be of public Utility:’ May it

therefore please your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Ma-

jesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Reverend Sir George Booths

Baronet; the Reverend Roger Parry Rector, and the Rector of the said Parish for the time being; Uriah

Bri/low and Joseph Faikncy, Churchwardens, and the Churchwardens of the said Parish for the time being;

Widiam Montague, Giles Grindey, Heaton Wilkes, William Wildman% John Crages, William Spencer senior,

Humphrey Gammon, Francis Peter Mallett, William Storey, John Lunn, Thomas Farren, George Ion, Janas

Bailey, John Kirk* William Nightingale, James Emonfon, James Upjohn, Thomas Titter, Vestrymen; Js*

frph Wimpey, William Gomm, Gabriel Wirgman, David Henry, Richard Barwell, John Court, JohnParfin,

Benjamin Lyon, William Fofbrooke, Richard Ruggc, Thomas Boys, William Blackborrow, J ofeph Keeling, and

Richard Gomm, shall be and be called Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as often as any Commissioner by this

Act appointed, or to be elected, mall die, or refuse to act, it shall and may be lawful for the surviving or

remaining Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at any Meeting assembled, by Writing under

their

\

