H34- C. 72. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773,

ti e of the of any City or Town Corporate, then by fom: Justice of the Peace of the County inhabiting or be-

iouaty where ing near t£e p|acc where such Tender shall be made; and the said Mayor, or other Chief Officer, ana

o.'ill be°m!Sc Jaice of the Peace, shall have full Power and Authority to administer an Oath, as he shall fee con-

who may admi- venient, to any Person, for the determining any Questions relating to the said Piece.

rifter Oathi.

Tdiers of the II. And be it further enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid, That the Tellers at the Receipt of His

^rr0Majesty’s Exchequer, and their Deputies and Clerks, shall, and they arc hereby required, to cut,

CoU Moneyun- break, or deface, or cause to be cut, broken, or defaced, every Piece of counterfeit or unlawfully

j.wfully dimi- diminished Gold Money that shall be tendered in Payment to them, to the Use of His Majesty,

oished. H is Heirs or Successors, or for or in rcfjx ft of any Part of the Revenue, Aids, Impositions, Duties,

or Taxes, of His Majesty, His Heirs or S jccefiers: And the better to discover Gold Money that is

counterfeit, or unlawfully diminiflic J, from that which is good and true, the said Tellers, and their

Ti-fp.’drive Deputies and Clerks, shall v.vigh in whole Sums, or otherwise, all Gold Money by them

received; and if the fame, or any Piece thereof, shall, by the Weight, or o’herwife, appear to be

counterfeit, or unlawfully diminished, the fame dial} not be rec ived by or from them, in the said

Receipt of the Exchequer, nor be allowed them upon their respective Accounts.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act to permit the free Importation of Cod Fish, Ling, and Hake, caught and cured

in Chaleur Bay, or any other Part of the Gulph of Saint or on the Coast of

Labrador.

Act.* jAnwe.* \\Z HEREAS byan Act, made in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of Her fate

VV Majesty Queen Anne, (intituled, An Act for the better securing and regulating the Duties upon

4 Salt), Cod Fish, Ling, or Hake, caught and cured at Newfoundland, or Ireland, are permitted to

4 be imported, brought in, or landed, under certain Restrictions and Regulations therein particularly

4 mentioned: And wheieas it may tend to the Increase of the Trade and Navigation of this King-

4 dom, if the like Permission were granted of importing and bringing in Cod Fish, Ling, or Hake,

caught and cured in Chaleur Bay, or any other Part 0? the Gulph of 5 tint Lawrence, or on the Coast

4 of Labrador \ may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enaifted; and be it enacted by

the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

After pdfing That and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to import, bring in, in British-

this Act, all od bujjt Vessels, navigated according to Law, and subject to the Rules prescribed in an Act of the

Hake, cau* ht in Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King JFiHiam the Third, (intituled, An

Chaleur Bay, Ad to encourage the Trade to Newfoundland,), and to land in Great Britain, all Cod Fish, Ling, and

&c. may be im-Hake, caught and cured in Chaleur Bay, o^ any other Part of the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, or on the

pored, subjea Coast of Labrador, so as Oath be fi ft made before the Landing thereof, by the Owner or Proprietor

of such Fish, or the Master of the Vefiel bringing the fame, before the Officer for the Duties on

Salt, in the Port or Place where such Fish shall be imported or brought in, (who is hereby required

to administer the fame without Fee or Charge), that all the Fish so imported or brought in can e

from the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, or the Coast of Labrador, and were caught and cured there; and

so as the said Fish be, at the Landing thereof, and before the fame be removed from the Shore, ten-

Fifti brought* in dered to *hc Officer of the Port or Place, for the said Duties, to have Part of the Tail of every such

cure from the Cod Fish, Ling, or Hike, cut off, that no Allowance for such Fish may be obtained upon Exporta-

GuphofSt. ton; and the said Officer is hereby im powered and required to cut off Part of the Tail of all such

Lawrmce, Sec. Fish on the Landing thereof: And in case any such Fiffi shall be landed or removed from the Shore

Penalty on re- before the fame shall be tendered to the Officer, to have Part of the Tail cut, as aforesaid, all the

troro^hcShore Fish *rllPr>rte^ ar*d landed shall be forfeited, and Double the Value thereof, to be recovered of the

before tendered Importer, Proprietor, or Matter of the Veil’d.

to the Rules in

Act 10 & 11

Gul. III.

Oath being

made by the

Matter of the

*to the Officer.

The Matter of II. And whereas, in the curing of Cod Fish, Ling, and Hake, confnlerable Quantities of Salt are

FT?ycycffnKw,thnece^ri!V' thrown over them, when shipped, to preserve them from spoiling, and a ereat Part thereof

fiomNewfound-°‘^ *n unloading the VdTel, and it hath been too common a Pradic* for the Owner or Matter

land, nc. tode of the Veil'd, and People belonging thereto, to collect such loose and foul Salt together, and clan-

froy all the fouldeftin ly convey it on Shore, and fell it at an under Price, whereby His Majesty’s Rev:nue has been

Salt onbrard, mConfiderably injured; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the

t SahOfficer? Master of every Veffiel laden with Ced Fish, Ling, or Hike, either coming f om Newfoundland, the

North Seas, or Ireland\ or the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, or the Coast of Labrador, into any Port or

Place in Great Britain, shall, and is hereby required to throw, or cause to be thrown, overboard, and

deftro^cd, all the Salt that shall so fall off, or be in the Vellel, at the Time of the unloading or

landing of all or any Part of her Cargo, In the Presence of an Officer for the Duties on Salt; and

if the Matter of such Veffid (h *11 neglect or refuse so to do, it shall and may be lawful to and for

Penalty on Re- th? Salt Officer on Board, by himself, or with such Assistance as may be neccessary, to throw all md

fu^i oi Neglect, every Part thereof overboard, , or other wise destroy the fame, and the M?fter, for such Neglect or

20Refuial, (liali forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and Costs j arvd if any such Salt shall be landed cr

4 rtm

OiOOQLe

