152

Julias may ?d-

miniiicr Oaths.

flunks to be kept

for entering

Comrr n.0i:cis

K.ui.cs, fa',

v bu h rrav be

iji j. t£ted £m:s.

D’. Orffs not to Ve

deemed unlawful

for want of

I orm, nor the

Party be deemed

a Trcfp after ab

iri:! o.

Plaintift" not to

reeo\ er if Ten-

der of Amends

j ath Uen made.

Wirings to be

unbuilt Stamp?.

Proceedings to

be en cicd in a

Book.

proceedings not

to be quaf}j<.d lor

v ant ot Form,

or removable by

Ceitiorari.

Limitation of

Atlions.

Cencral Ifiue,

G. 23. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A. 0.1771.

£ <fi! think proper, not exceeding one Moiety of them, or any of them, to and for the Use of the Informer

or It formers, or any of them; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXV1IE And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 7 hat in nil Cafes where Cognizance is

given to any Justice or Jnffices of the Peace determined by this Act, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to

administer an "Oath to any Person, for his, her, or their more certain Information in the Matter then de-

pending.

LXlX. And be it further cnartrd, That a Book or Books shall be prepared and kept by the fa id

Com mi (Turners, or by such Person or Per Ions as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint, wherein

shall be fairly entered, from time to time, the Names of such Persons as they, or any five or more of them,

shall nominate and appoint to put in Execution the Purposes of this Act; and Copies of all Orders and Pro-

ceedings relating theicto; and also an Account of what Monies have been ail'clled, raised, levied, and paid

by virtue of this Act, at.d how the fame shall have applied j and the Names of the Annuitant or An-

nuitants, and what Sum or Sums he, she, or they paid for such Annuity or Annuities respectively, and

whet he, she, or they is or are to receive for the fame; which Bock or Books the said Annuitants, or any

of them, and all Pei Ions contributing to the said Rates or Assessments, may, at all convenient Times, per-

use and insped without Fee or Reward.

LXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress shall be

made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be

deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on ac-

count of any Default or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties

didraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespass'ers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be

hereafter done by the Party or Parties diffraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregula-

ii:y* may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Cate.

LXXI Provided always, That no PJaintift’or Plaintiffs shall recover in nnyAdion for 2ny such Irregularity,

Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by, or on the Behalf of the

Party or Parties v. ho shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such Irregularity, Trespass,

or wrongful Proceedings, before such Action brought; and in case no such 7 ender shall have been made,

it shall aVu! may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants, in any such Action, by Leave of the Court

where such Action flu; 11 depend, at any 7'ime before Blue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money

as he or they fl 1 all fee lit; whereupon such Proceedings, or Ordcis, and Judgements, shall be had,

made, and given in and by tuch Court, as in other Artions, where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money

into Court.

EXXIE And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Nomination, Contract, Bond,

Warrant, Judgement, or other W riting whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of, or

only signed by any Commissioner or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited be-

fore them, or under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by, any other Person or Persons

whatfeever, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

LXX III. And be it further er.acted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said

Commissioners, at their Meetings, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and such

Orders and Proceedings, so entered, shall be signed by the Clerk or Clerks at any Meeting of any five or

more of the said Commissioners nflembled, as the Cafe shall require; and such Orders shall be deemed and

taken to he Original Orders; which laid Book or Bocks shall and may be produced and read in Evi-

dence in all Courts whatsoever.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Proceedings to be had touch-

ing the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter

or Thing to he done or transacted, in or relating to the Execution of this Art, dial] be vacated or quashed

for want of Form, or he removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procels whatsoever, into any of his

Map fly’s Courts of Record at IVejhnin/lcr; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXX V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 7'hnt no Action or Suit (hall be com-

menced against any Person or Persons for any 7 hing done in purfuanc e of this Art, until twenty Days No-

tice shall be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, or after sufficient Satisfac-

tion, or 7'ender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after six Calendar Months

next after the Fart is committed, for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and

every such Action shall be brought, laid, and tried in the County or Place where such Matters and Tnirgs

respertively shall be committed or done, and not in any other County or Place; and the Defendant or De-

fendants in such Actions and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Iiilie, and give this Art

and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial or 7>ials which shall be had thereupon; and that the Mat-

ter or Thing, for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought, was done in pu:-

ftiance and by the Authority of this Art; and if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done,

or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before twenty Days Notice thereof given as afore-

said, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Art ion or Suit shall

not be commenced within the 7'imc before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County cr

PI ace than as aforesaid; then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein: And if

a Vcrdirt or Verdirts shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff’ or Plaintiffs in

such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonsuited, or fuss'er a Discontinuance of such Action or

Artions, or if upon any Demurrer or Demurrers in such Artion or Artions, Judgement shall be given for

the Defendant or Defendants therein 5 then, and in either of the Cafes aforesaid, such Defendant or De-

fendants

k^ooooie

