A; D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 64. 559

Xtll. Provided always. That a major Part of the said Trustees, at any mAlick Meeting assembled Tniftee»may

for that Purpose, shall have Power and Authority to remove or displace any Treasurer or Treasurers so

to be appointed, and to appoint any other Person or Persons as Treasurer or Treasurers in Room of po^othert!P-

him or them so removed or displaced ; which said Treasurer or Treasurers shall give such Security for who are to give

the due Application of all Monies which shall be so by him or them received, as the major Part of the Security,

said Trustees, at the said First or any other Meeting afT*mbled, shall think necessary.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Freehold and Inheritance of Chipelt verted

the said respective Chapels and Clupel-yards, except the Vaults to be made under the said Chapels in the Mmifteri,

as herein-afeer mentioned, shall, after Consecration thereof, be vested in the respective Ministers of the

said respective Chapels, and their respective Successors.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it (hill be lawful for the Minister For Appoint-

or Chaplain for the Time being, of the said intended respective Chapels, to nominate and appoint such

Persons, from Time to Time, as he shall think fit,* to officiate as Clerk and Sexton in the said Chapel j a *toa-

and also, from Time to Time, to displace and remove such Clerk and Sexton respectively, as he the

said Minister shall fee Cause.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Right, Property, and Interest,

of the several Pews within the said respective new Chapels, shall and are hereby declared to be vested

in the respective Ministers of the said respective Chapels, and their Successors, for ever, to be let out by ,

them to any Person or Persons, being Inhabitants of the said Town of Birmingham only, (subject to

the Proviso herein-after contained), who shall be willing to contract and agree for the fame, at fuchu

Rent as shall be settled at a General Meeting of the said Trustees to be held for that Purpose, within

One Month after Consecration of the said respective Chapels, or the major Part of such Trustees at

such Meeting assembled ; such Trustees having, and they are hereby declared to have, a Power of al~

tering the Rents of such Pews and Sittings every Three Years, if they think proper, so that they do not

raise the fame to exceed the Sums herein after mentioned, and observing an Equality in raising the fame

according to the first fixed Rent.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the said Trustees or any Nine of them Pew* to kr

shall, and they arc hereby required, to cause the several Pews to be credled or set up in the said respective number*.

Chapels to be numbered, ana the several Numbers of the said Pews or Seats in each Chapel to be entered

in Two separate Books, and also the annual Rent at which the fame shall be set or let determined by the said respective

Ministers as aforesaid 5 which Books shall be preserved in the respective Vestries of the said respective Cha-

pels, and shall be open to the Inspection of all Persons renting or occupying any of the said Pews or Seats,

at all seasonableTimes, without any Fee or Reward : And if any of the Rents agreed to be paid for any of Recovery of

the said Pews shall remain in Arrear and unpaid for by the Space of Two Months after the fame shall be- Pew-rent.

,comedue, that then it shall and may be lawful for the respective Ministers of the said respective Chapels for

the Time being, to re-enter upon such Pews or Seats, and to sue for and recover the said Rent so in Ar~

rear, byAdlionof Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Re-

cord, wherein no Efloin, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be al-

lowed, or to levy and recover such Rent by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfoi*

or Persons neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two

or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Warwick ; which Warrant such Justices are hereby

impowered and required to grant, upon Proof being made before them, upon Oath, that such Rent has*

been demanded and remains unpaid $ which Oath such Justices are hereby impowered and required to

ad minister, without Fee or Reward.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rents to be fixed and set Limitation*6

upon the said Pews or Seats by the said Trustees, in Manner aforesaid, shall not amount in the Whole Pew-rcac*

to more than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds by the Year, nor less than the Sum of One hundred

and Sixty-five Pounds by the Year, at each of the said intended Chapels ; and that the said Rents to

be fixed by the said Trustees shall not be altered or alterable, (except as is herein*before mentioned),

out of which annual Rents the Ministers of the said intended respective Chapels shall pay to the Clerics

officiating in the fame, the Sum of Fifteen Pounds each by theYcar ; and in letting orfetting the said Pews*

or Seats, Preference shall be given in the Choice of such Pews or Seats to Persons subscribing the largest

Sums of Money for building and completing the said respective Chapels as aforesaid ; and if any Dis-

pute shall arise between Two or more Subscribers of equal Sums of Money, the fame shall be deter-

mined at a Meeting of the said Trustees by way of Ballot.

XIX. Provided always. That it shall and may be lawful to and for such of the Subscribert to the RtatttvtoMB

laid intended Chapels, who shall, by Ballot as aforesaid, be inti tied to any Pews or Sittings therein, Pew* without

and their respective Heirs and Assigns, so long as they and their respective Heirs and Assigns shall re- MoJea*tio»

spedlively pay the Kent for the fame, as is herein before required, and be rtfident in the said Parish of

Birmingham, (but no longer) to hold and enjoy such Pews and Sittings, so to be allotted to them wifih-

out any Disturbance or Molcftation whatsoever, at the respective Rents so to be from Time to Time

fixed by the said Trustees.

XX. Provided further, That in order to give an Opportunity to Persons of all Ranks and Situation norto let them

in Life to act nd Lhvme Worship, and that no pecuniary Advant ig^s may be derived to the first Pof- fot Urf«r

feflors or Occup ers of the Pews and Sittings, that no such PoflcfTor or Occupier of such* Pews or Sit-Surof»

tings shall set, let, ordemifethe fame, or any of them, to any Person or Pferfons whomsoever, for a

larger or greattr Rent than he, (he, or they, shall respectively pay for the fame, upon Pain of forfeiting

the Occupation of such Sittings, in which Cafe the fame shall become forfeited j and the respective

Minister*

,e

