A.D. 1772.

Anno duodecimo Georg*! III.

C. 14- 339

of Two-pence Halfpenny, Residue of the said 1 aft-mentioned Sum of Three-pence, to such Person or

Persons as by the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the said Borough of Great Yar-

mouthy in Common Council assembled, shall be appointed to receive the same, to be applied for and

towards the full and effectual clearing and depthening that Part of the River fare leading from Yar-

mouth to Norwich^ called Braydon, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Seven of them,

(Five being Commissioners for the Counties of Norfolk amd Suffolk^ and the City of Norw'ub) shall or-

der and diretft.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said last-mentioned Sum of Three-pence, shall not,

at any Time, be raised and levied, unless Notice in Writing, signed by the said Commissioners, or

any Seven of them, (Five being Commissioners for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and the City

of Norwich) at One of their Meetings at Great Yarmouth aforesaid, shall be tirft given to the Mayor,

or Deputy Mayor, of the said Borough of Great Yarmouth for the Time being respectively, that it u

neerflary to raise the said Sum of Three-pence for the Purposes aforesaid; and that then such Sum

shall be raised accordingly.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the last-mentioned Sum of Three-pence, when

raised, shall be annually accounted for by the several Persons concerned in the Receipt and Expenditure

thereof, before the fiid Commissioners, or any Seven of them, (Five being Commissioners for the Coun-

ties of Norfolk and Suffolk and the City of Norwich) at their annual Meeting at Great Yarmouth afore-

said; and the Ovciplus (if any) of the said Halfpenny, Part of the said last-mentioned Sum of

Thrce-pence, shall be applied and disposed of in clearing and depthening the said River Bure, com-

monly called The North River, and its Branches aforesaid, in such Manner ns the said Commissioners,

or any Seven of them, (being Commissioners for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and the

City of Norwich) at their annual Meeting as aforesaid, shall order and direct; and the Overplus (if

any) of the said Two-pence Halfpenny, Residue of the said last-mentioned Sum of Three-pence, shall

remain in the Hands of such Person or Persons as the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty

of the said Borough of Great Yarmouth, in Common Council assembled, shall appoint, to be applied

m keeping the said Channel of Braydon cleared and depthened, at such Times, and in such Manner,

as the said Commissioners, or any Seven of them, (Five being Commissioners for the Counties of

Norfolk and Suffolk, and the City or Norwich) shall think fit.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of Four-pence, other Part of the said Duty of Ten-

pence, granted by this Act, shall be applied and disposed of in clearing and depthening the said Haven,

and in maintaining and keeping in Repair the said Piers and Jettee, and all the Capfterns, Cables,

and Ropes thereunto belonging and necessary, proper ahJ accustomed to be therewith used, in such

Manner as the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the said Borough of Great Yar-

mouth aforesaid, in Common Council assembled, shall, from Time to Time, order and direct, except

at such Time or Times only as the further Duty of Two-pence herein-after mentioned mall be

raised.

XIV. Provided always. That if in any Year it shall appear to the said Commissioners, or any Seven

of them, ffive being Commissioners, for the Counties of Norfolk and Suff olk, and the City of Norwich)

■that the said Sum of Four-pence, hereby directed to be applied in clearing and depthening the said Ha-

ven, and in maintaining and keeping in Repair the said Piers and Jettee, and the Capfterns, Cables,

and Ropes thereto belonging, will not be sufficient for those Purposes, it shall and may be lawful $0 and

for the said Commissioners, or any Seven of them, (Five being Commissioners for the Counties of Nor-

folk and Suffolk, and the City of Norwich)f at any of their Meetings at Great Yarmouth aforesaid, to di-

rect a further Sum of Two-pence, Part of the said Duty of Twelve-pence, to be raised, until the next

annual Meeting of the Commissioners to be appointed in pursuance of this Act; which further Sum of

Two-pence, when raised, and all such Sums as shall have arisen from the aforesaid Sum of Four-p. nce,

Part of the said Duty of Ten-pence, and shall then be remaining in Hand as a Surplus unexpended, and

also all such Sums as shall arise from the aforesaid Sum of Four-pence, for and during so long Time

only as the said additional Duty of Two-pence shall be raised, shall be applied and diipoled of by the

Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough of Great Yarmouth aforesaid, in repair-

ing, improving, and maintaining the said Haven, Pic*s, and Jettee, and the Capfterns, Cables, and Ropes

th reunto belonging, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Seven of them, ffive being

Commissioners for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and the City of Norwich) shall judge necellaiy,

and for no other Ufa or Purpose whatlocver.

. XV. Provided also, and it is hereby declared. That the said further Sum of Two-pc nee shall not be

raised and levied unless Notice in Writing, signed by Seven of the said Commissioners, (Five being Com-

missioners for the Counties of Norfolk and Stffo/k, and the City of Norwich) at a Meeting of the said

Commissioners at Great Yarmouth aforesaid, shall be first given to the Mayor, or Deputy Mayor, of the

said Borough for the d ime being respectively, that it is necessary to raise the said burn ol Two pence

for the Purposes aforesaid.

XVI. Provided also, That if at any Time or Times hereafter it shall appear to the said Com mi l7i oners,

or any Seven of them, (Five being Commissioners for the Counties of Norfolk and Sutfdk, and the City

of Norwich) that the said Haven shall be so fufliciently cleared and depthened, and the said Piers and

- Jettee, and the Capfterns, Cables, and Ropes thereunto belonging, shall be put in such good and sub-

llantial Repair and Condition that the said Haven may continue to be fufliciently cleared and depcbuied,

and the said Piers and Jettee, and the Capfterns, Cables, and Ropes thereunto belonging, may continue

to be in such good and fubilamial Repair and Condition, without collecting the whole Sum of Four-

X x a pence.

The left Men-

tioned 3 d. (halt

not be raided

without Notice,

that it it ab so-

il :eJy necessary.

How to be ap-

plied, if raised.

TheFour-peisce

(Part of the said

Duties) how to

be applied, except

when the further

Duty of Two-

pence shall he

raised.

K Four-pence

is not suffic ent,

the Comm ffion-

ers may raise the

additional Sum

of Two-pence.

The additional

Two-pence not

to be ra fed un-

lcfs Votue there-

of fiuli be ftift

given.

Proviso for f*.

vir.^ I’^rt (1 the

Four-pence Uu.

