A.D. 1773.'

Anno decimo, tertio Georgii III.

C. 45. 731

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Load called Methwold Loady together with the Methwold Load

South Bank thereof, from the Weft End of Thornbam Closes aforesaid, by the new Cut or Load to *,th ,h*

Stoke River aforesaid, so far as the said Common of Methwold extends 5 that is to say. To the Tunnel scoured,*

in the said River Bank at the End of the Dike or Drain (called Broad Fen Load) which parts the said &c. attheCofla

Common from the Severally shall, within Eighteen Calendar Months after the patting of this Act, of the Ldfce.

be scoured and cleansed, and the said Bank heightened and (Lengthened in such a Manner as effec-

tually to prevent the Waters from running over or breaking through the fame, at the Colts and Charges

of the Lettec or Lessees of the said Seycrals\ and that when the said Bank shall be so made, repaired,

and heightened, the said Lessee.or Lessees shall, at his or their own Costs and Charges, fence in Part

of the fame from the Common by a Soak Dike of the Width of Ten Feet, and Depth of Four Feet

and an Half, and with good and substantial Posts and Rails at each End of the said Bank, and quite

across the fame from the said Tunnel upwards along the said River and Load Bank, so far as an old

Dike now runs under or near to the said Bank, being opposite to the East Gate, which is on the

North Bank of the said Load $ and that when the fame shall by the View of Two Justices of the

Peace for the County of Norfolk he adjudged to be effectually scoured and cleansed, heightened and

(Lengthened, and fenced off and separatea from the Common in Manner aforesaid, then the said

Bank shall for ever after be repaired by the Commoners having Right of Common upon Methwold

Common \ but the said Load from the Weft End of Thornbam Closes to the said River shall forever

after be scoured and cleansed determined by and at the Charge of the said Lellee or Lessees, and all future Lefl'ee

«>r Lessees, or the Owner or Owners of the said Severals for the Time being.

XXV. And be it further enacted, Tfiat the Lessee or Lessees, Owner or Owners, of the saidownersof

Methwold Severalr, shall, at his and their own Expence, from Time to Time, keep in Repair the Tun- Methwold Se-

<nel in Broad Fen Load aforesaid, next to Stoke River, or may, at his or their Discretion, lay down, and v*rals to repai#

always keep in Repair, a new Tunnel there, so as the fame shall not be of less Dimenhons than the ?heBTuJlSl

present Tunnel; and that the Commoners of the said Common, and their Servants, shall, at all Times,

between Lady day and Michaelmas-day, Old Stile, in every Year, have free Liberty and Power to let

in Water through the said Tunnel for the Use of their Cattle, and also have the free Use of the ancient

and accustomed Watering-place in Methwold Load, near Thornbam Hills; and also occasionally, at any

Time between Michaelmas-day and Lady-day, Old Stile, in every Year, to let the Waters out of the

said Broad Fen Load into the common Drain leading therefrom to Sams's Cut j any Thing herein con-

tained to the Contrary notwitfiflanding.

XXVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners No Milltto

of the Two Distrids shall have no Power or Authority whatsoever, by virtue of this Act, to ered any th»#w Water in-

Mill or Engine for throwing Water within each of the said Distrids upon Sams's Cut Drain aforesaid, or to any River,

upon any other River, save and except the Rivers called Stoke River and Brandon River, except as ,

flk; 1 7 ' Brandon and

hereafter is mentioned.

XXVII. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to ex-

tend. to prevent Matthew Pepper Manly Esquire, his Heirs or Assigns, from using or employing

his Engine or Engines for the draining his present imbanked or other Lands, within the said First

District.

XXVIII. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Drain called Sams's

Cuty and the said Sluice called Hunt's Sluice, shall for ever, after the patting of this Act, be deemed the

joint common Work of the said Commissioners of the said Two Distrids, and shall be opened,

scoured, cleansed, and repaired, at the joint Costs and Charges of the said Two Distrids respec-

tively; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of either of the said Two Distrids,

or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and required, (with the Confet of Two

or more of the Commissioners acting by virtue of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of

His late Majesty herein-after recited), at any Meeting or Meetings, to order and direct the said Drain

*0 be made of the full Width of Twenty-four Feet at lead, to carry the Waters of the said Two

Distrids with ^greater Ease to the said River Ouze; and also, from Time to Time, to widen and

Ttpair the said Sluice called Hunt's Sluice, for the better and more easy draining the said Two

Distrids respectively; and, from Time to Time, to make and give such Orders and Direction3

for the repairing and maintaining the said Sluice, and for the cleansing, deepening, and scouring

out the said Drain as they shall think proper; and that the Costs and Charges of repairing and

maintaining the said Sluice, and of widening, (routing, and cleansing out the said Drain, except

such Part of the said Costs and Charges as is directed to be borne and paid by the Commis-

sioners acting by virtue of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His Majesty

King George the Second, intituled, An At7 for draining and preferring certain Fen Lands lying

in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level, be-

tween Brandon River and Sams’s Cut Drain, and for impowering the Governor, Bailiff's and

Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the said Great Level to Jell certain Lands within the

said Limits, commonly called I rive (tea Lands, shall be paid by the said Commissioners of the said Two

Distrids respectively, according to the Proportion of the Number of Acres in each respective

District, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act in each respective District.

XXIX. Provided

Stoke Rivers*.

Mr. Pepper

Manby’i Right

referred,

Sams’ Cut and

Hunt’s Sluice

to be secured

and repaired at

the joint CufU

of the T wo

Distrids.

