A.D. 1771.

r Anno undecimo Georgii III.

C.

3*<

189

Proviso.

Offcncei how

triable.

Saving of

Right* to thtf

City <A Edin-

burgh.

Public Alt*

Tart thereof, to such Person, upon his paying at the Rate of Three-pence Sterling for every hundred Words,

and so in proportion for any greater or leiler Number of Words.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Stent-masters of the Town of Leith for the

time being may notwithstanding, at all Times, be and exercise the Office of Commissioners under and by

virtue of this Act.

XXVII. And be it also enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Offence and Offences

committed again!}, and made punishable by this Act, {hall, in the first Instance, be tried and cognizable

before the Magistrates of the Town of Leith for the time being (notwithstanding of their being Commis-

sioners for putting this Act in Execution); and that all Parties having an Interest shall be at Liberty to

apply for Redress, in case of Wrong done, or apprehended to be done therein, by the said Magistrates, in

the same Manner, and by the like Form of Proceeding, as by the Laws now in being are allowed to be

done neainst the Decrees of Magistrates within Boroughs in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

XXVIII. Saving and reserving to the City of Edinburgh all Jurisdictions, Commodities, Rights, and

Privileges, competent and belonging to them within the Village of Leithy and other Places mentioned in

this Act, in the same Manner as the City and Community now have and enjoy the fame.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and

of which Notice shall, by all Courts in the Kingdom, be judicially taken, and all Judges, Justices, and

©ihcr Persons, arc hereby required to take Notice of it as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXL

An Act for the Encouragement of the White Herring Fishery.

€ 1X7 HEREAS the carrying on and Improvement of the British White Herring Fisheries are of great Preamble.

Importance to these Kingdoms, by increasing the Trade and Navigation thereof; and being a

4 Nursery for Seamen, and otherwise a Means of employing and providing for great Numbers of industrious

4 Poor, provided that reasonable Encouragement be given to such Persons as arc willing to carry on the

4 said Fisheries :* Therefore, and for the better Regulation of the said Trade, and for preventing Frauds

and impositions in the Management thereof, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assemblcdy and by the Authority of the same, That as an Encouragement to all Persons whatsoever,

as well Bodies Politic and Corporate as others, to engage in the said White Herring Fisheries, that, from

and after the twenty-second Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, a Bounty of Bounty of 30*.

thirty Shillings per Ton shall be paid annually, in Mannet1 as herein after provided for, to the Owner or per Ton on the

Owners of all decked Vessels from twenty to eighty Tons Burthen, which {hall be fitted out and employed VeflcU employed

in the said Fisheries, in Manner and under the Regulations herein after mentioned, and that for the Space in the

and Term of seven Years, from and after the said twenty-second Day of October^ one thousand seven hun-

dred and seventy-one, and to the End of the then next ensuing Session of Parliament.

II. And be rt also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Bounty of thirty Shillings per Ton Howandwhert

shall, for every Vessel or Vessels proceeding to the said Fisheries immediately from any Port or Place within the kail

that Part of Great Britain called England, be paid out of such Monies as shall be produced out of his Ma-

jesty’s Customs there; and for all other Vessels which {hall take their Departure from any Port or Place

within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, out of the Monies which shall be produced out of his

Majesty’s Customs or Excise within that Part of the united Kingdom last mentioned.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Protifo.

Persons shall be allowed or inritled to receive the Bounty herein before granted for any Buss or Vefie) which

shall not proceed directly upon the said Fishery from that Part of the united Kingdom to which such Buss

or Vessel shall belong, and where her Owners reside; and that the Master and Owners of such Buss or

Vessel shall take out their Licence from the Collector and Comptroller of the Port where such Buss or Vessel

was bona fide manned, victualled, furnished, accoutred, and fitted out for that Voyage; any Thing in this-

Act, or any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every such Buis or Vessel which shall be employed in the f2id All Buffo or

White Herring Fisheries, whose Owner or Owners shall be intitled to the Bounty of thirty Shillings per 10

Ton by virtue of this Act, shall be a decked Buss or Vessel, built in Great Britain after the first Day of dc<

January^ one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and shall proceed on the said Fisheries from some Port in

Great Britain, manned and navigated as by the Law now in Force is direct'd; and before such Buss or

Vessel proceed on such Voyage, or be intitled to the Benefit of this Act, (he shall be visited by such Officer

or Officers of the Customs belonging to such Port, who shall be appointed by the Commissioners of the

Customs to examine into such Buss or Vessel, and who shall take an Account of the Tonnage thereof by

Admeasurement, and shall certify such his or their Visitation, Examination, and Admeasurement, to the

Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs; and that she hath on board such a Quantity of Fishing nets,

and other Stores, to be used in the said Fishery, as herein after mentioned, and otherwise is a proper Vef-

fcl to be employed in the said Fishery; and upon its further appearing, by the Oath of one or more Owner

er Owners, or Agent appointed by them, and of the Master or chief Officer of such Vessel, written at the

Foot of the said Certificate, and made before the Collector or Comptroller of such Port, who are hereby

unpowered and required to administer the fame, That it is really and truly their firm Purpose and deter-

mined Resolution, that such Buss or Vessel shall proceed respectively, so manned, furnished, and accoutred,

either to Tarmuthy in the County of Norfolk; ft'hitebaven> in the County of Cumberland; Leith^ in the

County

