374 C.'t8.'

Inhabiting li-

able to adiiional

AsselTment, at

by y Geo*

III.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1772.-

Certain Street!

ex-mp d until

the Inhabitants

are of Ability to

contribute to-

wsrds paving, See.

Prorifa*

-XXXIV, Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any additional Assessment shall be

laid upon the Inhabitants of the said P*ri(h of Chatham, for repairing the Highways within the said

Rari(h, by the Justices of the Peace at their General or Quarter-sessions of the Peace to be holden

at Maidjhnc in and for the said County, in pursuance of an A& of the Seventh Year of His present

Majesty’s. Reign* for the-Amendment and rrefervation of the publick Highways of this Kingdom,

the. Inhabitants of the High Street and Lanes adjoining thereto {hall be, and they are hereby declared,

to be, fubjodt <uad liable to pay their Proportion of such additional Assessment \ any Thing in this Act

contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

4 XXXV. And whereas there are several Streets and Places called King Street, Queen Street, and

Cross S/nv/,situate at a certain Place called Smith fie Id Bank, and also the said Bank adjoining to the

4 Town, and also several Houses near the Church in the Village called Brampton, in the said Parish

4 of Chatham, the Owners, Proprietors, and Inhabitants of which Estates are not of Ability to defray

the Expense of -new-paving, cleansing, and lighting the fame, under the Regulations of this Act y

be it therefore enabled, That it shall not be lawful for the.said Commissioners appointed to put this

K&t in Execution, to order or direct any of the said Streets or Places to be new-paved or*repaired^

cfeanfed, or lighted; nor shall any Rate or Assessment be made by virtue of this Act for the Purposes

of paving, repairing, cleansing, or lighting, any Part of the Streets and Lanes on Smithfield Bank, and

Places aforesaid; any Thing in this Act contained to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXV I. Provided nevertheless, That if at any Time hereafter the Proprietors or Owners of the said

Estates, and Inhabitants thereof, which are exempted from being new-paved, lighted, and cleansed, as

aforesaid, shall be of Ability to pave, repair, light, and cleanse the fame, to be determined oh a Petition

of the major Part of the Proprietors of'Estates, and Inhabitants, living within the said Streets and Lanes,*

to the Corpmissiontrs for executing this Act* then, and from thenceforth, such particular Streets and

Places shall be subject to be paved and repaired, and kept in Repair,4n such Manner, and by such Ways

and Means, as the several Streets and Lanes which are under the Direction of the said Commissioners,

can or may'be paved and repaired and for the Purpose of lighting and cleansing such particular Streets

and Places, One Rate or Assessment shall be laid and assesseaon all and every Person and Persons who

do or shall inhabit,-hold, or occupy, any Houses or Tenements whatsoever in such particular Street*

and Places* so as fetch Rate or Assessment shall not exceed in the whole, in any One Year,; the Sum of

Four-jpence in the Pound, in Confederation of their Proportion of Statute-work.

C#mm«ffionert XXXVII. And fee it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commtf-

»ay borrow Mo- feoners, or any* Seven or more of them, from Time to'Time, to borrow, either by mortgaging the fai‘4

iey, by mort- Rath *nd Assessment, or on Life Annuities, any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes of this Act,

not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds; and if borrowed by Mort-i

Page, to assign over, by Writing* signed by any Seven or more of the said Commissioners, all or any

art of the Rate and Assessment directed to be made by virtue of this Act, as a Security for the Repay*

roent of the Principal and Interest of the Money to be borrowed.

4 XXXVIII. And whereas many Persons may chuse to advance Money for the Purchase of Annuities,

4 to be secured upon, gnd payable out of, the said Rate and A^e^ment, it is hereby enacted, That it

shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands

^ of the said Commissioners, for the Purposes of this Act* any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding

1 in the Whole, either by Mortgage or Life Annuities, of both, the Sum of One thousand five hundred

Pounds, for the absolute Purchase of One or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during

the full Term of the natural Lives of such Persons, being of the Age of Forty Years or upwards, as shall

be nominated by or on the Behalf of such respective Contributors, at the Time of Payriient of their re-

*hich Annuity spective Contribution-monies; which Annuity or Annuities shall not exceed the Rate of Nine Pounds

*ocej^ecd9l« far Centum per A num for every One hundred Pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum

TT 111 to be advanced and paid as aforesaid; All which Annuities, so to be purchased, shall be payable and

€ paid by the said Commissioners, out of the Monies to arise by or from the said Rate or Assessment, by

Four equal Quarterly Payments $ the First Payment to be made to the respective Purchafprs/ or their

> Afii&ns,at the Expiration of the First Quarter after Payment of their respective Purchase-monies, the

Rate whereof shall be settled and adjusted by a publick Sale of the said Annuities by the said Commis-

feoners, and the bed Bidder for the fame.

XXXIX. Provided always, and it is.hereby further enacted. That when and as often as any such An-

nuitants shall die, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to purchase of the said Com-

missioners One or -more Annuity or Annuities, upon the Life 0/ such Persons, and upon such Terms

gnd Conditions, and payable in such Manner, as above mentioned, so that the Sum or Sums to be

contributed for the Purchase of any Annuities to be granted by virtue of this Act, shall at no One

Time exceed the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds,

_ ________ XL. And is hereby enacted, That the Clerk of the said Commissionera for the Time being, shall

ali sicuHtTe* for enter in a Book or Books, to be provided for that Purpose, all Securities for Monies borrowed, or Ah-

<Monic« borrow, nuities granted, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, and all Assignments or Transfers thereof, ex-

pressing, in Words at Length, the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode, and other Dc-

(criptions of the Persons for whose Lives the said Annuities shall be respectively granted, and the Days

whereon the said Annuities shall respectively be payable 5 to which Book and Hooks the Person or

Persons* intitled to and possessed of such Annuities, and all and every Person or Persone liable to the.

Payment of the said Rates and Aflclfments, shall, at all lcasonable Times, have AcceL, with free

Liberty to inspect the fame without fee or Reward.

t XLL

gaging the AC-

fcdfmem

and by Annui-

ties on Lives

If Annuitant#

die, any Person

jnay purchase

Annuities for

their Lives.

Clerk * enter

framed.

