560 0; 64.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1772.

Penalty an Mi-

aiders taking

larger Rent*

than those set-

Jtfintftera of the

other Churches

in Birmingham

Jiot capable of

/Trustees may

build Vaults,

(ell them.

Ministers of the said Chapels shall have Power, immediately after such Event shall happen, to let the

fame Sittings to such Person or Persons as they shall think proper, subject to the rrovisions afore-

said.

XXI. And belt further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the respective Ministers of the

said respective Chapels* or his or their respective Successors, shall at any Time take, demand, or re-

ceive, any greater Rent for such Pews or Seats, or any of them, than shall be settled by the said Truf-

tiedY^etruf-tees* *n Manner afere'said, or shall receive or take, or permit to be received or taken, any Fine, Gra-

ces, 1 m tuity. Fee, or Reward, fro n any Person or Persons, as a Consideration for letting such Sittings, such

Minister oj>M^nifters so offending, shall, upon Complaint made thereof by the said Trustees residing

within the Towh of Birmingham, or any Five or more of them, to the Bishop of the Diocese for the

Time being, and upon Proof of such Demand, taking or receiving, or permitting to be taken or re-

ceived upon the Oath of a credible Person or Persons not interested in the said Pews or Seats, (which

Oath the said Bishop is hereby required and impowered to administer), forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five

.Pounds, at the Discretion of the said Bishop; which Penalty shall and may be recovered by Action at

Law, with full Costs of Suit, in which Action no Elloin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more xbaa

One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nt>

Person or Persons who are or shall be Rector, Curate, or Reader, of either of the Parish Churches, or

the Chapel of Saint Bartholomew, of Birmingham aforesaid, shall be capable of holding the Office of

being Mimfterof Minister of either of the respective new Chapris, during fu h Time as they shall h*ld any of the Offices

Cha «is. *" or Cures aforesaid; nor shall one Minister be capable of holding both the said Chapels.

— - XXIII. And, for raising Money to carry the said Deiign into Execution, be it further enacted by

the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, shall, and they are

hereby authorised and impowered, if they think fit, to build Vaults under the said respective new*

'Chapels, to be applied and made use of as Re pofitories for the Dead, which Vaults may be so sub-

■ divided into so many Parts or letter Vaults, as the said Trustees shall order and direct; and the said

Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to grant,

fell, or dispose of such Vaults, or any of them, as well before as after Consecration of the said respec-

tive Chapels, to such Person or Persons who shall be willing or desirous of purchasing the fame for

Burial-places; and.the Money arising by Sale thereof, before Consecration, shall be applied towards

building and finishing the said respective Chapels; and the^loney arising by such Sale, aft r Confe-

deration thereof, shall be applied towards the ornamenting and beautifying tbc said respective Chapels,

.or in any other Manner relating to the said respective Chapels, as the said Trustees, or any Nine or

more of them, by Writing under their Hand*, lnall direct and appoint, and to no other life or Purpose

whatsoever.

-No Vaults to be XXIV. Provided always, That no Vaults or separate Places of Burial shall be set apart or appropri-

set apart. ated to the particular Use of any Person or Persons in the said respective Chapel-yards or Ceme-

teries.

*No Gravesi?the XXV. Provided also, That the Floors of the said respective Chapels shall not be broken or taken up

Cha,els. for the Burial of any Corpse.

, Fees for XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Repre-

fentative or Representatives of any deceased Person or Persons shall be desirous of having the Corpse of

,such deceased Person or Persons buried in the Vaults of the said respective new Chapels, or in the said

new Chapel-yards or Coemcteries, by the Minister or Ministers of the said respective new Chapels,

such Person or Persons shall pay to the Minister or Miniftefs of the said respective new Chapels double

the Fees usually paid for Burials at the Church of Saint Martin; out of which the Ministers of the said

respective new Chapels shall be answerable and accountable for, and shall pay, or cause to be paid, to

the Rector, Curate, and Clerk of the said Parish Church of Saint Martin, their ancient and accustomed

Tees.

XXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained

shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice, impeach, or defeat, any Right, Title, Interest,

Claim, or Demand, of the Rectors of either of the said Parish Churches of Birmingham aforesaid, or

the Curates or other Officers of the said Churches, or their Successors respectively, of any Tithes,

^Offerings, Surplice Fees, Oblations, Obventions, and other Ecclesiastical Rights, Dues, Fees, Duties,

Benefits, or Advantages, arising within the said Parishes, and belonging to them, or any of them re-

spectively; but the said Tithes, Offerings, Surplice Fees, Oblations, Obventions, and other Eccle-

fiastical Rights, Dues, Fees, Duties, Benefits, and Advantages, shall be paid and payable in the fame

Manner as (hey were respectively before the patting of this Act, or would or ought to have been, in

case the fame had not been made; any Thing in this Act contained to the Contrary notwith-

standing.

♦Kear/Trusteei to XXVIII. And, for continuing a sufficient Number of Trustees to put this Act in Execution,’ be it

he eleacd in the further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as often as the Trustee or Trustees, to be

STdi ic appointed by virtue of this Act, shall be reduced to the Number of Twenty, it shall be lawful for

1 1C> c* any Nine or more of the said Trustees to call a Meeting, and to elect, by Majority, Five or more Per-

fons to act as fruttees 5 and such of the said Trustees as shall survive or remain, shall, and they are

.hereby authorised and required, by Writing under their Hands, to elect, nominate, and appoint. Five

9r. more fit Persons in the Room of such Trustees so dying or ^efufing to act as aforesaid, so and in

4 such

Reservatioa of

/X'&hts,

