A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 54. 311

curity or Securities for the several Sumsfo borrowed, with legal or less Interest for the fame; which Interest

shall be payable half-yearly, and paid by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, out of the

Monies to arise by or from the Rates or Assess'ments to be made by virtue of this Act.

4 L XIX. And whereas many Persons may chuse to advance Money for the Purchase of Annuities, to be For borrowing

€ secured upon and payable out of the said Rates and Assessments Be it further enacted, That it shall and Monies by An.

may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the faid“'dbe*on

Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the

fame, for the Uses and Puipofcs of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the

Sum of one thousand Pounds, for the absolute Purchase of one or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid

and payable during the full 'Term of the natural Life of every such Contributor or Contributors respec-

tively, or the natural Life of such other Person or Persons as shall be nominated by or on Behalf of such

Contributor or Contributors respective!y, at the 'Lime of Payment of his, her, or their resp etive Contri-

but'OR-money, so as the said Annuity or Annuities do not exceed the Rate of nine Pounds by the hundred

by the Ye^r, and so in Proportion for any greater or lefier Sum to be paid as aforesaid ; and Cj as the said

Annuities to be purchased in pursuance of this Act do not, at any Time, exceed in the Whole the Sum of

cne thouianJ PcFnid*.

LXX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That the better to enable the Commissioners toAnmfit,nt,

raise Money to pay the Money borrowed on the said Rates, and until the said Sum of one thousand Pounds, ™uyr a

to be borrowed by virtue of this Act, (lull be fully paid and Ltisfied, that when and as often as any such for

Annuitant or Annuitants shall die, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to purchase of the thari-ite*.

laid Commissioners, or any five or more of them, one or more Annuity or Annuities, in the Room of such

Annuitant or Annuitants so dying, upon the Life of such Person or Persons, upon such Terms and Condi-

tions, and payable in such Manner as above mentioned, so that the Sum or Sums to be contributed for the

Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities to be granted by virtue of this Act shall at no Time exceed the said

Sum of one thousand Pounds.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased under and Anno'*ita

by virtue of this Act, shall be, and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable, from time

time, out of the Monies arising by the Rates and AUeflments aforesaid ; and all and every the Contributor111' *

and Contributors upon the Credit of this Act, duly paying the Consideration or Purchase-money as afore-

said, for any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, or his, her, or their respective Executors, Admini-

strators, and Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be intitled by virtue of this Act, to have, receive,

and enjoy, the respective Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased out of the said Rates and Assessments by

this Act appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid, during the Term of the natural Life of the Person to

be nominated by each Purchaferor Contributor as before mentioned : And that all and every such Purchaser

or Purchasers, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have good, sure, absolute, and in-

dcfeafible Estates and Interests in the Annuity or Annuities so by him, her, or them respectively to be pur-

chafed, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act : And that none of the said Annuities shall

now, or hereafter, be subject or liable to the Tax charged, or to be charged, upon Land by Authority of

Parliament; and that every Contributor for the Purchase of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, his,

her, or their Assigns, upon Payment of the Consideration or Purchase-money, shall have a Receipt or Re-

ceipts for the fame; and also an Order on Parchment (which may be made without any Stamp) for Pay-

ment of the said Annuity or Annuities, for and by four equal quarterly Payments in every Year, the first of

the said Payments to be made at the Expiration of the first Quarter next after Payment of the respective Pur-

chafe-monies; which Order shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them ; and

after signing thereof, the fame shall be firm, valid, and of good Effect in the Law, according to the true

Purport and Meaning of this Act.

LXXII. And be it further enacted. That the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the time bein£ shall toentcf

enter in a Book or Books, to be for that Purpose provided and kept by the said Commissioners, all Securi- Monlttborrew!*

ties for Monies borrowed or Annuities granted by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, and all Alignments ored>0r Annuities

Transfers thereof, expressing in Words at Length the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode, grimed,

and other Descriptions of all such Persons as shall from time to time be intitled to such Securities, and the

Sums received upon such Securities; and also the Name, Surname, Addition, Place of Abode, and other

Description of every Person for whose Life any Annuity shall be granted by virtue of this Act, and the Days

whereon the said Annuity shall be payable, to which Book and Books the Person and Persons intitled to and

f>o(Tcfied of such Annuity, and having lent any Monies as aforesaid, and all and every the Person or Person9

iable to the Payment of the said Rates and Aflcfiments shall, at all reasonable Times, have Access, with

free Liberty to insped the fame, without Fee or Reward.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons Assignment*

intitled to any of the Securities aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, at T11? be transc

any Time or Time , by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands respectively, to assign or transfer fcrr,d*

such Securities by Indorsement on the Back thereof, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, and so totter quo-

tier ; and such Assignments or Transfers, after they shall respectively be entered by the Clerk to the said Afiipnmenti to

Commissioners in Manner aforesaid, which he is hereby required to do without Fee or Reward, dial! intitle gC *£tered

the Person or Persons to whom they shall be respectively made, and his, her, or their respective Execu- °

tors, Administrators, or Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security or Securities so assigned or transferred.

LXXIV. And be it further enadrd, That all Monies raised or collected by virtue or by means, or Money vefledin

tinder the Authority of this Act, shall be, and the fame are hereby vested in the said Commissioners, and Com«Ufion«w#

Aull be applied for the Purposes of this Act, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

LXXV. Provided

