A.D. 1772 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. 0.41. 503

X. And be it further em&cd, That the Money arising from the Grant or Sale of such Annuities, The Money shall

after the said original Sum of Ten thousand Pounds shall have been raised, shall, from Time to Time, aarp^w0t0

be applied by the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, towards paying and discharging the fe- b0ru>wed,°n7

veial Sums of Money borrowed at Loan or Interest on the Credit of the said Act, until the whole Sum

so borrowed at Loan, or Interest, shall be discharged and paid off; and that when and as often as there

shall be any Money in the Hands of the said Trustees, from the Grant or Sale of the said Annuities,

the Names of the Creditors for the Sum so borrowed at Loan, or Interest, shall, from Time to Time, be

drawn by Lot; and the Sums due to any such Creditor or Creditors, whose Name or Names shall be so

drawn, shall, upon Six Calendar Months Notice having first been given to him or them by the said

Trustees, or any Five or more of them, be discharcharged and paid oft'.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the Clauses and Powers in the said Act contained, (except Clauses of the

such as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), shall extend, and be construed to extend, to this Act, [*^1 toitoi*

as fully and effectually as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in this present Act. n c

XII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of passing this Act, and The Charge* of

all other Charges incident to the obtaining thereof, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed, out of the Mo u

nies arising by virtue of the said former or this Act. ' c c raye

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Information, Order, Judg-Writing* to be

ment, Conviction, Warrant, Mortgage, Alignment, Transfer, or other Security for the borrowing of without Stamp*.

Money, or other Writing whatsoever relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be charged or charge-

able with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Limitation tf

Persons for any thing done in pursuance of the said former Act, or this Act, until Twenty-one Days Aaion8*

Notice shall be thereof given in Writing to the Cleric or Treasurer to the said Trustees; or after fuJf*

ficient Satisfaction, or Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved; or after Six

Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall

be so brought; and all such Actions or Suits shall be.laid and tried in the County of Middlesex, and not

in any other County or Place; and that the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions, Suit

and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter,

in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon; and that the Matter or Thing, for or

on which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be brought, was.done in pursuance and by the

Authority of this Act: And if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall

appear that such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose li-

mited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury or Juries shall find

for the Defendant or Defendants therein: And if a Verdict shall be found for such Defendant or De-

fendants* or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become non-

suited, or fufter a Discontinuance of such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits; or if, upon a Demurrer or

Demurrers in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or

Defendants therein ; then, and in either of the Cafes aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have

Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants Tlt™e

may have for his, her, or their Costs, in other Cafes by Law.

XV. And be it further enacted. That this Act shall be allowed in all Courts whatsoever as a Publick A£;

Act; and all Judges,}uftices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such,

without specully pleading the same.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for Building a Bridge over the River Thames, near the Town of Maidenhead, in the

County of Berks.

4 "ITT HER E AS the Mayor, Bridge-masters, and Burgesses of the Town of Maidenheth, otherwise Pmable*

4 VV Maidenhead, in the County of Berks% for the Time being, are, by virtue of several Charters,

€ the foie Owners and Proprietors of a Timber Bridge over the Riv-*r Thames, called Maindenheth,

4 otherwise Maindenhead Bridge^ and the Passage and Way thereon, and are intitled to receive and take

4 certain Tolls therein particularly mentioned for Pontage and Passage over and under the said Bridge*

4 but those Tolls are very unequally laid, and not duly proportioned: And whereas the said Timber

4 Bridge is narrow and incommodious, and so greatly decayed, that, in the Opinion of able and expe-

€ rienced Workmen, it ought to be taken down, and a new Bridge built: And whereas the said Mayor*

4 Bridge-masters, and Burgesses, are desirous, for the Accommodation of the Publick, to build a new

4 Bridge over the said River near the present Bridge; but, by an Estimate made of the Expence there-

4 of, it appears, that the Tolls they now receive by virtue of their Charters for passing over and under

4 the present Bridge will not be fufheient to defray the Expence of erecting a-safe and commodious

4 Bridge; and therefore it is necessary to make some other Provisions for the fame, which cannot be

4 done without the Aid of Parliament: In order therefore to enable the said Mayor, Btidge-masters, and

4 Burgesses, to build a.proper and convenient Bridge, and to defray the Expence thereof, and of keep-

4 ing the fame in Repair for ever ; may it please Your Majesty that it may be ennfted;’ and be it enac-

ted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi'itual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

That

