776 C. 49.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

entered in

Bookt.

Sating the

Rights of the

Company of

Cuufcrvator?.

A.D. 1773.

fairly entered in the fame; and that no. Accounts shall be passed and allowed, unlcf- the fame shall

be kept and made up in such Books as aforesaid ; and that Once in every Year, to wit, at their said

Firil Meeting next after the First Monday in July, they the said Commissioners, assembled at such

^ iMeeting, (lull carefully inspect and examine the Receipts and Disbursements of all such Monies as

' shall be received and disbursed by virtue of this Act't to the Twenty-fourtn Day of June next before

such Meeting, and all Vouchers relating thereto; and that upon Inspection and Examination of the

laid Accounts, upon Oath, to be administered by any One or more of the said Commissioners, which

Oath any One or more of the said Commissioners is and are hereby impowered to administer, the

Did Commissioners are hereby impowered and directed to allow and pass the said Accounts, or such

Part or Parts thereof as shall appear to them just and reasonable ; and the said Accounts, or such

Part or Parts thereof as shall be lo allowed by the said Commissioners, under their Hands, shall be

fairly entered in a Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose by the said Commissioners ; which said

Book or Books shall and may be inspectcd and perused at all feasonable Times, by any Owner or

Owners of the said Lands, or any. Parts thereof.

Precrtdings to be XVil. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Orders and Proceedings of

the said Commissioners, at their said several Meetings, (hall- be entered in a Book or Books to be-

kept for that Purpose; and such Orders and Proceedings so entered, shall he signed by the Commis-

sioners th n prefsnt, or the major Part of them ; and that such Orders so signed shall be deemed ami

taken to be original Orders, as fully and effectually as if the fame were under the Hands and Seals

of the said Commissioners ; and *hat such Book or Hooks shall and may be inspected and perused at-all

feasonable Times by any Owner or Owners of the said Lands, without Fee or Reward, and shall and

may be produced and read in Evidence of all Cafes of Suits or A&ious, touching any Thing done u

pursuance and by the Authority of this Act.

XVIIL. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That this A&, or any Thing herein

contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend to invalidate, lessen, diminish, ataf; or take

away* any of the Rights, Powers, or Authorities vested in the Governor, BaiJiffe, or Commonalty,

of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford, Level% or in the

said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, by virtue of an Act*. made io the Fifteenth Year of the

Reign of King Charles the Second, (and intituled, An Act for settling the draining of the Great Level

of the Fens, called Bedford Level), or by virtue of any other Act or Statute whatsoever ; but that all

Rights, Powers, and Authorities whatsoever, which by virtue of the said Act of the Fifteenth of King

Charles the Second, or of any other Act or Statute whatsoever, now are vested in the said Governor*^.

Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, or any of them,

shall for ever hereafter remain, continue, and be in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty,

or in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, and every of them, as fully and amply, to all

Intents and Purpose s, as if this Act had never been made*

XIX. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act con-

tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, alter, or take away, any of the Clauses,

Powers, and Authorities, given by the said former Act to the Commissioners acting by virtue and in

pursuance thereof; but that every Clause, Power, and Authority, therein contained, (lull remain and'

be in the fame Force and Effedi, as if this .Act had never been.

XX. Provided alffi, and be it hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any

Action, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for

any Thing done, or to be done, in pursuance of this Ayl> or in ,the Execution of any of the Powers

and Author ties hereby given, every such Action, Suit, or Information, shall, be commenced or

prosecuted within Six Calendar Months next after the Fadl committed, and not afterwards, and

shall be I; id or brought in the said lfle of Ely, or in the County of Cambridge, and not ejfe-

where ; and the Defendant of Defendants In such Action or Suit shall and may plead the .General

IiYtie, and i( in Replevin jaftify and avow by virtue of this Afl, as Persons acting under . and by

Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do ; and shall and may, without specDH#

pleading the same, other than as aforesaid, at any 'Trial to be had thereupon, give this Act, and the

Special Matter, in Evidence, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by Authority of this

Act: And if the fime shall appear to have Ixren so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be

brought after the'Time herein-before limited for bringing the fame, or shall be brought or laid in

any ocher County or Liberty than in the said County of Cambridge, or in toe Liberty of the said Ife

of Ely* then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant, or Avow^nts ; or if the

Plaimift iha 11 become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution, or shall discontinue his, her, or their Action

or Action*;, Suit or Suits * or if any Verdict shall pass, or upon Demurrer or otherwise. Judgement

shall be given against1 the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs*; then, and in any of the» said Cafes, the Defendant or

Defendants* Aowant or Avow.uiD. shall recover Ticble Costs, and have such and the like Rem.cics

for th* fame, as wneic Colts by Law are awarded^

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Au'lvowtv aforesaid. That this Act shall be deemed,

tak n. and allowed to be a Publick Act ; and all judges. Just-ices, and other Persons, are hefeby

requnxd to take Notice thereof as such, without ("pedal ly pleading the same*

Sot to alter the

Powers of the

roinicr Act.

l/mita*ion of

Actions.

General IfToe.

brittle CoIL*

Publick Act,

C P*

