A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 53*54* 53

CAP. LIU. ’

An Act to enable the Lords of the Treasury to discharge the Executors of Lady Anne Jekyllfrom a

D^bt due to His Majesty, for the Use of the Sinking Fund, upon Payment of the fame into the

Exchoquer.

CAP. LIV.

An Act for the more effectually securing a Quantity of Oak Timber for the Use of the ,

Royal Navy.

4 ‘WHEREAS he Tonnage of the Ships employed, and of those now building, in order to bep,^

employed in the Service of the United Company of Merchants in England, trading to the

4 East Indies, doth greatly exceed the Tonnage of Shipping requisite to carry on the Trade of the said

4 United Company, to and from the East Indies: And whereas the building any more Ships for the

4 Service of the said United Company, until those which are now employed, or building to be em-

4 ployed as aforesaid, shall be reduced in Tonnage to the Quantity requisite for carrying on the said

4 Trade, will occasion an unnecessary Consumption of Oak Timber, fit for building large Ships; for

4 Remedy whereof, and for the more ed'edlually securing a Quantity of Oak Timber of a proper

4 Growth for the Use of the Royal Navy j* be ir enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present

Parliament all'embled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the Eighteenth Day of After March iff*'

March, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, the said United Com 1772, the East

pany of Merchants trading to the East Indies, or any Person or Persons employed by the said Com- IlKl,a Company

pany, or any of their Dirtdors, or any of them, shall not build, or begin to build, or cause any Per- "Ji s° rthofe

son or Persons whatsoever to build, or begin to build, any new Ship (except those now building), for no^ building ex-

the Service of the said United Company, until the Tonnage of the Ships employed, or to be lted),

employed in the Trade of the said Company, on Freight to and from the East lndiesy shall be reduced tui the Tonaage

to Forty-five thousand Tons, Builders Measurement, on Pain that the said Company, and every other be reduced to

Person and Persons so offending shall, for every Ship which shall be built, or begun to be built, con- 45>ooooTon,#'

trary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five thousand Pounds of law-

ful Money of Great Britain: One Moiety whereof shall be for the Use of His Majesty, His Hdirs

and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, together with full Costs of Suit, for the Use of such Per-

son or Persons who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of'

His Majesty’s Courts of Record at WeslmirJlcry wherein no Elloin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or

more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Eighteenth Day

of March, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, until the Tonnage of all the Ships employed, ^J'tcror bile*0

or to be employed, in the Service of the said United Company trading to the East Indiesy on Freight 0Bicff -

to and from the East Indies, shall be reduced to Forty-five thousand Tons, Builders Measurement, the built before

said United Company, or any Person or Persons employed by the said Company, or any of their Di- March 18,1771.

redors, or any of them, shall not in any Manner whatsoever charter, contractor, or hire any Ship

for the Use of the said Company, unless such Ship have been built, or begun to bz built, on or before Penalty of

the said Eighteenth Day of March, One thousand seven handred and seventy-two, on Pain that the 5ocjo."for each

said Company, and every other Person or Persons so offending (hill, for every Ship which shall be so Offence,

chartered, contracted for, or hired as last mentioned, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five thousand Pounds

of like lawful Money; One Moiety thereof to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and

the other Moiety thereof, together with full Costs of Suit to the Use of the Person or Persons

who shall sue for the same; to be recovered in Manner aforesaid.

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein- Nothing hefeii* -

before contained shall be deemed, or construed to extend, to prohibit the said United Company from conuinedtoPrf*

building, comrading for, or hiring, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of this Act, any conf*

Ship or Ships whatsoever in India, or in any of His Majesty’s Colonies in Ahierica, for their Use or

Service; or from building, contracting for, or hiring within this Kingdom, during the Continuance the Colonies*

of this Act, any Ship or Ships, not exceeding Six in Number in the Whole, nor in Burthen Three ia I©dia.

hundred Tons respectively, to be employed as Packets, or Advice Boats, in the said United Company’s

Service, and that all such last-mentioned Ships which shall be built in India, or in any of his Ma-

yfly’s Colonies in America, shall be, to all Intents and Purposes> considered and deemed to be British-

built Ships; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person shall be sued by I*Persons are

Action of Debt for any pecuniary Forfeiture or Penalty imposed by this it shall be sufficient for

the Plaintiff in such Action to declare that the Defendant is indebted to him in the Sum of Five, J* V/.a<tf

thousand Pounds, being forfeited by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Hf$ prefint

Majesty, For the more ejfequally securing a Quantity of Oak Timber for the Use of the Royal Navy.

t V. An

