A. IX 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 84.

{in cajt the Tru/ieet shall think fit to name the Perf on), for the making and erecting such Engine, and do

1nfpedl and take care that the fame is properly done: And we do order the Gate-keeper at the said

Gate or Bar for the Time being to attend the said Weighing Engine, and carefully to weigh all Car-

riages passing, loaded upon the said Road, at the Place where such Engine shall be erected, together

with the Loading thereof, and to take the several additional Tolls or Rates for Ovei*weight, and givfc

Tickets of the Weight of such Carriages and Loading, when required by the Driver thereof, ac-

cording to the Directions of the said Act; and also to enter in a separate Book, to be kept by him for

that Purpose, an Account of every Carriage so weighed, which {hall, with the Loading, exceed the

Weights allowed by the said Act, and account to us for the Money received for all such Over-

weight,

(To besigned by Five at Uqft of the Trustees.)

No. II.

TABLE of Weights allowed in Winter and - Summer to Carriages directed to Be

weighed, including the Carriage and Loading, by the Act of the Thirteenth Georgt

the Third.

^O every Waggon upon Rollers, of the Breadth of Sixteen Inches,

To every Waggon with Nine Inch Wheels, rolling a Surface of Sixteen Inches

on each Side,

To every Waggon with Nine Inch Wheels,

To every Car with Nine Inch Wheels,

To every Waggon with Six Inch Wheels,

To every Waggon with Six Inch Wheels, rolling a Surface of Eleven Inches*

To every Cart with Six Inch Wheels,

To every Waggon with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches*

To every Cart with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches*

Satntoer, Wiatar.

Tom.Owt. ToniCwt*

8 — 7 *-

> 6 10 6 —

1 6 — 5

3 — *J

4 5 3 *5

S 1° 5 —

1 12 7

3 & 3 —

1 lOd - T

No. III.

Agreement between Trustees of different Turnpike Roads, for erecting One Weighing

Engine for the Use of such Roads.

At a Meeting of the Trustees of the Turnpike Roads, under an Act staffed in the Tear

of the Reign of King George the for [State the Principal Part of the Title of the AA],

and also of the Trustees of the Turnpike Roads, under an Act, Passed in the Tear of thi

Reign oj King George the for (See. as aoove) held at the

Day of 17 for the Purppfe of agreeing upon and ordering a

Weighing Engine, at the joint Expence of the Trustees^for the U[e of the said fever a I Turnpike Roads,

pursuant to the Powers given by an Act, pasted in the Thirteenth tear of the Reign of His Majesty King

George the TIArd, for regulating the Turnpike Reads*

T T appearing to us, That a Weighing Engine may be erected at (feferibing the

JL Soot where it can be most conveniently placed), which will accommodate both the said Turnpike

Roads, according terthe true Intent and Meaning of the said Act; and do therefore orddr, etc, (as in

the Form above mentioned) and we do hereby agree and order. That the Expences of making and erect-

ing the said Weighing Engine, and the Sum of which we do hereby agree

and order, shall be paid to the Toll-gathefer attending the said Toll-gate for the Time being, weekly,

for his extraordinary Trouble in attending the said Weighing Engine, shall be advanced and paid by

the Treasurers of the said several Turnpike Roads, in the Snares and Proportions following; videlicet,

That the Treasurer of the Road shall pay (One Half), (Two-thirds),

or (Three-fourths), Parts thereof, (as the Trustees shall agree), and the Treasurer of the

Road shall pay the remaining (One Half), One-third), or (Onefourth). Part thereof 5 and that the

Money to be received at the said Weighing Engine, by Forfeitures for Overweight, shall be paid to

the said respective Treasurers* in the like Proportions, and applied by them for the Use of the said re-

spective Turnpike Roads.

VOL. XI.

6 B

Complaint

