210

c* 33-

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1771.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Treasurer or Treasurers, Colk&or or Collector*

Officers or other Persons, shall happen to die or become Bankrupt before he or they shall have fully paid

and satisfied all the Monies by him or them received by virtue of this Act, then, and in every such Cai'e, the

Executors, Administrators, Executrix, Adminiffratrix, or other legal Reprefcnrative or Keprefeniatives*

or Person or Persons possessing the Effate and Effects of every such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or

ColleHors, Officer or Officers, or other Person, or the Assignee or Assignees of such Bankrupt, {hall, out

of such Estate and Effects, pay unto the Treasurer or Treasurers for the time then being to the said Com-

missioners, all such Sums of Money as should be in the Hands of such Persons respectively, at the Time of

his or their Death, or at the Time of suing out any Commission of Bankruptcy against him or them* and

not paid over, or so much thereof as the said Estate or EfteHs will extend to pay; and the Receipt or Re-

ceipts of the said Treasurer or Treasurers {hall be a good Discharge for the said Money j and every Execu-

for or Administrator, Assignee or Assignees, or other Persons as aforesaid, may, to any Action or Suit com-

menced or brought against him, her, or them, plead or give in Evidence the Authority of this Act for such

Payment, and shall be allowed the fame prior to any Debt or Demand whatsoever; and in case of Non-

payment of the fame by the Space of five Years after the fame {hall have been demanded, it shall and may

be lawful to and for the Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being to such Commissioners, and he or they

is and are hereby directed and required, in his or their own Name or Names, to commence one or more

AH ion or Actions, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, against such Executors, Ad-

niinistrators, Assignee or Assignees, or other Persons as aforesaid, for the Recovery of the fame; in which

Action no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, {hall be allowed.

Treasurer to pay XC. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treafuier or Treasurers to the said

Monies drawn Commissioners as aforesaid for the time being, shall and may, and is and are hereby authorised and re-

quired, out of the Monies paid to him or them, in pursuance of this Act, to pay all Sums of Money drawn

upon him or them, or ordered to be paid by such Commissioners, or any (even or more of them, for the

Purpolbs of this Act; and the said Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being shall, and is and are hereby

required to keep regular and fair Entries in a Book or Books, to be by him or them for that Purpose pro-

vided, of all and singular the Receipts and Payments which he or they shall make as aforesaid; to which

Book or Books, every Inhabitant within the Limits of this Act shall and may have free Access at all con-

venient Times, and mall be permitted to inspecl the fame without Fee or Reward; and also that the Trea-

surer or Treasurers for the time being shall have the said Account audited and pasted by the Commissioners

for the time being, or any seven or more of them, who are hereby impowered and required to audit and

pass the fame.

XCI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Actions shall be

brought by or by Order of such Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, against any Person or Per-

fons whatsoever for the Recovery of any Money or Monies by virtue of this Act, or for any Materials,

Matters, and Things, fold and delivered by them, or any of their Officers by their Order, or for the Re-

covery of any Rate or Rates, or any other rurpose whatsoever, and a Verdict shall be had and given against

any such Person and Persons against whom such Action or Actions shall be brought, such Person or Per-

fons shall pay Double Colls, and the said Commissioners, in such Action or Actions, {hall have such Re-

medy or Remedies for recovering the fame, as any Plaintiff'or Plaintiff's may have for his, her, or their

Colls in any other Cafes by Lav/.

XCII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this

hvi.dby D:iircis AH imposed, (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed)

and Sale. {hall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under

the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex (which Warrant such

Justice is hereby impowered and required to grant upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the

Informer deemed information of one or more credible Witness or Witness'es upon Oath): And the Informer is hereby ren-

.... dered a competent Witness (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered and required to administerj; and

the Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, to

the Party or Parties whole Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold, and the Charges of such Di-

stress and Sale being first dcduHed, shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers Co the said Commissioners

lor the time being, and shall be applied to and for the Pur poles of this A cl.

XCIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful to and

for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this

AH, to order their Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, to pay such Part of the said Penalties to the

Informer as they {hall judge reasonable, not exceeding one half thereof.

XCIV. And be it further dialled by the Authority aforesaid, That where any such Distress shall be made

for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed

unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespass'er or Trespassers, on account of

any Default or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Fames be

deemed a Trespass'er or Trespass'ers ob initio, on account of any Irregularity which {hall be afterwards

done by the Patty or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity'may

recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Caie.

XCV\ Provided always. That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any AHion, or for any such Irregu-

larity, Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the Behilf

of thi Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, every or any such Irregula-

rity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceeding, before such Action brought and in caie no such Tender shall

have

On Death or

Bankruptcy of

Officers,

legal Reprcfen-

t*rives to pay

the Monies re-

maining in

H md 10 the

Treasurer,

V/r.ofe Receipt

Ciall be a Dll-

charge.

On Non-pay-

ment for live

Vears, Trea-

fjr.-r may com-

mence Action

fur Recovery.

upon him,

and keep a re-

gular Account.

Rooks to be in-

ti cited gratis.

Commissioners

©fctjtninp, Ver-

dict, Defendant

to pay Dcuoie

Coifs.

Penalties may be

a competent

Wit AC ft.

Commissioners

may reA Jid in-

formers.

Diffi-fs net so

be de.ined un-

lawful lor w-nt

or Form, nor ,

the P-rty a

'I r< fp.tller ab

initio.

PI tlntiff not to

reoverif Ten-

der of ArrcnJs

bath been made*

