178

If Col Ichors or

Receivers be-

come inl'oivent,

£rc. the Money

to be again

a/Tefied.

Penalty on In-

terrupting

Woikmem.

Chamberlain to

all Sums of

Money, by Or-

der of the Com-

fniifioners, and

p makeJintries.

ComiBifltonei*

empowered to

borrow Money

upon the Credit

of the Rates*.

Money by An*

mnties on Lives

n»ay be bor-

fuwed*

Tf A'TinTJttanti

die any ^er/r ns

may purchase

Annuities for

abort Lives*.

C. 29. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

of the said Commissioners for the time being, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record, against such Execu-

tors or Administrators, Assigneeor Assignees, or other Person as aforesaid.

4 LXXXVII. And to the Intent that substantial Persons mav bechofen and appointed Collectors in each

4 Ward/ It is hereby further enacted, That in case any such Collector or Receiver shall become insolvent,

or shall embezzle, or make away with, detain, or misapply any Sum or Sums of Money, so collected by

him, so that the fame cannot be recovered, or shall die posse/Ted of any such Sum or Sums of Money, and

the fame shall not be paid by his Executors or Administrators; then, and in every such Cafe, such Sum and

Sums of Money shall be again rated and allefled on the Inhabitants of the Ward, for which such Person was

chosen and appointed Collector, by the Alderman of such Ward, or his Deputy* with the major Part of

the Common Councilmen of the said Ward, in such Proportion and Manner as the said Rates are directed

to be made by this Act, and shall be collected and levied in such Manner and under such Penalty as are

herein provided for collecting and levying the said original Rate and Assessment.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times,

obstruct, hinder, or molest, any of the said Commissioners, or any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer

or Officers, Workmen, Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall be employed, by virtue of this Act, in.

the Performance or Execution of their Duty, every such Person so offending shall, for the first Offence, for-

feit and pay the Sum of five Shillings; for the second, the Sum of twenty Shillings; and for the third, and

every other Offence, the Sum of five Pounds.

LXXXIX. And it is hereby further enacted* That the Chamberlain of the said City of London fox the

time being, shall and may, and is hereby authorised and required, out of the Monies collected and paid into

the Chamoerof the said City, pursuant to this A&, to pay all Sums of Money which the said Commission-

ers shall, from time to time, draw upon him for, or order him to pay and the said Chamberlain for the

time being shall, and he is hereby required to keep regular and clear Entries, in a Book or Books to be for

that Purpose by him provided and kept, of all and singular his Receipts and Payments, on account or in

pursuance of this Act, to which Book or Books every Citizen of London, liable to the said Rates, shall and

may have free Access, at all convenient Times, with full Liberty to insped the fame, without Fee or Re-

ward 5 and also that the said Chamberlain for the rime being shall, once in every Year, have the said Ac-

counts audited and passed by the said Commissioners, and shall deliver Copies of the said Accounts to each

House of Parliament, within twenty Days after the opening of every Session.

4 XC. And, for the more effectually enabling the said Commissioners to execute the Purposes of this

4 Ad, in the mod expeditious Manner,* It is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for

the said Commissioners, and they are hereby impowered, from time to time, when they shall judge it ne-

ceflary for the Purposes of paving, cleansing, and lighting, the said City and Liberties, and of making, en-

larging, widening, deepening, altering, and removing, the common Sewers, public Drains, and Vaults

within the same, to borrow and take up at Interest, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding forty

thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the Rates or Assessments to be made and payable for the said Purposes,

by virtue of this Act, and by any Writing or Writings, upon Vellum or Parchment, signed by them, to

assign the said Rates or Assessmenta to any such Person or Persons who shall advance or lend such Money

thereon, as a Security or Securities for the several Sums so borrowed, with legal or lower Interest for the

fame, which Interest shall be payable and paid half-yearly by the Chamberlain of the said City for the time

being, out of the Monies to arise by or from the said Rates or Assessments.

4 XCI. And whereas many Persons may chuse to advance Money for the Purchase of Annuities, to be-

4 secured upon and payable out of the said Rates and Assessments,* It is hereby further enacted, That it

shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, to contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands

of the said Commissioners, for the Purposes of paving, cleansing, and lighting the said City and Liberties,

and of making, enlarging, widening, altering, and removing the common Sewers, public Drains, and

Vaults within the same, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of sixty thou-

sand Pounds, over and above all such Sums as have been already borrowed for the Purposes of paving,

cleansing,. and lighting the said City and Liberties, fop the absolute Purchase of one or more Annuity or

Annuities, for the natural Life of such Persons, being of the Ageof forty-five Years, or upwards, asmall

be nominated by or on Behalf of such respective Contributors, at the Time of Payment of their respective

Contribution-monies; which Annuity or Annuities shall not exceed the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum

jper Annum:for every one hundred Pounds, or for the absolute Purchase of one or more Annuity or Annu-

ities for the natural Life of such Person, being of the Age of sixty Years or upwards, as shall be so nomi-

nated, which last Annuity or Annuities shall not exceed the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum per Annum fox

every one hundred Pounds; all which Annuities, so to be purchased, shall be payable and paid by the said

Chamberlain of the said City for the time being, out of the Monies to arise by or from the said Rates and

AflelTments, by four equal quarterly Payments, the first Payment to be made to the respective Purchasers,

or their Assigns, at the Expiration of the first Quarter after Payment of their respective Purchase-monies,.

the Rate whereof shall be settled and adjusted by a public Sale of the said Annuities, by the said Coramif-

sioners, to the best Bidder for the fame.-

XCII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That when and as often as any of the Persons-

for whose Lives any Annuities have been purchased by virtue of or under any of the said recited Acts, or

for whose Lives any Annuities shall or may be purchased by virtue of or under this present Act, shall hap-

pen to die, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to fell and grant one or more An-

nuity or Annuities for the Lives of other Nominees, upon the Terms aforesaid, so that the Whole of the

Monies paid for the Purchase of such Annuities, then actually existing, doth not exceed the Sum of one*

hundred

boogie

