A.D. 177*

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

C. 38. 487

Penalty or Penalties which shall be contained therein ; and on Proof of the signing of the said Con-

trad or Contracts, and Nonperformance thereof, at the Time or Times, or in Manner therein

mentioned, the said Commissioners shall be intiiled to, and shall recover such Penalty or Penalties ;

which when recovered shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act, with respect to the Species of

Work for which such respective Contract was made.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any ctomraUIwiwr*.

Seven or more of them, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons again (I whom such may compound*.

Commissioners shall bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, for any Penalty or Pe-

naltics contained in any such Contract or Contracts, on account of any Breach or Nonperformance

thereof, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, so as the Sum so compounded

and agreed for be not less than the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Nonperformance of

such Contract or Contracts, and all Colts, Charges, and Expences, which shall be occasioned

thereby.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have full Power and Autho- Street*, Ac. to

rity to cause all or any of the Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and be watered.

Places, within the said Parish, to be watered as often as they shall think (it ^ and for that Purpose to.

cause any Well or Wells to be dug or funk in such Places (not being a Cellar, Vault, or other

Building, under any of the Streets and Places aforesaid) as they shall think proper; and also any

Pump or Pumps to be erected in or near such Places ; and also to remove or alter any Pumps now

(landing, or which shall hereafter be erected for the Purpose of watering the said Squares, Streets,

Rows, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, and to defray the Expence thereof out of

the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of Paving.

XXV. And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners from Time to W fefc

to Time, to cause such and so many Lamps to be set up- in such Places within the said Parish, and

to be placed in such Manner, and at Rich Distances, as they shall judge necessary j and may contract

or agree with any Person or Persons for such Lamps, or may find and m-ovide the fame themselves,

if they think fit ; and also may contract or agree with any Person or Persons for the lighting, fop-

plying, maintaining, and repairing such Lamps, and specify in such Contract how and where the said

Lamps shall be placed, and at what Time, and how long the fame shall be and continue lighted and

burning, so that they shall be lighted at or before Sun-setting, and continue burning till Sun-rising ;

and what Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid to the Person or Persons so to be contracted or agreed

with, provided that no such Contract or Agreement shall be for a longer Term than Three Years

from the Commencement thereof.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said* Commissioners to order and Lampdronr

direct Lamp-irons to be put or affixed against the Walls of all or any of the foveral Houses or Tene- wjwre wb*

ments within the said Parish, or into, upon, or against the Rails before the Area, or in such Man-

ner, and in such other Place, as the said Commissioners shall think proper and convenient; and if penalty 00

any Person or Persons shall wilfully take away, break, throw down, or damage any Lamp that shall bretktofcjrc,

be set up by virtue of this Act, or wilfully extinguish the Light or Lights within the tame, or throw

^own or damage the Irons or other Furniture thereof, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons

whatsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to feiae, as also for any other Person or Persons

to assist in seizing the Offender or Offenders, and by Authority of this Act, and without any other

Warrant, to convey and deliver him, her, or them, into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to

be secured and conveyed before feme Justice of the Peace of the County of AEddlesex% or the Liberty

of the Tower of London ; and such Justice shall proceed to examine uporv Oath any Witness or Wit-

nesses who shall appear, or be produced to give Information or Evidence touching such Offence ; and

if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her, or their

Confession, or upon such Information or Evidence as aforesaid, he, (he, or they, so convicted, shall,

forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for each Lamp or Lamp-iron so broken, thrown down*,

or damaged, or for every Lamp so extinguished as aforesaid ; and moreover shall make full Satisfac-

tion to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same,

for the Damage so by him, her, or them, done as aforesaid ; and in case such Offender or Offen-

ders shall not, on Conviction, pay such Forfeiture, and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, focK

Justice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them, to the House of Corrcdion for the said

County or Liberty, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding One Ca-

lendar Month, nor less than Seven Days, and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged’

before the Time for which he, (he, or they, shall be so committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction

shall be sooner paid and given.

XXVII. And be it further enacted. That in case any Person or Persons shall carelessly or accidcn- perioa* accU

tally break, throw down, or damage any Lamp or Lamps, hung out or set up by Order of the said dtnialiy

Commissioners, or the Irons or other Furniture thereof, and shall not immediately upon Demand make tog Ump*. to

Satisfaction for the Damage done thereto ; then, and in every such Cafe, it shall be lawful for any One ®“ke Sali*tac#

Justice of the Peace in and for the said County or Liberty respectively, upon Complaint to him made tlon*

by any credible Witness or Witnesses, to summon before him the Party or Parties who shall be

complained of for doing such Damages as aforesaid ; and, upon hearing the Allegations and Proofs on

both Sides, or Non-appearance of the Party or Parties so complained of, to award such Sum or Sums

of Money, by Way ot Satisfaction, to the Owner of such Lamp or Lamps, or to the said Commis-

(ionerg, as the Cafe shall be, for such Damages, as such Justice shall think reasonable : and in case of

Neglect

