2 4+

C. 43.

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1771.

l)’.ie&r>rs and

i uan'tr. s may

cr nrralt for cm<

pt ;ytrg ihe

Poor.

Penalty on

Officers pur*

Joining Goods

Guardians mty

apprehend idle

LVI. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors and acting Guardians, at

a General quarterly Meeting affmbled, from time to time, to contract, if they shall think it expedient so

to do, with any Person or Persons for employing all or any of the poor People in the said House or Houses,

upon such Terms and Conditions as the said Directors and act ng Guardians shall think proper, such Con-

tractor or Contradtors being subject to such Rules and Regulations as are herein before prelcribed for the

Eife and Benefit of the said poor People, and to receive the Profits of their Labour, deducting thereout the

Gratuities payable to such poor People, and the Governors or Stewards, and Matron or Matrons, in Man-

ner aforesaid, in Part or in full of Payment and Satisfaction for the Service to be performed by virtue of

such Contract, so as no such Contract shall subsist, or be in Force for a longer Spa e than one Year.

LVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Governor or Steward, or

other Officer appointed, or Matron or other Person whatsoever employed by the said Guardians, shall pur-

loin, embezzle, or wilfully misapply any of the Monies, Materials, or Implements of Work, Utensils,

Goods, or Chattels, belonging to the said Corporation, every such Offender shall not only be discharged

from his Office, but shall also forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, and also Treble the Value of such

Money, Materials, or Implements of Work, Utensils, Goods, and Chattels, which shall be so purloined,

embezzled, or misapplied, to be levied in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Adl impeded

upon Overseers of the Poor are directed to be levied, and to be applied to the Uie of the Poor in the said

House or Houses; and in case sufficient Dillreis shall not be found, then, and in every such Cafe, it shall

and may be lawful to and for an^ one Justice of the Peace for the said County, to commit such Offender to

the Common Gaol for the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Space not ex-

ceeding six Months, nor less than one Month.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any

of the said Guardians to apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, all Persons being in any Parish or Place

P«rfons rci'using within the said Island, who not having wherewith to maintain themselves, live idle without Employment,

wiihVhcm an(* re^u^e to work for the usual and common Wages given to other Labourers in the like Work in the Pa-

as Vagabond*. rishes or Places where they then are, and to convey, or cause to be conveyed, to some Justice of the Peace

for the said County, acting in and for the Division of the Ijle cf IVigbty the Person or Persons so appre-

hended; and such Person or Persons so apprehended shall be deemed Vagabonds, and shall be dealt with

according to the Laws which shall be then in Force concerning Vagabonds and other idle and disorderly

Persons.

Justice* to pro- LIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where one or more Justice

ceed upon Com- or Justices of the Peace is or are impowered, by the Laws now in being, to proceed on the Complaint of

plamt of Dnec- the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parish or Parishes, or of any of them, it shall and

Guardiant^'or may be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace, and he and they are hereby required to proceed on

Governor*. the Complaint of any of the said Directors or acting Guardians, Governors, or Stewards for the time being,

in such and the like Manner, *to all Intents and rurposes, as if such Complaint had been made by such

Churchwardens and Overseers, or any of them.

Governors to be LX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better and more

Peace Officers. - easy Execution of the Powers and Authorities in this Adl contained, the Governors or Stewards for the time

being shall be Peace Officers in Right of such Office; and that all Warrants issued by any Justice or Justices

of the Peace, in pursuance of this Act, or any wife respecting the Government and Management of the Poor

within the said Island, shall and may be directed by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, either to the Go-

vernors or Stewards for the time being, or to the Constable or Constables, or other Pence Officer or Peace

Officers, of the Parish or Place where the fame are respectively to be executed; and such Governors or

Stewards are hereby authorised and required to execute such Warrants so directed to them accordingly j

and all Persons are hereby required to be aiding and assisting to such Governors or Stewards, in the Execu-

tion of such Warrants, in the same Manner as if such Warrants had been executed by a ConstabJe or other

Peace Officer.

Forfeitures given LXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines and Forfeitures arising from any Of-

to the Poor, to fences committed within the said Island, where the Whole, or any Part thereof, is given to the Poor of any

Treasurer. Pari&* or for any Offences against this Act, shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Guar-

dians, to the Use of the Poor of such House or Houses.

Expences of the LXII. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of procuring this Act of Parliament,

A^10 bc first shall be paid out of the first Monies to be raised or borrowed by virtue of this Act.

Guardians to LX III. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians, Directors, and acting Guardians, shall, at

drfray their owp their first and every other subsequent Meeting, defray their own Charges and Expences.

Expences. LXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Di-

That no Person rector or Guardian, under the Authority of this Act, during the Time he shall be concerned in, or have

rtftororGua^" any Contract For the Performance of any Work, or supplying any Necessaries for carrying this Act into

dian, concerned Execution, or the supporting of the said Poor.

io any Control. LXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at the said first, and all and every sub-

Questions haw to sequent Meeting of the said Guardians, or any Committee of the said Guardians, or any of them, and all

be determined. Meetings of the said Dircdiors and acting Guardians, all Questions which shall not be directed by this Act

to be determined by Ballot, or agreed to be so determined by such Guardians and Directors, shall be de-

termined by the Majority of the persons present; and, in case of an Equality of Votes, the Chairman of

such respective Meeting or Committee shall have the calling Vote.

LXVI. Provided

