A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 8-----13; 661

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Vhat for and upon all Rice which shall be Alifacli

imported into this Kingdom Duty-free, by virtue of this Act, and which shall be again exported Wng afterwart*

thereout, there shall be paid and answered to-His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, a Subsidy of toPHiSTlCla^cSyT

Poundage of Sixpence in the Pound, according to the Value or Rate set upon Rice imported, in the &c. aSubfidjof

Book of Rates referred to by the Act of the Twelfth Year of King Charles the Second; which said Su)}-- 6 d. in the

lidyof Sixpence in the Pound* upon such Rice.so exported, shall be raised^ levied, colfe&ed, and re- -Pound, as by

covered, by such Ways and Means, and under such Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as Aa Car#M*

the Subsidy or Poundage for any Goods or Merchandise exported from Great Britain, lay be raised,

levied, collected, or recovered, by any Act of Parliament now in force, as fully and effectually, to all

Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, relating

thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Jthe said Duties, granted by this Act^P"^ob*

upon Rice exported, shall (the necessary Charges of Management excepted) be paid into the Receipt Receipt of £*-

of His Majesty’s Exchequer, and be there reserved for the Difppfition of Parliament. chequer.

IV. And whereas William Prince is intitled, under certain Letters Patent, granted to him some After the paf-

Time in the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, to the foie and exclusive Right of hereof>

making Starch from Rice for the Term of Fourteen Years, commencing from the Date thereof; and of

.the said William Prince hath consented to waive all Benefit, under the said Letters Patent, for the gene- Rice> william

xal Advantage of the Starch Manufactory; belt further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from pri ace* Letter*

and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsor P*tent notwith-

ever to make Starch of Rice* the said Letters Patent, or other Matter or Thing to the Contrary not-

withstanding.

CAP. VIIL

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britmny for the Ser-

vice of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

CAP. IX.

An Act to restrain the East India Company, for a limited Time, from making any Appointment of Com-

missioners for fu per intending and regulating the Company’s Affairs, at their Prendencies in tYct Bast

Indies.

CAP. X.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion 5 and for the better Payment of the Army and the!#

Quarters.

CAP. XI.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore.

CAP. XII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments

within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose; and to give further

Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures'of

Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.——Preamble. Persons who have omitted to take the Oafhs

appointed by Act 1 Geo. i. or to have qualified themselves according to the Act 13, Car. a. Or

according to the Act 25 Car 2. Or according to the 30 Car. 2. Or according to the Geo. 1. Or

according to the 9 Geo. 2. Or according to the 18 Geo. 2. Or according to the Act 6 Geo. 3. Such

Persons qualifying themselves before the passing of this Act, or before Dec. 25, 1773, shall be, and

are indemnified against Forfeitures. Incapacities or Disabilities incurred or to be incurred by Neglect

or Omission. Provided that this Act not to extend to restore Persons to any Office avoided by

Judgment of any of the King’s Courts of Record. And it is further enacted, that Persons who

thall cause Affidavits to be made and filed, on or before the first Day of Michaelmas Term 1773, of

'the actual Execution of Contrafts iA Writing to serve as Clerks to Attornies or Solicitors are in-

demnified, and discharged from Penalties. Forfeitures, Incapacitates and Disabilities incurred or to

be incurred by Neglect or Omission.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to enable certain Persons therein named to continue to work a Pestle Mill, heretofore em-

ployed and used in making Battle Gunpowder, at Old Forge Farm, in the Parish of Tonbridge, in the

County of Kent.

\

XI* 4 CAP.

