•A.D. 17^3. Anite ctecimo tertio Georgii-HI.' C. 17— 665

pay the yearly Rent of 10 Pounds- Gerierhl Saving. The Act riot topreven* guarding or fortify-

ing the Castle. When the Trustees shall be reduced to less than Seven, others to be appointed.

Persons damaging the Buildings how to be punished. Limitation of Actions. General I flue, Treble

Costs. PublfckAft.

c a p. xvir.

An Act for making the Exemplification of the Last Will and Testament of William Earl'of Blefing-

ton, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deCeased, Evidence as well in Ireland as in Great Britain. '

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for the 'more effectual Relief of the Poor in the County of Devon j and for other Purposes

therein mentioned.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign

of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and improving certain Ferr

Lands within the Manor and Parishes of Upwell and Outwell, and in the Parishes ojDtnver and Wei-

ney, in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk* sofar as the fame relates to the Lands-

lying on the South Side of Pophams Eau.

CAP. XX.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of

His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fenr

Lands and Low Grounds in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mildenhalb

River, South; PlantXoad and Brandon River, North ; bounded on the West by the River Ouse; and ore

the Eastby Winter Load, Earfwell Brook, and the Hard Lands of Mildenhall 5 and for'tmpoweringth*

Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, com-

monly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid commonly* called \ n—

vetted Lands j, so far as the fame relates to the several Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the

First District dtfcrrbed in the said Act.——Preamble. Act 33 Geo..*\ A further Tax to be laid-.

No further Sum to be borrowed during the Continuance of the additional Tax, except on Emer-

gency. Commissioners may suspend the additional Tax if Monies due shall be reduced to 6000 A-

Additional Tax to be paid in Moieties by Landlord and Tenant. Penalty for destroying the Banks

by burning Lands, to be levied by Distress and Sale ; or Offenders may be committed. Owners and'

Occupiers to repair and scour Ditches and Tunnels. Penalty on Neglect, is 3 d.f>er Rod- Owners

of Mills restrained from throwing Water upon the Lands of other Persons, Acting Commissioners

are to prevent any Injury from private Drainage. River Banks not to be cut but under the Inspection’

of the Commissioners Officers. Nothing contained to prevent Wlv-Jones from imbanking and fepa-

vrately draining, his Lands. Limitation for the Digging of Turf. The Time of paying the Taxes

to be appointed by Commissioners. Penalty in case of Nonpayment, is 3x. 4d. for every *0 x.. due.

Commissioners may fell Lands for Payment of Taxes. Commissioners to give Notice to Owners oT

Xands to be sold ; and also Notice of Sale. Proviso. Taxes to be levied on Goods of Persons dri-

ving their Cattle off their Lands chargeable with the Taxes. Lands to be rated to the Poor’s Rates,

according to reJuced Rent. The South Bank of Brandon River, and’the Weft Bank of Lakenheath-

Load, hew to be repaired. Commissioners impdwered to erect Turnpikes,. and take Tolls to repair

the Banks. Tolls veiled in the Commissioners. Penalty on Persons refusing td pay Trills. 1 Penalty

on taking riff Horses to avoid the Tolls. Commissioners to erect a TdMiriufe for maintaining certain.

Banks. Proviso. No Toll on Horses haling .Boats with Materials fotRepair'of Banksj Ap-

peal may be made to the Quarter Sessions. Tuftices Determination not removeable by Certiorari*•

Rights of the Conservators of Bedford Level laved as by 15 Car. 2* Limitation of Actions*- General

Issue. Treble Costs. Publick Act.*

CAP. XXI.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His

lafo Majesty King Georgt the Second, intituled, An Act to explain a Claafe in an Act made

in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, for naturalizing Foreign-

Trot eft ants, which relates to the Children of the natural-born Subjects of the Crow* ^England*.,

or of Great Britiain, to the Children of fetch Children.

\

* IT THERE AS divers natural *born Subject a of Great Britain, who ptofefs ao<T exercise the p*aaM«y

* VV Protestant Religion through various lawful causes, especially for the better carrying on of

* Commerce*have been, and arc, obliged tdrefide in several trading Cities and* other Foreign Places,.

.* where they hfcvrcotattaded Marriages* and brought up Families "- And whereas it ir equally just and:

4 expedient?

