368 C. 18.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III*

A.D. 1772.

Pivements, 8c c.

vected in Com-

jnifiloner*.

who mty bring

•A&ions, and

prefer lndift-

menti.

Old Materials

may be fold.

CommUfiontrs

may order the

Streets to be

whatsoever, relative to the Execution of this Act, or shall any-way be concerned in Interest in any

Bargain made, or to be made, by the said Commissioners for any of the Purposes intended by this

Act, every Person so offending shall from thenceforth for ever be incapable of being employed under

this Act, and shall, over and above, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to any Person or Per-

fons who shall sue for the same ; to be recovered in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record, by Ac-

tion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, to be commenced within Three Calendar Months after

the Offence shall be committed, in which Action or Suit no Protection, Essoin, or Wager at Law,

or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

IX. And be it further enacted. That from and after the passing of this Act, the Property of all the

present and future Pavements in the Streets and Lanes within the said Town and Parish of Chatham^

as well in the Foot-ways as Carriage-ways, and of all Lamps, Lamp-irons, and Poffs, which shall

be erected or fixed by virtue of this Act, and of all Materials, Implements, and other .Things to

be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, shall be, and the fame are hereby vested in the said Com-

Tnissioners ; and they are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Ac-

tion or Actions in the Name or Names of any Two or more of them, or in the Name of their Trea-

surer or Clerk, or other Person or Persons to be appointed for that Purpose, or to prefer any Bill

or Bills of Indictment, as the Cafe shall require, against any Person or Persons who (nail deal, take,

or carry away, detain, spoil, injure, or destroy any Part or Parts thereof ; and the said Commissioners

shall have full Power and Authority to sell and dispose of all or any Part of the old Materials, to such

Person or Persons as shall be willing to purchase the fame ; and the Money arising therefrom shall be

applied to such and the fame Purposes, as the Monies arising from the Rates and Assessments in and

by this Act directed to be made, are directed to be applied.

X. And be it further enacted. That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be

lawful to and for the said Commissioners, from Time to Time, and at all Times, when anJ so

often as the said Commissioners shall think proper, to order and direct all or any of the Pavements

in the High Street and Lanes adjoining, and leading into the High Street of the Town and Parish of

Chatham aforesaid, in being* or hereafter to be made, adjoining and leading into and out of the said

High Street of Chatham in the said Parish, or any Pa t 01 Pairs thereof, as wrell those ..Parts used by

Carriages as those used by Foot-passengers, from the King's Victualling-office on both Sides of the

Way (o a certain Lane called Cage Laney in the High Street «of Chatham aforesaid, to be taken up, and

the said Street and Lanes to be paved, relaid, repaired, raised, lowered, or altered, and alfj to be

cleansed, lighted, and freed from all Annoyances, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Encroachments what-

soever, and proper Drains to be made for conveying the Water under Ground, or otherwise, when,

an such Manner, and as often as the said Commissioners shall think fit; and the Person or Persons

authorised or directed by them to do the fame, hath and have hereby full Power and Authority to do

the fame accordingly.

XI. And be it further enacted. That the said Commissioners shall also have full Power and Autbo-

, rity to cause to be dug, carted, and carried out of or brought into the said Streets and Lanes, or into

V^rkmcn*”*^ 0^ l^em» such Gravel, Stones, and other Materials, and to employ such Artificers, Workmen,

-they (halljudge Labourers, Carters, and others, and to issue such Money on those Accounts, and to do all and every

<neceflrary. such Acts and Things as the said Commissioners shall judge necefury or conducive to the accompliffi-

ing the Ends and Designs of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, 2t any Time or Times, after

the passing of this Act, make, or cause to be madj, any Alteration in the Form of the Pavement of any

Street or Lanes within the said Town and Parish, without the Consent and Approbation of the Com-

missioners, the Person or Persons making, or causing the fame to be made, (hull, at his or their own

Costs and Charges, within Fourteen Days after Notice given for that Purpose by the said Commissioners,

or their Surveyor or Clerk, remove or take away the fame, and put such Part of the said Street or

Lancs, where the fame shall have been made, in the fame Form and Condition it was before the mak-

ing the said Alteration ; and in case of his^ her, or their Neglect or Refusal so to do within such 'Time

as aforesaid, then the said Commissioners shall and may order any proper Workman or Workmen to

Tcindate the fame, and put the said Street or Lanes in the fame Form and Condition it was before,

and, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, to levy, or cause to be levied,

the Colls and Charges attending the fame, by Distrtfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person

-or Persons who made, or caused to be made, such Alteration, together .with the Charges of such Dif-

■tress and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels

-(hall be so distrained and fold when demanded.

XIII. And be it further enacted. That it shall and mny he lawful to and for the said Commissioners,

may make Con* and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, to contract with any Pci ion or

'Commissioners

;may dig Gravel,

'No Person to

alter the Pare-

yinent.

Cam mi fT« on era

for pav

ting, dec.

Persons for the paving, relaying, repairing, railing, lowering, an ending, altering, cleansing, and

lighting the said Streets and Lanes, within the said Town and Parish ; which Contract or Contracts

shall specify the Works to be done, and the Prices so be paid for the fame, and the Time and Times

when such Works shall be performed and completed, and the Penalties to be fuss'ered in case of Non-

performance thereof, and the fame shall be signed by the said Commissioners, and by the Person or

Persons contracting to perform such Works; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and

impowered to pay tuch Sum or Sums of Money for such respective Works as they shall so contract and

agree for, out of the Money to be raised for the Purposes of this Act; and all the Foot-w'ays, where

.practicable, shall be paved wkh Maidstone Flats, Pur beck Squares, or other (mooch Pavement, and a

* Kirb

c.ooooie

