8o

C.

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1771.

Future Meet

ing*.

lowed ; and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall paj

the said Penalty, on Proof given of his having acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this AS.

Comiuiflionert VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as often at

tying or refuting any of the said last-mentioned Comnvfiioners, who do not derive their Power from the past or present En-

to»a, others to joyment of any Office, or from the Election of any College or Parish, shall die or retufe to aS, then, and

be appointed« jn every such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving or remaining Commissioners, whether

official, elective, or other, or any five or more of them, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, to eleS

another Person.or Persons in the Room of him or them so dying or refilling to aS ; and every Person so

elected shall have the fame Powers and Authorities for putting this AS in Execution, as the Person in

whose Stead he shall be eleScd was veiled with.

No Retailer of VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who shall fell Ale, Wine,

Ale or Spirituous or any Spirituous or fermented Liquors, by Retail, shall be capable of aSing as a Commissioner, or ex-

ofboMing »ny* ecutinS a"V Office under this Act.

Office. 8 y VIIl. And be it further enaSed by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners nominated and

First Meeting of appointed by, or eleSed in pursuance of this Act, or any seven or more of them, may and shall meet and

Commissioneri. assemble in the Town Hall in the said City on the fourth Tucjday after the passing of this AS, between the

Hours of nine and twelve in the Forenoon, in order to put this AS in Execution ; and shall then, and

from time to time afterwards, adjourn themselves to, and meet at the same Place, or at any other conve-

nient Place* within the said University or City, as they, or the major Part of them present at such Meet-

ing, shall appoint: And if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any Meeting, which shall be ap-

pointed to be held by the said Commissioners, a sufficient Number thereof to aS, and to adjourn to another

Day (two Commissioners being always deemed sufficient for the Purpose of adjourning), or if they shall

bitoit or negleS to adjourn; then, and in every such Cafe, their Clerk, or any three or more of the said

Commissioners, shall and may call a Meeting, at the Place where the last Meeting was appointed to be

held, on that Day three Weeks, between the Hours of nine and twelve in the Forenoon, Notice thereof

being given as hereafter is direSed.

Ia. Provided always, and be it enaSed by the Authority aforesaid, That previous to any Meeting of the

said Commissioners in pursuance of this AS, subsequent to such firit Meeting as aforesaid, Notice shall be

given by the Clerk of the said Commissioners, and fixed at the South Gate of the Schools of the said Uni-

quentMeetings. ,verflty^ an(j a]fQ at the Gate of the Town Hall in the said City, signifying the Time and Place of every

such Meeting, two Days at least before every such Meeting.

Commissionerf X. Provided always, and be it further enaSed by the Authority aforesaid, That no Commissioner here-

pot to «a where by appointed, or hereafter to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be capable of aSing or voting as such, during

— -» the Yime he shall enjoy any Office of Profit under, or be concerned in any ContraS made by virtue of this

AS, or in any Cafe wherein he shall be personally interested : And that at all Meetings to be held in purfu-

ance of this AS, the Commissioners shall defray their own Expences.

XI. Provided always. That it shall and may be lawful to and for such of the said Commissioners as shall

be in the Commission of the Peace, to aS as Justices in the Execution of this AS, within their several and

respeSive Jurisdictions, notwithstanding their being Commissioners. ->

wmmuiIBntI, XII. And be it further enaSed by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any nine or

mayeredt Turn- more of them, shall cause to be ereSed, one or more Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, in or across

pikes and Toll- any Part or Parts of the said Mile-ways, Streets, or Roads hereby direSed to be repaired and amended as to

them shall seem most proper, and also a Toll-house or Toll-houses adjoining to each of the fame respec-

tively ; and the respeSive Tolls following shall be demanded and taken thereat, of the Person or Persons

attending any Cattle or Carriage herein after mentioned, before such Cattle or Carriage Qiall be permitted

to pass through the fame, or any of them ; (that is to say)

Two f>ayi No-

vice to be given

before subse-

interested; and

avail Meetings

to defray their

0W9 Expences.

Commissioners

may act as

JuAices,

Commissioners

houses.

For every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Chaise, Calash, or other Carriage, drawn by (ix Horses or other

Cattle, the Sum of one Shilling and Sixpence.

For every Coach, Chaise, Berlin, Chariot, or other Carriage as aforesaid, drawn by four Horses or other

Cattle, the Sum of one Shilling.

For every Coach, Chaise, Berlin, Chariot, or other Carriage, drawn by two Horses, the Sum of Six-

pence.

For every Chaise, or other Carriage, drawn by one Horse or other Bead, the Sum of Twopence.

For each Horse, or other Bead, drawing in any Waggon, Cart, Wain, or other Carriage, being a

Common Stage Waggon, or travelling for Hire, the Sum of Twopence.

For each fiorfe, or other Bead, drawing in any Waggon, Cart, Wain, or Carriage, not travelling for

Hire, or employed in Husbandry, the Sum of one Penny.

And for every other Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, orAfs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum

of one Penny.

For every Drove of Oxen, or Neat Cattle, Fivcpence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or

less Number.

Which Sums respectively shall be demanded in the Name of and as a Toll, and shall be and are hereby

veded in the said Commissioners, and the fame and every Part thereof shall be paid and applied in such

Manner as is herein after mentioned and directed ; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or

Persons as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, under their Hands and Seals, shall from

time to time nominate and appoint, to demand and take the Tolls or Duties hereby granted and made pay-

1 # ' able-;

