136 C. 22.

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1771.

The South Side

of Ilrming’s

Row co be paved.

Church wardens

«xnpp»ed {'tom

comribu ;ing.

Proviso.

The Ports in

Church Pa (Tape

not to be taken

way j

nor the Ports

and Porters

Jfclock. near Sa-

vile Row j

nor those in

King's Square

Court Pallage.

Two Commis-

rtoners may put

up Chains, See.

at certain 'l imes

in Maddox

Street and Mill

Street.

Corrmissioners

vetted with

Power to re-

move Annqyan-

ces in Streets

not paved.

To prevent

talcing away

Night Soil but

between certain

Hours.

this Act; and the said Liberty of the Rolls {hall bear a due Proportion with the said Parishes of the Ex-

pences to be provided for by this Act.

4 LXI. And whereas the Street or Place called I Inning's Row* in the said Parish of Saint Martin in the

4 Fields* is a great Thoroughfare, the Passage through Part whereof having been hitherto narrow, incon-

4 venient, and dangerous, by means of a Wall and some Buildings belonging to the said Parish, whion

4 have lately been pulled down in order to the building a new House for the Reception and Maintenance

4 of the Poor of the said Parish, which new House hath been set back from where the said Wall flood at the

c Diilance of ten Feet, or thereabouts; and in order to the widening the said Street called Herniaf s Row*

and rendering the fame commodious for the future, it hath been proposed, on the Behalf of thi

4 Vicar, Churchwardens, and Inhabitants of the said Parish, in Vestry assembled, that the said Ground,

and other the Ground belonging to them, being two hundred and five Feet long, and ten Feet wide, cr

4 thereabouts, now lying near to, and appearing to be Part of the said Street, shall, for ever hereafter, be

1 Part of the said Street \ Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, T hat from and after the

passing this Act, the Ground last mentioned shall thenceforth for ever lie open to and be deemed and taken

to be Part of the said Street, and shall be paved or repaired, lighted and cleansed as such, underand by vir-

tue of the Powers of this Act; and that the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish

shall thenceforth for ever be exempted and discharged from all Expences of repairing, paving, lighting,

and cleansing the said Street or Place called Heming's Row* and of and from all and every Rate and Rates

hereafter to be made in pursuance of any of the said recited Acts, or this Act, for and in respect of the said

Street or Place called He mine's Row,

LXII. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall exempt any other Person or Persons

whomsoever from the Payment of all or any of the Rate or Rates to be made as last aforesaid, for and in

refoeftof any Part or Parts of the said Street called Herning s Rctu.

4 LXIII. And whereas at the North and South Ends of a certain Passage or Place in the said Parish of

4 Saint James* leading out of Piccadilly into Jermyn Street* commonly called or known by the Name of

4 Church PaJJlige* there are Foils set up to prevent the A'dmission or passing of Carriages (one Side of the

4 said Passage being Part of the Cemetery or Burial Ground belonging to the said Parish) ;* Be it therefore

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to

extend, to authorise or impower the said Commissioners or Committees, or either of them, or any other

Person or Persons by them employed, to take up or remove all or any of the Pods which now arc or here-

after may be set up either at the North or South End of the said Passage, by Order of the Vestry of the said

Parish of Saint James; but that the fame shall, at all Times hereafter, be and remain in such Manner as

the said Vestry shall direct, provided the fame do not obstruct Passengers on Foot.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall

extend, or be construed to extend, to impower the said Commissioners or Committees, or either of them,

or any other Person or Persons by them employed, to take down or remove the Porters Block, or to take

up or remove the Posts belonging thereto, or any the Posts now {landing and being at or near a Place

called Vigo Lane* leading from the Top of Sackvile Street to Savile Row.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act, or any or either of the said former Acts

contained, shall extend to authorise or impower the said Commissioners, or the Committee of the Parish of

Saint Anne within the Liberty of Westminster* or any of them, or any Person or Persons by them employed,

to take up or remove the Polls which are now (landing at the North End of a Passage leading from the

Weft: End of King's Square Court to Chapel Street* in the said Parish of Saint Anne, or which may hereafter

be there set up, so as the fame do not obstruct or prevent Persons passing on Foot through the said Passage;

any Thing in this Act, or any or either of the said former Acts, contained to the contrary thereof in any-

wife notwithstanding.

4 LXVI. And whereas, by reason of the great Concourse of Coaches and other Carriages in Mad Lx

4 Street and Mill Street, within the Parish of Saint George* Hanover Square, upon Sundays* and great Holi-

4 days, it frequently happens that the Inhabitants and Parishioners are very much disturbed and inter-

4 rupted in the Time of Divine ServiceBe it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any two

or more of them, may order and direct any Bars or Chains to be erected and placed across the said Streets

called Maddox Street and Mill Street* during the Time of Divine Service, and for the Space of one Hour

before and one Hour after, or may take any other Method for preventing the passing and repafting of

Coaches, during such Time as they fhldl think fit and proper.

LXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall have,

and they are hereby veiled with, all thp Powers and Authorities for removing Nuisances, Annoyances, and

Obstructions, and otherwise regulating the several Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Places, within the Limits

of the said recited Acts, which have not been already new-paved or completed by virtue of the said Acts,

gs by the said Act, passed in the second Year of his present Majesty, they are veiled with, in the Squares,

Streets, Lanes, and Places that have been new-paved or completed under their Direction.

LXyill. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever

shall come with any Cart or Carts, or begin to empty any Boghouse or Boghouses, or to take away any

Night Soil from any House or Houses within the Limits aforesaid, before the Hour of Twelve of the Clock

at Night, or shall continue to take away the fame after the Hour of Six in the Morning, from Michaelmas

to Lady-day* or after the Hour of Five of the Clock from Lady-day to Michaelmas; or if any Person shall

put or cast, or cause to be put or call, out of any Cart, Tub, or otherwise, in or near any of the Squares,

Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mews, Alleys, Passages, and Places within the Limits aforesaid, or within

Half a Mile thereof, any such Night Soil, it shall apd may be lawful to and for any Constable, Beadle, or

Watchman,

