A* IX 1771. Anno chiockdmo Georgii III. C. 66. 567

Paid, together with Such further Cods as to them shall seem reasonable; to be recovered by the fame

'rocefs or Precept, and in like Manner as is herein before provided for Recovery of the Debt and Costs

first decreed; the former Order or Decree to the Contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always. That nothing herein contained Shall extend, or be construed to extend, to Process not if-

impower the Clerk of the said Court to issue any Process against the Goods and Chattels of any Person

or persons, where the Party intitled to the Benefit of any such Order, Judgment, or Decree as afore- ^iiVwar-

said, Shall have obtained any Warrant or Process as aforesaid against the Body or Bodies of the fame rantf , grantca a--

Person or Persons, unless such Person or Persons Shall escape out of Custody, or shall abscond or depart gainst the Body

out of the said Borough, Foreign, and Parish of Kiddrrminster, to avoid being apprehended and taken of the Person,

by virtue of such last-mentioned Warrant or Process. twless he /hall

, escape or abscond.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Precept to be issued upon Execution

any Execution awarded against the Body or Goods of any Person or Persons whatsoever, the Clerk who £c"t

issues the fame Shall expreis and set down in Writing the Sum or Sums of Money, and Costs, so ordered

and decreed to be paid; and if the Party or Parties against whom such-Execution shall be awarded In what Cafet

shall, before any adtiial Sale of his, her, or their Goods, or before he. She, or they is, are, or Shall be Execution auy

taken and apprehended, or before t>hc Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Imprisonment, pay,be f“P«riede4*-

or cause to be paid or tendered uoto the Clerk of the Court who Shall LflTue such Precept, such Sum or

Sums of Money, and Colts, together with One Shilling, as a Reward for his Trouble in receiving and

paying over such Debt and Co-ts to the Plaintiff or Plaintiff’s, and entering Acknowledgments or Sa-

tisfaction in the Book or Register of the said Court for such Debt and Costs, and also the Sum of Two

Shillings to the Beadle for Fees, in case such Party or Parties shall have been committed to Prison. or

his Goods Shall be distrained upon, and not fold; then, and in such Cafe or Cafes the Execution shall

be superfeded, and the Body or Bodies, and Goods of such Party or Parties, Shall be discharged and set

at Liberty.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Beadle of the said Court, or Beadle Coffering-

his Deputy, who Shall be employed to serve or levy any Execution, Shall, by wilful or notorious Ne-

gleet or Connivance, cause or suffer the Party against whom such Execution Snail be awarded to escape, moved>or awing-'

or the Goods of such Party or Parties so distrained upon to be carried away, embezzled, or Secreted. Defendantst*

so that such Execution Shall not have its due Effect, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Com- abscond, to pay

missioners, or any Three or more of them, assembled in Court, upon Complaint and due Proof made DebtattdCoftu‘

upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to order such Beadle to pay

such Sum or Sums of Money for which the said Execution was awarded to the Party complaining, and

to inforce the Payment thereof by the fame Method and Means as- are herein-before provided for the

Payment of other Debts.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person Shall bfe capable of a&- Qg'iMditioa of '

ing as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless at the Time of his so acting he shall be in his Gw*®*®0®*

Own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Post’eflion or Receipt of the Kents and Profits of

Lands or Hereditaments* of the clear yearly Value of Twenty Pounds above Reprizes, or possessed of

a personal Estate to the Value of Four hundred Pounds: And if any Person or Persons made incapa- Polity 00 Ac-

blc to act for the causes aforesaid, shall, nevertheless,- presume to act in the Execution of this Act,

every such Person Shall, for every such Offence,. forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person

&r Persons who Shall sue for the same in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster; and the

Person so prosecuted Shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise Shall pay the said Sumof

Fifty Pounds, without any other Proof or Evidence on* the Part of the Prosecutor or rlaiiuiff than that

such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons Shall be ca-

pable of afling as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, until he Slull have taken an Oath to

the following Effect:

I A. B. do swear. That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the best of my Judg- Coantfaneff -

* ment, hear and determine all such Matters and causes as Shall be brought before me by virtue of an Oitiw

4 Act of Parliament, “ for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough and

4 Foreign of Kidderminster, in the Parish of Kidderminster y in the County of Worcester” ‘ without -Fa-

4 your or Affection, Prejudice or Malice, to either Party.

4 So help me GOD/

Which’Oath the Clerk of the said Court hereby named, is hereby, at the First Court or Meeting to be

held by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, in pursuance of this Act, impowered and re-

quired to administer to all and every Commissioner and Commissioners in open Court, and in the Pre-

sence of Three or more of such Commissioners, and in* like Manner, at any subscqueirt Court*

the Clerk of the said Court, or any of the Commissioners who Shall have taken such Oath, is, and are

hereby impowered and required to administer the said Oath in open Court, to all and every such other

Commissioner and Commissioners, not having qualified himself as aforesaid, at such First Court or

Meeting; of all such Oath and Oaths so taken as aforementioned, the said Clerk of the said Court Memorial thereof

shall cause a Memorial to be entered in the Register of the said Court amongst the Proceedings of such to be reared.

Days icspectivdy.

XXIV,

