888 C. 82. Anno decinio tertio Georgii III. A* D.:1773*

shall, at the Time of entering into such Agreement, produce a Written Authority for that Purpose,

under the Hand of the Owner or Proprietor, Guardian 01 Trustee; or in case of such Owner not

being a Minor, and being in Parts beyond the Seas, of the known Agent of such.Owner.

Aaionimaybc XXVI. And be it /aethercnacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Owner or Occupier of any

inkier*1 *" Common Field Lands, or of any Part thereof, for the better Cultivation whereof any Rules and Regu-

- * lations shall have been agreed upon, in porfuance of the Powers and Authorities given by this AS*

shall not conform to such Rules and Regulations, or shall wilfully deviate therefrom in any RefpeS1

whatsoever ; that then, and in fuen Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Owner or Owners,

or Occupier or Occupiers, of any Part of such Common Field Lands, who may have been damnified

by a Breach of the Regulations aforesaid, to bring One or more Action or ASions of Trespafs, of

upon the Cafe, in any of Ilis Mt*jesty’s Courts of Record at IVefhnir./lcr, against the Person or Person*

so offending ; and if in any such ASion, so to be bjought as aforesaid, a Verdict shall be given for the

Plaintiff, or he shall recover Judgement by Default; that then, and in such Cafe, the Party or Parties

so offending shall answer to the Party grieved all such Damages as shall be recovered in such Action,

together with Double Costs of Suit.: ; .*

“Ko Pcifon is XXVII, Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall prevent, or extend to prevent, any Person

hereby prevented Qr persons from inclosing all or any Part or Parts of his, her, or their Land, to and for his, her or their

his™ *nd*°for*hi*0^n Use or Benefit, such Person or Persons having full Power or Right so to do*

own Use

Saving ail Rights XXVIII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all

to Hp Mskfty, ;and every Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of any Manor br Manors, and to all and every other Perform

Lords of Manor*, ^(ji Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Sueccilors,. Executors, and

* ' Administrators, (other than and except the respective Persons, their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and

Administrators, who may, in Consequence of this Abeing djiy cariL’d into Execrion, become subject*

to the Provisions and Regulations thereby authorised to be made,) all such Estate, Intereff, and Rights,

a9 they, every, or any of them, had or enjoyed in and over the said Common Arable Fields, Waffes,.

, and Commons of Pasture, before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had and enjoyed in

case the fame had jiot been made.

: 1 CAP. LXXXII.

An Act for <the better Regulation of Lying-in Hospitals, and other Places appropriated for

• the charitable Reception of pregnant Women v and also to provide for the Settlement of

Ballard Children, born in such Hospitals and Places,

Preamble.

.After Nov. 1,

1773, no Hof-

piUl to be efta-

blished for ihc

Reception of

pregnant Wo-

men, unless a

Licence be ob-

tained ;

\*hich Licence

the Justices, at

then Quarter

S^fliont, are im-

po.vered to &rant.

£v.*ry Licence to

be stamped w.th

a 5;. Scamp,

and limned by the

Juftjccs,

4 tT THERE AS, through the humane and benevolent Assistance of well disposed Persons,

4. VV many Hospitals and Places have been established for the charitable Reception of pregnant

4 Women, which have afforded great Relief in Times of th<; utmost Distress, and therefore merit every

4 due Support and Encouragement; but some Inconveniences having been found to arise from the

4 Number of Bastard Children born in such Hospitals and Places, which have become heavy Burdens,

4 and have occasioned unreasonable Charges upon those Parishes wherein fudv Hospitals and Places

4 have been inffituted, to their great and urjuft Oppiession : And whereas it would tend, as well to

4 promote the Intereff of such Hospitals and Places as to give a feasonable Relief to such Parishes, if a

4 Law was made to regulate the Settlement of such Ballard Children May it pleare Your Majesty

that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of* the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of November, One

thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, no Hospital or Place shall be established, uled,. or appro-

priated, or continue to be used or appropriated, for the publick Reception of pregnant Women, under

publick or orivate Support, Regulation, and Management, in any Parish within that Part of Great

Britain called England, unless a Licence shall be first had and obtained, in Manner hereafter mentioned,

from the Justices of the Peace, at some One of their General Quarter Sdlions to be held for the

County, Ruling, Division, City, or Corporation, wherein such Hospital or Place shall be fituared ;

and such JuftRes are hciefcy authorised and required to grant such Licence to any Person or Persons

who shall apply for the fame, such Person or Persons paying the Sum of Forty Shillings for every such

Licence to the Clerk of the Peace of such County, Riding, or Division, or to the Town-Clerk of fucu

- City or Corpora 01, as a Perquisite for his '('rouble, and as a Fund to def;ay the Expence of the

Stamp and Parchment that shall be used for the Grant of such Licence.

II. And be it further enacted, That every such Licence shall be written on Parchment, and stampt

with a Five Shilling Stamp ; and a Cony thereof fh ill be entered in a Book to b:t kept for that Purpose

by such Clerk, of the Peace, or Town Clerk, and prefer ved as a publick Register amongst the Records

of the-Coiiniy, Riding, Piv

or of fjch City or Corporation, as the Cale may be, to be infp^djed

by any Person gr Persons bn Payment of One Shilling ; and every such Licence shall be signed by Two

or more such Justices of t^he Peace, at.their General Quarter Stfliom, and shall inline the Person or

Persons to whom such Licence shall be granted to kccP One Hospittl, House, Qf RJace, and no more,

for the publick or charitable Reception of pregnant Wopion,. , i o : , »,

, * c IIL And

