6.3° C. 7f, 72. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

made forth, on the said original Bill?, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity, Orders, or other Or-

ders, if the fame had been produced; and shall be allowed all such Payments, Sum or Sums of Money,

in their respective Accounts; and, in all Cafes where the Signing of the Commissioners of His Ma-

jesty’s 1 reafury, or the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain for the Time being, shall be necessary

for making the said Duplicates, or any of them, effectual, for the Purposes aforesaid, it shall and may

be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them,

or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to sign such Duplicates accordingly.

Preamble.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for repealing several Laws therein mentioned againfc Badgers, Engroffers, Fore-

ftallers, and Regrators, and for indemnifying Persons againfc Prosecutions for Offences

committed againfc the said Acts.

WHEREAS it hath been found by Experience, that the Restraints laid by several Statutes

upon the Dealing in Corn, Meal, Flour, Cattle, and sundry other Sorts of Visuals, by pfe-

venting a free Trade in the said Commodities, have aTendency to discourage the Growth, and to

enhance the Price of the fame; which Statutes, if put in Execution, would bring a great Distrcfs

upon the Inhabitants of many Parts of this Kingdom, and in particular upon those of the Cities of

London and Westminster \ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-

Acti 3,4, 5, sp ment ailembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act, made in the Third and Fourth

6 Edw. VI. j Year of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, An Act for the buying and selling of Butter and Cheese \ and

also an Act, made in the Fifth and Sixth Year of King Edward the Sixth intituled, An Act against

Regrators, Forejloilers, and Engroffers; and also an Act, made in {he Third Y< ar of Philip and Mary,

intituled, An Act for the keeping of Milch Kine, and for breeding and rearing of Calves; and also an Act,*

made in the Fifth Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act touching Badgers of Corn, and Drovers rf

Cattle, to be licensed \ and also an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of King Charles the Second, inti-

tuled, An Act to prevent the felling of live fat Cattle by Butchers; and so much of an Act, made in the'

Fifth Year of Queen Anne% intituled, An Act for continuing the Laws therein mentioned relating to the

Act 15 Car. II5 Poor, and to the buying and selling of Cattle in Smith field, and forfuppr effing of Piracy, as relates to Butchers

uj 5 Cattle alive or dead within the Cities of London and IVejfmin/ier, or within Ten Miles thereof;

and all Acts made for the better Enforcement of the fame, b< ing detrimental to the Supply of the la-

bouring and manufacturing Poor of this Kingdom, shall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be

repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Informations, Indictments, Suits,

or Prosecutions, already commenced, for the inflicting any Punishment, or for the Recovery of any Fine,

Penalty, or Fo:feiture, under the said former Acts, or any of them, shall cease and determine; and no

tourer nr further Proceedings shall he had thereupon: And that no Information, Imliftment, Suit, or Prosecution,

but Proreedingi commenced orprosecuted against any Person or Persons whaifoevtr, under or by virtue of the said

to be void. Acts, cr any of them; but that all such Proceedings shall be voiJ, and of no Eflfcft j any Law, Statute

or Usage, to the Contraiy notwithfla^ding.

Act j Phil. Sc

Mary;

Act

repealed.

All Informi-

t»n% See. iom«

menced under

the tiid Acr%

to deterfnine

Preamble.

Debtors suffering

Pointing on a

Ii. mi 'g, or 111 -ill

l< irr>t rifor.ed, or

r;Mi e t '.» thi

Avbty, &c.

CAP. LX XII.

An Act for rendering the Payment of the Creditors of Insolvent Debtors more equal

and expeditious, and for regulating the Diligence of the Law by Arrtftmenc and

Poinding, and for extending the Privilege of Bills to Promissory Notes, and for li-

miting Actions upon Bills and Promissory Notes, in that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland.

WHEREAS by the Laws now subsisting in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ the per-

fonal Lftates of such Debtors as become Insolvent are generally carried off by the Diligences

of Arrcllment and Poinding, executed by a few Creditors, who, from the Nearness of their Rehdence

to, and Connection with such Debtois, get the earliest Notice of the Insolvency, to the great Pre-

judice of Creditors more remote and unconnected, and to the Disappointment of that Equality which

ought to take Place in the Distribution of the Estates of Insolvent Debtors among their Creditors: v

Therefore, to remedy such Injustice and Inequality in Time coming, and to render the Payment of

the Creditors of Insolvent Debtors more equal and expeditious, may it please Your most Excellent

Majesty th*t it may be enacted 5’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Conicnt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament a ire m bled, and by the Authority of the same, That when any Debtor, in that Part of Great Brr-

tain c alled Scotland, shall suffer a Poinding on a Horning, or on the Precept of an inferior Judge, after

t.ie D ys of the Charge are elapsed, to be executed against his personal E It ate, or any Part of it, or shall

be under Diligence by Horning and Cap.ion, and shall be imprisoned, or retire to the Abbey, or any

other privileged Place, or fly or abscond for his Personal Security, or defend his Person by Force; or

if

