A.D. 1771.

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

C. 36: 223

other Difirift ; but shall be applied solely to the Purposes of this Act, within such respective Districts where trirt net to be

the fa tic* is raised, levied. Or collected. applied in an-

XXXVII AnJ it ib a I o hereby enacted. That it dial] be in the Power of the Commissioners of any oneoi,l'r

r>i:t i:t t » dilpofc of the Street Dung, or Fulzie, collected in their respective Didrifts, by a Lease not Commissioneri

c\Lvt i rg lour Years. or in any other Way they may think proper, and to apply the Produce thereof forIT1,V of

th' P.-rp./fes of 1 his Act within such Distr.ct ; and where the Dung or Fulzie of any of the said Distriels is S rtct L>un^*

aRer.-v under Lena*, or otheiwife dftpfted of, the Produce thereof shall hr applied to the Purpofis of this

A;t in Maimer within such DittnCt only : And declining, that it shall be in the Power of the Com-

rri.uoner^ for the Dntiict ofPalter row and lUtjh to allow such a Sum as they shall judge roasonable

cm <•: \h” Act it nems of that Dilt/ift, or Money arising from the Price of Fulzie collected therein, and

id. f the uliovnt Magiftiate tin reof, for the Puipolb or defraying the Expence of hi> Office annually.

XX Will. And be it further enacted and declared, That all the Streets, Squares, Courts, Lanes* A I- The Property of

?c\ ', anJ Avenues, cornprehtnded in this Act, wf ich are at present the Propeity of the Pioprictors of *vmc 5torrrmin

1. »uf<> therein, or any J'erfon whatever, lh.nl icmain the Pioperty of such Proprietors, their Heirs and WI h duO*n-

Surceli »fs, and ar th' ir Disposal, from time to time, and at all times hereafter \ any Thing in this Act tom*

the vn-arav nutwithllun ing.

1 XXXIX. And, m hg <rd that the three last Districts above mentioned ; videlicet^ Gibbet Street% cause- Piftrifls cf Gib-

c t'.vr -/ -V, ai.d To.l crrji Diurifts, for which no Commissioners are hereby appointed, cannot at prelentS:rect»

* rude iLifhci nt Funds ror the Purpofis of carrying this Act into Execution within their respeciive BounJs, Caufrway^fiJe,

* on account of their heing hut thinly inhnted*’ it is hereby enacted, That it shall be in the Power of all , jrr‘ ^10,:P

• 1 1 . ^ J - 3 1 1 fi • - , ITUv aUcrwaidi

nr any of the f nd three Diitricts, at any I une hereafter, to apply, by Petition, to the Commissioners, at nominate Com.

nnn’mi

General Meeting; which Application shall be iigned by Inhabitants in such Diltiifts, pof-muiio->rrs and

•ail 1 wo-thirls of the Kent thereof, and shall contain a Nomination of five Commissioners, other Officers.

the I r

fcir.’g it

and aC'i'cctor, Treafuicr, and Clerk, fur tire said Dilbift, elected and qualified in Manner prefenbed

by this Act : And from thenceh rward, the Dittrift so applying fhc.ll have all the Privileges, and be subject

to all the Regulations heichy enacted, with regard to the other Diitricts.

XL. A no it is hereby further enacted, That it shall he in the Power of the Proprietors of the District of Impowering the

tsietion s Pa*k to aitefs themselves in such Sum, for paving the Streets and making common Sewers Proprietors or

within their Distnft, ns (huii be agreed upon by the Proprietors of Two-thirds of the Property within the J]1p" ^\e

Diltnct; which Ailcflinent shall not exceed two Shillings and Sixpence upon each Pound Sterling of the colJT.s°|,JrJ!-to

Rent of their Polleflion for one Year, and shall be allclLd by the Commissioners of that District by virtue rav<r u,c street?,

1 a this Act, upon Application to them by Two-thirds of the Proprietors as aforesaid, and be Lvied in the frc.

Tme Manner, and under th- lame Pen dtfis, with the Allftiinent of the Proprietors of Dweliing-houses and

©tn^r T enements in that D drift, for firming, watching, and cleansing thereof.

XLI. And be it further enacted. That the Charges and Expences of procuring and pa fling this Act, Etoners of

and of erecting Pods and Irons for the Lamps to be lighted in virtue hereof, shall be a defied upon the mi- pM,.lV ;iv a!

ferent Districts before mentioned, in propor.i n to their real Rents ; and shall be levied with, and in the 11,vv 0 tf r'vi*

fmc Manner, and at the firnc Terms with the other Alfifiments by virtue of this Act, in the first Ye ar

after obtaining thereof: And such Afleliment, for the Expence of obtaining this Act, shall be a Burden

on the Proprietors only, and shall be levied from the Inhabitants, along with the other Allftfinents, to

which they are liable, with Power to them to retain the fame out of the Rent payable by them to the Pio-

prirmrs of their Possessions.

XLIL And it is hereby further enacted. That if any Collector or Collectors shall refuse or r.cglcft to On Rrmotjl,

take upon himself or themselves the said CJlnce, or to execute the fame when chosen and appointed, or shall

remove out of the District for which he or they was or were so criofen, or shall die within the Year, or shall o[ col-

b- guilty of any Neglect or Misbehvaiour in the Performance of his or their Duty, or Ihull become info1- \,:t 0.-t 4 rcw '

vent ; then, and in all, any, or each of the Cafes afoieh.iJ, it shall and may be lawful to and for the ibid *>n?«»be ip-

C-ommi(sioners, or any three or more of them, within liieir reflective Diltric^s, at a Meeting to be called F^aitcw.

for that Purpose as aforesaid, at any intermediate Time of the Year, to appoint any other fit IVrtwi or I\r-

son>, imetming within the said District as aforclhid, to be Collector or Collectors of the find Rates or

A:kfiment> for such Difiiift for the remaining Part of the Ye.sr, in ilie Stead and Place of Inm or them so

rctifing, removing, dying, or guilty of Neglect or Mifbchaviour, or becoming mfoKcpt, as aforesaid.

XLilf. And it is hereby further enacted, I'uat in tale any Collector or C Hectors of cue I .id Rates or In of* Co!)cr-

Aflelfincnr^ Iliad become insolvent, or shall embezzle or m..kc away with, detain or milacply, a :y Sum or t

Sjrr.s of Money so coilcfted by him or them for the L ie aforesaid, so that the fame cannot be recovered

or (hat! die peflefTed of any Sum or Sums of Money by him or them collected by virtue of thi^ Ac*, and which

shall nut be paid by his or their Security or Securities, or by his or tikir Executors 01 Administrators ; then,

-nd m every inch Cafe, such Sum and Sums of Money shall be again rated and alieffed by the Uid Com-

r*o.iioners, or any tf ree or more of them, upon the Streets, Squares, Courts, Lancs, Alleys, and Pieces,

comp:ik*d in this Act, foi which such Perf n or Persons (had have been appointed Collector t»r Collectors,

in such Prop ution and Manner as the Rates or Assessments arc directed to be made determined by tins Act; and shall

br collectid, h vied, and ditlrained, in such Manner, and under inch Penalties, as arc herein before pro-

vided for codefting and levying the Rates due and payable by this Act.

1 XL1V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enafte1, 1'hat none of the Commissioners herein (.Viewers dif-

n?med, or who shall be hereafter chosen by virtue of this Act, shall act as a Commilfiouc: during such q i'^rd uom

Time as he or they shall execute the Office of Collector or Collectors of the Kates or Alie.iments to be *35 Co,a*

rafted and levied in puiluoncc of this Act- m liwuci*,.

XLV. And

fi.lvtTK

n-v to

ti. - M>

c t

