A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 23, 24^25. 667

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflerabledv and by the Authority of the same, Thai continncdfora

the said Act shall be, and is hereby continued, from the Expiration thereof, for the further Term of ^urther Term of

Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament- cvcn #arg*

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the MHItia in that Part of Great Britain

called England^ for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March> One thousand (even hun—

dred and tev-eaty-three.

CAP. XXIV. ' *

An Act for further continuing Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty’s Retgrt

for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in

His Majesty’s Dominions in America. ■—Preamble. Ad 12. Geo. 3. further continued tuuiL

March 24, 1775.

c a p. xxv:

An Act to explain Two Acts of Parliament, One of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign cf

of His late Majesty, for naturalizing: such Foreign Protestants, and others, as are settled*

; or shall settle, in any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America and the other of the Second

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for naturalizing such Foreign Protestants as

have served, or (Rail serve, as Officers or Soldiers in His Majesty’s Royal American Re*

giment* or as Engineers, in America.

TT J HERE AS- by an-Ad, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty PrembW.

King George the Second, (intituled, An Act for naturalizing such Foreign ProteJiantS) and others Ad 13 Ge*. 2R

4 therein mentioned, as are Jettled, or shall Jettle^ in any of His Majestfs Colonies in America), all Persons

4 born out of the Allegiance of His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeuors, who (halt have inhabited an4

4 resided, or shall inhabk or refude, for the Space of Seven Years or more, in any of His Majesty’s

“Colonies in America, or shall not have been absent out of the said Colonies for a longer Space than

4 Two Months at any One Time, during the said Seven Years, are, upon the Conditions prescribed

“by the said Act, naturalized and made Partakers of all the Benefits and Privileges which the naturals

born Subjects of this Realm do- enjoy, other than such a* are specified in a Proviso in the said

4 Act contained: And wherers by an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of* Litis present

Majesty, (intituled, An Act for naturalizing such Foreign Protestants as have served, or shall fervey for '

the Time therein mentioned, as Officers or Soldiers in His majeslfs Royal American Regimentor as Enr

4 gineers in America,) it is enacted, That all such Foreign Protestants, as well Officers as Soldiers,

4 who have served, or shall hereafter serve, in the Royal American Regiment, or as Engineers in Ame-

4 ricO) for the Space of Two Years, shall, upon the Terms required by the said recited Act, be

* deemed, adjudged, and taken to be His Majesty’s natural-born Subjects of this Kingdom, to all In-

' tents, Constructions. and Purposes, as if they and every of them had been, or were, born within-

4 this Kingdom; and in both whlcb Acts respectively are contained Provifoesy That no Pferfon, who

4 shall become a natural-born Subject of this Kingdom by virtue of the said Acts, shall be thereby*'

4 enabled to be of the Privy Council, or a Member of either House of Parliament, or to be capable

4 of taking, having, or enjoying any Office or Place of Trust within the Kinedom of Great Britain

* or Ireland, either Civil or Military, or of having, accepting,.or taking any Grant from the Crown*.

4 tohimself, or to any other in Trust for him, of any Lands, Tenements* or Hereditaments, within

the Kingdoms aforesaid And whereas Doubts may nevertheless ariTe, whether such Personsas have,

been, or may be naturalized under or by virtue of the said recited Acts, are capable of taking,

having, or enjoying any Office or Place of Trust, either Civil or Military, or of taking any Gfant

of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, from the Crown whatsoeverj be it enacted and declared 1

by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and bjr the Authority of the

fame. That all and every Person and Persons that have become, or shall become His Majesty’s na- ah Personrwb* j

tural-born Subjects, by Force or Virtue of the said Acts, or either of them, are and shall be deemed have, or shall

to be capable of taking and holding any Office or Place of Trust, either Civil or Military, and of become His M*-

taking and holding any Grant of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, from the Crown to himself ]*’! nV5[, U

or themselves, or to any other or others in Trust for him or them, as well under the Great Seal of by^irt^of *the

Great Britain* otherwise, (other than and except Offices and Places, and Grants of Lands, Tenc- fwdAttt, are

ments, and Hereditaments, within the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland) y any Law or Ad of hereby deemed

fiarliament ta tho Contxary notwithstanding*. capable of taking

and bolding.

Places of Trust,},

either Civil or

' i . t , , Military, Uo. -

CAPr

