499

A.D. 1772.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

C. 3?.

transfer such Securities, by Indorsement on the Back thereof, tb any Person or Persons whatsoever,

and so toties quoties \ and such Assignments or Transfers, after they shall respectively be entered by

the Clerk of the said Commissioners, in Manner aforesaid, (which he is hereby required to do without

Fee or Reward) shall intitle the Person or Persons to whom they shall be respectively made, and his,

her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security or Se-

curities so assigned or transferred.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies raised or collected by virtue or by Means, or Money verted in

under the Aulhority of this Act, shall be, and the fame are hereby |vested in the said Commissioners, Commissioners.

and shall be applied for the several respective Purposes of this Act, for which they are hereby authorised

to be raised, and to and for no other Ufc or Purpose whatsoever.

LXXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the Charges and Expences of pro- Expence* of the

curing and passing this Act, shall be paid out of the firfk Monies which shall be raised by virtue of this Act,

Ad.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time hereafter Streets m»ybe

Two-thirds, or more in Number and Value, of the Owners or Proprietors of Houses, Lands, Tene- p»v*d by the

ments, or Hereditaments, within any Street, Row, Lane, Alley, Court, Passage, or Place, within the Coi^miJr,oner,»

said Parish of Chrj/t Church, other than those herein-before particularly described, shall be desirous to rfTwo-xhl'rforf

take the Benefit of this Act, and to have the fame paved and cleared of Incroachments, Nufances, Ob- the Owoen,&c.

ftrudions, and Annoyances, and shall, by Writing under their Hands, signify such their Desire, and

the Manner in which they would have the fame paved, to the said Commissioners, and they shall ap-

prove thereof; that then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause the fame to be done,

and they are hereby impowered to rate and assess the Inhabitants of every such Street, Lane, Passage,

Alley, Court, or Place, for the Purposes aforesaid, in such and the same Manner, and in such Pro-

portions, as they are herein before authorised to rate and assess, within the several Streets, Rows, Lanes,

Alleys, and PI aces, herein-before particularly named anddirefted to be paved, and to raise Money upon

Annuities for Lives, or otherwise, upon the Credit of such Rates or Assessmems, for the only rurpose

of defraying the Expences of the said Works, and other Matters and Things relating thereunto, but

for no other Purpose whatsoever ; and the Pavement of the said Street, Lane, or other Place, com-

prehended in such Desire in Writing, shall, after an Order made by the said Commissioners, or any

Seven or more of them, for the Purposes aforesaid, be from thenceforth veiled in the said CommU-

sioners, and such Street or Place shall remain under the fame Government, Direction, and Manage-

ment, of them and their Officers, or other Persons appointed by them for that Purpose, as the said,

several Streets, Rows, Lanes, and Places first authorised to be paved ; and the said Commissioners,

Officers, Servants, Workmen, and other Persons acting under them, shall have the fame Power and

Authority in, over, and through such Street or Place applied for as aforesaid, and over the several

Inhabitants, Landlords, Tenants, and Occupiers thereof. Companies, Commissioners, Bodies Politick

and Corporate, and their Officers, Servants, and Workmen, and all and every other Person or Persons

whatsoever, interested or intitled to any Privilege therein, and every Matter and Thing relating to the

Premises, as the said Commissioners, and their Officers, Servants, and Workmen, acting under them,

are inverted with by this Act, for the better Management, ordering, regulating, and rendering more

commodious the several Streets, Rows, Lanes, and Places hereby first authorised to be paved; and

every Clause, Matter, and Thing, contained in this Act, shall be construed, adjudged, deemed, and

taken to extend, to every such Street, Lane, and Place, applied for as aforesaid, as also to the several

Inhabitants, Landlords, Tenants, and Occupiers thereof. Companies, Commissioners, Bodies Politick

and Corporate, their Officers, Servants, and Workmen, and all and every other Person or Persons in-

terefted or intitled to any Privilege therein, and every Matter or Thing relating to, or in any wise

concerning the Premises, in like Manner as the fame Clauses, Matters, and Things extend, and shall

be adjudged or construed to extend, in similar Cafes, to the several Streets, Rows, Lanes, and Places,

first authorised to be paved, and the several Inhabitants, Landlords, Tenants, and Occupiers thereof.

Companies, Commissioners, Bodies Politick and Corporate, and all and every other Person or Person^

whatsoever, interested or intitled to any Privilege therein, or to any Matter or Thing relating to the

Premises ; and the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punishments, shall be inflicted, and for the like

causes, as are herein exprefi'ed, and shall be sued for, recovered, levied and executed, inthefame Manner.

LXXXV HI. And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, from Commissionsn

Time to Time, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons against whom any Action or Ac- _ compound

tions. Suit or Suits, shall be brought, commenced, or prosecuted, for any Penalty or Penalties con- fortny Penalty

tained in this Act, or in any Contraft, or Contracts entered into on Account of any Breach or Non-ftenby th«

performance of any such Contraft or Contrafts for such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think Act» ormitigitc

proper, and also to mitigate, compound, or Jcffen any other the Forfeitures incurred under this Act,

so as ihe Sums so compounded and agreed for be not less than the Injury or Damage sustained by the

Breach or Nonperformance of any Clause comprised in this Act, or of such Contraft or Contrafts,

and all the Costs, Charges, and Expences which shall be occasioned thereby, and so as the Mitigation

of the other Forfeitures as aforesaid do not extend to remit above One Moiety of the said Forfeitures

respectively.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, (the penljt|cl not

Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed), (nail be le- otherwise pro*

vied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the "* ^r, few to

Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace acting in and for the County* or Liberty of his Majesty’s *reCQTCrcd*

3 S a Tower

