A'. D. 1773; Aimo decimo tertio Georgii III. G. 32. £99

and also to all Constables, Orothtr Pdaoe Officers of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty,

Town, or Phce? where (itch Wirram shall be foiintlorfed, to execute the said Warrant in the Coun-

nr, Riding, Division, City* Liberty* Town, of Place, where it is so indorsed, by apprehending the

rerfon or Persons agahaft whom such Warrant is granted, and to convey him, her, or them, into the

County or Place- of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, being adjacent to that PaFt of Great

Britain called Enghind where the Crime was committed:; apd before the Sheriff, or Steward depute, or

Substitute, or One of the Justices of the Peace of such County or Place, to be there dealt with ac-

cording-to Law: Or in case the Crime was committed in a County not next adjacent to tha$

Part of Great^Britain called England \ then, and in such Cafe, to convey him, her, for them, into any

County of that Part of Great Britain called Scothmd, neat adjacent to that Part o( Grtqt Britain called

England, and before the Sheriff, or StewaixUdepute, Substitute, or One of the Justices of the Peace

of such County j which Sheriff, Steward, or Justice of the Peace, is hereby required to proceed

with regard to such Pferfon of Persons according to the Rules and fra&tce of the Law of Scotland,

as if the said Person or Persons had been apprehended in the said County,

III.And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Expence of removing E*pence of re-

Prisoners as aforesaid {hall- be repaid to the Person defraying the fame by the Treasurer of moving Pri-

the County of that Part of Great Britain called England, or by the Sheriff, or Steward-depute, or fa* to be dc-'

Substitute, of the County of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in which the Crime wa* by

committed, the Amount of that Expence being previowfly ascertained by an Account thereof* ^*tur*J,0En.

verified upon Oath before Two of the Justices or the Peace of such county, and allowed an i land, or by the

filmed by them. Sharifif-depute io

Scotland.

4 IV. And whereas ft frequently happens in both Parts of the United Kingdom, that Persons having Perfom who

4 stolen or otherwise feloniously taken away Money, Cattle, Goods, or other Effects, carry the fame /Hall have stolen

4 Into the other Part of the United Kingdom, and there have the said Money, Cattle, Goods, or other Money.Ac. in

4 Effects, in their Possession or Custody; and Doubts have been entertain^, whether tftqy

4 be indicted and tried in that Part of the United Kingdom, as the original Offence was not there

4 committed.;' be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing offer Thth.

this Act; if any Person or Persons haying: stolen, or otfceryvife fejomoufty t^ken Mpney»

Cattle, Goods,-or other Effects, in either Part of the Unkcd Kingdom, shall afterward* have the

fame Money, Cattle, Goods, or other Effects, or any Part thereof, in his, her, pr their possessioit

or Custody, in the other Part of the United Kingdom* it Quill and may be lawful to indict, try,

and punirn such Person or Persons for Theft or'Larceny in that Part of the United Kingdom

where he, flic, or they shall so have such Money, Cattle; Goods, or other Effects, in his, her,

or their Possession or Custody, as if the said Money, Cattle, Goods, pc other EfjFefts, had been

stolen in that Part of the United* Kingdom.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority afonefiiid, Th*t if any Person or Persons, in Rectiveri of

either Part of the United Kingdom, shall hereafter receive or haye any Money, Cattle, Goods, or Money, &c. in

other Effects, stolen, or otherwise feloniously taken, in the other Part of the United Kingdom, e!lhei.p"?of

knowing the fame to be stolen, or otherwise feloniously taken, every such Person or Persons *"* K,»8jotn,

fcall be liable to be indicted, tried, and pun idled for such Offence in that Part of the United fa^Tto be stolen.

Kingdom where he, she, or they shall so receive or have the said Money, Cattle, Goods, or also liable to be*'

other Effects, in the fame -Manner, to all Intents and PurpOfes, as if the said Money, Cattle, pumihed.

Goods, or other Effects* had been originally stolen, or otherwise feloniously taken, in that Part

of the United Kingdom,

H EREAS  the Cultivation of Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, Parsnips, Pea fey and Preamble.

Carrots, is of great Confrquence to this Kingdom, and the Laws in being are ineffcdual

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty third Year of His

late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the preventing the dealing or

destroying of Turnips and for the more effectually prfcYWing the stealing or destroy-

ing of Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, Parsnips, Pease, ^nd Carrots.

: W

4 for preventing the fteaTing and destroying the fame;’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by ana with the Advice and Con fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after

the First Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, if any Person shall fte.d

and take away, or maliciously pull up or destroy, any Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, Parsnips, Pease,

or Carrots, growing or being in any Garden, Lands, or'Grounds, open or inclosed, and shall be

theTebf convrded before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where

the Offence shall be committed, either by the Confession of the Party offending, or by the Oath

of One or more credible Witness or WitnelTcfs, (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby

impowered to administer), every Person so offending, and being convicted as aforesaid, shall for-

feit and pay, upon such Conviction, such Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Ten Shil-

lings, over and above the Value of the Goods stolen, as to such Justice or Justiers dial! Item meet ;

which Uum of Money lhull be jdistributed between the Owner of such Turnipr, Potatoes, Cah-

Aftrr i*

1773.

llcaling Turn'-?,

Potatoes, Cab-

bages, Acc. from

any Garden,

kinds, Ac. (ba’1

fotfc’t lor. fa

Conviction, be-

fide the Value

of the Gocris

Uvler.

