58o 068.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1772.

Proceeding* to

be entered io a

Book,

to be read in

^ Evidence.

Ni A‘l valid

unlet's d-tnc at a

publ.ck Meet-

ing.

Commissione'* to

and to pay their

Salaries.

Officer* faking

larger Fee* than

mentioned, the Number of such Commissioners present at such Publick Meetings not being less than

Five, (except where a greater Number is declared necessary by this Act); and all the Orders and Pro-

ceedings of the major Part of such Commissioners, present at such Publick Meetings, shall have the

fame Force and Effect as if done or made by all such Commissioners for the Time being.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Acts, Orders, and Pro-

ceedings of such Commissioners, from Time to Time, shall be entered in a Bock or Books to be kept

for that Purpose, and signed by the Chairman for the Time being at their next Meeting; and such Or-

ders shall then he deemed and taken to be original Orders, and such Book or Books (nail and may be

produced, and read in Evidence, in all Courts whatsoever.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Act of such Com-

missioners shall be valid unless done or made at some Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, and

confirmed at the next subsequent Meeting.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the find Commissioners shall

appo/nt Officer*; an^ maY> by Writing under their Hands and Seals, from Time to Time, as they shall find it necessary,

9 appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors, Surveyor or Surveyors,

and such other Officer or Officers at they shall think proper, and shall take such Secuiity as they shall

think proper from such Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers, for the due and

faithful Discharge of their respective Offices; and likewise may, from Time to Time, remove any or ei-

ther of such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, and appoint others in the Room of such of

them as shall be so removed, or that shal] die; and the said Commissioners shall and may, out of the Mo-

nies arising by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes herein-after mentioned, pay, or cause to be paid, such

Salaries, or other Allowances, as they shall judge reasonable to be paid or made to the Officers or other

Persons so appointed, for and in connderation of his and their Office and Offices respectively; and to

such other Person or Persons as have been or shall be aiding and assisting in and about the Execution of

this Act, for any such Purposes.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Treasurer, Clerk, Collec-

aiijvve/by Com- *or* Surveyor, or other Officer or Servant, which shall or may hereafter be appointed by the said Com-

miifionen, missioners in the Execution of this Act, or any Part thereof, shall exact, demand, take, or accept any

Fee or Reward whatsoever, other than such Salaries and Rewards as shall he appointed, allowed, and

approved of by such Commissioners as aforesaid, for or on Account of any Thing done, or to be done,

by virtue of this Act, or for foibearing to do any Thing ordered or directed by the Commissioners for

putting this Act in Execution, or on any Account whatsoever relating to the Execution thereof, or shall

any way be concerned or interested in any Bargain or Contraft made, or to be made, by such Commis-

sioners, or any of them, for any of the Purposes intended by this Act; every Person so offending shall,

for ever, be incableof fervingor being employed under the said Commissioners, and over and above forfeit

and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, by Ac-

tion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record, within Six Calen-

dar Months, next after the Offence committed, wherein no Protection, Essoin, or Wager of Law or

more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Property of all the present and

future Pavements whatsoever, in all or any the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages,

and Places, or any Part or Parts thereof, whether Foot or Carriage-way, within the said Part of the said

Parish of Saint Sc^uLhre, which is and lieth in the County of Middlesex, shall be, and the fame is here-

by vested in the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution; and they may cause all or any of the

said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, or any Part or Parts thereof,

whether Foot or Carriage-ways, to be new*paved or repaired, and for such Purposes may cause to be

dug, carted, and carried out of, or brought into, the fame or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof,

such Gravel, Stones, and other Materials as they shall judge necessary; and may likewise cause the

Ground thereof to be raised or lowered, the Course of the Gutters or Channels running in or through the

fame, to be turned or altered, new Grate? to the Common Sewers to be added or replaced, and in what

Numbers or Places they shall think proper; and the Water-pipes which now lie, or hereafter shall be

laid, under Ground to be taken up, and new laid in such Places, Manner, and Form as they shall

judge best; and may cause all or any Ports or Rails in such Streets or Places within the limits aforesaid,

as they shall judge uielcfs, or to be a Nuisance or Obflruftion either to Foot-passengers or to Carriages,

to be taken up and removed; and likewise all Steps, Bulks, Stalls, Dung-holes, Saw-pits, Shew-glaifes,

and Shew-boaids, encroaching upon the Foot-way; as also all Steps and Doors opening or leading

from the Foot-way or Carriage-way into Vaults, Cellars, or other Places, to be removed, filled up,

or altered, as they the f.yd Commissioners shall judge necessary.

Old Materials XX XT. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Property of all Stones, Ports,

m*y be fdd. and ail and every Part and Parts of the old Materials, which shall Vftong to the old Pavement, as well of the

Carriage as of the Foot-ways, shall be vested in the said Commilfiuners; and it shall be lawful for them,

or their Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being, by their Order, to sell and dispose of the fame or

of all or any Part or Parts thereof, to such Person or Persons who shall be willing to buy or purchase the

fame, and to apply the Purchase-money arising by such Sale to the Purposes of this Act, under the

Direction of the faij Commissioners.

Ma^riiSa!so XXXII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be

miy be nude use ]3 . fu| for ;he Lid Commissioners to order ail or any of the said Old Materials to be made use of in

ol* pacing or repaying any Square, Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Alley, Passage, or Place, within the

Limits

to forfeit xool.

Pave m-n'sve fled

fd the Commis-

fioner*, who

may cause the

J tre *, Sec. to

be new paved.

