C. 2,

3> 4*

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1771

iPreamble,

'Until Feb. 1,

1772, trading

Ships or Vessels

may be navi-

gated by foreign

Seamen 5

lb as their Num-

ber do not exceed

A fourths of the

Mariner* em-

ployed.

This A& not to

retrain the Ef-

sect of any Royal

Proclamation

made by virtue

t«f A €t 13 Geo. ti

CAP. II.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry,

for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one.

CAP. III.

An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his M.ijesty’s Ships of War,

and on Board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and VefTds.

4 T?OR the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board

S} Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels;* be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing

of this Act, until the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and no longer,

(except in respect to such Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships or Vefi'els, which shall be on their

Voyage before the said first Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, who shall be,

ana are hereby allowed the Liberty and Benefit of returning home, navigated in the Manner as herein after

is provided), it shall and may be lawful for any Merchant Ship, or other trading Ship or Veil'd, to be na-

vigated by foreign Seamen or Mariners, not being Natives of Great Britain, or of any of the Colonies or

Plantations thereto belonging, or his Majesty’s natural or naturalized Subjects, so as the Number of such.

foreign Seamen or Mariners do not exceed three-fourths of the Mariners at any one Time employed to na-

vigate such Merchant Ship, or other trading Ship or Vessel; and that one-fourth, at least, of the Mariners

or Seamen so employed be at all times Natives, or his Majesty’s naturalized Subjects of Great Britain (fudJcn

Death and Hazard, and Casualties of War, and the Seas, saved and excepted); one Act of Parliament

made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the second, intituled, An Act for

the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, or any other Statute or Law to the contrary not-

withstanding.

II. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to take away, or restrain the Effect

of any such Royal Proclamation, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, are impowered to make by vir-

tue of an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, 4 An Act for the better

c Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships

and other tiding Ships, and Privateers.*

CAP. IV.

An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Alt made in the twenty-jirfi Tear of

the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects,

against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever, as relates to the prosecuting his Majesty’s

Right, Title, or Claim, to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within

the Precinct, District, or Liberty of the Savoy, in the County of Middlesex, or to any the

Appurtenances to the fame therein mentioned.

frreimfele. TT 7 HEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

A&9 Geo. 3. « y V intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the twenty-first Year of

the Reign of King fames the First, intituled, An Act for the general £>uiet of the Subjects, against all Pre-

4 tences of Concealment whatsoever, it is enacted, That nothing in the said Act contained shall extend, or be

4 prejudicial, to any Right, Title, or Claim, which his Majesty then had to any Messuages, Lands, Te-

nements, or Hereditaments, within the Precinct, District, or Liberty, Commonly called The Savoy, in

the County of Middlesex, or to any the Manors, Messuages, Advowsons, Buildings, Lands, Tenements,

Hereditaments, and Appurtenances, being the Estate and Possession of the late Hospital of The Savoy, or

of the Master and Chaplains of the said Hospital, so as such Right, Title, or Claim, be prosecuted with

4 Effect, by Bill, Plaint, Information, or other Suit or Proceeding, in some of his Majesty’s Courts of Re-

c cord at Westminster, within the Space of two Years, from the first Day of January, one thousand seven

shall not be pre- C hundred and sixty-nine: And whereas it is necessary that the Time mentioned in the said Provision should

judicial to any be enlarged; now therefore, for amending the same in that Particular,’ be it enacted by the King’s most

Claim which the Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

then had mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That nothing in the said Act

f?c wkhm’he conta*nec* exten(l> or be prejudicial to any Right, Title, or Claim, which his Majesty then had, or

Savoy, now hath to any of the Premises therein and herein before mentioned, so as such Right, Title, or Claim be

prosecuted by Bill, Plaint, Information, or other Suit or Proceeding, in some of his Majesty’s Courts of

Record at Westminster, within the Space of two Years, from the first Day of January, one thousand seven

hundred and seventy-one; any Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided

