A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. G so, tr.

the Money, from Time.to Time repaid or rttraburftd, shall be again applicable to the repairing and

amending of such Breaches of Banks as aforesaid, or to the Payment of the Money borrowed for that

Purpose; and that (b much thereof as shall be aeain applied in repairing such Breaches of Banks, be again

repaid or reimbursed out of the general yearly Revenue of the said Corporation, arising from the Rents

and Taxes of the said Middle and Shutn Levels, in Manner aforesaid 5 and so Mies quoties as often as

any Money so repaid or reimbursed shall be again laid out in Repairs of Breaches of Banks, as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed Ad,

and allowed rn all Courts within this Kingdom to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken No-

tice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Person without ({serially pleading the feme.

CAP. X.

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Ptpifts j and for Relief

of Prcrtestant Purchafert. EXP* ift January 1773.

CAP. XI.

An Act for the better regulating the future Marriages of the Royal Family.

Afo/I Gracious Sovereign

c \\T HE REAS Your Majesty, from Your Paternal AffeAbit Co Your dWttFmily, and from Psetmbk.

1 W Your Royal Concern for the future Welfare of Your People, and the Honour and Dignity of

4 Your Crown* was graciously pleased to recommend to Your Parliament to take into their serious Cori-

4 ^deration, Whether it might not be wife and expedient to supply the Defied of the Laws now in be-

* ing *, and, by some new Provision, more effectually to guard the Descendants of His late Majesty King

4 Gec'ge the Second, (other than the Issue of Princesses who have married, or may hereafter marry, into

4 ioicign Families) from marrying without the Approbation of Your Majesty, Your Heirs, Or Suc-

4 ceflors, hr ft had and obtained; we have taken this weighty Matter into our serious Connderation ;

4 and, being sensible that Marriages in the Royal Family are of the highest Importance to the State,

4 and that therefore the Kings of this Realm have ever been entrusted with the Care and Approbation

~ 4 thereof; and, being thoroughly convinced of the Wifilom and Expediency of what Your Majesty has

4 thought he to recommend, upon this Occasion, we. Your Majesty's tnoft dutiful and loyal Subjlda

4 the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, do humbly

4 beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Ma-

jesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That no Descendant of the Body Wo Defctndiit

of His late Majesty King George the Second, Male or Female, (other than the Issue of Princesses who

have married, or may hereafter marry, into Foreign Families) shall be capable of contradine Matri- /other than the

mony without the previous Consent of His Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors, signified under tnc Great issue of Prin-

Seal, and declared in Council, {which Consent, to preserve the Memory thereof, is hereby directed to cefle*carried, or

be ftt out in the Licence and Register of Marriage, and to be entered in the Books of the Privy Coun- ?ho mirrJ

cil) ; and that every Marriage, or Matrhnonial Contract, of any such Descendant, without such Con-

sint first had and obtained, shall be null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever. capable of con!

trailing Marri-

fnony without the fKTioot Content of His Majesty, Hit Mein, Sec. signifieft under the Great Seal, declared in Council, and entered in ihc Privy Council Books.

Every Marr.age of any (ochDefendant, witheut (Web Coofent, (halibc null and void.

n. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any such Descendant I* case any

of the Body of His late Majesty King George the Second, being above the Age of Twenty-five Years, Descendant of

shall persist in his or her Resolution to contract a Marriage disapproved of, or dissented from, by the *>11 *f,n8

King, His Heirs, or Successors ; that then such Descendant, upon giving Notice to the King's rrivy

Council, which Notice is hereby directed to be entered in the nooks thereof, may, at any Time from COntratf TMar-

the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months after such Notice given to the Privy Council as aforesaid, riage di(approved

contract such Marriage; and his or her Marriage with the Person before proposed, and rejtded, may ofbyHtsMaicfty,

be duly solemnized, without the previous Consent of His Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors ; and such ^cfccndani.

Marriage shall be good, as if this Act had never been made, unless both Houses of Pailinment shall, be- Months Notice

tore the Expiration of the said Twelve Months, expressly declare their Disapprobation of such intended to the Pnvy

Marriage. * Council, may

contrail such

Star riage j and the fame may Vo duly so]-mailed, without the previous Coastit of His Majesty ; and shall be good ; except both Houses of patliaojCJ*

dhall declare i heir D16pprobation theteuf.

III. Ard be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall knowingly Peiftmt who

or wilfully presume to solemnize, or to assist, or to be present at the Celebration of any Marri gc with shall wilfully so-

any such Descendant, or at his or her making any Matrimonial Contract, without such Consent as kmr',r>

aforesaid first had and obtained, except in the Cafe above mentioned, being duly convicted 4'0‘

thereof, incur and sufferthe Pains and Penalties ordained and provided by tho Statute of Provision and Marriage, u tb-

treemwire made in the Sixteenth Yew of the Reign of Richard the Second. out such Cm-

sent, Ibs'l on

Gmm'Jjbea» idWf tbs Ftaaltics provided by the Statute acd Frcxmanut lb K*h. II.

CAP.

