JI2

Expences of the

Act to be defray-

ed out of the fiift

Money arising

by the Tolls.

Penalties and

Forfeitures how

to be recovered

and applied*

Proviso.

Justices may ad-

mimfter Oaths.

Justices may aft

although Com-

miliioners.

Commissioner*

to dcfiay their

own Expences.

Diflrefr. not to he

deemed unlawful

for want of

Form,

nor the Party

distraining be

deemed a Tref-

paffcr ab initio.

Plaintiff's not to

recover if Ten-

der of Amends

be made.

Writings to be

without Stamps.

Orders, Sec. to

he entered in

Books.

Persons aggriev-

ed may appeal to

the Quarter Scf-

fioni*

C. 54. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

LXXV. Provided,al ways, and be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of procuring and

passing this Act, shall be paid out of the Monies which shall be raised by virtue of this Act.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, (the Man-

ner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and

recoveied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal

of any Justice of the Peace acting in and for the County, Liberty, or Place where the Offence shall be

committed; which Warrant such Justice is hereby impow’ered and required to grant, upon the Confession

of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon

Oath; and the Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus, (if any be) upon

Demand, to the Party or Parties whose GooJs and Chattels shall he so distrained, (the Charges of such

Distress and Sale being first deduced) shall be paid to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners for

the time bein», and be applied towards the Purposes of this Act: And in case sufficient Distiefs cannot be

found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for

such Justice, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand, to cause such Offen-

der or Offenders to be comm tted to the Common Gaol of the County where such Olfence shall be com-

mitted, or where such Offender shall be convicted thereof, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for

ary l ime not exceeding two Months, nor less than one Wetk, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and

all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

LXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said

Commissioners, or any three or more of them, from time to time, if they shall fee Cause, to pay and apply

such Part of the said Penalties and Forfeitures thereof as they shall think proper, not exceeding one Half

thereof, to and for the Use of the Informer or Informers; any Thing herein contained to the contrary

thereof not with (landing.

LXXV111. And be it further ena^cd, That, in all Cafes where Cognizance is given to any Ju(lice or

Justices of the Peace by this Act, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to administer an Oath to any

Person, for his or their more certain Jnfo:mation in the Matter then depending.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice or Justices of

the Peace for the County of Middiefe*, or for any Justice or Justices for the Liberty of his Majesty’s Tower

of London* although such Justice or Justices shall be Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, to hear and

determine any Offences arising within their respective Jurisdiclions, which are made punishable by virtue

of this Act.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, 7'hat the said Commissioners shall, at all their Meetings under this

Act, pay and defray their own Lxpefices.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That wdiere any Distress or Sale shall be made for any Sum or Sums

of Money to be levied by virtue of th.s Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party

or Parties making the lame be deemed a Trcfpaffer or Trespassers, on Account of any Defect or want of

Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasscr or Tref-

passers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be hereafter done by the Party or Parties dif-

training or felling; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover such Satisfaction

for the special Damage in an Action on the Cale.

LXXXII. Provided always, That no Plaintiff shall recover in any Action for any such Irregularity,

Trespass, or other Proceedings, if l ender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the Behalf the Party

or Parties w ho shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrong

Proceeding before such Action brought; and the Defendant or Defendants, in any such Action, by Leave

of the Court where such Action shall depend, may, at any Time before Issue joined, pay into Court such

Sums of Money as he or they shall think fit; whereupon such Proceedings, or Orders and Judgements

shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court, as^n other Actions where the Defendant shall be

allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Contract, Bond, Warrant, Judgement,

or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by any Com-

missioner or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or under the

Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by any other Person or Persons whomsoever relating

to the Execution of this Act, shall be chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

LXXXiV. And be it further enacted, 'That the Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners, or

any of them, at all their Meetings, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and

such O de;s and Proceedings To entered shall be signed by the Clerk or Clerks, at any Meeting of three or

more of the said Commissioners assembled, as the CaTe ihail require; and such Order shall be deemed and

taken to be original Orders for that Purpose j which Book or Books shall and may be produced and read

in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

LXXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him-

self, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Tiling done in purfunnee of this Act, such Person or Persons

shall and may, within three Months next after the Cause of Complaint ilia)] arise, appeal to the Justices of

the Peace, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the County of Middltfexy

or Liberty of his Majesty’s Tower of London, such Appellant first giving, or cauling to be given, five Days

Notice in Writing, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or Caules there-

of, to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, and, within fourteen Days next after fu^h No-

tice, entering into a Recognizance or Recognizances, before some Justice of the Peace in and for the said

County or Liberty, with twoiufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, mentioned in such Notice,

