The TITLES of

Parish of Kinver% otherwise Kinfart% in the County of

Stafford.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

Arable Fields, Parcels of Meadow, or Palture, and

other Grounds, within the Parish of HarJ>bamy in the

Parish of Agnes Burton, in the County of fork.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Field,

and the Commons, Common of Pasture, and Waste

Grounds, within the Parishes of Skipton, and Kjldwick, in

the County of York

71. An Act to distblve the Marriage of John Featberston

Bowerbank, with Anne Jane Bonnet, his now Wife, and

to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes

therein mentioned.

72. An Act to enable Edward Gregge Hopwood, (late Ed-

ward Gregge) y Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body,

and the other Persons therein described, to retain, take,

and use the Surname of Hopwoody and to bear and quarter

the Arms of Hopwoody pursuant to the Will of Robert

Hopwood deceased.

73. An Act for vesting certain Manors, ^ands, and Tene-

ments, in the Isle of Wighty Part of the settled Estate of

Sir Thomas Miller Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold; and

lor purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments, to be

settled to the lame Uses.

74. An Act for discharging divers Messuages, Lajids, and

Hereditaments, Part of the Estate of John Hudjon late of

Brffw^by, in the County of York> Esquire, deceased, from

the uses of his Marriage Settlement, and for settling

other Lands and Hereditaments to the same Uses.

75. An Act for vesting the Moiety of the Manor of Ruffels,

and the Moiety of divers Messuages, Lands, and Here-

ditaments, with the Appurtenances in Chefilford, other-

wife Clifford^ and other Places in the County of Suffolk,

compriz-td in the Settlement made previous to the Mar-

riage of Mr. Charles Smithy and Elizabeth his now Wife,

late Elizabeth Bishop Spinster, inTrustees, to be sold; and

for purchafine other Lands and Hereditaments, to be

settled to the like Uses.

76. An Act to enable the Governors of the Free Grammar

School of Edward the Sixth, late King of England, in the

Town of ScdLerghy in the County of Yonf, to exchange

certain Lands and Possessions of the said School, therein

mentioned, with IValtcr Vavafoury of Ifaston, in the said

County, Esquire, for other Lands in the Parish of Sed-

berghy aforesaid, of greater Value, to be settled to the

fame Uses.

77. An Act for impowering the Judges of the Court of

Stffny in SiOtlandy to fell each Part or Parts of the

Lit ate of Barb Am in the Slcwartry of Kirkcudbrignty

belonging to John ATCullcch, no v of Barholmy as shall

be fuftu'tent for Payment of the Debts aflefting the fame,

and for settling the Remainder of the said Estate in T ail

on the fame Series of Heirs, and in the lame Manner, as

is mentioned in a Deed of Entail, made in the Year One

thousand seven hundred and sixty-two.

78. An Act to impower the Feoffees of Roan s Charity in

Creeuuichy to fell a Mcflu.ige, and Two Pieces of Land,

Part of the Estate of the said Charity, to the Vicar ol

the said Parish, and to apply the Money arising by such

Sale in th' Purchase of other Lands, to he conveyed to

the like Uses; and to enable the said Vicar to take a

Conveyance of the said M<(fuage, and Two Pieces or

Land; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

79. An Act for felling the settled Estates of hinny Cor niff

JlenUy, Esquire, in Lyme Regis, I fasten Fitz-pain, aou

Alai lea Newtony in the Count of Dot lety anJ for iavc'g

out the Money to aruc thereby in the Purchase of other 1

the STATUTE.S.

Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the fame Ufc»

as the said feitied Estates now (land limited.

80. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and all other Commonable Lands, and cer-

tain Lot Ground, within the several Villages, or Town-

ships of Beck ford, G'aftony Affton Under billy and Bni-

grove in the Parish of Beckford, and County of G'.vu-

cester.

81. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and Common Pastures of Sheajby, in the

Parish of Kt:apt9ft, and County of Leicester.

82. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commoi*

Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Fen, Cow Pasture*

and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Helpring-

haniy in the County of Lincoln.

83. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons

or Pastures, called Hognaston IVynny and Hcgnajhn Old-

fi Idy within the Liberty of Hognajlony in the County of

Derby.

84. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable

Lands, within the Parish of Longmarftony in the County

of Gloucester\

85. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands

and Commons, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties1

of Little Stukely, in the County of Huntingdon

86. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable

Fields, Meadow and Pasture Grounds, within the Town-

ship of Prejlony in Holderncffey in the Ealt Riding of the

County of York.

87. An Act for fevering, dividing, inclosing, and allotting-

divers Parcels of Common, or Waste Grounds, wiihm

the Townships of Groppcnhall and Latchford, in the

County Palatine of Lhejlcr.

88. An Act for dividing aifd inclosing the f-vcral Open

Fields, within the Township and rarish of Draxy in

the Weft Riding of the County of York.

89. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

Fields, Carrs, Ings, or Meadow GrounJs and Com-

mons 01 Waste Grounds within the Township and Pa-

rish of Holme upon Spalding Aloor% in the East Riding of

the County of York.

90. An Act to dilfolvc the Marriage of John Goran

Esquire, with John Norris Fijhcr, his now Wife, and

to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes

therein mentioned.

91. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Green Clerk,

with Elizabeth Green, his now Wife, and to enable him

to marry again; and for other Pur poles therein men-

tioned.

92. An Act for making a Partition and Division of certain

Estates, in the Parish of Ryton, in the County of Dur-

hunt, between Sir Edward Blackett Baronet, and Sir

fk altar Blackett Baronet, pursuant loan Agreement made

between them.

93. An Act for the Division, Allotment, and Appropri-

ation of several Messuages. Landi, and Hereditaments*

>n the several Counties or LAce/hr, Nottingham, and Lin-

coln, tile Estates of Thonuis Heron Esquire, whereof fie is

citlicr Tenant lor Lite, under diiLrent Settlement!, or

whtreunlo.he is imitled to him anJ his Heirs in P ee

Sin.pie.

94. An Act for vcfling Part of the settled Eflite of Smith

Child Gentleman, in the County of Stafford, in Fiuf-

t.es, to be sold, to raise M.»ncy to pay oft the Incum-

brances charged upon, and allotting the fame, and lor

other Purposes therein mentioned.

f » 95. An

