186 C. 30<

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1771,

flicers to give

Security*

Trfafurers, &c. to nominate and appoint Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors, Scavengers, Rakers, and Cleanfers of the Streets,

to be appointed, and Keepers and Lighten of Lamps, and other Officers and Servants, necessary in the Execution of this,

present A& 5 and, at Pleasure, to remove and displace them, or any of them, respectively; and to limit

and appoint the Salaries, Wages, and other Allowances, to be made and given to such Officers and Ser-

vants; and to direct and appoint the Number of Lamps to be set up, and the Places to which they shall

be affixed; and to make such other and farther Orders, Rules, and Regulations, as the Nature of each

particular Service shall seem to require; and, from time to time, to vary, alter, revoke, or make void,

any of the said Rules and Regulations 5 and to do such other Acts and Things as to the said Commissioners,

or to the Majority of them, in a General Meeting assembled, shall seem proper and necessary for putting

this Act into Execution.

VIII. Provided always. That all and every Officers and Servants, (other than Day Labourers) who

shall be employed by the said Commissioners under the Powers given by this Act, shall, before bi< or their

Admission into such Office or Service, give such Security and Securities for due and faithful Performance

as to the said Commissioners, or to the Majority of them, in a General Meeting assembled, shall appear

to be just and reasonable.

Commoner. to IX. And be it like wife enacted, That it shall be in the Power of the said Commissioners, or of any

Brocks a&cfr°m seven or more them, to take, preserve, and use, for the Purposes of supplying the said Town of South

9 # Leith) Territory of Saint Anthony* and Yard Heads of Leith, and the Inhabitants of the fame, with Water,

all such Brooks, Streams, Watercourses, and other Supplies of Water which the said Town of South

Leith, Territory of Saint Anthony, and Yard Heads of Leith, or the Heritors and Inhabitants of the fame

have Right to by virtue of their, either, or any of their Charters, Grants, and original Titles; or by im-

memorial Possession, as Parts and Pertinents of the fame: And to contract and agree with the Owner and

Owners of any other Brooks, Streams, Watercourses, or other Supplies of Water lying within the Dif-

tance of one Mile from the said Town of South Leith, for the Use and Benefit of the fame, for the Pur-

poses aforesaid: And to laydown leaden and other Pipes for the carrying and conveying the Water from

all or any of the said Brooks, Streams, Watercourses, and other Supplies of Water before mentioned,

unto the Reservoir already erected within the said Town of South Leith, and now belonging to, and used

by the said Town of South Leith; or to such other proper Place or Places as to the said Commissioners, or

the Majority of them at a General Meeting assembled, shall, from time to time, appear necessary and pro-

. per: And for carrying and conveying the Water from the said Reservoir, or other Place or Places afore-

feid, into the several Streets, Lanes, Ways, Avenues and Pafl'ages within the Limits aforesaid, and to the

Houses within the same: And so often as there {ball be Occasion for so doing, to cleanse, mend, and repair

the said Watercourses and Pipes: And to erect such and so many Fountains and Reservoirs as shall, from

time to time, appear to the said Commissioners, or the Majority of them at a General Meeting assembled,

to be necessary for the collecting, preserving, and efte&ually distributing the said Water, according to the

true Intentand Meaning of this present Act.

X. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That full Indemnification shall be previously made

and given by the said Commissioners to the Owner and Owners, Lefl’ee and Lessees of all such Water as

shall be so taken, or of the Grounds in which the said Pipes shall be so laid down as aforesaid, for the

Value of the said Watef, and for all Damages that shall be done to the said Grounds, as well by the first

laying down of the Pipes, as by the cleansing, mending, and repairing of the fame from time to time after-

wards: And that in case of Difference between the Parties respecting the Amount of such Value and Da-

mages, the Sheriff of the County of Edinburgh shall have Power, and he is hereby impowered and required,

in a summary Manner, and upon the Application of either Party, and after reasonable Notice to the other

Party, to ascertain and determine the Amount of such Value and Damages respectively; and that whatever

the said Sheriff shall do in the Premises, shall be final and conclusive: And that afterwards, upon Pay-

ment or Tender of the Monies adjudged by the said Sheriff in lieu of the Value and Damages as aforesaid

to the Person or Persons intitled to receive the same respectively, the said Commissioners, or any (even or

more of them, shall, from thenceforth, have Power, and are hereby impowered, to take and use the said

Water, and to lay down, deanfe, mend, or repair the aforementioned Pipes, (as the Cafes shall respec-

tively happen to be) without being liable or answerable on that Account for any other or further Damage.

XI. Provided always, That nothing in this A& shall extend, or be construed to extend, to deprive the

Inhabitants of the said Town of South Leith, Territory of Saint Anthony, and Yard Heads of Leith, of any

Claim or Right competent to them, for being supplied with Water under or by virtue of any other Statute

or Statutes now in force and being, or to hurt or prejudice such Claim and Right, or the Rights and In-

terefts of the City of Edinburgh respefling the fame; all which are hereby reserved intire, in the fame

Manner as if this Act had never been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary not with (landing.

Contra&« may be XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or

made for laying any seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, to contract with any Person or

Persons for laying Pipes for conveying and distributing Water, erecting Fountains, lighting and cleans-

ing the Streets and other Passages of the said Town of South Leithy Territory of Saint Anthony, and Yard

Heads of Leith; and that such Contrail or Contrails shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any

seven or more of them, and by the Person or Persons contracting to perform such Work: And that the

said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, are hereby further authorised and impowered to pay

such Sum or Sums as they shall so contrail for, out of the Money to be raised for the Purposes of this Act,

by virtue of the Powers herein after mentioned.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Contrail, Bond,

or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand or Hands of any of the kid Commissioners, touching, con-

cerning,

Satisfacton to

be made for Da»

mages in laying

down Pipes

Hight of the

Town of Leith,

Sec. to Supplies

of Water by vir.

tue of former

Laws, reserved.

down Pipes to

convey Water.

Writings exempt

from Sump

Duties.

