258 C. 44. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 177?.

Rate* to le pro-

portioned on

Occupier* quit-

ting or coming

In.

Pcvrer to Com*

feribed by any five or more of the said Commissioners, or their Clerk, shall be deemed Originals, and shall

be admitted and received as Evidence in all causes, Suits, and Actions touching any Thing done in pur-

fuance of this Act.

XLV. And be it enacted, That where any Person or Persons shall come into or occupy any Hbufe,

Buildings, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises, rated or assess'ed, or liable to be rated or afilffed by

virtue of this Act, out of or from which any other Person rated or assessed shall be removed, or which at

the Time of making this Act were empty or unoccupied, that then every Person so removing from, and

every Person so coming into or occupying the fame, shall be liable to pay such Rate, in Proportion to the

Time such Person occupied the fame respectively, in the same Manner, and under the fame Penalty of Di-

stress, as if such Person so removed had not removed, or such Person so coming into and occupying such

House, Buildings, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises, had been originally rated and assessed in such

Rate; which said Proportion, in case of Dispute, shall, by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of

them, be settled and ascertained.

XLVI. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or

m£0cnttOa any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from time to time, to contract

m c oan, t. w-lt^ a Person or Persons for the executing the several Purposes in this Act mentioned and contained ;

which Contraft or Contrafts shall specify the \V0rk3 to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the fame^

and the Time and Times when such Works shall be peiformed or completed, and the Penalty to be fuf-

fered in case of Non-performance thereof; and the fame shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any

five or more of them, and by the Person or Persons contrafting to perform such Works ; and the said Com-

missioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to pay such Sum or Sums of

Money for such respective Works as they shall so contract and agree for, out of the Money raised for the

Purposes of this Act.

XLVII. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners*

or any one or more of them, or any Person or Persons by them authorised under their Hands, from time to-

time, to inspect the Poor Rates of and for the said Township, and to take Copies or Extrafta therefrom*

which the Overseer or Overseers, or other Person or Persons having the Custody thereof respectively, is or

are hereby required, on producing such Order as aforesaid, to permit and fuss'er to be made and taken, with-

out Fee or Reward ; and on Retufal thereof, by the Overseer or Overseers, or other Person or Persons as

aforesaid, be or they so refusing shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds for each such Offence ; to be

recovered by the said Commissioners, or any five or moie of them, by Action of Debt, in any of his Ma-

jessy’s Courts of Record, with Costs of Suit, as are allowed in other Cafes by Law.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said

Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or the Surveyor or Surveyors, by Writing under his or their

for rebuilding or Hand or Hands, to give Liberty and Licence to any of the Proprietors and Inhabitants within the aforesaid

repairing. part of the said Town* or their Builders or Workmen, to make such Inclosures before their respective-

Houses, in order to the pulling down, rebuilding, or repairing the fame, or any Vault, Drain, or Building

belonging thereto, and for laying the necessary Materials for the fame, and the Rubbish arising therefrom,

as may be proper and necessary; and no Person or Persons acting under such Licence, and in pursuance

thereof, shall, during the Time thereby to be limited, be subject or liable to any of the Penalties afore-

said.

Commissioner*

to inspelt Poor

Rates.

teire to inclose

before Houses,

Account to be

srwde up an*

Dually, and to

be rice for In-

Ipection,

For preventing

Annoyances in

the Streets, by

Carriages left

thereto.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, some Time be-

tween the first Day of June and the first Day of July, in every Year, shall cause a fair and just Account to

be made and wrote out, of all Monies received and paid by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, when, by

whom, to whom, and for what Purposes the fame have been laid out, paid and expended; a Copy or Du-

plicate of which Accounr, signed by five or more of the said Commissioners, (lull be deposited with the

Cleric of the said Commissioners, who shall permit any Person so rated as aforesaid, to inspect the fame at

fcasonable Times, paying one Shilling for such Inspection ; and shall, upon Demand, forthwith give Co-

pies of the fame, or any Part thereof, to such Person, paying at the Rite of Threepence for every hundred

Words, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number ; which Account, or Copy, or Duplicate

thereof, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to cause

to be wrote our, signed and delivered accordingly.

4 L. And, for the more effectual preventing all Annoyances in the aforesaid Streets and publick Paf-

4 sages,’ It is hereby further enacted, That no Cart, Waggon, or other Wheel-carriage, shall be per-

mitted to remain therein, but in order to the loading or unloading thereof; and for either of those Pumofes

not longer than the Space of two Houfs at any one Time, or such other reasonable Time as the said Com-

missioners, or any five or more of them* shall order and appoint; and then only in such Parts of the afore-

said Streets and public Passages where there can be left sufficient Space for any other loaded Waggon or

other Carriage to pass by the Carriage so left (landing therein without Danger, under the Penalry of twenty

Shillings for every Offence ; to be paid by the Owner or Person having the Charge of such Carriage, and

to be recovered and applied as the said Penalties by this Act aredirefted to be recovered and applied: And

that no Horses or Cattle whatsoever, drawing or coming with any such Cart, Waggon, cr other Wheel-

carriage, or on 3ny other Occasion, shall be foddered or fed in any of the aforesaid Streets or public Pafi-

sages, on any Pretence or Occasion whatsoever, under the Penalty of five Shillings for every such Offence j

to be paid by the Owner or Person havingthe Charge of any such Horses or Bealls, and recovered, levied*

and applied as aforesaid: And that no Truck, Sledge, Barrow, Barrel, Tub, Copper, Stall, Trefiel*

Block, Box, Chest, Cafe, Bag, or Package of any Kind whatsoever, shall* upon any Pretence whatfo-

5 «ver.

c.

