A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 18. 367

putting this Act in Execution: And, when any of the Commissioners herein named, hereafter to be0;? De«b, Ro-

elcdted, shall die, or remove out of the said Town or Parish, or shall at any Time, during the Space fu;J» or RcT~

of One whole Year together, refuse or neglect to act, (such Death, Removal, Refusal or Negledk to act, f*,ner»,

being declared at a publick Meeting) that then the surviving or remaining Commissioners shall and becholea.

may, at a Meeting to be appointed on that Day Month next after such Vacancy shall be declared, elect,

a fit Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Place or Places of him or them

so dying, removing, refusing or neglecting, to ad ; and all Persons who shall be so defied are hereby

vested with the fame Powers for putting this Act in Execution, as the Persons in whole Stead they

shall be elected are vested with.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Com- Commissioneri

missioner in the Execution of this Act during the^Time he shall hold any Office, Place of Profit, or *"

have any Share or Interest in any Contract relating to the Execution of any of the Powers of this

Ad. ____

III. And be it further enacted. That all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to or vested pV*n

in the said Commissioners shall and may, from Time to Time, be exercised by the major Part of such

of them as shall attend at any publick meeting of the f.iid Commissioners, to be holden as herein-after sent»t a pubiicfc

mentioned, the Number of such Commissioners present at such publick Meetings not being less than Meeting, not

Five ; (except as herein-after excepted); and all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of the said Commis- *»«• kk

sioners shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Clerk Z}fc' .

at each Meeting, or at the next ensuing Meeting, and such Orders shall then be deemed and taken to

be original Orders; and such Book or Books shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Book.

Courts whatsoever,

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Ad of such Commissioners shall be valid, unless No valid un-

done or made at some publick Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, where Five or more Com- ,cfs *• 111

mifltoners shall be present. % publick Meeting,

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall meet at the Sun Inn, within the same Fit A Meeting of

Town and Parish, on that Day Sevennient next after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Commissionm

Three and Five in the Afternoon, and afterwards at such Time and Place within the said Town and "ho •d"

Parish as shall be appointed for that Purpose. as often as it shall be necessary for putting this Act in FoVwant ofm

Execution : And if at any Meeting appointed to be held by virtue of this Act there shall not appear a sufficent Num*

sufficient Number of Commissioners to ad, and to adjourn to another Day, or in case the Commissioners b«r toadjr.ru,

so assembled shall omit or neglect to adjourn themfehres \ then, and in such Cafe, the Clerk to the said publick Notice

Commissioners, or any Two of the said Commissioners, shall and may, by Notice in Writing, to be to bcM*iven of

affixed at the Church-door and Market-place of the said Parish, at lead Ten Days before the next cSmiSn«i

Meeting, appoint the said Commissioners to meet at the Place where the last Meeting was held j and to pay their own

the said Commissioners shall, at all their Meetings, pay their own Expences. Expand.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person hereafter to be elected a Commissioner, by virtue of Qualification

this Act, shall be qualified or capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless *"* Commis-

he shall, in his own Right, or in Right of his Wife, be in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Re - fontr,#

ccipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear and yearly Value

of Ten Pounds, Freehold or Lcnfehold, arising within the Limits of the said Town and Parish of Cha-

tham ; and that no Person who shall be an Inhabitant or Resident within the said Town and Parish of

Chatham shall be qualified or capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he

shall be a Tenant or Occupier of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Rent of

Twelve Pounds, and shall also be pofleilcd of a personal Estate to the Amount or Value of Five hun-

dred Pounds ; and if any Person (not being so qualified) shall act as a Commissioner for putting this root. Penalty

Ad, or any of the Powers herein contained in Execution, contrary to the Intent and Meaning hereof, Itlufied*

e very such unqualified Person shall, for every such O(Fence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred '

Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall fuc for the fame j to be recovered in any of His Majesty’s

Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no

Efi'oin, Protection, or Wager at Law, or more than Or.c Imparlance shall be allowed ; and the Person

(o prosecuted shall prove that he is so qualified, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any

other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor, than that such unqualified Person hath acted as a

C err missioner in the Execution of this Act. r

VII. And be it further enacted, that the said Commissioners shall and may, from Time to Time, at

any of the said publick Meetings, elect and appoint One or more Treasurer and Clerk, Collector or officers

Collectors ; and also One or more Surveyor or Surveyors, and such and so many other Officers as they take Security,

shall find necessary for the Execution of this Act; and the said Commissioners shall take Security as they «nd remove such

(hill think proper for the due Execution of the respective Offices \ and shall and may, from Time to

Time, remove any of the said Officers at their Will and Pleasure, and appoint others in the Room of

such as shall die, or be removed, as aforesaid ; and said Commissioners, shall and may, out of the Mo-

nies arising, or to arise, by virtue of this Act, appoint and pay such Salaries, Gratuities, and Allow-

ances as they shall judge reasonable to such Officers, and to all such other Persons as shall have been

or frvall be employed in, or aiding and assisting about, the Execution of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk, Surveyor, or other Officer or Servant, who <oi.Pen»!ryo*

shall be employed by the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, or any Part thereof, shall negi«A-

torccar Co do any Thing hereby or by the said Cgmmilfioners directed to.be done, or on any Account

whatsoever* *

