A.D. 1773. Ann© decimo tertio Georg 11 III. C. 30. 693

Nonperformance, or other Breach, of such Orders, Rules, or Byc-laws, or any of them, to he recovered

by such Ways and Means as are herein-after directed for the Recovery of the Penalties by this Act in- and t^e pj!ort

Aided ; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of am? Bndgeir.cii

them,(whereof the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor for the Ti tie being shall be One), to suspend any of b<- luipend-

the Pilots and Bridgmen who shall be licensed as aforesaid, who shall break such Orders, Rules, or Bye- for Breach of

Laws, or ad in anywise contrary thereto ; and if any Pilot or Bridgeman so suspended shall (during ^dafl’wminB

the Time of such Suspension) take upon himself to pilot or conduct any Ship or Vessel, or any Gang such Sui,*nAoji

of Lighters or Barges, into or out of the faiJ Port within the Limits aforesaid, such Pilot or BriJge ne fu.j/tf to

man mall be liable to the Penalty which is provided by this Act against unlicensed Persons acting as the t'a.aJry.

Pilots or Bridgemen.

XII. And be it further enacted. That the said Co mmissioners shall cause the said Orders, Rules, The Bye-law*to

and Bye-laws, and also a List of the Pilots and Bridgemen so to be licensed as aforesaid, with the bprinted, with

Rates or Prices of Pilotage, to.be from Time to Time printed and distributed, and likewise hung fj, a of

<up in some conspicuous Place at the Cujhm house, Town Dues Office^ and Meters Office^ in King's

Lynn aforesaid. y^t.

XIII. Provided always, Thaj the said Orders, Rules, and Bye-laws, or any of them, be not con- Bat not to be

trary or repugnant to the Laws or Statutes of the Realm of Great Britain. iep-gnant to the

Statures.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Pilot or Pilots shall and

refuse to take the Charge of any of His Maj> fly’s Ships, or of any Ship or Vessel in the Merchants j*ridsenion to

Service ; and in case any Bridgeman or Bridgemen shall refuse to take the Charge of any Gang of cence*v^Lud

Lighters or Barges $ or in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of r0T M fbth/vi-

them, (whereof the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor for the Time being shall be One), that any Pilot or cur, and if they

Pilots, Bridgemih or Bridgemen, shall have misbehaved him or t-hemselves in the conducting of any act afterward ,

Ship or Vessel, or Gang of Lighters or B trees, or in the Execution of any other Part of his or their to

Duty as Pilots or BriJgcmen ; or if any Pilot or Pilots, Bridgeman or Bridgemen, shall refuse to the 1>cxuity*

obey the Summons of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, (whereof the said

Mayor or Deputy Mayor for the Time being shall be One), requiring his or their Appearance; or

shall break, or ad contrary to, such Orders, Rules, and Bye-laws, as the said Commissioners for the

Time being shall from l ime to Time make in the Premises, or in anywise offend against this Act ;

then the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, (whereof the said Mayoi7 or Deputy

Mayor for the lime being shall be One) upon Examination thereof, are hereby authorised to annul

the Licence or Licences granted to such Pilot or Pilots, Bridgeman or Bridgemen, and to declare the

fame to be from thenceforth utterly void ; and if any such Person or Persons so offending shall (after

such Declaration and Notice thereof given to him or them in Person, or left at his or their usual

Place of Abode) ad as a Pilot or Bridgeman within the said Port, or the Limits afore-mentioned,

he or they shall be subject to the Penalty i.iflided by this Act on unlicensed Persons acting as Pilots

or Bridgemen.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Matter or Commander Pilot*offeringt#

of any Ship or Vessel, cither inward or outward bound, shall refuse to take on Board and employ a conduct Vessel*

Pilot to be licensed as aforesaid, who shall offer his Service, such Matter or Commander shall pay, or inw!r|*or

cause to be paid, to the Pilot who first, or who only shall offer his Service as aforesaid, and (nail be ]^fcd arenot-

so refused, the full Pilotage, according to the several Rates and Prices herein-before directed to be withering to

paid, as if the said Pilot had been received and employed in conducting or piloting such Ship or Vessel be paid.

into or out of the said Pert of King's Lynn.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Master or Commander of Maflertogive

every Ship or Vessel, so to be piloted or conducted into the Port of King's Ljfnn aforesaid, shall and is thePiJotthe

hereby required to declare and give a true Account to the Pilot employed in conducting or piloting, true Draught of

or offering to conduct or pilot such Ship or Vessel, of the Draught of Water such Ship or Vessel s5

shall then draw : And in case such Matter or Commander shall refuse so to do, or shall give an un- Refufri*

true Account of the Draught of Water of such Ship or Vessel, then hs shall forfeit for every such Re- or Sufpicionof

fufal, or untrue Account so by him given, the Sum of Forty Shillings ; and further, in case of such T.udiofthe

Refusal, or if the Pilot so employed, or offering to be employed, shall susped the Truth of the De- Account,

claration or Account given, then such Pilot shall be, and he is hereby authorised to mark such Ship Pllo‘

or Vessel on her Arrival, and when unloaded to lay her on Shore in some proper and convenient Place arc

within the said Port, and there to admeasure, or cause to be adineafured, the said Ship or Vessel, in p*

order to find the tiue Draught of Water fh$ drew on her said Arrival; the Expence whereof, in case £xpaiees howt©

of such Refusal, or if upon such Admeasurement it shall appear that the said Declaration or Account te paid.

Dial) be untrue, shall be paid by such Matter or Commander; but in case the said Declaration or

Account(haIl upon such Admeasurement appear to be true, then the said Expences shall be paid by

the said Pilot; And if any Dispute shall aiife between the said Matter or Commander and Pilot, con-

cerning the Expence of laying the said Ship or Vessel on Shore, and admeasuring her as aforesaid,

then the fame thail be settled and ascertained by the Mayor of the said Borough or hi& Deputy for the

Time being, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Bdroiigh ; and the said Expences, if

refused to to be paid by such Matter or Commander when he is liable to pay the fame, shall be levied

and recovered, with all Charges attending such Levying and Recovery, in the same Manner, and by

the fame Means, as are herein-after given and directed, for the Levying and Recovery of the Pilotage

by this Act directed to be paid.

Vol.X1. v 4U < XVII. And

