The TITLES of the STATUTE S.

Parliament, intituled, An Act for extending like Liberty in

the Exportation of Rice from Kail and Welt Florida to the

Southward of Cape Finisterre in Europe, as is granted by

former Acts of Parliament to Carolina and Georgia.

40. An Act for the more effectually preventing the Coun-

terfeiting the Copper Coin of this Realm.

41. An Act to explain an Act made in the eighth Year of

the Reign of his late Majesty King Georoe the First, in-

tituled, An Act giving further Encouragement for the Im-

portation of Naval Stores, and for other Puigrfcs therein

Mentioned^ so far as relates to the Importation of unma-

nufactured Wood of the Growth and Product of Ameri-

ca; and to explain so much of an Act made in the twen-

ty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging and

regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas, as relates to the

Importation of Raw Silk and Mohair Yarn landed at

certain Places therein mentioned.

42. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the last

Scilion of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate the

Trials of controverted E left ions, or Returns of Members to

frye in Parliament.

43. An Act for establishing a House or Houses of Industry

in the Ife of I Tight, for the Reception, Maintenance,

and Employment of the Poor belonging to the several

Parishes, and Places, within the said island.

44. An Act for the better paving, repairing, and clennfing

the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Passages,

within that Part of the Town of If 'tike field, in the County

of,) 'ork, which lies within the Kali End of U'eflgate

Bridge, the South Side of Northgate Bar, the North End

of Kirkgate Bridge, (except so much thereof as is repaired

by the Welt Riding of the said County of York) and the

extreme Part of the Township of IVakefidd aforesaid,

leading from JVrengate towards Ea/l Moor\ for prevent-

ing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for widening

and rendering the fame more commodious,

45. An Act for improving and completing the Navigation

of the Rivers Thames and 7/7/, from the City of London#

to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Hilts.

46. An Act for paving, and keeping in Repair, the Streets,

Lanes, and Paltegcs, in the Parish of Saint Luke, in the

County of Middlesex m, for removing Obstrudtions and

Annoyances therein; and for widening the Passages at

die Weft End of Chiswell Streety and at the South End

of Brick Laney in the said Parish; and for other Purposes

therein mentioned.

47. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

4?. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money out of the Sinking Fund \ and for applying cer-

tain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one; and

for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this

Session of Parliament, for carrying to the Aggregate Fund

a Sum of Money which hath arilen by the Two-sevenths

Fxcifc, and for enabling the Commissioners for execut-

ing rhe OtTice of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer,

or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, to pay to

'Join Dobjon, Owner of the Greenland Ship Lord Moly-

nfuxy the Bounty due for the said Ship on the last Yeai's

hrlhery.

49. An Act to continue for a further Time, an Act passed

in the sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intitul-

ed, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign-wrought

Sifts and Velvets for a limited Time; and for preventing un-

Urjful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Ma-

j.ujuCturc*

50. An Act for granting a Bounty upon the Importation^of

White Oak Staves, and Heading, from the Brit'jh Co*

ionics or Plantations in America.

51. An Act for continuing several Laws for the better Re-

gulation of Lallage and Balaftage in the River Thames;

for the further Punishment of Persons going armed or

difguiled, in Defiance of the Laws of Cullen s or Excite,

and for the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sug^r

Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Exe le ;

for repealing so much of an Act passed in th^ sixth T ear

of the Reign of Kin^ George the Fi ft, intituled, An Act

for preventing the Carriage cf excessive Loads of Mealy

Malt, Bricksy and Coals, within ten Miles of the Cities f

London and Westminster, as relates to the Carriage ot

Meal, Malt, and Coals; and for authorising the Expor-

tation of a limited Quantity of an inferior Sort of Barley,

called Bigg, from the Port of Kirkwall, in the Island^ of

Orkney.

52. An Act for repairing, amending, and supporting the

several Harbours and Sea Ports in the ljle of Man.

53. An Act for widening the Highways in that Part of

Gt eat Britain called Scotland.

54. An Act for the better paving, clennfing, lighting, and

watching Hay don Square, the New Square, Haydon-yard,

Sleepy-yard. Church Streety Little Church Street, other-

wife the Church Passage, Church Court, and Kenton Street,

and the Passages therein, or leading thereunto, in the

Parish of Trinity, otherwise Holy Trinity, in the Mini-

fies, in the County of Middlesex, within the Liberty of

his Majesty’s Tower of London; and for other Purposes

therein mentioned.

55. An Act to incapacitate J*hn Burnett, Charles Hanning-

ton, Thomas Haflgrove, Ralph Moor, Thomas Par fens,

Thomas Snook junior, Thomas Hannin?ton, Jihn Han-

ningten, John Robinson, William Cheeseman, George

Bi cwncy John Parsons, John Curly Frederick Dean, IVti-

lt am Heatiy Samuel Tup*cn, John Sawyers, Thomas Crovj-

tery Theme1* Pockncy, Joseph Dedman, John Dean, John

JVhitirgy William Stevens, John Baweotnb, Robert Parker,

John Hrgftjh, John Purse, John Dean, Thomas J n-

' tit ngs y John Snook junior, Richard TUflone. William Tur-

nery IE alter Sawyers, Charles Mitchell, John Jarmand,

John IPcod. Friend Daniel, William Gratuick, Nathaniel

Th ft man, Thornes Roberts, John Ashn.an, William Corter-,

The mas Fro/Jy Michael Smith, Richard Carver, Michael

Dun ant, Emery Churcher, fPalter Broad, Rid at d Stone-

ham, James Bennett, Clement Freeman, William JupP*

Thomas Crow ter, John Barnard, James Mitchell, James

Millar, other wise Miller, William Newnham, j jjery

Carvery Randall Button, James Carver, John Mm tin,

?ohn Dedman senior, William Jennings, II'illi am Hards,

ho mas Gear, William Rujbridge, Henry Robin f n, and

Henry Hanning ton, from voting at Elections of Men b< rs

to serve in Parliament, and for the picwmir g ]»ihc:v

and Corruption in the Election of Memlvus to feive in

Parliament for the Borough ot NiW Shjrcl.am, in the

County of Sr ftx.

56. An Art lor divrfting out of the Crown, and to vc'l i:i

Gerald Vt-gerald ot Rrihone, in the County trf Meat*,

in the Kim dt m ot Ireland, Lfquuc, and his Heirs, the

Reverb m in Fee of and in lcvuul Lands in Ireland there-

in mentioned.

57. An Act to continue and render more effectual an Act

passed in the ninth Year of his present Majesty, for re-

pairing the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road in

Trin?% in the County of Her tford, through Dunjft,blc,

Tiildnn, Baldock, and Ro\j!m, to the Turnpike Road at

or near Bournbridge j and irora the Weft End of I Veil-

boogie

