A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 17. 357

Claude Bofanquet, Hammond Crosse, Thomas CroJJe, Thomas Coran, Contencin, 7^if Dawes, William

HuJ'ey, John Lloyd, Thomas Lujfnrloam, Francis Alarjhall, John Mackintosh, Lifcombe Price, John Simes,

Richard Smithy Richard Strong* frilliam Savage, JTilliam Welby, George Welsh, Esquires ; the Reverend

Robert Lloyd, the Reverend /Vy, the Reverend Thomas Toller, the Reverend PalmerJames

Burgh, Charles Brawny Dovereu:< Bowly* Wiliam Blackhorrowy Kclfey Bully James Crane, Nathaniel Clark-

fn, John Cumherlege junior, Edmund Clutterlucky William Curtis, Dionyjius Callaghan* John Churchy.

Thomas Dale, Robert Dower, Thomas Dickens, ljaac Mendez. Fart ado, Euward Grace, Richard Horton,

jf^/7/1 Hole, JWilliam Hyde, Francis Hayford, Jojcph Hodges, John Lewis* Joseph Manwaring, John Pig-

gotty William Powell, JW;* Pearce, IT alter Sebbon, John Shield, Thomas Shirley, Thomas Stone street, John

Spencer, John Sayer, Jofph Tbcrnthwaite, Barnard Frederick Taylor, Robert W ithy, Gentlemen ; shall

be, and they and thtir Successors, to be qualified and clewed in Manner herein-after mentioned, arc,

hereby nominated, constituted, and appointed Commissioners for the Purpose of carrying and putting, '

this Act in Execution.

4 II. And, for a Continuance of a sufficient Number of fit and able Persons to be Commissioners for C«nmi4Wam,',

* the Purposes aforesaid,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from Time to Time,.reduced i»

and at all Times hereafter during the Continuance of this Act, as the Number of the said Commis- ot^e*t

sioners appointed by this Act, or hereafter to be elected and appointed in pursuance thereof, shall, by ch0rco.

Death or Removal out of the said Town, or otherwise by Refusal to act, be reduced to less than Forty*

it shall and may be lawful to and for the survivin : and remaining Commissioners, or any Nine or more

of them, by Writing or Writings, under their Hands and Seals, (without any Stamp thereupon) to

nominate, elect, and appoint. One or more fit and able Person or Persons, either Landlords or Te-

nants, to be Commissioners in the Place and Stead of the Commissioners so dying, removing, or refu-

sing to act as aforesaid. Ten Days publick Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Ten Dayi pub-

Election being previously given, by affixing the fame in Writing upon the principal Door of the Parish 1,cIc NoJ,ce! to

Church of Satnt Alary, Islington, aforesaid ; and every Pcifon and Persons so as aforesaid to be elected 17^1 ion of Com-

and chosen, shall be, and they are hereby inverted with the fame Powers and Authorities for putting mur^aer!.

this Act in Execution, as by this Act are granted and given to the Commissioners herein and hereby

particularly nominated and appointed.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be eligible or capable Qualification of

of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, (except the Vicar and Churchwardens of Commissioiuj*.

the said Parish for the Time being) but for and during so long and such Time only as he shall either

pay or be liable to pay as Landlord or Tenant, for Premises situate in the said Town, valued and

rated at the Sum of Twenty Pounds a Year at the least, for and towards the Rate and Afl'eflment

herein-after mentioned to be made for the Purposes of this Act, or shall in his own Right, or in the

Right of his Wife, be in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents of Lands, Tenements, or He-

reditaments, in any Part of Great Britain,*of the clear Value of Twenty Pounds a Year, or shall be

posscflcd of or intitled unto a perfoual Estate of the Value of Five Hundred Pounds; and if any PfetiaHy

Person, not being so qualified as aforesaid, shall presume or take upon himself to act as a Commissioner i^gif not <ju*-

in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum

of Forty Pounds, together with Costs of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall or will sue for the

fame ; to be recovered in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe,

or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein tio Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than

One Imparlance, shall be allowed, and wherein the Proof of Qualification shall be on the Person

prosecuted ; and it shall be sufficient for the Prosecutor to prove, that the Person so prosecuted had

acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no No Vtfhi*IIer,

Person who shall fell Ale, Beer, Wine, or any spirituous or fermented Liquors by Retail, shall be *c-to.•

eligible or capable of acting as a Commissioner under this Act. # Commissioner.

V. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the First publick Meeting.

Meeting of the Commissioners to be had by virtue of and under this Act, shall be held within Fourteen

Days after the passing of this Act in the Vestry-room of the said PariOi Church of Saint Alary, ljlington\ -

and the said Commissioners shall then and there proceed (the Number then present not being Tcfs than

Nine) to put this Act in Execution \ and they are hereby authorifid and impowered to adjourn them-

selves from Time to Time, and to meet at the fame or any other Place within the said Town or

Parish.

VI. Provided always. That every Commissioner shall have Notice to attend at such adjourned

publick Meeting by a Summons given or sent to him for that Purpose ; and if at any Meeting so ap-nJut0 be

pointed, from "1 ime to Time, there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Commissioners present to given to Com-

Act, or adjourn to another Day or Time ; or, in case the said Commissioners, so met and a ffc in bled, mifllonert; and

shall omir, neglect, or refuse, to adjourn themh Ives $ then, and in every such Cafe, the Commis- ^ * sufficient

ftoners then present shall, by causing Notice in Writing to be affixed upon the principal Door of the Number do not

faiJ Parish Church at least Three Days before such intended Meeting, appoint the Commissioners to NotiW toU

meet at the Place where the last Altering was appointed to be held, upon some Day* not exceeding given of the wxt

Ten Days, next after the Day upon which such last Meeting was appointed to have been holden. Meeting.

VII. Provided always. That the Commissioners, at all their Meetings and Adjournments to CommissioMrm

be had in pursuance of this Act, shall bear, pay, and defray, their own Charges and Ex- <h«*r aw*

peaces. Exf'CaiH*.

VIII.

