A.D. 1773

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

CX 7 8* 869

N*. II.

Lift of Persons to be returned to the Justices.

A Lift of thefeveralPersons namedfor Surveyors of the Highwaysfor the (insert the Name of the Parish,

Town ship, or Place) at a Meeting held at in the/aid (Parish, etc.) the

Day of 17

A. B.

C. D. etc.

WE whose Names are subscribed, being Two Parts in Three of the Persons assembled at the .

Meeting aforesaid, do agree in the Choice of A. as a fit Person to serve the Office of Sur- ,

veyor for the {insert the Parish, &c.) aforesaid, and in the Allowance to him of puticobr Fwt

for his Trouble in executing the fame for the Year ensuing; and we do recommend the said A% tt> f#n » «ow*

the Justices for their Appointment accordingly. _ imaM,

N». III.

Notice to the Persons contained in the Lift.

yf B. take Notice, That you was at a Meeting held at (insert the Nam of the Parishy tic.) on the

Day of named as One of the Persons to be

returned to the Justices as fit to fenre the Office of Surveyor for the said (Parijbyetc.) for the Year

ensuing; and if you have any Cause to shew why you should not be appointed to serve such Office,

you must make the fame appear before the Justices, at their Special Sessions, to be holden at

on the Day of next.

IConstable,

Headborough, or

Tithingman,

( as thi Cafejball be.)

No. IV.

Older to the ( Constable%&c.) to return to the Justices the Amount of a Sixpenny

Assessment.

Middlesex. To the (Constable, He.) of

YO U are hereby required to return to us, and the other Justices, to be assembled at the Special

Seffioas to be held St for the (Hundred, of

in the said County, on the Day of next, the Amount of the

last Assessment of Sixpence in the Pound, for the Use of the Highways within your Liberty, if any

such has been raised; if not, what you apprehend, from the belt Information you can get, an equal

Assessment of Sixpence in the Pound upon all and every the Occupiers of Lands, Tenements,

Woods, Tithes, and Hereditaments, within the said Liberty, according to their yearly Value, will

amount to.

Given under our Hands this Day of 17

No. V.

Return to the Justices of the Amount of a Sixpenny Assessment.

To the Justices, assembled at their Special Sessions at the Day of 17

IN Obedience to your Order, I do return and certify, that the last Assessment of Sixpence in the

Pound, for the Use of the Highways within ihe Liberty of amounted to

the Sum of

[If no Ajfejjment of Sixpence in the Pound hath been made, then as under*)

V N Obedience to your Order, I do return and certify, that no Assessment hath been made of Six*

1 pence in the Pound, for the Use of the Highways, within the Liberty of

hut I apprehend, from the best Information which I have been able to get, that an equal Aflbfiment of

Vox. XL J T Sixpence

