364. C.

T7-

Anno duodecimo Georgii IIL

A.D. 1772.

Snpfrtifor ne-

fhecYing to make

good his Com*

plaint against

a negligent,

Watchman to

forfci-: 10 s.

a-i l being ne-

gligent in hit

Duty, sc. to

foi fat, for every

Gffitnce, 40 s. '

Sn^r?ilor8 to

a’tend the Com-

mfliuners at

their lVveral

Meetings, or

forfeit 10 s. fir

every wilful Neg-

ieft.

Comminioncti

to make an Al-

lowance to Su-

pervisor*.

Punishment on

Waichmeo ne*

glebing Duty.

Watchmen ne-

glecting to at-*

tend, others to

he *j>pointed'

The Property

of Watch-

heufes, Boxes,

Stands, Scc.

Luilt for ihe

Purposes here-

of, to be vcftd

in t)ve C’cmmif-

ficners.

Penalties and

Foifcjuires how

to be applied.

To fl iers of »he

I ea e 'ic admi-

niuer Oaths.

Supervisor or Supervisors shall attend, and acquaint the said Commissioners, met afcd assembled at such

Meeting, with the Negleit of Duty, or other Miftxffiaviour of such Watchmen, in order for the said

Commissioners to proceed to the Examination of the Offence, and to make such Order in the Premises

as to them shall seem just: And if any Supervisor or Supenifors of the said Watchmen, as aforesaid,

shall omit or neglect to attend the said Commissioners at their said next Meeting, to make out his Charge

and Complaint against any such Watchman, every such Supervisor or Supervisors so neglecting or re»-

fusing to attend the said Commissioners, shall forfeit and pay for every such NegleS or Default the Sum

of Ten Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain: And in case any or either of the said Constables

or Head-boroughs, or other Person or Persons who shall be so appointed such Supervisor or Supervisors

as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect, within S-ix Days next after such Appointment, on his being served

with Notice thereof, to act in the said Office, or having taken upon him the fame, shall be afterwards

negligent in the Discharge of the Duty thereof, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the

Sum of Forty Shillings of like lawful Money of Great Britain.

XXXVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Supervisor or Supervisors, to

be appointed as aforesaid, shall, upon every Notice in Writing being for that Purpose given to or left

for him at his usual Place of Abode, attend the said Commissioners at any of their publick or adjourned

Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act; and if any such Supervisor, upon having such Notice

as aforesaid, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to attend at any such Meetings, he shall forfeit and pay for

such wilful Neglect, Omission, or Refulal, the Sum of Ten Shillings of lawful Money of Great Bri-

tain: And the said Commissioners are hereby authorised, out of the Monies arising or to arise by

virtue of this Act, to allow and pay unto such Supervisor or Supervisors such Salary, Allowance,

or Gratuity, as they, or any Nine of them, shall judge fit and reasonable for such their Service and

Services; that is to say. Not exceeding the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence a Night for the Months

of Ottobery November, December, January, February, and March, in each Year, and not exceeding

the Sum of One Shilling a Night for the Months of Aprils May, Juney July, Augujly and September,

in each Year: And in case any Watchman shall negltdt to keep Watch in Manner, or during the

7'ime which shall be appointed by the Commissioners. or any Nine or more of them for that Purpose,

or shall depart from or leave keeping Watch during the respective Hours appointed by the said Com-

missioners for keeping the fame, or shall otherwise neglect his Duty, or misbehave hrmfelf;

in each and every of the said Cafes the Person or Persons k> neglecting or offending shall forfeit and

pay the Sum of Five Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain: And when and as often as any

Watchman appointed by virtue and in pursuance of this Act shall make Default in appearing at the

Watch-house, or other Place appointed for that Purpose, and at such Hour as shall be from "l ime to

Time appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, for the Meeting of the

said Watchmen, before they shall proceed to their respective Stands or Stations; that then, and so

often, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Supervisor or Supervisors of the said Watchmen for

the Time being, who shall be present at such Watch-house or Place to be appointed as aforesaid for

the above Purpose, to procure and appoint One other fit and able Person, who shall be willing to

-undertake the said Service, to patroie and watch in the Place and Stead of every Watchman who

shall so make Default in appearing as aforesaid; and such Persons so appointed and undertaking such

Service, shall be deemed to be, and shall be for such respective Night, a Watchman appointed in

pursuance of this Act, and shall be in like Manner veiled with the several Powers and Authorities

given by this Act, as if such Watchman had been appointed by virtue and in pursuance thereof, by

the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, and shall incur and forfeit the fame Pains and

Penalties for Misbehaviour or Neglect of Duty.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Right and Property of

all such Watch-house or Watch-houses, Boxes, Stands, or Places, for the Reception of the Watch-

men, to be erected, built, or set up for the Purposes of this Act* and all the Materials and Things

used, or to be used, in and about the fame; and allb all the Arms, Accoutrements, and Materials,

which shall be allowed and furnished to the said Watchmen, shall be veiled in the said Commissioners,

and they are hereby impowered to dispose thereof; and to bring, orcaufetobe brought, any Action

or Actions, or to prefer, or order to be preferred, any Indictment or Indictments, against any Per-

son or Persons who shall (leal, take, or carry away, damage, or destroy the fame, or any of them, or

any Part or Parts thereof.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures

by this Act impeded, (the Manner of recovering and levying whereof is not hereby otherwise particu-

larly directed) shall be recovered and levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels,

by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace acting in and for the said County,

(which Warrant such Justice is hereby impowered to grant, upon the Confession of the Party or Par-

ties, or upon Information of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath); and the

Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, alter rendering the Overplus, (if any be) upon Demand,

to the Party or Pit ties whefe Goods and Chattels shall be so dittpained and fold, (the Charges of such

Diitft fs and Sale being first dedud'ted) shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Commissioners for the

Tine being; and be applied, One Half to the Informer, and thi other Half towards the Purposes of

this Act.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where any Oath is re-

quired to be made, or any Testimony to be given, upon Oath, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act,

beioic any One or men of His Majesty’s Jullicesof the Peace for the said County of Middle[exy it shall

and

