A.D. 1773\ Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C,jB* 873

Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, For the Amendment and Pre-

“ servation of the Highways,” subject to such Restrictions as are therein contained.

Given under Our Hands and Seals, the Day and Year above written.

.

No. XXIV.

A. B.

C. D.

Licence from a Justice of Peace, for a Surveyor to gather Stones upon inclosed Lands,

. for the Repair of the Highways.

Middlesex. To the Surveyor of the Highwaysfor the(Parift) in the (Hundred)

of in the fold County*

. / ’ 1 I

WHEREAS by an Act, passed irr the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty Kiig Georgi

the Third, “ For the Amendment' and Preservation of the Highways,” the Surveyors are au-

thorifed to gather Stones lying upon any Lands or Grounds within their Liberty, for the Use and Be-

nefit of the Highways, but not without the Coofent of the Occupiers of such Lands, or a Licence

from a Justice of Peace for that Purpose: And whereas ka^pcars to me? E. F. Oneof His, Majesty’S

justices of the Peace for the said County, and a£ttng Within the firid (Hundred, &c.) upon the Oath of

the said Sorveyor, that he hath applied to A. B. of for his Consent to gather Stones

from the.Lands called or known by the Names of and in his

Occupation, within the said (Parijfh, t£c.) for the Purposes aforesaid, and that the said Stones are ne-

ceflary for the Repair of the said Highways, and that the said A. B. hath refused to permit the fame to

be gathered; and the said A. B. having been duly summoned to appear before me, to lhew Cause why

fuen Permifiian should not be granted, and Jbav'wg appeared, before me accordingly )\ or- (having sent hit

Steward or Agent \) or, (C. D. in his Behalf,\ to attend me upon tb'at Otcafton\ or, (butnot having ap-

peared) I have heard what has been alledged, and: taken thfci said Matter into Consideration, and am

of Opinion, that the said Stones are necessary, and pu^ht to be gathered and carried away for the Pur-

poses afr repaid, therefore i do hereby give my Licence to the (kid Surveyor to Ukc and carry away the

fame accordingly.

- * v*

Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day of 17

\

N.. XXV.

Notice to perform Statute-duty, fto be given Four Days before the: Day on which the.

Duty is to be performed.) (

A.*- you are hereby required to fend a Team, with Two able Men, to within if he does not

the (Parish^ &c.) of next, at o’CIock in the Morning of each Day, occupy Lands,

in order to perform such Duty upon the Highways within the said as shall be required by *c# f

the Surveyor, pursuant to the Direction of the Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His jn f*”h°

Majesty King George the Third, “ For the Amendment and Preservation of the Highways.” (IVhen Farirti,&c. he

p erf oral Labour is required) You are hereby required, by yourself, ora sufficient Labourer, to attend, etc. is only to fend

Dated this Day of 17 One Man.

If a Waggon or

Cart yrith Two* Hprf<p, or One Horseeoly, is required, let jt be expressed.

No. XXVI.

Notice for Compositions.

NOTICE is hereby given. That all persons who are inclined to compound for their Statute-

duty within the (Parish, etc.) of are hereby required to signify their Intention

to compound for the fame to the Surveyor of the Highways for the said (Parish, etc.)

at the House of of on the Day of this Instant November, between

the Hours of and and they are hereby required, at the fame Time, or

within the Space of One Month after, to pay their Composition-money to the said Surveyor; and also,

that all Persons who are liable to pay Money for the Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, and Heredi-

taments, which they occupy, or, in lieu of their Duty within the said (Parish, etc.) according to the

Act made in the Thirteenth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, For the Amendment and

Preservation of the Highways,” are required to pay the fame to the said Surveyor, on the Day, or

within the Timq,aforesaid.

Dated this Day of November, 17

n A. Bo Surveyor.

Order

