A.D. 177$.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii I IT.

C. 4.8. 77*

XXII. Provided nevertheless^ That no Bond or Security carrying a lower Rate of Interest /hall ttoviso.

_at any Time be paid off and discharged^ whilst any.of the Bond jor Securities carrying an higher Rate

ref Interest are unpaid and undifeharced.

X'XIII. And whereas by the before-recited Act of the Tenth Year of His -present Majest.y, the Cavendish

Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Premises in Cavendtjb Square are impowered to raise such com- 5quwc to*

petent Sum as&3ll be sufficient to new-pavef beautify, and adorn the said Square, provided Three-new

.fourths of Gich(Owners and Occupiers shall assent thereto.: And whereas the Commissioners under the

said Act have, on very reasonable Terms, agreed to new-pave, adojrn, and beautify the said Square,

and have already compleated great Part of uie Work: And whereas more than Three-s/ourths of the

Owners, and Occupiers of Houses, with respect to the Proportion of valuable Property, have consent-

ed thereto in due Form.; but it being doubtful whether the A (Tents of Three-fourths in Number of

the Owners and Occupiers have been obtained, as some are Abroad, and others cannot be found, so

that it is*imagined that One or Two may be still wanting: And whereas it would be expedient for the

good Purposes of this Act to remove all such Doubts and Difficulties,.be it enacted by the Authority afore-

laid, That the said Owners and Occupiers, together with the said Commissioners appointed by the said

before-recited Act of the Tenth Year of the.Reign of His present Majesty, shall have full Power and

Authority, notwithstanding such Deficiency in the Consents given by the Owners and Qccupiers in

point of Number, to execute all and very Power, Matter, and Thing, directed to be performed by

the said before-recited Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, in as full and ample a Manner

as if Three-fourths of such. Con feats had been obtained in due Form.

XXIV. And, ^to the Intent that it may be clearly known wh^t Houses and Premises shall Whtt«oirfiw

be considered as situated in the said Square, for the Purpose of rating,the fame, Jbe it enacted, That Aail be deemed

every House or Premises, the Front or Side of which shall face or form a Part of the iyine of Clvendl^

the said Square, though another Part of such House or Premises may front or face a Street, (hair5,ulrc'

sievertheless be deemed and taken to be wholly situated in the said Square, for the Purpose

aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings of the said Vestrymen and Commissioners, Proceeding*

-either under the said former Acts, or this Act, shall be deemed valid,.until the fame shall have been ft^not^e

confirmed and approved of at a Second or subsequent Meeting of the said Vestrymen or Commissioners, at *j(b£

.and shall have been signed by the Chairman of such Second orsubsequent Meeting;. Xe^ucot Meeu^p

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Clauses apd Powers in the said former Acts con-chuse« of the

tained, (except such as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), shall extend, and be construed toformer Act yc-

extend, to this Act, as fully and effectually as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in this pre-

*sent Act.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it lhal! and may be ComteMfiooen

lawful tohnd for any Justice or Justices of the Peace, residing in the said Parish of Saint Mary It Bone,

to act as Justices of the Peace, in the Execution of the said former Acts, or this Act, notwithstand-, J

ing their being appointed Vestrymen and Commissioners under, any of the said former Acts.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences, of-passing this Ch*r$n of the

Act, aixl all other Charges incident to the obtaining thereof, shall be borne* paid, and defrayed out A^hcWtobc

.of the Moaics arising by virtue of the said former Acts, or this Act. p-

XXIX* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That aH the Penalties, Forfeitures, Penaltieaend

^and Fioes, by the said former Acts, or this Act, inflicted, or authorised to be imposed, (the Manner

rof levying and Recovery whereof is not Otherwise hereby particularly directed), shall, upon Proof of ^VSS*

'the Offences respectively before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or

Elace wherein the Offender shall be or reside, or wherein the Offence shall be committed, either by the

^Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses,

(which Oath such Justice or Justice or Justices of the Peace is and are hereby imnowered and required

to adtuiaifter . without Fee or Reward;, be levied b.y.Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of

<the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or

Justices (which Warrant or Warrants such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered to grant

for those P.urposes), and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges

. of such Distress and Sale are recovered and deducted, shall be returned, upon Demand, unto the

Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, and the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, when

-paid or levied, shall be applied to the Purposes of the said former Acts, or this Act; and in every Cafe

where Distress is directed to be taken by the said former Acts, or this Act,' and sufficient Distress shall

.not be found, and such. Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may

be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and

-required^ by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause

such Qffen der or.Offenders to be committed to the common Gaol or House of Correction of the

County or Place, thereto remain , without Bail or Mainprjze, for any Time not exceeding Three Ca-

lendar Months, for the First Offence, and for the Second and every other Offence of the fame Kind,

for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, nor less than Two Calendar Months, or until

such Penalties,-Forfeitures, or Fines, and ail reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXX. And, for the more easy and (peady Conviction ^of Offenders against the former Acts,/n*>

.or this Act, be it further enacted -by »the Authority aforesaid, That >all and every justice or4cause to bc.

jjustices of the Peace.before.^hop ^ny.Eerfgji or Perfcyw.stall.be convicted of any Offence against the^p lhl

