A.D. 1773. Amno decimo tertiq Georgii HI. Ct 3.8. 707

paid in upon Calls fortht future; thep, and in (uph C^fe, the Executory qr Adrqinistrators of any Truih*, Ac.

such Owner lb dying, and the 'Ffuftoe or Trustees, Gugrdian or Guaqdians, of any Infant, or other indemnified for

Person or Perfops whatsoever, intitled to the Effete and ]£fte£U of such Owner deceased, shall be in- makl«8Pay

damnified against all such Infant or Infants* pr other Persons whaffajve/, for paying any Suni or Sums men

of Money, when called for, as aforesaid, to compje^t every such SuMcriptiop: And if such Owner Trofteesnegtea-

foocafed fhatt not bave left AflTets fafl&cienf, gjr in $afe the Executors or Administrators, Trustee or jj* Payment

Guardian, Trustees or Guardians, shall refuse or neglect toaofyver such Calfs Payments within Month^ fitch

the Space of Six Calendar Months next after person^l Notice served on, or Notice left at the ufua! slur* a

or la(t> Place of Abode of such Executor or Adtniniftra(9r?t pr Topic or Qqe of them, or such Trustpe Qwawt t^ bc

or Guardian, Trustees or Guardians, then such Share or Shares of such d^ceased Own,er or Owners, l«wc to the

as also his, her, or their perfanal Efta$e, (in case they (handle, leaving Assets), fh^U be subject and fcc*

liable to the fame Penalties and Forfeitures as arc herein-before directed, in respect of the Share or n

Shares of such Person or Persons as (frail neglect or refuse to pay in his, her, or their rateable

or proportionable Part or Share of such Mpnies as (frail be called for, in Manner herein-before

mentioned.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for tfre fev?ral Pro- Proprietors «*y

prietors of the said ManufaAory to fell *md dispose of any Share or Shares he, she, or they, shall or fell and dispofc7

may be intitled to therein, lubjeA to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned j and any Purchaser of their Slurea.

or Purchasers shall, for his, her, or their Security, as well as that of such Proprietor or Proprietors,

have a Duplicate of the Deed of Alignment or Conveyance made unto* him, her, or them, and exe-

cuted by such Person or Persons, of whom he, she, or they, shall purchase the fame, and alTb by the

Purchaser Or Purchasers thereof. One Part whereof, duly executed, both by the Seller and Purchaser,

shall be delivered to the Company’s Clerk for the Time being to be filed and kept ’for the life o/the

said Company; and an Entry thereof (hill be made in a Book or Boqks to be kept by the said Clerk

for that rurpose, for which no more than One Shilling; (kill be pai>d; and the fndCIerk is hereby

required to makef such Entry accordingly; a#d until such Duplicate of 4ucn Deed mall Jbe (o delivered

in to the said Clerk, and filed and entered, <as above directed, such Purchaser or rurchafers shall have

no Part or Share of the Profits of the fold Manufactory, nor any Iqtcreft f^r hj$ said Share paid to frioii

her, or them, or any Vote as a Proprietor or Proprietor?.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thft no such Sale or ifotice to be

Sales, except to a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Company, shall tye any such Share

or Shares, by any Proprietor or Proprietors, unfefs Three Months Ifotice in Wj^ting/hall he given

to the Governor, Deputy ^governor, or any Three of the Committee, of fych his, per or thqr In-

tentions to sell the same j and unless Content f(ball he given by a Majority of the ,whqle Numbpr of

Proprietors, signified by Ballot at some General Meeting, yyhich shall be held withinEour MphibsX^cr

such Notice given.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Number of Proprietors of the said Manu- Proprietor* rt-

faAory shall at any future Time be reduced to the Number of Fifteen pr under then all the Powers J5*

of this Act, shall be fully exercised and enforced, in like Manner as is herein-before directed, by a Ma- eiea/°fc the*

jority of such Number, in all. Cafes where more than Five Proprietors are herein-before required to be Powers of th'i

present at any Meeting. Aa in Ui Cafe*

where more th*a Fire are to be prefect It Meeting.

XXVII. And be it eqaAcd by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Sum of Forty thou- Afttr^CT^"b

sand Pounds, herein-before authorised to be raised, (tall be found insufficient for the EJstablishment ^npaiiy\J

and carrying on of the said Manufacture 5 then, and in such Cafe, it (Hall and may be lawful to and original Sum not

for the said Company of Proprittqrsy by and.with.the Content, Assent, and Approbation of not less fuflfcient.

than Thrce^foarths in N umber of the said Proprietors, and not other wise, to raise and contribute

amongst themselves, in Manner and Form aforesaid, or by the Admi/fion of new SuJ>scribers/ upon

such Terms.as they shall think proper, ?»y further or other Sum or Sums of Money, for establishing

And.carrying on. the said Manufactory, not exceeding the Sum of Twenty thoufancTPounds; and ......

every Contributor or Subfcrjber towards raising such further pr" other Sum or Sums of Mortey, shall

have alike Vote in respect of every such Share in the said additional Sum so to be raised, and shall

also be liable to such Forfeitures, and (land ioterefted in the Profits and Produce of the said Manu-

factory, for such Share or Shares as he.* (he, or they, may subscribe thereto, as generally and exten-

fively, to all Intents and Purposes, as if stich further Share or Shares so subscribed had originally been

Part of the said Stock of the said Company $ any Thing herein-before contained to the Contrary in

anywise notwithstanding.

XXVIlf. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons Forging the Seal

shall forge or counterfeit the Seal of the Corporation, or any Deed or Writing under the common ^e/j0rn|)any

Seal, or shall demand any Money in pursuance of any such forged or counterfeited Deed or Writing, ““ eo*y‘

either from the Corporation or any Members or Servants thereof, knowing such Writing to be forged,

with Intent to defraud the fame Corporation, or their Successors, or any other Person or Persons

whomsoever, every Person so offending, and being convicted thereof in due Form of Law, shall be

judged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported to One of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in

America for a Term not exceeding Seven Years.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, stea]jn. m

by Day or Night, break into any House, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place or Building, or by Ar0ying the

Force enter into any House, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place or Building belonging ta the said Work*,

Manu-

