A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 38. 497

acting in and for the said County or Liberty, which Warrant the said Justice or Justices is and are

hereby auxhorifed and required to grant in any Place within their respective Jurisdictions, or out of tho

Limits thereof, such Warrant being first backed or countersigned by some Magistrate in the County,

City, or Liberty, where the Distress is to be made, to distrain the Goods ond Chattels of such Person

or Persons so neglecting or refusing, and the fame to fell, rendering the Overplus, if any such shall be)

after deducing the reasonable Charges and Expences of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner of such

Goods and Chattels demanding the fame.

LXXI. Provided always. That the said Commissioners, if they shall think proper, may fuc for be

or any of the Rates or Assessments which shall be made by virtue of this Act, and all Arrears due there- uc or*

ttpon and unpaid, in which Action no iifloin. Protection, or Wager of Law', or more than One Impar-

lance shall be allowed.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Tenant or Tenants, Otcupier or Occu- Tenants t# pay

piers of Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, in the said Squares, Rates, and <k-

otreets. Rows, Lanes, Alleys, and Yards, is and are hereby required and authorised to pay all and duftOneHalf

every the Sum and Sums of Money which shall be rated or assessed on him, her, or them, by virtue ofout their cnts*

this Act, for the Purpose of paving, and to deduct One Moiety thereof out of their Rent; and the

Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, shall, and they arc hereby required to allow such

Deductions and Payments upon Receipt of the Residue of their Rents; and every such Tenant, pay-

ing such Rate or Rates, Afllflmentor Assessments, shall be, and they are hereby acquitted and discharged

of and from One Moiety of so much Money as the said Rate or Rates, Aflcfiment or Assefl'ments,

shall amount unto, as if the fame had been actually paid to such Person or Persons to whom his, her, or

their Rent would have been or shall be due and payable.

LXXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained No Centraa fee

(hull be deemed or taken to make void any Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, between Landlord paving &c. to b«

and Tenant, touching or concerning the paving or repairing any or any Part of any Street, Row,void

Lane, Court, Yard, Alley, Paflyge, or Place, but that every Person who is now by virtue of any such

Contrail or Agreement obliged to pave or keep in Repair any or any Part thereof, shall, in lieu thereof,

be obliged to pay the Rates hereby directed to be made and assessed for paving within such Square,

Sticet, Row, or Place, or so much thereof as such Commissioners as aforesaid shall deem just, and ac-

cording to the true Meaning of such Contrail, Covenant, or Agreement, for and during the l ime

that such Contrail, Covenant, or Agreement, shall remain in f orce; and in case any Dispute shall

arise concerning such Covenant, Contrail, or Agreement, the said Commissioners, or any Seven or

more of them, shall have Power to hear and finally determine the fame.

LXXIV. And be it further cnailed, T hat all Persons paying the respective Rates and Assessments perf0Bipaying

by this Act laid and assessed for the Purpose of paving, (h;ill be, and they and every of them is and Rates, eKttnpwd

are hereby exempted and discharged from the Expence of paving or keeping in Repair the Squares, from paring, Sec*

Streets, Rows, or Places, or such Parts thereof, whereon any such respective Rates shall be laid; and

also from all Penalties which may or might be incurred by reason of their neglecting to pave or keep

the fame in Repair; and that all Persons paying the Rate hereby laid and afiefl'cd lorcleanfing, watching,

and lighting, within the said Parish, and from all Penalties which might be incurred for Neglcctthercof.

1 LXXV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall pre- but nottoexcufe

vent the collecting any Arrears of any Rate or Assessment due from any Person or Persons under this Anrea,#>

or any former Act.

4 LXXVJ. And whereas it may he reasonable to excuse some Persons from the Payment of the powcTtoremita

4 aforesaid Rates or Afleiiments in Part, on Account of their Poverty 5 for Relief therefore in such f^rTof the

4 Cafe,’ be it further enacted and declared. That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Rates.

Seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to grant to such Person or Per-

fons such Relief in the Payment of any Rate or AUeflinent as they the said Commissioners shall think

proper, so as the Reduction doth not exceed One Half of the Afleifment payable by such Person or

Persons.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Collector or Collectors of the Rates and Assess- Colleton topay

ments aforesaid shall pay the Money as he or they shall receive the same to the Treasurer or Trea-Money #s CCIV*

furers for the Time being to the said Commissioners, and upon Payment thereof, such Collector or 1 e rCA“

Collectors shall take a Receipt for the fame of the said Treasurer or Treafcirers, which shall be given penalty on k«p-

without Fee or Reward, and therein the Name or Names of such Collector or Collectors shall ing above 100C

be expressed, and the Sum or Sums of Money paid shall be specihed; and if any such Collector longer than 14

or Collectors shall at any Time keep and retain in his or their Hands more than the Sum of One

hundred Pounds for any Time beyond the Space of Fourteen Days, (provided the said Treasurer

or Treasurers shall within that Time be ready to receive the same), he or they shall forfeit and pay the

Sum of Five Pounds for every Day that he or they shall retain any Sum exceeding the said One hun-

dred Pounds beyond the said Fourteen Days.

:LXXVIII. And for the more effectually enabling the said Commissioners to execute the Purposes

of this Act in the most expeditious Manner with respect to paving and regulating the several Streets, Money

Lanes, Rows, and Alleys, and other Places hereby directed to be paved, it is hereby further enacted, upon the Credit

That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they arc hereby impowered, from l ime to erf'the Rates,

Time, when they shall judge it ncceflaiy, to borrow and take up at interest any Sum or Sums of

Money upon the Credit of the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act for the Purpose of

paving, and by any Writing or Writings uponVcllum or Parchment, signed by the said Commissioners,

to assign the said Rates or Afkilments, ora competent Part thereof, to such Person or Persons who shall

VoL. XI. 3 S advance

