670 C. 28.

Anno decirrio testio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for deepening, cleansing, and making more commodious the Harbours of the

Town of Greenock; for supplying the Inhabitants with fresh and wholsome Water; and

for paving, cleaning, lightings and watching the Streets, and other publick Places,

within the said Town.

4 \X7 HEREAS the Harbours of Greenock, in the County of Renfrew, have of late Years, by

VV the Flux and Reflux of the Tide, and various other causes, been greatly choaked and filled

and Vessels now belonging, and trading to and from the said Port, are more numerous, and of

4 larger Dimensions than nerctofore: And whereas the Quays and Piers already made and constructed

4 by and at the Ex pence of the Town of Greenock, within the said Port or Harbours are not sufficient

4 for the Reception and convenient Lying of the Ships and Vessels resorting thereto, and for the

4 requisite and convenient Dispatch in loading and unloading the fame, which render the deepening,

4 cleansing, and scouring of the said Harbours, and the building and erecting new and additional

4 Piers and Quays, highly necessary, and the fame will be of great publick Utility* as well as of

4 Advantage to the Trade of the said Town: And whereas the Inhabitants of the Town of Greenccky

and Shipping there, have, in certain Seasons of the Year, much Difficulty in getting fresh and

4 wholesome Water; and the Streets of the said Town are ill paved, cleansed, and not lighted, nor a

4 Watch kept for preventing Disorders in the Night-time: And as the deepening, cleansing, and

4 scouring of the said Harbours, and the building and erecting the said new and additional Piers and

4 Quays, and the bringing in Water into the Town j and the paving, cleansing, and lighting the

4 Streets, and keeping Watchmen in the said Town, will be attended with considerable Expence*

4 which the ordinary Revenue of the said Town cannot defray; and as the fame cannot be effected

4 without the Aid and Authority of Parliamentmay it therefore please Your Majesty that it

may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in rhis present Parliament affirm*

Ma ttrateiof anc* by ^ie Authority of the same. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Magistraics

CtccDock may or Bailies, and Town Council of the Burgh or Barony of Greenock, and their Successors in Office, or

deco*-., ana scour such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, as they

tfet Harbour*, shall fee Occasion, to deepen, clean, scour, and preserve the said Harbours of Greenock, and the Im-

«nd build Pkri, provements and Additions which shall be made thereto by virtue of this present Act, from Dirt and

Mud, and other Obstructions whatsoever 1 and alto to build and ered, or cause to be built and erected

therein, (except as herein-after if excepted). Piers and Quays of proper Dimensions; particularly a

Quay or Pier Eastward from the present Harbours, to a Point of Lind called MacGilp's Tenement, and to

carry out the fame from the said Point into the River; and likewise such and so many other Quays,

Pie rs, Jettees, and Breads to the East of the aforesaid Point, or to the Weft ward of the present Harbours*

and other necessary Works within the said Harbours and Bay of Greenock, for the Reception of all

Ships and Vessels resorting to the said Port and Harbours, and for the more convenient loading and

unloading of such Ships and Vessels, and to be executed in such Manner, as the Commissioners here-

in-after named, or any Thirteen or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, in Manner as

herein-after directed, shall judge to be necessary and expedient.

Hen,fee. not to II. Provided always, That no Quay, Peer, Jcttee, Bread, or any other Work hereby authorised to

be built East of be built and erected, shall be built and erefled to the Eastward of the said Point of Land called Mac

aKnt^or WeTm GiIp*s Tenementy or to the Weft ward of the present Harbours of Greenock, without the Consent in

withou* Lord* Writing of Charles Schaw Lord Cathcart, his Heirs or A Signs, under his or their Hands and Seals first

had and obtained for that Purpose 1 any Thing herein-before contained to the Contrary in anywise

notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Two Bailies named by th£

Feuars and Subfeuars and T own Council of Greenock, and their Suftessors in Office, shall be, and

they are hereby appointed Trustees for putting this Ac* in Execution: And, for the better effecting

the Ends and Purposes of the fame, and that the Fee and Property of the Quays, Piers, Breads, and

oiber VVorkstobe made, built, and erected, by virtue of this A&, shall be, and the fame are hereby

velted in the said Trustees, to and for the Ends and Purposes aforesaid; and that the said Trustees are

and shall be bound to apply the Rates and Duties herein-after mentioned in making and repairing*

and keeping and maintaining the fame in good Order and Repair, and in preserving the said Port and

Harbours clean and free from Mud, Dirt, and other Obstructions.

Hutai Dotiw. IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Day of June* On#

Cathcart1* Coa<

Scat.

Trustct*.

thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, it (lull and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees,

and such Person and Persons as they shall appoint, to demand, collect, receive, and take (over and

above all other Rates and Duties which at present subsist, and are levied from Ships, Vessels, Baiks*

Lighters, and Boars, coming into, or going out of the said Port or Harbours of Greenock) of and from

all and every the Masters and Owners of any Ship*, Vessels, Barks, and Lighters, bound outward

from

oooole

