606 C. 69.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A. E). 1771.

Works to be m*

penalty on Por- other than the Scavenger contraQing with the Paid* Commissionersi or those employed under him, shall,

or^Aihei the Privity or Consent of the Owner, carry away any Cinders or Ashes from any House, ot

a^ay, not being* other Premises, in any Saaare, Street, or Place, within the Limits aforesaid, that such Person or Per*

the Sc 4 van per. Tons, so carrying away such Cinders or Ashes, shall forfeit a Sum, not exceeding Five Shillings, for every

Penalty on Own- such Offence; and in case the Person, who shall carry away the Cindfers and A flies without being pro-*

«r* of the C*rt. perly authorised by the Scavenger cannot be apprehended, that then a like Penalty of Five Shillings

shall be forfeited by the Owner of the Cart in which such Cinders or Ashes shall be placed, in order to

be carried away.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any

;Five or more of them, and they are hereby directed to cause all and every of the Works done in pur-

suance of this Act to be inspected by their Surveyor ot Surveyors, or by such other Person or Person*

as they shall, from Time to Time, appoint; and in case the fame shall not be well and sufficiently

performed, according to the Intent and Meaning of such Contrail or Contrails, or shall not befinifhect

.and completed at or within the Time or Times that the fame is or are agreed to be completed by the

said Contraflor or Contractors, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, shall re-

port the fame to the said Commissioners, at their next or any ocher subsequent Meeting, who shall or

may thereon, in their own Names, or the Names of any Five or more of them, or in the Name or

Names of their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Tirrte being, bring an Adiion of Debt, in any of His

Majesty’s Courts of Law at Westminslcr, against any Person or Persons so contracting and neglecting to

perform any such Contract or Contracts; and for any Penalty or Penalties which shall be contained in

such Contract or Contracts; and, on Proof of the Signing of the said Contract or Contracts, and Non-

performance thereof at the Time or Times for that Purpose therein mentioned, the said Commissioners

shall be intitled to, and shall recover such Penalty or Penalties, which, when recovered, shall be ap-

plied for the Purposes of this Act.

XIV. Provided always, That it shall and maybe lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or

more of them, to compound and agree with any such Person or Persons, for any Penalty or Penalties

contained in any Contract or Contracts made or entered into in pursuance of this Act, on account of

any Breach or Nonperformance of any such Contract or Contracts, for such Sum or Sums of Money

as they shall think proper, so as the Sums so compounded and agreed for be not less than the Injury or

Damage sustained by the Breach or Nonperformance of such Contract or Contracts 5 and all Costs,

Charges, and Expences, which shall be occasioned thereby.

Xv. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners,

(CojnraHTioner*

.cnajr compound

♦for Breach of

Comra#.

.Piviors, Carter*,

4cc. to be ap-

pointed.

■;Difpatfc* about

Wafes, how to

be settled.

Commissionera

<.*nay cause the

Streets, Ssc. to

be new paved,

A*

or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time, to order and dire<t such and so many Paviors,

Artificers, Workmen, Labourers, Carters, and others, in the respective Works as aforesaid, as they

shall judge necessary for the due Execution of such Works; and no Person or Persons shall, for any

Act done in consequence of his, his, her, or their being so employed by Order of such Commissioners,

be subje£t or liable to any Action, Indictment, or Information, upon the Statute made in the Fifth

Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth^ intituled, An At! containing divers Orders for Artificerr, La-

bourer,r, Servants of Hufbcindry, and Apprentices: And in case any Dispute shall arise with respect to the

Wages of such Paviors, Artificers, or Labourers employed, all such Disputes may be settled by an$f

One of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlejex, and the fame shall be final.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, may

cause all or any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewfes, Alleys, Passages, or Places,

or any Part or Parts thereof, whether Foot or Carriage-ways, within the Limits aforesaid, to be new-

paved or repaired; and for such Purposes may cause to be dug, carted, and carried out of, or brought

into the fame, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, such Gravel, Stones, and other Mate-

rials, as they shall judge neccifany; and may likewise cause the Ground thereof to be raised or lowered,

the Course of the Channels running in or through the fame to be turned or altered, new Grates to the

Common Sewers to be added or replaced, and in what Number of Places they shall think proper; and

the Water-pipes which now lie, or hereafter shall be laid under Ground, to be taken up and new-laid

in such Places, Manner, and Form, as they shall judge bell; and may cause all or any Polls or Rails,

in such Streets or Places within the Limits aforesaid, as they shall judge useless, or to be a Nuisance

or Obstru£tion either to Foot Paficngers or Carriages, to be taken up and removed; and likewise all

Steps, Bulks, Stalls, Dung-boles, Saw-pits, Shew-glasses, and Shew-boards, or Goods expufed for

Sale, or otherwise incroaching upon the Foot-way 5 as also all Steps and Doors opening or leading

from the Foot-way or Carriage-way into Vaults, Cellars, and other Places, to be removed, filled up,

and altered, as they the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall judge necessary.

fptjnalty on alter- XVII. And be it further enacted, That noPeifon or Persons shall alter, or cause to be altered, the

.ing theform of Form of any of the said Squaies, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewfes, Alleys, Passages, or Places,

Streets, See. e- which shall be paved by Order of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or the Manner of the Pavement

thereof, or in anywise incroach thereupon; or put up any Port or Ports, Step or Steps, or ere£l any

Bulks or Stalls, or place out any Shew-glaifes or Shew-boards, or Goods exposed for Sale, or other-

wife, so as to be an Incroachment; or make any Dung-holes or Saw-pits; upon Pain that every

Person so ofhnding shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds,

nor less than Forty Shillings, ov.raiul above the Expences of relaying and reinstating such Pavements,

or taking down such Polts, Bulks, or Stalls, and removing or altering such Shew-boards or Shew-

glasses, or filling up such Dung-holes or Saw-pits, according to the Direction of the said Commis-

iioncis.

XVIIL And

retting Bulks,

.placing Shew-

& c.

