114, C. 21.

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 177*.

Collectnri dis-

qualified from

acting as Com*

missioners.

Pavements lia-

ble to be repair-

ed by any Parish,

See. are to be

repaired at their

Expence by the

Corrmissioners

Paviors.

T^e Commis-

fjonerimaycom-

. pound with such

Parishes.

7C001. may be

advanced for the

Purchase of

Annuities,

Annn’ties to be

charged upon

the Rates,

and deemed

indefeasible

Estates,

net chargeable

to the Land

Tax.

Receipts and

Orders for Pay-

ment to be sign-

ed, and given to

the Contribu-

tors.

Annuit'es may

he assigned toties

quDtics.

Hoofer, Arc. to

rif<* perpt ndicu-

lall', whennew-

Vwilt, or ntw-

itynted.

or them colle3ed by virtue of this A3, or so as the fame cannot be obtained by the Time the said Com*

missioners shall stand in need thereof for the Purposes for which the fame was collected ; then, and in every

such Cafe, such Sum and Sums of Money shall be again rated and assessed by the said Commissioners, or any

seven or more of them, in the Streets, Lanes, and Places, for which such Person shall have been appointed

Collector, in such Proportion and Manner as the Rates are directed to be made by this A3 ; apd shall be

colle3ed, levied, and distrained in such Manner, and under such Penalties, as are herein provided for col-

le3ing and levying the Rates due and payable by this A3.

LIL Provided always and be it ena3ed, That none of the Commissioners herein named* or who shall

be hereafter chosen by virtue of this A3, shall a3 as Commissioners, during such Time as he or they

shall execute the Office of Colle3or of Co)le3ors of the Rates to be raised and levied pursuant to this A3*

LIII. And be it further ena3ed by the Authority aforesaid, That where apy Part or Parts of the Pave-

ments of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, or other Places within the Distri3 as aforesaid, hath or have

been accustomed, or ought to be paved and repaired by any particular Parish or Parishes, Bodies Politic or

Corporate, and not by the Owners or Occupiers of the Houses or other Buildings adjoining to the Pave-

ments of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Places respectively; the fame shall be paved and repaired at

the Expence of the respe3ive Parish or Parishes, Bodies Politic or Corporate, by the Pavior or Paviors

contracting with or employed by the said Commissioners.

LIV. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or more

of them, from time to time, to compound and agree for the fame with any such Parish or Parishes, or Bo-

dies Politic or Corporate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Foot or other Measure, as the said Com-

missioners, or any five or more of them, shall think reasonable.

• 4 LV. And whereas the Money to be colle3ed, by virtue of the Rates to be made in pursuance of this

€ A3, will not be sufficient for the speedy carrying into Execution the Purposes aforesaid \ Be it further

ena3ed, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to contribute, advance, and pay

into the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for the Uses and Purposes in this

A3 mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of seven thousand

Pounds, for the absolute Purchase of one or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during

the full Term of the natural Life of such Contributor or Contributors respectively, or the natural Life of

such other Person or Persons as shall be nominated by or on the Behalf of such Contributor or Contribu-

tors respectively, at the Time of Payment of his, her, or their respe3ive Contribution-money, so as the

said Annuity or Annuities do not exceed the Rate of ten Pounds by the Hundred, and so in proportion for

any greater or less Sum, to be paid as aforesaid.

LVI. And be it further ena3ed. That all and every the Annuity or Annuities, so to be purchased under

and by virtue of this A3, shall be and arc hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable from time

to time out of, the Monies arising by the Rates and Alieflments as aforesaid ; and all and every the Contri-

butor and Contributors upon the Credit of this A3, duly paying the Contribution or Purchase-money for

any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, or his, her, or their respe3ive Executors, Administrators, or

Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be intitled, by virtue of this Act, to have, receive, and

enjoy, the respe3ive Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased, out of the said Rates or AlVeflments by this

A3‘appointed for the Payment thereof as aforesaid, during the Term of the natural Life of the Person to*

be nominated by each such Purchaser or Contributor as before mentioned ; and that all and every such Pur-

chafer and Purchasers, and their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall have good, fore, absolute,

and indefeasible Estates and Interest in the Annuity or Annuities so by him or them respectively to be

purchased, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this A3; and that none of the said Annuities

shall be subje3 or liable to the Tax charged or to be charged upon Land by Authority of Parliament;

and that every Contributor upon this A3 for the Purchase of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid*

his, her, or their Assigns, upon Payment of the Consideration or Purchase-money, shall have a Receipt

or Receipts for the fame, and also an Order on Parchment (which may be made without any Stamps) for

Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities for and during the natural Life of the Person who shall be so

nominated as aforesaid, by four quarterly Payments in the Year; which Order shall be signed by the said

Commissioners, or any five or more of them ; and after signing thereof, the fame shall be firm, valid, and

of good efie3 in the Law, according to the true Purport and Meaning of this A3.

L VII. And be it further ena3cd. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Purchaser or Purchasers

of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or

Assigns, at any Time or Times, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals,

to atlign such Annuity or Annuities, or any Part thereof or IntercA therein,.to any Person or Persons

whatsoever, ai d so toties quoties, and a Memorandum or Entry of all such Orders and Assignments shall be

made, in tire Book to be kept as hereafter mentioned, at the Charge of the said Commissioners; for which

Entry or Memorandum the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid, and no more; and no such

Assignment shall be deemed val:d, unless such Memorandum or Entry shall be first made as aforesaid.

LViil. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Houses and Buildings hereafter to be

built or new-fronted, or any Part thereof, within theDiflri3 aforesaid, flinll, for the cffc3uai and absolute

Prevention of all Manner of Projt3ions, Annoyances, and Inconveniencies thereby, rife perpendicularly

from the Foundation: And if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times he easter, presume to

build or new-front any House or other Building, or any Part thereof, within the Distii3 aforesaid, or

cause the fame to be done, or rife otherwise than perpendicularly from such Foundation, it shall and may

be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, under their Hands and Seals, to

cause the fame to be pulled down and rempved by any Perform Workmen, or Persons they dull think fit;

the

