524. C; 4.6. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

^0 Profeejition XIV. Provided always. That no Prosecution under this present Act shal! He against any Person or

bro^h^within Persons whatsoever, unless the fame shall be brought within Three Months of the Time at which the

Three Month* Offences charged was or were actually committed: And that in all Cafes an Appeal shall lie against

after the Offence every Sentence or Judgment of One or more Justices of the Peace, made under and by virtue of the

iva* committed. Powers given by this Act, to the next Quarter-fc (lions of the Peace for the County within which the

Determinanon Offence was committed, whose Determination shall be final j and that the said Appeal shall be com-

fession* to*^*Petentt0 every Person and Persons having an Interest, and apprehending him, her, or themselves to be

<o*l. aggrieved by such Sentence and Judgment.

XV. Declaring always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

Aeffen, or take awaV> any of the Jurisdiction$, Powers, and Authorities, Rights, Privileges, and

.rifdiftion of the Immunities, of any of the Cities and Royal Boroughs within that Part of the United Kingdom called

4U>>*1 Boroughs. Scotland, or of the Magistrates and Town Council of the fame, as contained in Acts of Parliament, or

Charters and other Grants from His Majesty and His Royal Predecessors; nor shall this present tfk be

any Way derogatory to, or in any respect whatsoever be understood to encroach, repeal, or take away

tthe said Jurisdictions, Rights, or Immunities; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary notwith-

,{landing.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds in the Revenues of Excise with respect

to Tea, Soap, Low Wines, and Spirits.

preamble. ' 4 WJ HEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His

A&aoQco.I. late Majesty King George the First, in titled. An Act for repealing certain Duties therein men-

4 tioned, payable upon Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate, and Cocoa Pajle, imported, and for granting cer-

4 tain Inland Duties in lieu thereof; and for prohibiting the Importation of Chocolate ready made, and Cocoa

‘ Pajle; and for better ascertaining the Duties payable upon Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts, imported; and for

r4 granting Relief to Robert Dalzell late Earl of Carnwath it was enacted, That no Tea exceeding

the Quantity of Six Pounds Weight fhdBla be removed or carried from any Part of this Kingdom

"4 by Land or Water, without such Permit, or Certificate, as is therein expressed and required: And

4 by the said Act it was further enacted, That every Seller of and Dealer in Tea should, each Night, en-

'4 ter into a Book, kept for that Purpose, an Account of the Gross Quantity of Tea, which he should

/4 retail or consume in each Day in small Quantities, under the Weight of Six Pounds, and in one

*4 other Book should enter, every Night, every Parcel of Tea above the Weight of Six Pounds

4 which he should fell in each Day: And whereas by the said recited Act, no Provision is made for

4 distinguishing in such Permits or Certificates, or in such Entries, the Quality or Colour of the Tea

4 so permitted or certificated, or so entered, in the said Books, whereby great Frauds and Abuses have

4 been committed, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the several Acts of Parliament relative

4 to the Duties on Tea, and to the manifest Prejudice of the fair Trader in the said Commodity; for

A Remedy whereof, and for the greater and more effectual Discouragement of the illegal and pernicious

4 Practice of unlawfully importing and clandestinely Running of Tea,’ be it enacted by the King’s

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

After June 24., and Commons, in this present Parifament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and

177a,allDc.iJ- after the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seveney-two, all Dealers in and

er* in Tea shall Sellers of Tea, who shall then have, or from thenceforth receive into their Custody any Bohea, Congo,

nifter Uc. with Souchong, or Pekoe Tea, shall, and are hereby obliged and directed, from Time to Time, to

the Word* Black mark each and every Canister, Bag, Jar, Tub, Box, Cask, or other Package, in which they shall

/©r Green, ac- keep any Bohea, Congo, Souchong, or other Pekoe Tea, wirh the Word Black, and also to mark

cording totbe each and every Canister, Bag, Jar, Tub, Box, Cask, or other Package, in which they shall keep any

Canister*&c ^ ol^er Kind of Tea, not being Bohea, Congo, Souchong, or Pekoe *Tca, with the Word Green, the

am er, c. Words Black and Green to be respectively marked on the most conspicuous Part of such Canister,

Bag, Jar, Tub, Box, Cask, and other Package,

lack Tea, and 4 II. And, for avoiding all Doubts and Controversies concerning the Two Kinds of Teas in this Act

Green Tc*» h.w c mentioned, and distinguished by the Names of Black Tea and Green Tea' it is hereby decla cd and

to be difhnguith- ^nadled by the Authority aforesaid, That by the Term or Name Black Tea, is meant all such Teas as

c are usually called or known by the Name of Bohea, Congo, Souchong, or Pekoe Tea; and that by

the Term or Name Green Tea, is meant all Teas not being such Bohea, Congo, Souchong, or Pe-

koe Tea.

<Offirers of Ex- HI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Twenty-fourth

.eifefinding an Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, tic Officer and Officers of Excise who

Incnai? of Tc« shall, from Time to Time, survey and take the Srock of Tea at the Warehouses, Storehouses, Room?,

inf nC Shops, Cellars, Vaults, and other Pi aces made ufc of for keeping Tea by Dealers in and Sillers of

fcii/fech*in- Tea, (hill keep a separate and distinct Account of the Black 7'ea, and of the Green Tea, which shall

create, outer* at any Time be in their or any of their Custody, and if such Oificer of Excise shall find any Increase

.the Owner pro- either of Green Tea or of Black Tea in the Custody of any such Dealer or Seller, over and above the

duce a Certificate (Quantity of each respective Sort which such Officer found in such Dealer or Seller’s Custody at the

I inr*£ such Officer’s last preceding Survey, upon such Dealer or Seller, such Increase shall de deemed

