A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgiiin. C. 15. 73

LIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where Cognizance is given jaf>ic-s mn ad-

to any Justice or Justices of the Peace by this Act, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to admi- mimiirr

nifter an Oath to any Person for his or their more certain Information in the Matters then depending.

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any two Justices of the Peace Commoner*

for the County of Middlesex, although such Justices shall be Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, x - i \"

to hear and determine any of the Offences arising within their respective Jurisdictions which are made sub-

jest to and punishable by any pecuniary Penalties directed to be levied by virtue of this Act. a

LVI. And be it further enacted, That a Book or Books shall be prepared and kept by the said Cornmif* 0"W*. »<,

sioners, or by such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint, wherein shall be b- in

fairly entered, from time to time, the Names of such Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall Buok>*&c.

nominate and appoint to put in Execution the Purposes of this Act; and Copies of all Orders and Pro-

cccdings relating thereto, and alfoan Account of what Monies shall have been a lie lied, raised, levied, and

paid by virtue of this Act, and how the fame shall have been applied, and the Names of the Annuitant t>r

Annuitants, and what Sum or Sums he, (lie, or they paid for such Annuity or Annuities respectively, and

what he, she, or they, is or are to receive for the fame; which Book or Books the said Annuitants, or

any of them, and all Persons contributing to the said Rates or Assessments, may at all convenient Times

peruse and inspect without Fee or Reward.

LVII. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall, at

all their Meetings under this Act, pay and defray their own Expences. to defray thtir

LVIII. And be it further enacted, oy the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress shall be made ovvn ^p^i-

for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed

unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of 0*Vornu

any Default or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining

be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards

done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, may re-

cover full Satisfuftion for the Special Damage in an Action on the Cale.

LIX. Provided always. That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such Irregularity, Plai»t*fr not to

Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by, or on the Behalf of the recover u*

Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such Irregularity, Trespass,

or wrongful Proceeding, before such Action brought; and in case no such 'Fender shall have been made, c macc*

it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants, in any such Action, by Leave of the Court

w here such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money

as he or they shall think fit; whereupon such Proceedings, or Orders, and Judgements, shall be had,

made, and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions, where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money

into Court.

LX. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That no Nomination, Corftraft, War- Writing to be

rant. Judgement, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of, or only wltboal StJmFl*

signed by any Commissioner, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or under the

Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of, or only signed by, any other Person or Persons whatsoever, relating

to thr Execution of this Act, shall be chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

LXI. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Orders, &c. to

Commissioners, at their Meetings, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and such be e£lerc<J in

Orders and Proceedings, so entered, shall be signed by the Clerk or Clerks at any Meeting of five or moreBoak#*

of the said Commissioners assembled, as the Cate shall require; and such Orders mail be deemed and taken

to be Original Orders; which said Book or Books shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in

all Courts whatsoever.

LXII. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That no Proceedings to be had touch- Procr*dingi rot

ing the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter to be removable

or Tmng to be none or transacted, in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed bICc,uorafU

for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his

M.ijt fly’s Courts of Record at IVtflminfttr \ any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstandine.

LX111. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit (nail be com- Limitation ot

me need against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until twenty-one Days Aflioni.

Nonce Dial 1 oc thereof given in Writing to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, or after sufficient Satis-

faftton, or l ender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after six Calendar Months

next alter the I\.ft committed, for which such Action or Actions, buit or Suits, shall be brought; and

every such lion shall be brought, laid, and tried in the County or Place where such Matters and Things

fcspectively Dial i be committed or done, and not in any other County or Place; anil (he Defendant or De-

fendants in such Actions and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act General Llue#

and the Special M iner in Evidence at any Trial or Trials that shall be had thereupon; and that the Matter

or 1 hing, I or which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought, was done in pursuance

and by the Authority of this Act; and if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if

it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before twenty-one Days Notice thereof given as afore-

said, or that fuifiwicnt Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall

riot be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County or

Place than as :»4crefaid; then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein: And it

a Verdict or Verdicts flub be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in

fuc h Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action or

Vcl. XI. L Actions,

