A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 1. 3

VII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prohibit the United Company ofMer- nor to any or the

fvams 6f England trading to the East IndirSy from exporting any of the said Commodities to any of their rfid Cormnodi-

Torts Factories, or Settlements, for the Support of the Persons residing there; so as the like Security be jjf*E*ft°?nd,«y

g ven for the exporting thereof, as is required by this Act to be given by Persons carrying any of the said company to "

Commodities to the British Colonies in America. their Forts, &e.

Vill. Provided also, T hat this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to any Wheat, nor to wheat.

Flour, Malt, Barley, Bread, Bifcuir, or Pease, to be transported out of or from the Port of Southampton Flour, Malt,

only, unto the l/lands of 'Jcfv, Guerrfy, and Alderney, or any of them, for the only Use of the Inhabit- Bar,ey> Bread,

ants of those Islands ; so as the Exporter, before the lading of such Commodities, or laying the fame on board,

do become hound, with other sufficient Security, in treble the Value thereof, which the Customer or Comp-tr0°n™0 jcrfcy™P"

trollerof the lame Port hath hereby Power to take in his Majesty’s Name, and to his Majesty’s Ufc, and for Gucmicy, and

which Security no Fee or Reward shall be given or taken, that such Commodities shall he landed in the said Alderney, &c.

lllands of Jcrj:y, Guernsey, and Alderney, or one of them (the Danger of the Seas only excepted) for theUfefoi the Use of

of the Inhabitants there, and shall not be landed or fold in any other Parts whatsoever, and to return the like the inhabitant*

Certificates of the landing the fame there, as are herein required on the Exportation of the said Commodities onlX> *c#

to the British Colonies in America, and within the Time for that Purpose herein mentioned ; and so as the so a* the Quin*

Quantity of Wheat, Flour, Malt, Barley, Bread, Biscuit, and Pease, which at any Time or l imes, during tity exceed not

the Continuance of this Act, shall be shipped at the said Port for the said Islands, or either of them as afore- 50C° Qnartcr#

said, doth not exceed in the whole five thousand Quarters \ any Thing herein contained to the contrary not-,n 1 ew oe*

withstanding.

IX. Provided also, That this Act shall not extend to any Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, or Flour, to be "or to

transported out of or from the Ports of il hit eh oven or Liverpcole only, into the ljlc of Man, for the only Use Floor

of the Inhabitants of that I Hand ; so as the Exporter, before the lading of such Wheat, Barley, Oats, frocm white-

Meal, or Flour, or laying the fame on board, do become bound, with other sufficient Security, in treble haven or Liver-

the Value thereof (which the Customer or Comptroller of either of the said Ports respectively hath hereby pooic to the isle

Power to take in his Majesty’s Name, and to his Majesty’s Use) for which Security no Fee or Reward shall ®M*n* for *he

be given or taken, that such Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, or Flour, shall be landed in the said lfle ^biunuonly1*!

Alan (the Danger of the Seas only excepted) for the Use of the Inhabitants there, and shall not be landed or

fold in any other Parts whatsoever; and to return the like Certificates of the landing the fame there, as are

by this Act required on the Exportation of the said Commodities to the British Colonies in America, and

within the Time for that Purpose herein mentioned ; and so as the whole Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, so • thcQuan-

Meal, and Flour, which, at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act, shall' be shipped attlt? exceeJ noC

both the said Ports for the said Ijle of Man, shall not exceed in the whole two thousand five hundred Quar-

ters ; one Moiety thereof to be exported from the said Port of Whitehaven, and the other Moiety thereof to 0"^ Moicry'o

be exported from the said Port of Liverpool; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. b- dipped front

Whitehaven, and the other MoKty born Liverpool

X. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prohibit the Committee of Mer- nor to Wheit

chants trading to Africa, from exporting, during the Continuance of this Act, any Quantity of Wheat Flou.r» note*-

Hour, not exceeding two hundred Quarters; or any Quantity of Bread or Biscuit, not exceeding fifteen ^ne^nnr

Tons in the whole of such Bread or Biscuit, or of such Bread and Biscuit together, to the British Forts, to Bread or Bif.

Castles, and Factories in Africa, for the Support of the Persons residing there; so as the like Security be cuit, not exceed-

given for the exporting thereof, as is herein required to be given by Persons carrying the said Commodities inR I5Ton,»

to the British Colonic in America. Commits of

Africa Merchant* to their Fort*, &c. in Afric*,

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Customs for the Commissioner*

Time being shall, and they are hereby required, to give a full and true Account in Writing, to both Houses °*the Custom*

of Parliament, at the Beginning of the next Session thereof, of all Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, couT^toParh*!

Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, that shall before that Time be exported to any Place whatsoever, by virtue or ment of all the"

in pursuance of any of the Liberties or Powers hereby given or granted for that Purpose. Corn and other

Commodities so exported.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Certificates of the landing and dif- Time* Ignited

charging of the said Commodities to be exported, other than Coastwise, shall be returned within the respec-

five l imes following ; that is to say. Where the Bonds are taken in respect of any of the said Commodities ^mBonda

to be exported from Great Britain or Ireland, to any of the said Colonies or Plantations in America, within lrc taken,

eighteen Calendar Months after the Date of such Bonds ; and where to Gibraltar or Minorca, within twelve

Calendar Months after the Date of such Bonds ; and where to the lllands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or

Many within six Calendar Months after the Date of such Bonds; and where from Great Britain to Ireland,

or from Ireland to Great Britain, within six Calendar Months after the Date of such Bonds respectively.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, No Driwback

Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Starch, which shall be exported by virtue of this Act, shall be intiiled to any of Bounty to be

the Bounties or Drawbacks which arc allowed and made payable on the Exportation of such Commodities, [^coVmoJitie*

or any of them. so wp^tTd.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prohibit the Prohibilionnot

Exportation of Rice out of this Kingdom. tocxuadtoRicrJ

B 2

XV. 4 And

