A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 43* 239

after the Feift of Saint Jchn the Baf t if y the Turf lay next after the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel,

;mj the Tuesday next after the Featt of the Nativity of our Lord Christ; the fir It of which said Quarterly

thail he held at the Snr: Inn in Newport a lore said, and the lublequent Meetings at Inch Place as

the Di ectors and acting Guardians piefent at the preceding General Quarterly Meeting, from time to

time, fiiaii direct and appoint.

XXViil. And be it further enacted, That the Directors present at the General Quarterly Meeting to r <->nci?s in

be held on Tucfdcty in Eyhr Week in every Year, (hill till up, by Ballot, all such Vacancies as fhJI have D r-fu.rs ro be

happm.d in t; 1 c twenty tour Directors, by Death, Removal, or Refusal of acting, as well as such Vacan-

civs as dull then happen determined by the going out of Directors, by Ballot, as aforeluid; and at the said General a*

Meeting in Eafer \Vreek the Directors and acting Guardians then present flaal 1 examine anj audit the Trea-

furcr’s Auouno, and tluli then, by Ballot, re-elect the same Person or Perfms, or any other Person or

Persons, to be Treasurer or Treassurers for the following Year; and so from Year to Year, on every fuc-

ecc Ji:ig 7uejiay in Easter Week for ever.

XXi X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That at any of the said General Quarterly Meetings tfacuici?*in

b rein before directed to be held, other than the General Meeting on the ‘luefday in E after W<ck, the P:r*iu>n or

JXrectos present at such Meltings shall and may fill up, by Ballot, amongst themselves, any Vacancies IT filled u*.°W

that may have happened in the t vetrty-four Directors, either by Death, Removal, or refuting to act; and to vt u],‘

the Diicciors and acting Guardians present at such Meetings shall and may, out of the Lilt of Candidates at

the last preceding E ectiv>n of ailing Guaidian>, fill up, by Ballot, any Vacancies that may have happened

in the thirty-six acting Guardians, either by Death, or Removal, or refusing to act; but no such Director

or acting Guardian lo to be elected to fill up any Vacancy, shall continue Director or acting Guardian for

any longer I ime than the Person in whose Place he shall be elected might or ought to have continued by

virtue of this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors and acting Guardians shall, at the said Meet- Committ-e? foi

ing to be had on the Tueflay in Easter Week, appoint twenty-one Directors and acting Guard,ans together ^hQ^ucr,

(live of which Number at the lead to be Directois; for each Quarter of the succeeding Year, to infpcct, diner,

manage, and provide lor the said poor People in such respective House or Hojfes; and for that Purpose the

fi.J twenty-one Directors and acting Guardians, or any five or more of them, whereof two to be Directors,

shall in the respective Quarter of the Year for which they shall be appointed as aforesaid, meet at the said Their Tower.

Ilwufc or Houses to be built for the Reception of the Poor aforesaid, every Saturday Morning, or oftener,

it it shall be neccfijry, together with the Clerk for the time being; and such of them as fhdi be there pre-

fer,t 111 .11 rnd may give such Directions as they shall think proper for the Employment, Maintenance, and

Relief of the Poor in such House or Houses, and for carrying into Execution such Rules, Orders, and Con-

Petitions, and such Powers and Authorities as shall be, fiom time to time, made and granted by the said

Lree'ors and acting Guardians.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said twenty-one Directors and acting Guar- Pejialtifion

chans so to be from time to time appointed as afoicfaid, for each and every Quarter in the Year, may, and anpn,*'irfc

they are hereby authorised, by Agreement amongst themselves, to fublivide themselves into Committees of

seven, to act for each Month in each Quarter, but so as not to preclude any of such twenty-one from be-

ing pulent, or voting at any such weekly or other Meeting aforesaid; and if there shall not he present at

any Meeting, so appointed to be held, hve Directois and acting Guardians together, (two whereof (hrll

be Directors) every Director who, by any such Agreement as aforesaid, ought to have attended, and shall

be absent, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings; and every Guaidian, who,

ty any such Agreement as aforesaiJ, ought to have attended, and shall be absent, shall, for every such Of-

Lncc, forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chmels of such

Director or acting Guardian, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one Just ice of the Peace for the

said County ol Southampton^ acting in and for the Divitiun of the ljle of JVight; and such Forfeiture shall be

raid to the Treasurer of the said Guardians, and added by him to the Common Stock, for the Use of the

roor.

XXXII. Anil b? it further enacted by the Authority aforesaiJ, That, at the said four General Quarterly Account? tn Sr

Meetings the said twenty-one Directors and acting Guardians for the preceding Quarter respectively shall fcuwo *1

R:t!c their Accounts, and, fiom time to time, shall cause tii fame to be delivered by their Treasurer 01 *Qf,raSlcc‘^

Ch 'k for the time being, or other Officer, to one of the Cle'k> of the Justices of the Peace for the County

of Southampton, acting for the Division of the ljle of ll'ight; which Justices shall, and arc hereby impmvered,

to hold a Special Sessions four Times in the Year; that is to say. Once in each Quarter, < n the Tuesday

in the Week next ensuing each of the said four General Quarterly Meetings, to audit the said Accounts;

anJ rhe Clerk of the said Justices shall lay the fame before the Justices of the Peace, at such Selnons, to he

by the said Justices examined, audited, and finally pall* d, for whiih a Fee of ten Shilling* and Sixpence,

nod no more, shall he paid to the Cictk of the said Justico, or l:r> Deputy; and no other Fee or Reward

shall be paid to, or be had, received, or taken, by the Clerk of the said Justices, or his Diputy, or any

other Person or Persons, under any Pretext whatsoever: Provided thu the Justices boldine Imh Scffirms,

or any or either of them, shall not have acted in the Capacity of Director during the Time for which

feih Accounts are to be patted.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority nforTaiJ, That r.t all such four General rfu'-n DiuOors

Quarterly Meetings by this A& directed to be held, not less than fif teen of the said Dn e.stors and a‘ring u bcpickni.

Guardians together (five of which Number at the least shall be Directors) shall be pidun; and the major

Part so assembled, of which major Parc five at the least shall be Director;, h*;.!! gr.c their A (Tent to every

Order made at such Meeting.

‘ XXXIV. And,

