A.D. 1772.

Anno duodecimo orgii III,

C. 6r. 5*9

thereto, and their Verdifls shall be kept with the Records of the said Sefllons respectively ; and the Judgment of

Judgment of the said Tuftices thereon {hall be final and conclusive to all Parties : And for thit End Juftlcc4W

the said Justices shall have Power to fend for any Persons i mere (led, and to examine any Rn ties or finaA*

Witnesses upon Oath ; and the Sums of Money so. to be affefieJ and adjudged not exceeding Thirty

Years Purchase, shall be paid to the O vners of the said Ground, according to their respeifive Interests

therein, in such Proportions as shall be adjudged by tie said Justices ; and upon such Payment, 01 in

case of Kcfufal to accept the Money, then upon leaving thL fame with the Julticv s for the Benefit of the

Owners, the Inheritance of the said Ground, and me Ule of the said Roads thereto, shall be veiled in

the Puichafers thereof, their Heirs and Assigns, for the Purpose :T>reUiJ, and n'>t oiherwifo

1 XVII. And whereas Leases or Agreements for Leases may hive been made* ot vlagaziius or o.hcr ljr(Tee^r Tenant

c Places for keeping Gunpowder, anJ, in Consequcnco of this A 1, it miy become unlawful 10 kce.j> J or

* unlimited Quantities or Gunpowder in some such Magazines or-Places;’ be it therefore enacted, 4^reen n-\.

That in every such Cafe it ihali ami may be lawful for th? LeTc o; Tenant of any fuen Magizine v>r on nvin^ j l.rr*

Place for keeping Gunpowder, to make void any such Lea fe or Agreement, up;.n giving Three Ca* Mo.nhiN.ncc

lendar Months Notice in Writing to the Leffbr or Owner of such Magazine or Place, of the Desire oftliC Lci*wr-

the Tenant to have such Lease or Agreement determined, and upon paying t6 such LelFor or O wner ail

Rents and Sums of Money which shall become due for the fame, to the Time of Determination limited

in such Notice, and upon performing ail Covenants and Agreements on the Part of the Lellce or Te-

nant to that Time.

XVIII. And be it further enacted. That no Person or Persons shall have or convey at any One

Time within Great Britain more than Twenty-five Parrels of Gunpowder, in any Waggon, Cart,^"^ at One*

or other Carriage by Land, or more than Two Hundred Barrels of Gunpowder, in any Barge, Boat, Tim d.*. 25

or other Vcficlby Wat.r, (except in Vessels with Gunpowder imported from, or to be exported to, Barrel>, by

any Place beyond the Sea, or going Coastwite), and all Gunpowder conveyed on Land or Water,. (ex.-and ™tc*'cd,n&

cepting such Vends for Importation or Exportation of Gunpowder, or going Coastwise), shall be in Bar- I^er1,It“

rels close jomt d and hooped, without any Iron about them, and so lecuied that no Part of the Gunpowder

befcattued in the Passage ; and each Barrel shall contain no more than One hundred Pounds of Gun-

powder ; and when conveyed by Land shall beentirely inclosed in a Leather Bag, or a Bag commonly called*

A Salt Petre Bag\ and every Carriage in which Gunpowder ihali be conveyed by Land, shall have a com-

plete Covering of Wood, painteJ Cloth, Tarpaulin, or Wadmill Tilts, over all the Gunpowder therein

contained: nnd also no Gunpowder shall be conveyed in any Barge, Boat, or other V eflcl by Water, (ex-

cept in Vessel* by Gunpowder imported, or to be exported in Manner aforesaid, or going Co alt wife)*

that bath not a close Deck ; and as soon as any Gunpowder is put on Board such Vessel, all such Gun-

powder shall be covered w ith raw Hides or Tarpaulins 5 and all Gunpowder, which shall be carried or

conveyed, (except in such Vessels with Gunpowder for Importation or Exportation as aforesaid, or

going Coastwise), within any Part of Great Britain* in greater Quantity, or in other Manner than is-

herein-belore prescribed ; and the Barrels in whion such Gunpowder shall be, may be seized by any

Person or Persons who (hJl have the fame Authority to remove such Gunpowder and Barrels, and to

use for that TuipoCe, during the Space of Twenty-four Hours after Seizure, the Carriage or Vessel in

which such Gunpowder shall be seized, and the Tackling, Beads, and Accoutrements belonging there-

to, on the Terms of paying a Recompence for the Use thereof; and to detain such Gunpowder and

Barrels as Is herein after given to Persons searching under a Warrant of a Justice of the Peace j and

such Seizure (half be for his, her, or their own Use, on Conviction of the Offender or Offenders.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That when any Barge, Boat, or Vessel, NoCunptw^

having (lale, condemned, or returned Gunpowder on Board, arrives at the Wharf, Key, or other ^aiVonde*

Place where the fame is intended to be landed, no Person or Persons shall begin to unload, or shall bring L

down lo fuchWharf, Key, or other Place, with Intent to load in such Vessel any other Gunpowder, until

the Whole, or 2 Part of luen Hale, condemned, or returned Gunpowder, be first unloaded and carried

away from such Wharf, Key, or other Place of landing; and alter such unloading and carrying Sway

of Part of such Gunpowder, no Person or Persons shall begin to load, or shall so bring down, with In*

tent to load, any greater Quantity of other Gunpowder than the Part unloaded and carried away, oa

Pain of forfeiting all such Gunpowder as ihali be so brought down or loaded contrary to the aforesaid

Provision.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, having the Peifen*

Care or M nagement of any Barge, Boat, or other Vcflei whatsoever, (except Ships or Vessels with

Gunpowder on Board imported from, or to be exported to Places beyond Sea, or going Coastwise), wiUupUvder*f*

loaded with Gunpowder, or any other Person on Boaid the fame, shall bring, have, or use,. or permit fovfcit $h

any Person or Persons to bring, have, or use any Charcoal or ocher combustible Matter, or any Ffre or

lighted Candle, or shall finoak, or wittingly peimit any Person to fnioak, oa Board the feme, all and

every such Person and Persons shall forfeit the Sum offrive Pounds.

XXI. And be it funher enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person. or Persons having the icrl. Pt»*lry fNr

Care of any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, used foi the Conveyance of Gunpowder by Land, shall, J*ner

alter beginning to place or load therein any Quantity of Gunpowder, or beginning to unload the fame|"^jin§, w9u*m

thereout, stop or (lay at any Place of loading, or in the Loading or Unloading, suffer any longer 1 ime lo-dm* powder

to pass than with the Use of all due Diligence flvill be reasonably neetfiary for the Purpose or loadinr by Land or w*.

nr unloading i and no Person or Perfoos having the Charge or Care of any Barge, Boat, or other Veliel Catnap*

used for the Conveyance of Gunpowder by Water, (except in the Cafe of Vessels loading for Imports

hen of Exportation of Gunpowder to or from Places beyond Sea* or going Coastwise)} Ihali, after be-

ginning

