A.D. 1771.

Anno undeclmo Georgi: 1IL

C. 1 5.

65

willing to undertake the fame, may make Piopofals for that Purpose to thefuid Commissioneis, at a certain

Time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned.

Xii. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That during all such Time as the new C:uitH

Pavement iball be carrying on and making in the Ibid.Sneer, and until such new Pavement (hull be com- I,JV s

aw

rrJ a, ti e

pitted, 11 iball and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioneis, or any five or more of them, to order

and ducct all and every such Carts and Waggons loaded with Hay or Straw, as flnll be brought lot Sale q ~ u ,11^."

into the said Patifli on the ulual Market Days, tube placed and itund in such of the Sticets or other Places

in the said Panih, and in such Manner and Form, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them,

ilui!, from time to time, direct or appoint; and that when such Pavement shall be completed and finished,

it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to order 2nd di*

feet all and every such Carts and Waggons loaded with Hay or Straw, as ill all be brought into the said pa-

nih for Sale on the ulual Market Days, to be placed anJ (land in or near the Middle of the said Street, at

such Dhtances, and in such Manner and Form, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them,

determined by Wiiting under their Hands, to be publickly affixed in fume conlpicuous Part or Parts of the Paid High

Strut* shall, from time to time, di redd and appoint: Ar.d if the Owner or Owners, Driver or Drivers ofPemliy 0^4 f-

any such Cart or Carts, Waggon or Waggons, loaded with Hay or Straw, as shall be brought into the said '’bcvin-fliCU

Parish for Sale on the usual Market Days as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to place his or their Cart or D]rcdluns-

Carts, Waggon or Waggons, according to the Directions of the said Commissioners, to be notified as

SifnreuiJ, or shall permit or suffer any such Cart or Carts, Waggon or Waggons, to (land on either Side of

the said Street, l'o as toobftrucl the free Passage for Carriages therein, it shall and m2y be lawful to and for

any Person or Persons whomsoever who Hull fee such Offence committed, to seize, as also for ary other

l\rionor Persons to alliib in seizing the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Act, and

without any other Warrant, to convey him or them before fume Justice of the Peace acting in and for the

laid County, and such J l: It ice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses, who shall

appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence (which Oath the said Justice is hereby

authorised and required to admimfltr) : And if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of huh Of-

fence, either by his or their own Confession, or upon such Information as aforesaid, he or they so c< nvibted

shall forfeit and pay the Sum often Shillings ; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not on Convic-

tion pay such Forfeiture, such Justice is hereby requirtd to commit him or them to the House of C01 redtion

for the said County, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding fourteen Days ;

and such Offender or Offenders shall not be difehareed before the Expiration of the Trine for which he or

they shall be so committed, unless such Forfeitures mall be sooner paid.

XIII. And be it further enavfted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the Property of the Pavements, and Property of Ma-

all Materials and Things which shall be provided and made use of for the Purposes of this Act, shall be, and t«yhls in

the lame arc hereby veiled in the said Commissioners, and they, or any five or more of them, are hereby an- Cummissionei*.

thorifed and impowertd to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in the Name or Names of

any one or more of them, or to prefer, or order and direct the preferring of Indictments against any Person

or Persons who shall (leal, take, or carry away any Part of such Materials or Things, or disturb them in

the Poflcffon thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at Penafty on in-

any Time or Times obstruct, hinder, or moldt any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, tmurring

"Workmen, Person or Persons whomsoever, who is, are, or shall be employed by virtue of this Act, in the Workmen.

Performance or Execution of their Duty, every such Person so offending shall, for the first Offence, for-

feit the Sum of twenty Shillings, for the second Offence the Sum of forty Shillings, and for the third, and

every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five Comirin'.oner*

or more of :hem, shall have full Power and Authority, from time to time, to sell and dispose of all or any m-y i>u rid

Part of the old Pavement, or other Materials, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to purchase the 4U*

fame, and to apply the Puchase-money for the Purposes of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaiJ, 'That when and so often as any Part of N’otAe to be

the Pavement of the said Street shall be taken up, for the Purpose of making, repairing, altering, cleansing, civ£‘n* frk?r i

or emptyi

for any other

Tur Hours, g

cution, in order that the fame may, with all convenient Speed, be laid down and repaired under the In-

spection of the said Surveyor ; and the Charges and Expences thereof shall be paid by the said Commission-

ers, and they shall be reimburs'd the fame by the Person or Persons, Companies of Water-works, or Com-

missiontrs or Sewers, who shall take up, or cause or procure to be taken up, the said Pavement, or any

Part or Parts thereof.

XV 11. Provided always, and be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful Crnn*r.;fno"eri

for the uid Con.nnrfictiers for putting this Act in Execution, or any five or more of them, from time to n ;J

time, to u rrp< und and agree with the said Companies, or Commissioners of Sewers or other PcH< n or * ]U, / "

Persons n-ipcctivi ly, for a certain Sum of Money by the Foot, or other Mcalure, as the said Commissioners " ,kC‘‘t"

for (Milting this Act in Execution, or any five or more of them, shall think reasonable, in lieu ami in (load

cr laying down or repairing such Pavement as shall be neceilanly taken up for any of the Purposes atore-

Lid

XVIII. And be it further cnndled, by the Authority aforesaid, That in case such Person or Pcjf »ns, h,w r/or.rs m

Companies of Water works, or Commissioners of Sewers iclpcctively, (Lull neglect or rdulc to pay wb.it be uova.;.

Vol. XI. K the

k ing any Sewer, Vault, or Drain, or of laying, altering, or mending any Water-pipe or Plug, or

jtner Purpose whatsoever, the Person or Persons so taking up such Pavement shall, within twenty-#ncy’

jrs, give Notice thereof to the Surveyor or Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this Act in F xe- u:dlnt arc.

