45* C. 30. Anno duodecimo Georgi III. A.'D. 1772,

Fourth or other Part of the said Light-houses and Duties is charged or subje&ed by the said former

or this present Act, for the Purposes herein-before enumerated, the fame shall be a Lien and Charge

upon the Reversion or Remainder of the fame Fourth or other Part, expedant on his Decease, and

' shall be payable to such Person or Persons as the said Leonard Thompson shall by Deed or Will, to be

duly executed by him in the Presence of and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, direct and

-appoint, or in Default thereof, to the Executors or Administrators of the said Leonard Thompson, at

the End of Six Months next after his Death, together with Interest for the fame, from the Day of

his Decease, by the Person or Persons who shall thereupon become intitled to the Rcverfton or Re-

mainder of the fame Fourth or other Part of the said Light-houses and Duties.

Saving Mr. VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be

Constable't construed to extend, to prejudice William Constable Esquire, his Heirs or Assigns, or such other Per-

Jogms. son or persons who now is or hereafter shall be Owner or Owners of the Soil or Ground whereon

such new-intended Light-houses, Offices, or other Conveniencies, shall be built, with respect to the

Satisfaction and Recompence made to him or them by the said former Ad, nor to defeat, lefTcn, or

prejudice the Right, Title, and Interest, of the said William Constable, his Heirs or Assigns, as Lord

or Lords of the Manor of Kilnfca, in the said County, or as Lord or Lords of the Seigniory of Hob

dernfs; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

Saving the VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein con—

Right* of the tained shall exte nd, or be construed to extend, to prejudice, lessen, or defeat, any of the Powers, Pri-

Gorporation. vilcges, Immunities, or Jurisdictions or belonging to the Corporation of the Trinity House of Dept-

ford Stroud.

Limitation of IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Act on or Suit shall be

Aftien*. commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done, or to be done, in pursuance of this

Ad, that then, and in every such Cafe, the Action or Suit shall be brought within Six Calendar

Months next after the Fad committed, and shall be laid in the County of York, and not elsewhere \

and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit so to he brought shall and may plead the

General Issue, General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had there-

upon: And if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or shall discontinue his, her, or their

Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff

Treble Cost*. or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Re-

medy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants shall and may have in any Cafes by Law.

publick Act. X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed*

and taken to be a Publick Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such in all Courts, and by all

Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same-

CAP. XXX.

An Act for the further Augmentation of the Salaries of the Justices of , and the

.< Great.Sessions for the Counties in ,

4 \\J HEREAS it is highly reasonable and expedient that a further Augmentation should be

4 W made to the Salaries of the Justices of Chester, and of the Great Sessions for the Counties ia

4 Wales: And whereas the several Stamp-duties, granted by divers Acts of Parliament made in the

4 Thirty-Second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Second

duties rra ted c an(] Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, and appropriated for the Payment of the augmented

ildl&^Geo Salaries of the respective Judges therein mentioned, have for the last four Years, produced annually

5 4 a considerable Surplus; and the fame is, by the said several Acts, reserved for the Disposition of Par-

4 liament be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

from April 2, and Conient of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affem-

1772, t:> be ap- bled, and by the Authoiitv of the fame, That, from and after the Fifth Day of April, One thousand

pUcd a afuther fCVen hundicd and seventy-two, there shall be issued, paid, and applied, in every Year, and out of

ofan> lhe Surpluses which shall arise upon the several Stamp-duties granted by the Acts aforesaid*

Justi'es3; after the Payment already charged thereupon, shall, from Time to Time, have been Satisfied, the

viz. 300’!. per Sums of Money following to the several Justices herein-after mentioned, as an Addition to, and in

Ann. *0 the further Augmentation of, their respective Salaries; that is to say. The annual Sum of Three hundred

Chief Justice of Pounds, to the Chief Justice of Chejhr for the T ime being; the annual Sum of Two hundred

pc^Ann* trTrhc Pounds, to the Second Justice of Chester for the Time being; and to each of the Justices for the Tirne

Second^uftite; being of the Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales: Which said several and respective Sums of

and to every Juf- Money shall be, and are hereby charged upon the Surpluses of the several Stamp-duties aforesaid, and

tice of the G»eat shall be p id thereout, in every Year, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner, as the Salaries

ScfTionscfvVaUsj t|ie faij J Lift ices now are or have been used to be paid.

o be paid is

lfTh-Sm ’uflVt Provided al ways, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Surplusses of

prove^infuffiacat Duties shall prove inefficient, in any Year, to make good and answer the Sums herein be-

in any Year, a fore appointed to be paid and applied yearly, in further Augmentation of the Salaries of the said

rateable Abate- Justices j then, and in every such Year, a rateable Abatement or Deduction, in Proportion to such

men: to be nude. Deficiency, shall be made out of the Several aunuai Sums hereby directed and appointed to be paid for

that

Preamble*

Surp 11* arising

from Stamp-

