A.D. 1771.

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

C. 50. 2S9

files the Loss of the said Bounty, the Importer shall also forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds; to be pro-

iecuted and recovered as herein-after mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fee, Gratuity, or Reward, shall

he demanded, taken, or received, by any Officer of his Majesty’s Customs for examining, viewing, or d(>

Jivenng such Staves and Heading with respect to the Premium or Bounty allowed by mis Act, or for the

ligning any of the Certificates in order to the receiving such Premium or Bounty, or for paying the fame ;

and any Inch Officer demanding or taking such Fee or Reward, shall, for such Offence, forfeit his Office,

and be for ever after incapable of executing any Office or Employment under his Majesty, his Heirs and

Succeilbr?.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Staves and Heading of the

Ci.owth or Product of any of the said Colonies or Plantations shall be again exported from Great Britain^

then, and in every such Cafe, the Persons exporting the fame shall, before the Entry thereof, pay unto the

Collector of the Customs of the Port where the fine shall be exported, or to the Chief Officer of the Cuf-

toms there, the full Sum which is allowed as a Premium or Bounty by this Act on all such Staves and

Heading as he intends to expoit.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, his, her, or their Agent

or Agents, Aifignee or Assigns, shall be found fraudulently to export or load on board any Ship, Vessel,

or Boat, in order to be exported, such Staves and Heading without paying such Premium or Bounty to the

Chief Officer or Collector of the Customs as aforesaid, such Person and Per (oils shall forfeit and lose all

such Staves and Heading, and double the Value thereof.

out paying the Bounty, to forfeit

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Collector or Comptroller of the

Customs, or Naval Officer, shall make any false Certificate; or if any Merchant, Trader, Factor, or other

Person, shall make any false Oath with regard to the Growth of such Staves and Heading; or if any Matter

or Commander of any Ship or Veftel shall make any false Oath concerning the Certificate for or the Identity

of such Staves and Heading; or if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit any such Certificate, as is herein

before directed to be made, in order to obtain any Premium or Bounty hereby granted; all and every such

Person and Persons so offending in any of the Cales aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds:

And if any such Person so offending shall be a Collector, Comptroller, or Naval Officer, or any other Of-

ficer of the Customs, he shall also forfeit and lose his Office, and be incapable of l'erving his Majesty, his

Heirs and Successors.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures

by this Act inflicted shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, determined, and recovered, by Bill, Plaint, or

Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Ifre/}min/!ery or the Court of Exchequer in Scot*

landy or in any of the Courts of Admiralty in his Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America respectively,

where such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be incurred; wherein no Eflbin, Protection, Wager of Law, or

more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act

imposed,'shall, if incurred in Great Britain^ he applied, one Moiety to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs

and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall sue for the same; and all such Pe-

nalties and Forfeitures as shall be incurred in any of the said Colonies or Plantations, shall be applied, Ooe-

third Part thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succclfiors, One third Part to the Use of the Go-

vernor of the Colony or Plantation where such Penalty and Forfeiture is incurred, and the remaining third

Part to such Person or Persons as shall sue for the same.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced

against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit,

if in Great Britain, shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed,

and if in any of the said Colonies or Plantations, within eighteen Calendar Months next alter the Fact

committed, and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants, in any such Action or Suit, may plead

the General Hfue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon,

and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear so to have

been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaint iff shall be nonsuited, or

discontinue his Action alter the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared: or if Judgement shall be

given upon any Verdict, or Demurrer, against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants dial 1 and may

recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or

have in other Cafes by Law.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Doubt or Dispute shall arise,

whciher the Staves and Heading, or any Part thereof, so to be imported or exported as aforesaid, are of the

Growth or Produce of any of the said Colonies or Plantations, or of any other Growth or Produce; or if

any Action shall be brought by the Owner or Claimer of such Goods, against any Officer of the Cu[corns,

or any other Person, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and any Doubt or Question fillal 1 there-

upon arise concerning the Place of the Growth or Product of such Goods, the onus prohandi filial 1 lie on the

Owner or Claimer of such Goods, or the Person claiming the Premium or Bounty, and noton the Person

who ftized or (topped the fame, or against whom such Action shall be brought; any Law, Cullom, or

Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

No Oratory to

be d<:manrir 1 by

O.iicrrs for ex

amininp, nor f t

litning any Or-

t.fic.i e«, id re-

covering the

Bounty.

If any S’av»%

Sec. o' the Pro-

duce of the Co-

ionics be export-

ed from Bjit.m.

Bounty to be

paid by the Per-

form exporting

the farr.c.

Persons fraudu-

icr.tly exporting

on board any

Ship Stave* and

Heading, \vi.ti-

the fame.

Collector*, Sec,

m-king false

CertificaUr, Sec,

or if any Master,

&c, shall make

any false Oath

concerning the

Identity of

Staves, or Prr-

fons counter!* t-

ing any Certifi-

cates to obtain

the Bounty, to

forfeit o I.

Forteitu.es in-

flicted by this

Ato be re-

covered by Plaint

or Information.

Application of

Pcn.rtio.

Limitation of

A&ioni.

General Ifll

Treble Costs.

D'fputes how so

be determined.

Vol.xi.

c A P.

