A.D. 1771.

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

C. 21. 113

of this Act, for or in respcll of the Tenement or Tenements by him, her, or them respectively occupied,

and all Arrears thereof accruing and becoming due while the said Tenements were empty and unoccupied,

when no Composition shall have been made as aforesaid, to the Colle£tor or Collectors, or other Person

or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid ; and shall be fubjcll to such Distress and Im-

jprisonment as aforesaid, in case of Non-payment thereof as aforesaid : And in case of such Payment, such

Tenant or Tenants, and Occupier or Occupiers, shall be at Liberty, and is and are hereby authorised to

deduct and detain, out of his, her, and their Rent, such Proportion of such Rates, as he, (he, or they

shall respectively pay for on account of the several Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Landlord

or Landlords of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Wharfs, Docks, Dock-yards, or

other Yards, Vaults, or other Tenements.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Person or Persons, who

have or hath heen rated and assessed by virtue of this Act, shall quit his, her, or their Dwelling-house,

Warehouse, YVharf, Shop, Vault, Ccdlar, Dock, Dock-yard or other Yard, or Tenement, whereupon

such Rate or A (left me nt has been made, before he, she, or they shall have paid the fame, and shall after-

wards refuse to pay the fame when due, and demanded as aforesaid, by the Person or Persons authorised

ind appointed to colleH and receive the same; that then, and in every such Cafe, it shall and maybe lawful

to and for such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of

them, and every or any of them, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one or more Justices of

the Peace acting in and for the said County or Places (which Warrant the said Justice or Justices is and

are hereby authorised and required to grant) into any Place within their respeHive Jurisdictions, or out of

the Limits thereof, such Warrant being first backed or countersigned by some Magistrate in the County,

City, or Liberty, where the Distress is to be made; to distrain the Goods and Chattels of such Person or

Persons so neglecting or refusing, and the fame to fell, rendering the Overplus (if any such shall be) after

deducting the reasonable Charges and Expences of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner of such Goods and

Chattels demanding the fame.

XLV I. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any

five or more of them, with two or more Justices of the Peace of the County or Place aforesaid, and they

are hereby impowered, upon the Complaints of any Person or Persons subjeH to the Payment of any Rate

or Rates, AlTcflment or Assess'ments, to be made by virtue of this Act, who shall think himself, herself,

or themselves aggrieved thereby, to mitigate, reduce, or Icflen the fame, as they, in their Discretion,

shall think just and reasonable; and also to remit or excuse the Payment thereof by any Person or Persons

hereby made subjeH to the Payment thereof, for or on account of the Poverty or Indigence of such Person

or Persons, or Inability to pay: And the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall appoint

or order the Time and Place of hearing such Complaints; and Notice thereof, left in Writing with, or at

the Place of Abode of, the Person or Persons negleHing or refusing to pay such Rates after Demand made

thereof as aforesaid, shall be sufficient; and such Justices are hereby required to attend, upon Notice to

them thereof given, by order of any three or more of the said Commissioners.

XLV 11. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons paying the Rates and Assess-

ments of this Act laid, within the Streets, Lanes, and Places to be paved as aforesaid, shall be, and they

and every of them is and arc hereby exempted and discharged from all other Charges and Expences of

paving the fame Streets, Lancs, and Places, or any Part or Parts thereof, and also from all Penalties which

may or might be incurred by reason or means of their neglefling to pave the fame respectively; any Law,

Statute, or Usage 10 the contrary notwithstanding.

XLV III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this

Act contained shall be construed, deemed, or taken to impeach, alter, or make void any Agreement made

between Landlord and Tenant, either exprefl'ed or implied, in any Lease now granted, or to be expressed

or implied in any Lease hereafter to be made pursuant to any ContraH or Agreement for a Lease, now

subsisting, touching, or concerning the paving the said Streets, Lanes, and Places to be rated as aforesaid,

or any Part of them, or either of them ; but that every Person or Persons, who, by virtue of any Lease

already granted, or any Lease hereafter to be made pursuant to any Contrail or Agreement for a Lease

now subsisting, is, are, or ought to be obliged or liable to pave and keep in Repair any Part of the said

Streets, Lancs, and Places, or any of them, shall, in lieu thereof, be obliged to pay the Rates hereby

directed to be made and aftcfl'cd, or so much thereof as shall, by the said Commissioners, or any seven or

more of them, be deemed just and reasonable, according to the true Meaning of such Lease, ContraH,

or Agreement, for and during such Time as such Lease, Contrail, or Agreement, shall remain in force,

or ought to have Continuance; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise

notwithstanding.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person who shall be

appointed to the Office or Duty of Collector of the said Rates and Assessments, or any Part thereof, shall

refute or neg’ect to take such Office and Duty upon him, within the Space of fix Days next after such

Rate or Aifillment as aforesaid shall be made, and delivered or tendered to him ; every Person so refusing

or neglecting, and also every Rich Person who shall be negligent in the Performance or Execution of his

Jjufy, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds.

L. Provided nevertheless, That no Person shall be obliged to serve the said Office of Collector oftener

than once in three Years.

LI. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case any Collector of the said Rates or Aflcftments shall

kecom* insolvent, or shall imbezzle or make away with, detain or misapply, any Sum or Sums of Money

so collected by him for the Purposes aforesaid, or shall die poifciTcd of any Sum or Sums of Money by him

Vol. XL CL or

Occupier* quit-

ting without

paying Ka’Ci,

may be folio w-

ed.

Commissionen

with two Juf-

tiict, impowereA

to mitigate 01

remit Kati$c

Person* paying

this Rate, ex-

empted from all

o*her Exptncca

of Paving.

Agreement be-

tween Landlord

and Tenant not

vacated { and

Tenant* paying

the Rate* ro be

alleHed by virtue

of this A&, not

obliged to pave,

See.

Penalty on CM-

ledcn ref Ji ng

to execute the

Office.

None liable to

fctvc abov; once

in three Yeary.

In case of Col-

lectors becoming

inlolven*, the

Mom< s to be

again allcilcd.

^ooooie

