A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgix III. C, 36. 219

as shall have died or removed out of any of the said respective Diflri(ft or Distii&s ; and which several Offi-

cers so appointed are hereby veiled with the fame Powers for putting this Act in Execution, as if they had

been regularly eltcled and reported by the inhabitant in the annual Meetings, in Manner before men-

tioned.

VI. And be it cnailed by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall be capable of ailing Qualification of

as a Commiiin ntr under the Authority of this Act, unless he shall be an aiiual inhabitant within the Comm:»T.on~r».

DifEict for which he is named or tlcikd, or w’ho shall be rated at any less or smaller Sum than seven

Pounds Sterling for his Poiicffion therein ; and if any Person not lo qualified shall presume to act as a Com- Penalty of aflin*

nuliioner, he shall for evuy such Glib nee forfeit five Pounds Sterling to any Person within the DistriiSt who a

shall fuc for the fame, before the Judge Ordinary of the Hounds, whose Judgement shall be final : And in r>,

every l'uch Action so to be brought for the Recovery of such Penalty as aforesaid, the Proof of Qualiiiea- ca’.^n”o iJoiT

non shall lie on the Defendant, and it shall be fufneient, on the Part of the Pursuer or Profccutor, to prove the Dctcn^i.t.

that the Person so piofecuted had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, 'That the Commissionets above named, and those to be from time to Comm,11‘on*r3

time elected in Manner above appointed, shall each Year meet at the said Chapel of Eafey near Edinburgh,

upon the first Ahnday after the Meeting or Sitting of the Court of Session for the Summer Session, and shall iVcommiirxfn-

appoint their Convener to receive the Reports of the Election of the Commissioners for the different ers elected for

ljillricts for the ensuing Year, and give such Orders as may be necessary for carrying into Execution the^;* ending

Business committed to them, under the Authority of this Act, in Manner herein after mentioned ; and all

CJueitions in this or any other General Meeting of the Commissioners shall be determined by the Voices of^~*|

the Majority of the Commissioners then present; and, in case of Equality, by the Convener of the Meet- to be determined

ing, or, in his Absence, by the Voice of the Prefes chosen by such Meeting, who shall, notwithlhinciing by nie major

of such decilive Voice, have a Vote along with the other Commissioners: And also all Quel!ions in the Partot'Com-

Meeting of the Commissioners of the particular Dilhicts shall be determined in the same Manner as above .tphr*'

prescribed with regaid to General Meetings. Convcnc/orPre-

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where the Number of Commissioners present at such if an Equ*.

firli or any other fuliftquent Annual or General Meeting, shall not exceed seven, then the Commissioner lity.

or Commissioners present, or, in case none of the Commissioners shall attend, the Clerk of the faiJ Gene- if a fi.ffu-irnt

ral Meeting shall anjourn the said General Meeting to such Day as shall appear most convenient; ten Days Number of

previous Notice of the Day to which such Adjournment is made, which shall be to the same Place, shall be Gommiiiioneri

given by Advertisement in any of the Edinburgh Newspapers ; and any three of the Commissioners acting not

for the time may call a General Meeting, giving fourteen Days previous Notice thereof by Advertisement attend, those

as aforesaid, and of the Purpose and Bulinels of such Meeting., present, m r :c

Clerk, may appoint another Meeting; Notice to be given.

IX. Provided always. That no Person or Persons shall be obliged to fierve the said Office of Commis- None liable to

f;oner, Treasurer, Collector, or Clerk, oftener than once in three Years; unless it Hull happen that, by fer?e above once

Neglect of seven or ali of the said Difiricts in electing their Commissioners, Treasurers, Collectors, and in lhrcc Vcm*

Clerks, the Commissioners, Treasurers, Collectors, and Clerks then in Office, shall be obliged to continue

in their respective Offices for the then following Year, in Manner above directed.

X And be it further enacted, That all the Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of the said Commissioners, For entering

at their said General Meetings, from time to time, shall be regularly entered in a Book or Hooks to be kept Proceeding of

for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, and shall be signed by the Clerk of the General Meeting for the General Mcu-

time being, and such Entries shall be deemed and taken to be the original Orders and Proceedings of the1,:8S,

laid Commissioners, and such Hook or Hooks shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts and read inE.*.

whatsoever. ' dence.

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners at their said first General ComnnfiFioners

Meeting, and at every other annual General Meeting thereafter, after having finished the Bulinifs by this todivde them-

Act committed to them, shall divide themselves into their several Diflricls, and act for all the other Pur- Jc,vcs lrJ^°tnc,r

poses of this Act within the Diihidt where they respectively reside ; and shall meet at such Time and Place fcvcrai 1 ui

within their respedVive Di It riots as at the General Meeting shall be appointed, or to W'hich they shall from

time to time adjourn themselves.

XII. And be it enacted, 'That all the Acts Orders, and Proceedings of the said Commissioners, in their For entering rhe

icfpcctive separate Dillricis, shall, in like Manner, be regularly entered in a Hook or Looks to be kept Proceedings°f

for that Purpose by the said several Commissioners, and shall be signed by the Clerk of the District for the

time being : And such Entries shall be deemed and taken to be the original Orders and Proceedings. of the r

f- J Commissioner* in their separate Districts, and shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all a"<irejj In Ivi-

Cr>jr'" whatsoever. 11 ntc#

4 XIII And, Or the better enlightening, watching, and clermfing the several Srrcets, Squares Lnrus, Cornmhliorrr:

4 Air ys Court-, Avenues, and PalLges, compriled in this Act;* He it further enabled, 'I hat the Com- appoint P«*r.

n :l;oi;er> <or the several Diltiiils above named, or their Successors, shall meet at the lime ami Place *°'

a,v*-i.ncd -y the General Meeting as aforesaid ; and then, or at any other l ime and Pl.ce, w.thin the u*fc* ^c*

'i ..re ht.mii after mentioned, to which rhey shall adjourn as aforesaid, shall appoint proper 1'Ytfons fir

ho g and cleaning th? Streets in their several Diltndts ; and shall appoint Lamps to be erected, at the

n.'-it comer ient PLcts within their Dilhict, at equal Dilbnces from each other; except where the Situa-

tion oi Closes or Cross Avenues, or the Angles on any Street, shall make it nccefiuiy to affix the Lamps

tpn ire to such Cross Avenues, or upon such Angles.

Xi V. And be it further enacted. That the Lamps so to be erected shall not exceed the Number of sixty Dalanre of

FV.t m Dillance from each other, excepting always the Road leading from Fiijlo Pott by the Lack of the ». m

City Wall to where the North End of Aicoljon s Street joins the City Wall, on the Ealt Side of Lady C4ch othw*

F f 2 A iccfcns

