A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

C. 8. 327

fime is hereby declared to be, repelled; find that from and after the passing of this present Act, the thereof ao J,

said Corporation shall, in lieu of the said Forty Pounds ptr Annum, oi|t of the publick Stock, of

said Corporation, pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds yearly to the said Commissioners. on loc

X. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said former Ad as directs the said Commissioners chu'e* inf«*r-

to appoint and pay, and also to limit and appoint what Wages and Allowances shall be paid to any m r Art

Scavenger or other Officer for the Purpose of sweeping, cleansing, and carrying away the Ashe$Pr6 Wa&cs '

Rubbish, Dust, Dirt, Dung, and Filth; and also so much of the former Ad as directs the Expences

of sweeping and cleansing the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages, to be defrayed out of the Rates made *DC* rPreaicd>

or to be made under the Authority of the said former Ad; and also so much of the said former Ad

as gives Authority to the Commissioners to compound with the Inhabitants, or any of them, for the

sweeping and cleansing, and that gives Power to the said Commissioners to buy or rent Land for de-

pofiting of Soil, A flics. Cinders, and Rubbish, be, and is hereby repealed: And that from and after

the passing of this Act, the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Common Council of the Pid Borough,

or the major Part of them, shall or may appoint a sufficient Number of Scavengers, or other Officers,

for the Purposes afore said, and shall pay a sufficient Salary or Salaries to such Scavengers and other

Officers, and shall defray all Expeaces for cleansing, sweeping, and removing all noisome Matter

within the Streets, Lanes, and Passages of the said Town; and that from and alter such Appointment

by the said Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Common Council, all and every Scavenger and Sca-

vengers, Officer and Officers, aforesaid, already appointed by the Commissioners under the said for-

mer Ad, shall be, and are hereby dismissed; and that all Contracts made by the said Commissioners

with such Scavengers or other Officers shall from thenceforth be null and void,

XL Provided nevertheless, That the said Commissioners shall pay, out of the Rates levied or to be

levied, or out of the monies borrowed or to be borrowed by the Authority of the former or this present Act,

all Monies which shall be then due to such Scavengers or Officers as aforesaid*

XIJ. Provided also, That nothing in this present Act contained shall extend, or be construed to ex- Nothing here;*

tend, to repeal or alter any of the Powers or Authorities by the said former Ad given to the Commissioners ^ power* of"

over such Scavengers or other Officers, or to order and appoint how and in what Manner the Scavengers tjlc former a a.

and other Officers shall respectively ad and execute their several Offices, Places, and Einploy meats; and

it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to dismiss such Scavengers and such other Officers so to be

appointed by virtue of this Act, at their Will and Pleasure, for any Neglect of Duty; in which Cafe, the

said Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Common Council shall, and they are hereby required to appoint

other Scavengers, or other Officers, in the Place and Stead of them so dismissed by the Commissioners;

and that all Scavengers, or other Officers so to be appointed by the said Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen,

and Common Council, shall be subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures in such Cafes, and for such

Offences, as such Scavengers and other Officers are by the said former Ad liable to-

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Mayor, Recorder, Al-£Tay°r an<1

dermen, and Common Council, to compound with the Inhabitants of the said Town by the Year, for co°uu"dcwhhthe

the sweeping and cleansing any of the said Streets, Lanes, or Passages, in such Sort and Manner as the habitant*.

said Commissioners were by the said former Ad impowered to do, though such Composition-money be

not paid in Advance-

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Common Council They arcropro-

fljall, and are hereby required to provide proper and convenient Places for depositing of the Soil, Ashes, pi^s°,^dn!

Cinders, and Rubbish, of the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages; and the said Commissioners, or any fltinK cf

Seven or more of them, shall, and are hereby required, from and after the passing this Act, to order &c.

such Scavengers, or other Officers so to be appointed, to convey such Soil, Afties, Cinders, and Rub-

bifli, as he or they shall collect by virtue of this Act, to such Place or Places within the said Borough as

the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Common Council, shall provide as aforesaid; and the said Soil,

Afties, Cinders, and Rubbish, so deposited, shall from thenceforth be and remain the Property of the

laid Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Common Council.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after such Determination by the said Damage by

Commissioners, as is before mentioned, if the Pavement of any of the said Streets or Places directed to ter P»pe*, how

be repaired by the said former or this present Act, shall be injured or damaged by the breaking or burst- 10 *?"

ing of any Water Pipe or Pipes, the Expence of repairing such Damage shall be reimbursed by the

Owner or Owners of such Pipe or Pipes to the Person or Persons chargeable with such Repair; and as

often as it shall happen that any of the said Pipes shall be injured or damaged in repairing any of the said

Pavements, the Person or Persons chargeable with the said Repairs shall make good all such Damage as

shall have been thereby sustained by the Owner or Owners of such Pipe or Pipes; and in case such

Owner or Owners of such Pipe or Pipes, or the Person or Persons chaigcable with the Repairs of any

of the said Pavements, shall respectively refuse to make such Satisiadion as is hereby required of tlum,

for the Space of Six Days after the fame shall be demanded of them, the fame shall be recovered and le-

%bd in Manner herein after mentioned.

4 XVI. And whereas the Number of Lamps directed by the said former Ad tobccreded within the Commifflonrr* 1

4 said Borough, is inefficient,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or

any Seve n or more of them, as aforesaid, shall have Power to cause to be eroded so many Lamps as to «°rrly

them shall seem proper and convenient; the Property of which Lamps, and of the Lamp Irons and Posts appcir'ccLCtti-

ehcreunto belonging, as well as of those already erected by virtue of the said former Ad, shall be and is er.t.

hereby vested in the said Commissioners, in as full and ample Manner as the Lamps, Lamp Irons,; nd

Pods, arc vested by the said former Ad» and all Ciaufcs in the said former Ad contained reflecting

Lamp,

C.

