y66 C. 3$.

Aiino dedimd tfeitio Georgii III. A.D.

Committee, bat

by Members

possessed of 20

Shares,

No Choice of XVI. ProviJfed always. That if at ariy General Meeting.the Nudibfcr of Ferfsria preterit shall b

t*ian Nine, an<^ the Members present shall hot be pbfiefled of Tkrertty Shares in the ibid Manu-

factory at the least, no Choice of a Governor, Deputy-governor, or Committee, shall be made at

that Time; but in such Cafe there shall be an adjourned Meeting of the said Company, at the fame

Place, within One Month, of which Notice shall be given in the London Gazette, and such other

fcublick Newspapers as shall be then agreed upon, or in such other Manner as at any General

Meeting shall be directed for that Purpose, and so from Time to 'Time as Occasion shall require,

uptjl such Choice shall be made of the Governor, Deputy-gbvernor, and Committee, as ougnt to

have been made at the first Day herein-before appointed, had there been a Fufficient Number of

Votes present, and the Persons lo chosen shall have the fame Power which they would have had,

and continue in such Office until such Trine as they would Jiave done, had they befen chosen on the

Company may

said Day herein: before first appointed.

.XVII. And be it further ena£led, That the said Company of Proprietors,

their Successors and

lye^Uw, may

be altered.

nuke Bjc-laws, Assigns for the Time being, shall have Power and Authority at any General Meeting, to be held a9

aforesaid, in case Nine or more Proprietors are present at such General Metting, possessed of Twenty

Shares at lead, but not otherwise, to make such Rules, Bye-laws, and Conititutions, for the said

Government of the said Company, and for the good and orderly carrying on the Business of the said

Manufacture; and also for the well-governing of the Officers, Servants, Workmen, and others who

shall be employed in afrd about the Business dnd carrying on of the said Manufacture, or any Part

thereof; and to impose arid ihfli£t such reafforiable Fines or Forfeitures upon all Persons offending

against the fame, as to the major Part of such General Meeting-(hall teem meet, not exceeding the

'Sufn of Five Pounds for any One Offence; such Fines and Forfeitures to be levied and recovered by

such Ways and Means as are h^rein-afterfrieritioned.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company

of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, at any General Meeting to be held as aforesaid, hi case

Thirteen or more Proprietors are pr&ent at such General Meeting, possessed of Forty Shares at leafft,

but ndt otherwise, to alter or tepeal any fttifes, Bye-laws, or Coitftfcutrons, made by the faicfOom-

fiany. at kny former Central MeetShg or General Meetings: And all such ‘Rules, Bye-laws, and

Confritutioris, so to be made by the said Chhipany, at any General Mcering or Meetings, betqg

fairly wfote add entered rt\ the Books 6f thefard GothpinyofProprietors, (hill he binding to arid

bbferved by all the Pirties, and shall be sufficient in-kny Cotirt of Law or Equity to justifyrli Persons

who shall ,act under the fame.

Books to be*-. XIX. And be it further fenadled by the Authority afotfefaid. That the Book^and Books in which

«kr the Care of the Accounts relating so the find Uriderifckirtg :shall be flatted and settled, and all Other Matters and

Thfng6 relating thereunto, ;shall be ‘depdflted Under the Care and Custody of such Person or Persons

as the said Company of Proprietors, their Sdccessors and Assigns, shall, from Time to Time, dined and

appoint; and every Proprietor or Proprietors, at'reasonable Times, shall have free Access to such Book

and Books, for his, her, Or their Infoe&ton.

XX. And be it further ehaded, Thbr at every (hch annuhl General Meeting as aforesaid,'the Pro-

prietors shall call for* audit, irid settle iftll Adcoorits of Money which shall hereafter be recerved or

paid in, for, about, or concerriittg^she said MArtufbdory, and shall settle and declare what Dividend

or Dividends Avail be made to the Proprietors thereof: Provided always, That no Dividend shall at

any Time be made amorigft the said Proprietors, out of the Profits arising from the said Mamrfadory,

over dnd above Five Pounds per Centum, upon the Capital Stock actually advanced, during such Tinie

as there shall be due and owing from the said Company any Sum or Sums*of Money borrowed

upon the Credit of their Capital Stock, or upon the Profits and Produce arising from the said

Manufactory.

XXI. And be it farther enfi&ed, That at any such General Meeting as aforesaid, the Proprietors

shall have Power to make such Call or Gails of Money, for the Pirrposes of this Act, as they shall

ing* bmsPgww find Wanting and necessary, not exceeding Ten Pburfds fer Centum on each Share at One Call, under

C*Uiof such Conditions^ Penalties, and Forfeitures as herein-before mentioned, such Notice or Notices of

such Call or Calls having first been duly given as aforesaid; which Money, so called for, shall bepaid

to such Person or Persons, arid in such Manrier; as the said General Meetings shall, from Time to Time

Appoint and dined, for the Use of the said Manufactory.

Ceiirial Meet- XXM.' And be it farther c^niCted, That for all Or any of the Purposes aforesaid, every such General

n*J®*y ^'Meeting shall have Power to adjourn tfhefafefves, from Time to Time* arid from Place to Place, a3

jour . foall t^oug|lt convenient, and be agreed upon by the Majority of Votes then present: And in case

there shall not be a fuflteient Nurfitterof Persons- present to form ftiCh General Meeting before Two

of the Cfockin the Afterrtoon^ orfthe 'Day on which *ft»ch General Meeting'shall have been called,

thervany One of the said Proprietors present^ or their Clerk for the Time being, shall adjourn the

Taid Meeting to the same Day Fort high t, and shall give Notice of fafch Adjournment in Manner be-

fore mentioned. 1

Owners of XXIII. And be it further ena<ftdd. That if‘imy Oirnerior Owners of ariy Share or Shares in the

Sh* tt dyi^gbe- said Mmufa&ory shall die before fuctrCalF or Calls shall be made ' for the full Sum to boadvanced on

e»cb Share, which he, she, or they, shall have been possessed of, or intitled unto, without having

Sum! to be ad- ma<k Provision by Will, or otherwifiv how such Share or Shares shall be disposed of, and the Money

▼aneed Oil each ~ , paid

such Persons as

the Company

*1 appoint.

Proprietors at

General Meet-

ings may settle

Accounts.

Proprietors t£

General Meet*

