The TITLES of

end widening certain IVays and Passages within the Town

of Birmingham ; and for clearfing and lighting the Streets,

LaneSy Il ays, and Pay]ages there and for removing and

preventing Auifances and Objlrurtions therein; and for

widening certain other Streets and Places; for establish-

ing a Nightly Watch; and for regulating Carts and

Carmen employed in the said Town.

37* An Act for making and extending the Navigation of

the River Burry ( commonly called the North River)y by

and from Cold fall to Ayljham Bridge, in the County of

Norfolk.

3$. An Act to incorporate certain Persons therein named,

and their SuccclVors, with proper Powers for the Pur-

pose of establishing One or more Calais ManuLftories

within the Kingdom of Great Britain ; and for the more^

effectually supporting and conducing the fame upon^

an improved Plan* in a peculiar Manner, calculated

for the catting of large Plate Glass.

39. An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands

and Low Grounds, called King's Delph and Eight RoodSy

and also other Fen Lands and Low Grounds in a cer-

tain Place called Farcett Feny adjoining thereto, lying

near to the Hamlet and Village of Farcett and Stand-

grzundy in the County of Huntingdon.

40. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an

Act, made in the Twenty*seventh Year of the Reign

of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

An A*:l for (if barging the Corporation of the Governor,

Bailifsy and Commonalty y of the Company of Conservators

of the Great Level of the Fensy commonly called Bedford

Level, fresh a Debt due to the Duke of Bedford and Earl

of Lincoln ; and f 1 enalling the Propi ietors of Lands in

the North Leiuf Fait of the said Great Level, to raise

Money to discharge the Proportion of the said \orth Level

in the Debts of the fai l Corporation; and for afeert lining

and appropriating the Taxes to be ini i on the said A orth

Lrvel; and for the n re ejeduul draining and pi eferving the

fetid North Lively and divers Lands adjoining tbit itOy in the

vAlan or of Crowland ; so far as the fame relates to the feve-

13I Ken Lands lying in the Second Diiliift in the said

Act Jdci ibc d.

41. An Act for enabling James C?x% Jeweller, to dispofc

of his Mufjt-um commonly called Cox's Afnft'umy by

Wav of Chance, in such Manner as may be mod for

the Benefit of himself and his Creditors.

42. An /.ft for amending, lighting, and watching, the

Highways, or Roads within the Town, Village, or

Chaptlry, of Piter/kamy in the County of Surrey.

41, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation

of Com.

44.. An Act to allow a Drawback of the Duties of

Customs on the Exportation of Tea to any of His

JVl jjelryC Colonies or Plantations in America ; to in-

crease the Dcpolit on Bohi a 'Tea to be sold at the India

Company's S.ues ; and to impower the Commissioners of

the T/cafury to grant Licences to the Fiji India Com-

pany Jo export T ea Duty free.

45. An Act for draining and preferring certain Fen

Rands and Low Grounds, lying in the South Level,

part of the Great Level of the rens, commonly called

Jlea'hrd Levely between certain old Rivers or Drains,

i4ilfcd Stoke River and Brand'n River, and a certain

Revel or Difbift called Felt well A no DljlrCl^ and the

Hard Lands of Woodbaii in He!gay y and IIeigay% in the

Counties of Norfolk and S a folk.

46. An Act for the more effectual draining and preserv-

ing certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Parish

of Ytixhyj in the County of Huntingdon.

the STATUTES.

47. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Sachvilie

Earl of Thanet to make a navigable Cut or Canal from

a Place called The Springy lying near Skipton Cafley in

the County of York, tojoin to and communicate with

the navigable Canal from Leeds to Livnpcolcy in aClofe

called Hcbble End Cl fey in the Township of Skiptcny in

the said County of York.

48. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual

Two Acts, made. One in the Eighth and the other in

the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for

regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and for

paving, repairing, cleaning, and lighting, the Parish

of Saint Alary U Boney in the County of Middlfcxy and

for other Purposes, in the said Acts mentioned.

49. An Act for more effectually executing an Act, parted

} in the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Se-

cond, for draining and preserving the Lands in the

North Lcvcly Part of Bedford Ltvely so far as relates to

the Fourth District of the said North Lrvel.

50. An Act for better regulating the Poor, and repairing

the Highways, within the Town and County of the

Town of Southampton.

51. An Act to dikrourage the Practice of commencing

frivolous and vexatious Suits in His Majesty's Courts at

JVc/lrninJh'Vy in causes of Action arising within the

Dominion of JVales\ and for further regulating the

Proceedings in the Courts of Great Sertdons in Wales.

52. An Act for appointing Wardens and Afl'ay-masters

for affaving Wrought Plate in the Towns of Sheffield

and Birmingham.

53. An Act to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of

Saint Alatthnv Bethnal Greeny in the County of Aliddle-

fexy to pay debts already contracted in finishing and

furnishing their Workhouse, and on account of the

Poor of the said Parish ; and for their further Relief.

54. An Act for the more effectual Preservation of the

Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and

for repealing and amending several of the Laws now in

being relative thereto.

55. An Act to explain and amend the several Laws now

in being, so far as the fame relate to the Preservation of

the Moor or Hill Game.

56. An Act for the more effectually restraining the retail-

ing of diHilled Spirituous Liquors ; and for preventing

the forging or counterfeiting any Stamp or Seal used

for marking Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, to be

printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain.

57. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the

Fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Art

to prevent Paper Bills of Credit hereafter to be if ued in any

of His Ala] efly's Colonies or Plantations in America from

being declar ed to be a legal 7 ender in Payments of Money,

and to prevent the legal ! ender of fuel) Bills as are now Jub-

filing from being prolonged beyond the Periods limited for

calling in and /inking the fame.

5S. An Act for providing Clergymen to officiate in Gaols

within that Part of Great Britain called England.

59. An Act for repealing so much of an Act of the

Thirty-full Year of His late Maji-fly, as inflicts capi-

tal Punishment for Frauds and Abuses in the marking

or (lamping of Gold or Silver Plate ; and for inflict-

ing another Punish.nent for the said Offence.

60. An Act for draining and preserving certain Lands

and Grounds in the Parishes of Tid Saint Giles and

Newt on y in the file of Ely, in the County of Cam-

bridge ; and in Tid Saint Alary's, in the County of

Linuln.

61. An

