A.i). 1773. AiidO decimo tertio Georgii III.

C. 30. 697

mit the Offender or Offender* to the common Gaol of the said Borough, there to remain without

Bail or Mainprize until he shall give and make a tiue and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid,

or until he shall have compounded for the fame with the said Commissioners, or any Seven qr more

of them, (whereof the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor for the Time being shall be O.nej, and shall

have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint ; which Composition the said

Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor for the

Time being shall be One^, are hereby impowered to make ; and until he shall have*delivered up such

Books, Papers, and Writings, as aforesaid, or given SatDfadion in respect thereof to the said Com-

missioners, or any Seven or mpre of them, (whereof the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor for the Time

beine shall be One).

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Com- Commissioner*

missioner appointed by or to be elected in pursuance of this Act shall at any Time accept of any acting in Of-

Office of Profit under this Act, such Commissioner, if a Member of the said Corporation, shall not, ^e°rft^s0^

during his Continuance in such Office, ad as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, and such ift Member of

Commissioner, if not a Member of the said Corporation, shall cease to be a Commissioner, and another the Corporation,

Person shall be elected a Commissioner in his Place, as herein before directed. not to aa while

he holds it.

XXIX. And, to the Intent the said Tonnage or Duties may be truly answered and paid, be it fur- In case a Ship

ther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Ship or Velle! shall depart out of the said J2^or^befofe

troller, Receiver of Entries* or. their Deputies, shall not, after such Notice, take or receive any Ent/y c?rl not

or Cocquet, or Discharge or Clearance, or take any Report outwards for such Ship or Vefiel *ive AClear-

or Foreign, liable or subject to the Payment of the said Tonnage or Duties,until double }he Tonnage pr*ncc*

Duties (o left unpaid shall be paid to the Collector of the said Tonnage or Duties.

XXX* Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend,* or be construed to JJ?

extend, to charge any of the Ships or Vessels of War belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors,.^sc yc{^"

or any Vefiel or Wherry, employed in the Service of His Majesty’s Revenue, with any oF the Duties exempted from

hereby granted. Duties.

XXXI. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, T|iat the {aid Harbour The Harbour

Moorings shall, from Time to Time, be maintained and kept in good and sufficient Repair, so as the Moorinj* to be

Shipping and Trade of the said Borough and Port may be effectually benefited thereby, according toin

the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Application of

Cqmmissioners, or any Seven or more of them, (whereof the said .Mayor or Deputy Mayor for the ch« *r,’“

Time being shall be One), out of the said Tonnage and Duties granted by this Act, or out of the

Monies to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, to pay all just and reasonuble Sums of Money and

Charges that shall or may be expended and accrue in obtaining this Act, and in buying and laying

down, maintaining, and repairing the said .Harbour Moorings, together with, all Salaries and ptber

Charges which shall be proper and necessary for the several Purposes directed by this Act.

XXXII. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed toFor6vjng0f

extend, to invalidate, alter, lessen, take away, in peach, or defeat any of the Rights, Grant* Liber- the Corporation

ties, Powers, Franchises, Privileges, Dues, Payments, and Revenues heretofore granted, or which by Rights,

any Charter, ancient Usage. Prescription, or Custom, have, from Time to Time, been had en-

joyed, received, taken, and uted by the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough (save and except as

to such Powers and Authorities as were heretofore veiled in the said Mayor and Burgesses, which

have been found to be inefficient and ineffectual to regulate and govern the said^Pilots and Bridge-

men), nor to affect any landed Property adjoining to the said Harbour, but that the fame shall stand*

remain, and be in their full Force and Effect, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made

any Thing in this Act contained to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXIlDAndbe it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress shall be Distrcfc nor m be-

made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not Uftlaw‘

deemed unlawful, or the Party or Parties making the same deemed a Trespafier or Trefoafiers on ac- Form - W*C

count of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, or Warrant of Distress, or other

Proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespafier or Tief- ”or ^ ^arfy

paflers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties TrefoTfllr lb

distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Sa-jn;lJ04‘

tisfadion for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe : Provided that no Plaintiff* or Plaintiff’s

shall recover in any Action or Actions for such Irregularity, if fufiieient Tender of Amends shall

have been made to him, her, or them, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such

Action brought.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit shall be Limitation of.

commenced against any Person or Persons (or any Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act, Acton*.

until Twenty Days Notice shall be thereof given to the Pexfou or Persons against whom the fame is

to be brought ; and every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next

after the Cause of Action shall anse,. and shall be laid and brought in the County of Norfolk, and not

elsewhere ; and the Dt-fendant or Defendants in fuefi Action or Suit (li.ill and may plead the General

Issue, and give this Act, and the Speci4 Matter, in Evidence, at any Tiial to be had thereupon, General Iilo*.

and

