A.D. 1772

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

C. 38. 493

In what DistriS he has the Care of such Company or Companies Pipes; and in like Manner the Sur-

veyor or Surveyors to such Commissioners for the Time being, shall, within the respective Times

afore said, give Notice to the respective Paviors and Turncocks of the said several Water Companies, of

his or their own Place or Place# of Abode; and also to the Surveyor or Surveyors to Commissioners of

Sewers, of the Names and Places of Abode of such Contrailor or Contractor, and of the Pavior or

Paviors employed by such Commissioners; and every Person or Persons neglecting or rcfufine to give

such Notice as aforesaid, within the Times before xefpeciively specified, shall, for every such Offence,

forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings.

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Comr* iilioner?. Crmrrimoners

from Time to Time, to direct the Grates already or hereafter to be placed over any Sewers, to be rc i»e ”

moved and placed in such Manner, and at such Place and Places, as they fh^ll think mo(t proper, 10 a: be

the fame be not detrimental or prejudical to the publick Sewers, and b., from Time to Tn c, done at

the Expence of the said CommilPoners, and paid for out of the Money arising by virtue cf this Act,

for the Purposes of Paving; any Law, Ufagt?, or Custom to the Contrary notwitidtandinj. Comir Wiener*

LIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as there shall be Occasion to make new o; m<l) erei> addj.

additional Grates over any Sewer or Sewers within the said Diltri^t, or to r pair, alur, clcanic, 01 t»,nai Graces,

amend, any of the said Sewers, or the Grates over the fame, the Clerk for the Time being of the Com-

missioners of the said hewers fh.dl, at the Rcqucfl in Wri ing of the Surveyor of the said Commissioners

of Pavement, or other Person or Persons authorised by them for that Purpose, forthwith fjmmuis the

said Commissioners of Sewcts to meet, i;i order to take the Premiles under Coi fidcrati n, which they

are hereby authoriLd and required to do at such Meeting, and also at the fame Met ting, or any adjoi rned

or other Meeting, to exercise the fevera! Powers and Authorities with which they are in vetted, in order

that the said several Works may be speedily and arirdtually done, completed and hni!hed.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, a Rate or AlTefiment R«te for

shall, for the Purposes of cleansing, lighting, and watching, the federal Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, *8* lighting,

Courts, Yards, Alleys, Patinges, and Places, within the said Paiiih of Christ Churchy be made, laid, wau®‘0fc

and alleged, by the Commissioners for putting this in Execution, or any Seven or more of them,

Once in every Year, or r f iener if they shall judge it needful, upon the Parish Church and Church Yard,

and all Chapels, French Churches and Chapels, Meeting-houses, Schools, and Markets, and upon all and

every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, use, occupy, pofl'efs, or enjoy any Landy

Ground, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or

Hereditament, within the said Parish, in such competent Sum and Sums of Money, as the said Com-

missioners, or any Seven or more of them, (h ill order and direct, io as such Rate or Rates, Afletfmcfttor

Assessments, do not exceed in the Whole the Sum of One Shilling at.d Four-pence in the Pound in any not to exceed 1

One Year, according to the yearly Rent or yearly Value of such Lands, Grounds, Houses, Shops Ware- 4d*iflthe Pound,

houses, Coach-houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments reflectively.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the said First Rate or Assessment shall commenc e from the Commencement

said Second IVcdneJday after the passing of this Act, anJ every future Rate or Ailellment shall commence Rate*,

from the Time that the last preceding Rate or Allelin vnt ended, and not otherwise; and the Monies

therein and thereby charged and act'eiied, shall be payable and recoverable Quarterly, in Manner heiein-

after directed.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as the said Commissioners shall direct any Rate* for paving

of the said Streets, Row*', or Lanes, herein-before mentioned and authorised to be paved, or any Par; «nd removing

or Parts thereof respectively, or any of the Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, opening into

or communicating with the fan e, te be new p.ved, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or water,nS*

any Seven or more of them, as soon as conveniently m.»y be, and so in like Manner yeaily, or oftener,

if Occasion shall require, to make, lay, and afltfs, upon all and every Person and Persons w.10 do or (half

Mihabit, hold, use, occupy, poliels, or enjoy, any Land, Ground, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-

house, Sta le. Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, within fuen Street, Row, Lane,

Court, Yard, Alley, Passage, or Place reflectively, as tar as luen new Pavement shall extend, a further "°?toe3Cf*ed rt*

Sum not exceeding in the Whole One Shilling and Nine-pence in the Pound, in any One Year of the lwjth btft

early Rent or yearly Value <;f inch Lands, Grounds, Homes, Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, Sea- payment,

les. Cellars, Vaults, Building', T enements, or Hereditaments, respectively. the greater Part or Parts

of which Pavement shall be made of Stones of a flat Surface; but

or Afkflir.ents, as the lame shall, from Time to Time be afcei

I

>ut riot exceeding One Half o! such Rates 1 * 3d«

itained and limited, within Inch Courts,

Yards, Alleys, Pafl ges, or Places, as a*e not Thoroughfares for Wheel Carriages; and not exceeding

One Shilling and T hue-pence in the Pound in such Siietts, Rows, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Pal-

sages, or Places, the greater Part or Part' of which new Paving shall be made in the Footways with flat

Stones, and in the Carriage-ways with Pebbles, or with old Stones taken from that or any other of the

said Streets, Rows, Lancs, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Padages, or Places; but not exc ceding One Half of

such Rates or Assessments, tr.e fame shall, from Time to l ime, be afee taineJ and limited, within any

such Courts, Yards, Alices, Paiiages, or Places, as aie not 1 horoughlares for Wheel Carriages, anJ

paved as is last-mentioned.

4 LVII. And wncrcreas several Houses, Warehouses, or other Buildings in the said Sticets, Rows, h -trecti to

4 Lancs, Alleys, Yards, or other Places, are paitly situate win,in the lame, and pairly in or are adjoin- raled

4 ing to or abutting upon other Streets, Lancs, Ways or Pailages, which arc not within or Part of tile Thuds,

4 aforesaid Streets, Rows, Lancs, Alleys, Yards, or Places, the Occupiers of such Houses, Warc-

4 houses, or other Buildings, by Carriages having Accels to their Prennlcs, will gicatly wear the Pave-

4 meats intended to be paved by virtue of this Act, by such Carriages coming to and going fiom their

4 bui

Jlouf s adjoining

