The TITLES of

Cl. An Act to regulate the making, keeping, and Carriage

of Gunpowder, within Great Britain ; and to repeal the

Laws heretofore made for any of those Purposes.

62. An Act to enable the Lord Bishop of Durham, and his

Successors, to raise a competent Sum of Money, to be

applied for the repairing, improving, or rebuilding,

such Part of Tyne Bridge as belongs to the See of

Durham.

63. An Act for redeeming One Million five hundred thou-

sand Pounds of the Capital Stocks of Three Pounds per

Centum Annuities, in the Manner, and on the Terms

therein mentioned ; and for establishing a Lottery.

64. Aj> Act for building Two new Chapels, and provi-

ding Burial Places thereto, within the Town of Bir-

mingham, in the County of Warwick.

63. An Act to extinguish the Right of Common upon an

Acre of Ground called IVlnte Lyony or Hangman's Acre

in Saint George's Fields, in the County of Surrey.

66. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small

Debts within the Borough and Foreign of Kidderminster,

in the Parish of Kidder mi njlcry in the County of IVor-

cester.

6j. An Act for Incorporating the Members of a Society,

commonly called The Marine Society, and their Succef-

fors, to be elected as therein is mentioned, and for the

better impowering and enabling them to carry on their

charitable and ultful Designs.

68. An Act for the be tter Relief and Employment of the

Poor within that Part of the Pai i(h of Saint Sepulchre,

v. hich is in the County of Micdlejix ; an j for paving,

cleansing, lighting,watching, and regulating the Squares,

Streets, Lancs, Alleys, Courts, T ards, and open Pal-

sages and Places, within the same ; and for removing

Annoyances therefrom ; and for making the Commu

nication between Charter-house Square and Sail.: John

Street, through Chart er-h uje Lane, more convenient.

69. An Act for Paving, Lighting,Cleansing Watering,

and Watching the Streets and other publickrlaccs within

such P.irt of 1 he Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County

of Middlejex, as lies on the Weft Side o{Tottenham-

cjurt Road ; and for preventing Nuisances and Obiiruc-

tions therein ; and for obliging the Trufhes for the

Care of the said Road to pave, repair, and cleanse such

Part of the said Road as is therein described.

70. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum ol

Money out of the Sinking Fund ; and for applying cer-

tain Monies theiein mentioned, for the Service of the

Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two;

and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in

this Section of Parliament ; and for making forth Du

plicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certifi

cates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Order

loft, burnt, or destroyed.

71. An Act for the repealing several Laws therein men-

tioned against Badgers, Ingrol/ers, Foiftallers, and Re-

grators, and for indemnifying Persons against Profecu-

tions for OlTcnces committed against the said Acts.

72. An Act for rendering the Payment of the Creditors of

insolvent Debtors more equal and expeditious,-and for

regulating the Diligence of the Law by Arrestment anc

Pointing, and for extending the Privilege of Bills u

Promissory Notes, and for limiting Actions upon Bills

and Promissory Notes, in that Part of Great Britain

called Scotland.

73. An Act for the better Regulation of Buildings anc

Party Walls within the Citi-s 01 London and Westmin-

fer, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Parishes.

Freunfts, and Puces within the Weekly Bills of Mor-

the STATUTES.

tality, the Parishes of Saint Mary-le-bone and Padding-

ton, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the

County of ALiddlesex ; and for the better preventing of

Mischiefs by Fire within the said Cities, Liberties, ra-

rifhes, Precincts, and Places ; and for amending and

reducing the Laws relating thereto into One Act ; and

for other Purposes.

PUBLICK ACTS continued in Volume II.

intituled, ROAD ACTS.

74- AN Act to continue and enlarge the Term and

il Powers of an Act,‘made in the Twenty-sixth

Year of King George the Second, for repairing and

widening the Roads lending ficm Lclcc?nb Corner in the

Parish of Witerfloiu to Harnham Bridge in the County of

Wilts \ and from the Weft Corner of Saint Ann's Street

in the City of New Sarum, to the Parishes oi Land ford

and Brook, and fiom thence to Ealing; and from Land-

ford aforesaid, through Ower and Tefwood, to Ealing

aforesaid, in the County of Southampton ; and for repair-

ing and widening the Road from the Rumsey and Ring-

wood Turnpike Road, near to the House or Francis Fry,

to Lindhurst; and from a Place called Hamjton Ford, to

Lamb's Corner, in the said County of Southampton \ and

fur repairing the Footways within the said City.

75. An Act for making a Navigable Cut or Canal ftotn

the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of Chef-

ter, to or near Middlewich and Nantwieh, in the County

of Chester.

76. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an

Act for Repairing and Widening the Road from the

City of Norwich to Scole B) idge, in the County of Nor-

folk.

77. An Act to amend an Act of the Sixth Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty, 44 for Repairing and

Widening the Stone Bridge, in the Town of Shrewf-

44 bury f' and for appropiiating Part of the Tolls col-

lected upon certain Roads leading to the said Bridge to-

wards finishing the fame; and for granting additional

Term to the several Acts for Repairing the said Roads.

78. An Act for Repairing and Widening several Roads-

from Aldennafon, in the County, of Berks, to Bafng-

foke9 and ftom Aldermefon aforesaid to the Turnpike

Road from Baftngjloke to Andover, at or near Worting%

and to the Turnpike Road leading to Winchester at Pop-

ham Lane, in the County of Southampton.

79. An Act for the more effectur.l Addling and Collecting

of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor in the Parish of

Saint Botolph, BishopfgatCy in the Liberties of the City of

London.

So. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and

enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the T enth

Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widen-

ing the Roads from the Borough of Bury Saint Edmondf

to the Town of Newmarket* in the Counties of Suffolk

and Cambridge ; and from the South End of the perry

Street, in Brandon, to Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said

County of Suffolk.

81. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in

the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His late

Majesty King George the Second, for Improving

the Navigation of the River Lcyne, otherwise called

Luney at.U for building a Quay or Wharf near the

z T own

