A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 4.

Constable, or other lawful Officer of the Peace) to enter into all and every Storehouse, Warehouse,

Granary, or other Place or Places where^he or they shall suspect that any Wheat oV Wheat-flour; ex-

ceeding the Quantity of Five Quarter*, or iny Grain or other Material mixed a*ith Wheat or with

Wheat-flour in any Quantity, shall be laid or kept, belonging to any such Distiller or Maker of Low

Wines or Spirits, and to seize, *take, and carry away, all such Wheat and Wheat-flour over and above

the said Quantity of Five Quarters, and all such Grain, or other Material mixed with Wheat, or with

Wheat-flour, as he or they shall so find, together with all the Sacks, Bags, or other Things, wherein

the feme shall respectively be contained; and such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, or the

Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession such Wheat or Wheat-flour, exceeding the said

Quantity of Five Quarters, belonging to such DifliHer, shall be found, shall, for every such Offence

respectivtly, forfeit and pay the said Penalty of Five Pound’s for every Quarter exceeding the said Quan-

tity-of Five Quarters ; and such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines, or spirits, of the'Person or Persons

kl whose'CdRody or Possession such Grain or other Material mixed:with Wheat, or with. Wheat-flour*

belonging to such Distiller shall be found, shall, for every such Offence respectfvely* forfeit and lose thd

Sum of Fifty Pounds ; and the said Officer or Officers, and other Person or Persons, is and are hereby

rmpowered, by such Warrant, together with such other Person or Persons as he or they shall take to

his or theitr Assistance, to enter such Srorehouses, Warehouses* G-ran^ries* arid other Pjape er Placet

^nd break open the Doors thereof, in case they he not opened on Demand. > , ,

XXIIL And be-it further enafied by the Authority aforesaid, yhat ^ill Penalties and Forfeitures by

this A& iftpofcdE, and for the Recovery and Application whereof/no other ’Provffion^is herein-before

*iade, shall be feed for, and recovered by Action of Debt* Bill* Plaint, or III format ioiv in any of His

Majesty’s Courts of Record in Westminster, or in the Court of pxcheauer in Scotland.

XXIV. And that the respeflive Courts before whom the fame shall be recovered may and are hereby

authorised, (if they shall think fit) to mitigate all or any of the pecuniary Penalties-herein-before in-

flicted to any Sum not less than One F'ourth Part of the Sum herein respectively. mentioned ; and that

One Moiety of all such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be to the Use of His Majesty,

His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moipty to him-or them who shall fee for the fame, or give In-

formation of, or discover the Offence.

XXV. Provided always, That all Suits, Prosecutions, or Informations, for Offences- committed

against this Act, shall be commenced and made within the Space of Six Kalendar Months after the Fad

is committed, and not otherwise ; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary, notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit Hull be

commenced against any Pci fen or Persons, for iany Thing done in purfeance of this Act, such Action

or Suit shall he commenced within the Space of Four Kalendar Months next after the Offence shall

be committed : And if such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted in that Part of

Great Britain called England^ the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead

the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to

be had thereupon ; and that the fame was done in purfeance, and by the Authority, of this Act : And

if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the

Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have ap-

peared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defen-

dant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for t.he fame, as any

Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cafes,.by Law : And if such Action or Suit be com-

menced or prosecuted in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Court Defore whom such Action

or Suit shall be brought shall allow the Defender to plead this Act on his Defence ; and if the

Pursuer shall not insist on his Action, or if Judgment shall be given against such Purfoer, the Defendant

shall and may recover the fell and real Expences he may have befcn put to by any such Action or

Suit.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue until

the First Day of 'January, One thousand {even hundred and seventy-four.

XXVIII. Provided pevcrtheless^That the said Continuation may be abridged or shortened, and this

Ad, or any Part thereof, may be altered and varied by. any other Act or Acts to-be made uvtfrts present

Session of Parliament.

659

and to seize and

carry away all

the Wheat and

Wheat-floor, "

above five Quar-

ter!, and the

Sacks, &c. and

forfeit 5 1. for

every Quzrter,

over the said

Quantity.

Piflillers who

have Grain or'

other Material

mixed with

Wheat, dec.shall

forfeit 50 I.

Officers tefufed

Admittance to

Storehouses, frc.

may break open

the Doors.

How and where

Penalties may be

recovered.

Courts may mi*

tigate the HenaL

tioe, if they fee

Cause, to One.

Fourth of the

Sum mentioned.

Limitation of

Adioni.

Persons, again ft"'

whom Actions

shall be com-

menced, may

plead the Gene*

ral I Hue

Defendant may

recover Treblo«

CoAs,

Defendant in

Scotland may

plead this Alt,

and if Judgment*

be given against

the Pursuer, h«

may recover hi*

Expences, See.

This Alt to con-

tinue till Jan. i*

*774*

Proviso*

CAP. IV.

An Act to continue for a further Time, an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present

Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act of to continue and amend an , made in the Fifth-

Year of the Reign of His present Mafejlyr. int, An Act for Importation of Salted

Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland\for a limited Time, and for allowing the

Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in;

America, for a limited Time.

*■ 1T7 H ER EA S an Act was made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reirr, (in'ifulediPreamble.

*■ VV An Act for Importation if Salted Bef Porkr Baum, and 1 reland, a .ed : 5 ,T<i

*• And wherea&an Act was made in the Eighth Year of His.present Majesty's Reign, to continu and Aa »• G*°-1U-

‘ amend.

