A.D. 1773.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

C. 3. 657

XI. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prohibit the Committee of Merchant* tr*-

Merchants trading to Africa from exporting, during the Continuance of this Act, any Quantity of dm6toAfric*

Wheat-flour, not exceeding Two Hundred Quarters, or any Quantity of Bread or Biscuit, not exceed-

ing Fifteen Tons in the whole of such Bread or Biscuit, or of such Bread and Biscuit together, to the wLat-flou^

Brit if}) Forts, Castles, and Factories in Africa, for the Support of the Persons residing there, foas the no: etching

like Security be given for th^ exporting thereof, as is herein required to be given by persons carrying 200 Quarters,

the said Commodities to the British Colonies in America. notJxceedr

J ing 15 Tons of

Bread and Biscuit, to the British Forts there, under the like Security as for the Colonies in America.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Customs for Commissionera

the Time being shall, and they are hereby required to give a full and true Account, in Writing, to both of the Ctr'.m*

Houses of Parliament, at the Beginning of the next Session thereof, ofalLCorn, Grain, Pcafe, Beans, ^uano'Par-

Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, that shall, before that Time, be exported to any 1^°™,3° the*

Place whatsoever, by virtue or in purfuarvee of any of the Liberties or Powers hereby given or granted Beginning of

for that Purpose, n«t Session, of

all Corn, Grain, Ac. exported to any Place, by virtue of t he Liberties of this Act,

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Certificates of the 1 inding and wheniheCer-

discharging of the said Commodities to be exported, other than Coastwise, (hah be returned within the tifiotet ofJand-

respective Times following ; (that is to say) Where the Bonds are taken in respect of any of the said »*ig a*»a dIf-

Commodities, to be exported from Great Britain, or Ireland, to any of the said Colonies or Plantations

in America, within Eighteen Kalendar Months after the Date of such Bonds ; and where to Gibraltcr or ^oditics ftTll

Minorca, within Twelve Kalendar Months after the Date of such Bonds; and where to the islands of be returned.

Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Many within Six Kalendar Months after the Date of such Bonds ; and

where from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, within Six Kalendar Months af-

ter the Date of such Bonds respectively.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Corn, Grain, Pease, ®ounty

Beans, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Starch, which shall be exported by virtue of this Act,

shall be intitled to any of the Bounties or Drawbacks which are allowed and made payable on the Ex- Virtue Qf this

portation of such Commodities, or any of them. Aa.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prohibit to prohibit

the Exportation of Rice out of this Kingdom. the Exporutioa

4 XVI. And whereas it is expedient that the Extraction of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, or Afte'Th- paf-

* Wheat-flour, should be prohibited for a further Time ;* be it therefore further enacted by the Authority £ng hereof, no

aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Low Wines or Spirits whatsoever shall beLowW.neior

made, extracted, or distilled, within this Kingdom, from any Wheat or Wheat-flour; and if any Spirit* fall be*

Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall make, ™de from

extract, or distil, or cause or procure to be made, extracted, or distilled, any Low Wines or Spirits from whMt-floor or

any Wheat or Wheat-flour, or from any Grain or other Material mixed with Wheat, or with Wheat- *0y M-terial

flour, or shall use or mix, or cause or procure to be used or mixed, any Wheat or Wheat-flour, or any mixed with

Grain or other Material mixed with Wheat, or with Wheat-flour, in any Worts or Wash, in order for Wheat,*

the making, extracting, or diddling Low Wines or Spirits, or shall put or lay, or cause or procure ta

be put or laid in any Tun, Wafhbatch, Calk, Copper, Still, or other Vessel or Utensil, any Wheat

or Wheat-flour, or any Grain or other Material mixed with Wheat, or with Wheat-flour, for the Pur-

pose of preparing any Worts or Walh, or for making, extracting, or distilling Low Wines or Spirits,

whether such Tun, Walhbatch, Calk, Copper, Still, or other Vessel or Utcnftl, hath or hath not

been duly entered at the Excise Office; that then, and in each and every of the said Cafes, such Distil- son to the

ler or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, or other Person or Persons acting contrary to the Directions of Contrary, he

this Act, or the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession any such Tun, Wafhbatch, Calk, ftaii forfeit andr

Copper, Still, or other Vessel or Utensil, which shall be made use of contrary to the Intention of this f»y »°oJ. and.

Act, shall be found, shall respectively, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Two Hun-

dred Pounds ; and all such Wheat or Wheat-flour, and such Worts and Wafl>, Low Wines and Spirits, fcited/ r

and all such Grain, or other Material with Wheat or with Wheat-flour, or the Value thereof, shall be

also forfeited.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Wheat or Wheat-flour, or Wheat or

Grain, or other Material mixed with Wheat or with Wheat-flour, shall be found in any Workhouse, Wheat-flour,

Stillhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse, or any other Place wherein Low Wines or Spirits, or Worts, or

Walh, IV all be made, extracted, distilled,or prepared, or where any Low Wines or Spirits, or Worts, or whkh Low

Wash, shall have been made, extracted, distilled, or prepared, since the First Day of October, One wines mail b;

thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, all such Wheat and Wheat-flour, and all such Grain or other made,&c. finer

Material mixed with Wheat or with Wheat-flour, shall be forfeited; and the Person or Persons in oa*

whose Possession such Workhouse, Stillhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse, or Place, shall be, shall, for fha'V^!

every Offence respectively, also forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds. *e.ipyi«*"iK»r

Stillhoulfe, Sec.

XVIIL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any

Person or Persons, who shall be authorised for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Excise for the ^jnb,a^e°*

l ime being, or any Two or more of them, wkhin the Limits of the Chief Otfice of Excise in London* Ooram flioner*

or by One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace in any other Part of Great Britain* at any Time or or jufcce* of

z Times* *

