A.D.

1773

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

C. 63. 823

the said Court for such Crime, Offence, or MifJemearour, upon Motion to be rmJe in the ftid

Court, to award such Writ or Writs of Mradamust as aforesaid, requiring the Governor-general,

and Council of the said Uuited Company’s Settlement at Fjrt JFt Hi am aforesaid, who are hereby re-

fp?ftively authorised and required accordingly to air-mble themselves in a reasonable Time, and to

cause all such Proceedings to be had and made as are herein-before respectively direffed and pre-

scribed concerning the Examination of Witnesses; and such Examination, so taken, shall be returned

and proceeded upon in the same Manner, in all Rcfpcfts, as if the several Directions herein-before

prescribed and enacted in that Behalf were again repeated.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes of Proceedings in

Parliament, touching any Offences against this Act, or any other Offences committed in India, it mail HouseVcem*

and may be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor, or Speaker of the House of Lords, an] also for the mon*,may issue

Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time b ung, in like Manner, to Issue his or their War- Warrant*for the

ra n or Warrants to the Governor-general and Council of the said United Company’s Presidency of Examination of

Fort IViiliam, and to the Chief Justice and Judges of the said Supreme Court of Judicature, or the

iudgt»s of the Mayor’s Court at Madraj;, Bombay, or Bencooleny as the Cafe may require, for the Adeemed com-

xamination of Witnesses; and such Examination shall he returned to the said Lord High Chan- petent Evidence

cellor, or Speaker of the House of Lords, or to the Speaker of the House of Commons respectively, and to both House*

proceeded upon in the same Manner, in all Respects, as if the several Directions herein-before pre- of Parliament,

feribed and enacted in that Behalf were agiin particularly repeated; and every such Examination,

returned either to the Lord Chancellor, or Speaker of the House of Lords, or to the Speaker of the

House of Commons, as aforesaid, shall be deemed good and competent Evidence, and shall be allowed

and read in both Houses of Parliament, or either of them respectively; as Occasion may require j any

Law or Usage to the Contrary notwithstanding.

XLIII. And whereas, by the Usage and Custom of Parliament, no Proceedings by Bill in Parlia-

ment have Continuance from One Session to another: And whereas it would be impracticable that

the Examination taken upon such Warrant, as aforesaid, could ever be returned within the ordinary

Length of a Session of Parliament; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the

First Day of November, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, no Proceedings in Parliament No Proceeding*

touching any Offence committed, or to be committed, in Indiay wherein such Wairant as aforesaid in n^Jiainent;

shall have been issued, shall be discontinued by any Prorogation or Diflblution of the Parliament, but f^cesm India

that such Proceedings may be resumed and proceeded upon in a subsequent Session, or in a subsequent to be disconti*

Parliament, in either House of Parliament, in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they nued by any

might have been in the Course of One and the same Session; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the Prorogation.

Contrary notwithstanding.

XLIV. And whereas His Majesty’s Subjects are liable to be defeated of their several Rights, w.

Titles, Debts, Dues, Demands, or Suits, for which they have Cause arising in India against other ^amus°m^

Subjects of His Majesty; now, for preventing such Failure of Justice, be it further enacted by the awarded by the

Authority aforesaid, That when, and as often as the said United Company, or any Person or Persons Courts at Weft,

whatsoever, shall commence and profscute any Action or Suit, in Law or Equity, for which Cause minster, whenr

hath arisen, or shall hereafter arise in Indiay against any other Person or Persons whatever, in any the ComPanr

of His Majesty’s Courts at lVejhninj}ery it shall and may be lawful for such Court respectively, upon ^XTwor "

Motion there to be made, to provide and award such Writ or Writs, in the Nature of a Mandammy Equity t: etc,

or Commission, as aforesaid, to the Chief Justice and Tudges of the said Supreme Court of Judicature

for the Time being, or the Judges of the Mayor’s Court at Madrafsy Bombay, or Bencooien, as the

Cafe may require, for the Examination of Witnesses, as aforesaid; and such Examination, being duly

returned, shall be allowed and read, and shall be deemed good and competent Evidence, at any

Trial or Hearing between the Parties in such Cause or Action, in the same Manner, in all

Respects, as if the several Directions herein-before prescribed and enabled in that Behalf were again

repeated.

XLV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That no such Depositions, taken and returned as ”tuniff to be*

aforesaid by virtue of this Act, shall be allowed or permitted to be given in Evidence in any capital allowed a« Evi-

Cafes, other than such as shall be proceeded against in Parliament; any Thing in this Act contained dence, in Cafe*

to the Contrary notwithstanding. "ot proceeded

against in Pailia*

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Rights, In- The'privilege*

terest, Powers, Privileges and Authorities, which are now vested in the said United Company of of the Company,

Merchants trading to the East Inlies, and which are not hereby expressly taken away, altered, or not hereby vari-

varied, shall remain to, and continue in the said Company, in as full and ample a Manner, to all In- ed,<ha 11 remain

tents and Purposes whatsoever, as if this Act had never been made. m Force.

XLV II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed PuUvk aa

and taken to be a Publick Act; of which Notice shall be judicially taken by all Judges, Justices, and 1

other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

5 N 2

CAPd

