79* C. 56

Anno decimo tertio Georg 11 III.

A.D. 1773.

CAP. LVI.

An Act for the more effectualljr restraining the retailing of distilled Spirituous Liquors;

and for prerenting the forging or counterfeiting any Stamp or Seal used for marking

Silks, Callicocs, Linens and Stuffs, to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great

Britain,

RkmoU*.

After July

1773, if »ny

Person (hill

retail Spiritu-

oat Liquor*,

Strong Waters,

&c. without a

Licence,

they shall for-

feit, forefery

Offence, 501.

If the Offender

shall be once

prosecuted for

the Penalty,

he shall not be

WHEREAS the Laws heretofore made to prevent the immoderate drinking of Spirituous Li-

quors, have, by reason of the Smallness of the Penalties by those Acts imposed, been ren-

4 dered in a great Measure ineffectual, and ill-disposed Persons are thereby encouraged to retail such

4 Liquors, without being first authorised and licensed thereto, whereby His Majesty is not only de-

( frauded of His Duties, but Victuallers and others, who duly takeout and pay for such Licences, are

4 greatly injured:’ For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

witly the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That if at any Time from and after the

Fifth Day of JulV, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, any Person or Persons shall presume

by him, her, or themselves,or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever employed by him, her, or them,

or for his, her, or their Benefit, to retail any distilled Spirituous Liquors, or Strong Waters, without

first taking out a Licence for that Purpose, in Manner as by the several Statutes in that Cafe made and

provided, and now in Force is prescribed and directed, he, (he, or they, so offending, shall respec-

tively forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds for each Offence.

II. Provided always. That such Offender who shall be prosecuted for the Penalty by this Act given,

shall not be again prosecuted for the fame Offence by any former Ad, and that such Offender as fhatl

be prosecuted for the Penalty given by any former Ad, shall not be prosecuted again for the fame Of-

fence, by virtue of this present Act, or any Thing herein contained.

again prosecuted fop ’he fame Offence.

Penalties to be IIL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Penalty by this Act imposed,

sued,prosecuted, shall and may be sued for, levied, recovered, and mitigated, by any Law of Excite now in Force, or

and recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Weft-

Exc^novTin m™ft*r\ and that One Moiety of every such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Hcirf

force; ami Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her, or them, as shall sue for the same*

One Moiety to go to his Majesty, and the other to the Person who shall foe for the (amt.

The Penahy of IV. Provided always. That the said Penalty of Fifty Pounds, by this Act imposed, shall not in any

mrtVateV^iow ci*her by the Commissioners of Excite or Justices of the Peace, before whom any Offender

-1, against this present Act shall be convicted, be mitigated or reduced below the Sum of Five Pounds.

Aa 10 Ann*. And whereas by an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne,

(intituled, AnAt1 for laying several Duties upon all Sope and Paper made in Great Britain, orimported into the

fame j and upon chequered and striped Linens imported j and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs,

printed, painted, or Jlained *, and upon several Kinds of Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper \ and upon

certain printed Papers, Pamphlets, and Advertifcounts, for raising the Sum of One Million Eight hundred

thousand Pounds, by way of a Lottery, towards her Majesty's Suppy \ and/or licensing an additional Number

of Hackney Chairs ; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards ana Dice ; and for better securing Her Ma-

jejly's Duties to arise in the Office for the Stamp Duties by Licenctsfor Marriages and otherwise 5 and for Re-

lief of Persons who have not claimed their Lottety Tickets in due Time, or have lojl Exchequer Bills, or Lot-

tery Tic Let 1 •, and for borrowing Money upon Stock (Part of the Capital of the South Sea Company) for the

life of the Publick 5) it is, amongst other Things, enacted. That there should be raised, levied, collected,

and paid, to and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Silks, Calli-

coes, Linens, and Stuffs, of what Kind soever, which at any Time or Times within or during the

Term of Thirty-two Years, to be reckoned from the Twentieth Day of June, One thousand seven

hundred and twelve, should be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, (such Callicoes,

Linens, and Fuftians, as should be dyed throughout of one Colour only, and Stuffs made of Woollen,

or whereof the created Part in Value should be Woollen, always excepted), the several and respec-

AO 3 Geo. I. tive Rates and Duties therein expressed: And whereas, by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the

Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, (intituled, An Act for redeeming the Duties and Reve-

" nueSy which were settled to pay off Principal and Inttrejl on the Orders made forth on Four Lottery Alls, faffed

in the Ninth and Tenth Tears of Her late Maj fly's Reign ; and for redeeming certain Annuities payable on

Orders out of the Hereditary Excise, according to a former Alt in that Behalf; and for establishing a general

yearly Fund, not only for the future Payment of Annuities at several Rates, to be payable and transferrable at

the Bank of England, and redeemable by Parliament, but also to raise Monies for such Proprietors of the said

Orders as shall chuse to be paid their Principal and Arrears of Inter eft in ready Money; and for making good

such other Deficiencies ana Payments as in this Alt are mentioned \ and for taking off the Duties on Linfted im-

ported, and firitish Linen exported); the said several Rates and Duties, and the Powers, Authorities,

Penalties, and Forfeitures, for securing the fame, are made perpetual; And whereas by an Act of

Pars

t

