A.D. 177$-' Anno decuno tertio -Georgm lit, . C. 84. 925

After the Words w being duly summoned to answer to the said Charge,” insert (did not Appear be- Thh to be «-

fere me, pursuant to the said Summons ;) or, and refuse to make any Defence against the /aid p^dr^5^C

Charge-> but the fame being fully proved, etc.) as before. ,ppe,f upon the

Summon*.

After the Words <c contained in the said Information,” insert, (acknowledged, and voluntarily confessed Thi*to t* «-

the fame to be true, and it manifestly appears to me, the said Jujiice, etc.) as above*

owfeflTe* tke

No. XXIV. ciurr.

Warrant to distrain for the Forfeiture.

\

Middlesex. To the (Constable) Headborough) or, Tithingman) of

WHEREAS A. B* of # in the said County, is this Day convicted before

me C. D. Esquire, One of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace in and for the said County, upon

the Oath of G* H. a credible Witness, for that the said A. 2?. hath, [Here set forth the Offence, deferib-

ing it particularly in the Words of the Statute, as near as may Ar] (contrary to the Statute in that Cafe

made and provided), 'by reason whereof the said A. B. hath forfeited the Sum of to be

distributed as herein is mentioned, which he hath refused to pay* These are therefore in His Majesty’s

Name to command you to levy the said Sum of by Distress of the Goods and

Chattels of him the said A. B. and if within the Space of Four Days next after such Distress by you

taken, the said Sum, together with the reasonable Charges of taking and keeping the fame, shall not

be paid, that then you do fell the said Goods and Chattels so by you distrainea, and out of the Money

arising byv such Sale, that you do pay One Half of the said Sum or to E. F. This to ferine*

of who informed me of the said Offence, and the other Half of the said according to the

Sum of to J. K. the Surveyor of the Turnpike Road, [describing it), Direaionofthe

where the said Offence (Keglefl, or Default) happened, to be employed towards the Repair of the 'cifo1*-

said Road, returning the Overplus on Demand to him the said A. 2?* (the reasonable Charges of taking,

keeping, and felling the said Distress, being first deduced) 5 and if sufficient Distress cannot be found,

of the Goods and Chattels of the said A. B. whereon to levy the said Sum of

that then you certify the fame to me, together with this Warrant*

Given under my Hand and Seal the Day of

n

a d.

. N*. XXV.

Return of the Constable to be made upon the Warrant of Distrefi, where there are

no Effects.

T A. B. Constable of the (Parish, etc,) of ^ in the County of

I do hereby certify and make Oath, That, by virtue of this Warrant, I have made diligent Search

for the Goods of the within named and that I can find no sufficient Goods

whereon to levy the within Sum of as witness my Hand the Day

of 17

A. B.

Sworn before me, the Day and I

Year, etc. C. D. J

Nd. XXVI.

Commitment for want of Distress.

Middlesex. To the (Constable) of in the said County, and to the Keeper of the

tommon Gaol, (or the House of Correction) at in the said County.

WHEREAS A. B. of in the said County, was, on the

Day of convicted before me C. D. Esquire, One of His Majesty’s Justices

of the Peace in and for the said County, upon the Oath of E F. a credible Witness, for that he the

said A. jB. (Here set forth the OffenceJ contrary to the Statute, made in the Thirteenth Year of the

Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for regulating the Turnpike Roads, by reason Whereof the

said A. B. hath forfeited the Sum of And whereas on the

Day of in the Year aforesaid, I did tfluc my Warrant to the (Constable) of

to levy the said Sum of by Distress and Sale

Vol* XI. 6 c of

