A

TABLE

O F T H E

Public and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the eleventh Year of the Reign of

George III.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno ii Gcorgti III.

i. N Act to continue the Prohibition of the Expor-

/A tation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread,

A* JL Biscuit, and Starch ; and also of the Extraction

of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour,

for a further Time; and also to prohibit the Exportation

of Malt for a limited Time.

u An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty cer-

tain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for

the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-one.

3. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen

to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board

Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels.

4. An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the ninth

Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An An to

emend, and render more ejfenual, an All made in the

twenty-firJ} Year of the Reign of King James the Fir/}, in-

tituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects,

against all Pietences of Concealment whatsoever, as re-

lates to the prosecuting his Majesty’s Right, Title, or

Claim, to any Meftiiages, Lands, Tenements, or Here-

ditaments, within the Precinct, District, or Liberty of

the Savoy, in the County of Middlesex, or to any the

Appurtenances to the fame therein mentioned.

5. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land

Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one.

6. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Defcrtion ; and for

the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

7. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine

Forces, while on Shore.

8. An Act to continue for a further Time an Act made in

the eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled.

An Act to continue and amend an An made in the fifth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for

Importation of failed Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter,

from Ireland, for a limited Time ; and for allowing the

Importation of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter,

from the British Dominions in America, for a limited

Time.

9. An Act for the better paving, repairing, cleansing,

lighting, and watching the Streets and other public Paf-

sages within the City of Winchester5 and also within the

several Parishes of Saint Bartholomew Hide, Saint John's

in the Soke, Saint Peter's Cheefehill, Saint Swithin and

Saint Alichael in the West Soke, in the Suburbs of the said

City; and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances

therein ; and for widening and rendering the fame more

commodious.

10. An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement

made between Peter Burrell Esquire, Surveyor-general of

his Majesty’s Lands, and the Trustees of Morden College,

in the County of Kent, for enabling his Majesty, his

Heirs and Successors, to grant Leases of Maidenstone Hilly

in the Parish of East Greenwich, in the County of Kent*

to the said Trustees, upon the Terms mentioned in the said

Agreement; and for impowering the said Trustees to in*

crcafe the Salaries and Pensions of the Treasurer, Chap*

lain, and poor Merchants, in the said College.

11. An Act for further continuing two Acts made in the

sixth and ninth Years of his Majesty’s Reign, for punish-

ing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment

of the Army and their Quarters, in his Majesty’s Domi-

nions in America.

12. An Act for better paving the Streets, Squares, Lancs,

Couits, Alievs, Ways, and other public Passages, in

that Part of Goodman s Fields, which lies in the Parish of

Saint Mary Matfclhn, otherwise Whitechapel, in the

County of MidJLjex, and also Red Lion Street and White

a z Lion

boogie

