772

■ F*rm of Con-

lift ion.

Writings to be

without Stamps

Limitation fif

Aftioiu.

Ctaitra} Ifluc.

Treble Costs.

Publick Act.

Fu an> vie.

C. 49. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III/ A.D. 1773.

laid former Acts, or this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following

Form of Words, or any other Form of Words to the fame Effect.

E it remembered, TJoat on the Day of in the Tear

of His Majesty s Reign, A. B. ts conviSled before of His'Majestys

JuJliccs of the reace for the County of by virtue of an Act of the Thirteenth

Year of the Reign of His Majesty Ring George the Thirds For amending and rendering more effectual

44 Two Acts, made, One in the Eighth and the other in the Tenth Year of His present Majestys Reign, for

46 regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and for paving, repairing, cLanfing, and lighting, the Parish

44 of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes in the said Acts men-

44 tioned ” (specifying the Offence, and Time and Place when and where the fame was committed,

as the Cafe shall be.)

Given under our Hands and Seals, or Hand and Seal, the Day and Tear aforesaid.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Information, Order,

Judgement, Conviction, Warrant, Mortgage, Assignment, Transfer, or other Security for the bor-

rowing of Money, or other Writing whatsoever, relating to the Execution of the said former Acts, or

this Act, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

, XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any

s Person #r Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of the said former Acts, or this Act, until

Twenty-one t)ays Notice shall be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said

Veftxy-men and Commissioners, or after sufficient Satisfaction, or Tender thereof, hath been made to

the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, for which

such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and all such Actions or Suits shall be

laid and tried in the County of Middlesex, and not in any othe{ County or Place; and that the De-

fend ant or Defendants in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, and every of them, may plead the

General Issue, and give the said former Acts, and this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at

any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon.; and that the Matter or Thing for or on which

such Action or Anions,‘Suit or Suits shall be brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of

the said former Acts, or this Act: And if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done,

or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for

that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury

or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and if a Veidict shall be found for

such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or

Suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits.;

or if upon a Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, Judgement shall be

given for the Defendant or Defendants therein; then, and in either of the Cafes aforesaid, such De-

fendant or Defendants (h ill have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame,

as any Defendant or Defendants may have for Ins, her, or their Costs, in other Cafes by Law.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said former Acts, and this Act, shall be allowed in

all Courts whatsoever as a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby re-

quired to take.Notice thereof as such, withoXit specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for more effectually executing an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year

of King George the Second, for draining and preserving the Lands in the North

Level, Part of Bedford Level, so far as relates to the Fourth District of the said

North Level.

4 IT HEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of

4 -W His late Majesty King George the Second, (intituled, An Act for the discharging of the Cor-

4 poration of the Governor, Bailiff's, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservaiors of the Great Level

4 of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, from a Debt due to the Duke cf Bedford, and Earl ofhin-

4 coin; and for enabling the Proprietors of Lands in the North Level, Part of the said *Great Level, to

4 raise Money to discharge the Proportion of the said North Level in the Dtbts of the said Corporation; and

4 for (jeertaining and appropriating the Taxes to le laid on the said North Level; and for the more

4 elf eftuni draining and preservhig the said North Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the

4 Manor of Crowland ;) the Commissioners therein named, or to be nominated and appointed, in

4 Manner therein mentioned, were authorised and impowered to assess, rate, tax, and charge, all and

1 every the Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupier, of all and singular the Lands and Grounds

1 situate and being within the said Fourth District or Division, (except as in the said Act is excepted,)

1 by and with an equal and proportionable yearly Rate, T'ax, or Sum of Money, not exceeding in

any One Year, for the first Two Years after the passing of the said Act, the Sum of Two Shillings

' an Acre, or after the Expiration of the said Term of Two Years, the Sum of One Shilling an

Acre, to be applied and disposed of in making Works, Banks, Drains, Mills, and Engines, within

4 the

