A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III.

C. 46. 277

are, or shall be burst or broke, doth or do not belong to the Company to whom he is Pavior; that then,

and in such Cale, the Pavior of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes do or doth belong shall make Sa-

tisfaction to the Pavior who took up such Pavement, and opened such Ground, foi*such Work; and in

case the Pavior, to whom such Notice shall be lo given to take up such Pavement, and open such Ground,

fh ill mghct or n full* to o the fame within two Days after Notice given as aforesaid, he shall, for the first

OrPer.ce, forfeir and pay tha Sum of twenty bnillings; lot the second Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings ;

and fur ;hr third, and every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds: And in case the Pavior of the Com-

pany, to whom such Pipe or Pipes lo broke or built shall belong, shall neglect or refuse to repair and

a.T.r J tts Ihn c, and fill in tfe Ground so taken up, lor the Space of two Days next after such Notice

givt.ii, r shall neglect to give Ni tice to the Pavior or Faviors contracting with the said Commissioners, or

t.) ti e Surveyor or Inspector to the said Commissioners, or to such other Persons as afoielaid; such Pavior

fl ail, for il-e hrft Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum ot twenty Shillings; for the feconJ Offence, the Sum

of lot tv Shillings; and for the third, and every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds: And if the Per-

f*»n or Pc. foils commoting with the said Commissioners to reh.y such Pavement so broke or taken up 'or the

Reaf rs aiorcfaid, fh. 1! neglect, orrefufeto icLy tuen Pavement in a good, fuiHcient, and effectual Man-

11 r, within cwo D :ys af:er such No Pee given to him as afoicLid; 01 if the Surveyor, I.ffjKCtor, or o:her

Lhrfon, to whom such Notice shall be given, (nail neglect to acquaint the Contractor of such Notice;

tiu-n, and in every such Cate, the Pci son or Pci Ions lo offending shall, for the fiiff Offence, forfeit and

piy the Sum of twenty Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings; and for the thiid,

anc every other Offence, the Sum of th;ee Pounds.

XXII. AnJ be it further enacted, That the several and respective Paviors, or other Persons now ap- Prnalry on P.v-

prin:cJ, or hereafter to be appointed, by the said several and rclpev.tive Water Companies, who shall have virr* t*f W\»ter

;my I’ipe or Pipes laid in, through, orunler, any of the said Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, or Yard, shall, c.,’nJPinirs r,c‘

m J they are hereby required, within me Space of eight Days next af.er the first Meeting of the Commis- fh/jr N^rnrflmt-

Loners to put this Act in Execution, or within the Space of three Days next after he Hull be appointed to ghees of Abode#

roa:i;gc and take care of the Water-pipes belonging to such Company or Companies, to give Notice in

Writing to the Surveyor or Clerk to the said Commissioners, of his Name and Place of Abode, and to what

Gonpany he belongs; and in case any such Person or Perions (lull neglect or refule to give such Notice

within the respective Times aforesaid, every such Person or Persons lo offending, in either of the said

(hffl, for the first Offeree, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings; for the second Offence,

the Sum of forty Shillings; and for the third, and every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds.

XXL II. And be it further cnr.(fded, That no Person or Persons shall make, or caule to he made, any P<rrromaltcr’rg

Alteration in the Form of any of the Pavement or Pavements of the said Streets, Rov, Lane, Alley, or the Form of the

Yard, or or any Part thereof, without the Content and Direction of the said Commissioners, or any leven l'JVC.mnir» to

€.t m re of them, under their H inds and Seal*, upon Pain of forfeiting, lor every such Offence, the Sum of 5

fi-.e P 'tmiis, over and aluve all Expcncca incurred, or to be incurred, in rcinftating the fame.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, Tmt it fluff and may be lawful to and lor the said Commi/Ti mers, Course of Chm.

or nnv Even or more of them, fresh time to tunc, to direct, and er ne the Course of any Gutter or Chan- ni-h may be all

n*l, running in or through the said Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, or Yard, or any of them, to be turned or tert'1*

airerrj in such Manner as they flnll think proper; and to direct the Grates already placed, or hereafter to

be placed, over any Sewers, to be removed and replaced in such Manner, and at (ueh Place and Places, as

they Ihffl think proper, so as the fame be not prejudicial to the puoiic sewers; and the fame shall, from

t me to time, be done at the Expence of the said Commissioners, and paid for out of the Monies anting by

virtue of this Act; any Law, Usage, or Cuffcm to the contrary notwuhffanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as there shall be Occasion to make any new, Commissioner*

cr to repair any Grate or Grates now being over any Sewer or Sewers, belonging to the Commissioners of <r Siw?rsto

e-c-vers in the said Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, or Yard, or any of them, the fame fh.ffl be made new or "lA*and repair

repaired determined by and at the Expence of the said Comnrfffiioners of Sewers; and the fame, when so nude new or GrJ,-cs*

repaired, (hull be laid down in such Maimer as shall be directed by the Surveyor to the Commissioners for

purring this Aict in Execution.

XX V’J. And be it further enacted, That when and so often ns any Sewer or Drain, which is or shall be Cofrmissionerf

order the Direction of the Commifdorers or Sewers, fituntc in, or communicating with the said Streets, of Sewers to re-

P ow, Lane, Alky, or Yard, or any of them, (hiall rcq lire to oe repaired, cleankff, or emptied, the said p4V\rriy,tj

ChTy iffnners of Sewers Avail, from tirty* to t;mrepair, clc.nfe, and en pty the fame. Dmn*

XX Vii. And be it further enacted, "(hat it ili.il and may he liwf.l to and for the said Coirmissioners n,w Sfwers ird-

appointed by this Ac), or any nine or more of tram, if they (had trim: it nccefiary, to nuke, or cause to ^r<ltCJ *jV bc

be made, any new public Sewer or Sewers, or public Duin or Drains, to communicate with the said rm-ictyffe

Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, and Yard, or any of them, and all > any new Gr?te or Grates, over such C.mn fli nen

Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains, and to cause the Lme to rc placid in such ADr.ner as the Surveyor to for p>>v.n£, and

the Lid Commiffoners shall think proper - and the I xpei ns attending the making such new hewtr or j

Fiven, Drain or Drains, and Grate or Grates, shall be p ud out of the Mono- aiuing by virtue of this VrVitidU

Act; and when Inch Sewer or Sewers Drain or Drain*, Gr..tc or Grates L.. I ue made and compieud, Con » urFr.ers-

ti.e larr.c (hull be under the Caic, Management, an ! Dirritmn of the Commmumers of Severs, in like Si.scis.

J-Dnoer as the other Sewers now are; and the laL Co it, tfft Turner s of Severs Its. 1 cause such hewer or

S ‘v*cr>. Drain or Drains, to be, from time to time, lor ever after repined, cirrmc.i, or emptied* and such

Ci: rc or Grates to be, from time to time, nii.de new or kpaired, as Occaiion lha.i require.

XX \ III- And be it further enacted, That when and lo olren as it shall be mccff.ry (< r the fail Com- ifCvrrn;>.

fi^ih.enas uf Sewers to do and periorm any of the Lvaal \\ erts herein befeic uiiccieJ to be dune by them, m-noi Srweri

ilo ajt putuim-

