A.D. 1772. Aflno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 48, 49. 539

issued shall, upon Summon* of the proper Party or Parties, immediately clircbarg* (lich Bankrupt or*

Bankrupts from such Arrett:; nevertheless such Bankrupt or Bankrupts to be subject, in alt other Re-

spefts, to the Laws relating to Bankrupts, as aforesaid. ‘

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for the mort effectual preventing of Frauds in the Stamp Duties upon VeHiltti

Parchment, Paper, and Cards.

4 DOR the more effectual Prevention of several Frauds, whereby His Majesty’s Duties, granted by

4 X/ several Acts of Parliament in that Behalf, on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Pacer, hare been

4 very much diminished the Penalties thereon prescribed being found insufficient to deter Offenders \ be

it enacted by the King’s most Excellent M a jetty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual arvd Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

the fame. That if any Person or Persons, at any Time after the First Day of Auguf, One thousand After Aug. *.

seven hundred and (even ty-two, shall write or engross, or cause to he written or engrossed, either the i*7l».PrrfoB#

Whole, or any Part of any Writ, Mandate, Bond, Affidavit, or other W/iting, Matter, or Thing what- «onl"“-t,ng

soever, in respect whereof any Duty is or shall be payable by any Act or Acts made, or to be made, in a£T

that Behalf, on the Whole, or any Part of any Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, whereon there

{hall have been before written any other Writ, Bond, Mandate, Affidavit, or other Matter or Thing*

in respect whereof any Duty Was or shall be payable as aforesaid, before such Vellum, Parchment, or

Paper, shall have been again marked or stamped, according to the said Aftsj or shall fraudulently crafe

or ferape out, or cause to be erased or feraped out, the Name or Names of any Person or Persons, or

any Sum, Date, or other Thing, written in such Writ, Mandate, Affidavit, Bond, or other Writing,

Matter, or Thing, as aforesaid j or fraudulently cut, tear, or get off, any Mark or Stamp, in respect

whereof, or whereby, any Duties are or shall be payable, or denoted to be paid or payable as aforesaid,

from any Piece of Vellum, Parchment, Paper, Playing Cards, Outside Paper of any Parcel or Pack of

Playing Cards, or any Part thereof, with Intent to use such Stampt or Mark for any other Writing,

Matter, or Thing, in respect whereof any such Duty is or shall be payable, or denoted to be paid or

payable as aforesaid ; then, so often, and in every such Cafe, every rerfon so offending, in any of the to 1>e deemed

Particulars before mentioned, and every Person knowingly and wilfully aiding, abetting, or aififting guilty of Felony;

any Person or Persons to commit any such Offence or Offences as aforesaid, shall be deemed and con- and, onCoitvic-

ftrued to be guilty of Felony, and, being thereof convicted by due Course of Law, shall be transported non, to betnnf-

to fomc of His Majesty’s Plantations beyond the Seas, for a Term not exceeding Seven Years, accord- *°rle

ing to the Laws in Force for the Transportation of Felons: And if any such Person or Persons so con- And # th

vifted or transported $iall voluntarily escape or break Prison, or return from Transportation before the break Prifoo, on

Expiration of the Time for which he, (he, or they shall be so transported as aforesaid, such Person or return within

Persons being thereof lawfully convicted, (halt suffer Death as a Fdlon, without Benefit of Clergy, and the limited Time,

shall be tried for such Felony in the County where he, (he, or they shall be apprehended. ta fuffcrDcalh<

If. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, after persons discover-

the said First Day of August, One thousand seven Itundred and seventy-two, commit any of the Offences jRg offender*,

aforesaid, and afterwards, being out of Piifon, discover One or more Persons who shall, since that Time, imitled to Hi*

have committed any of the Offences aforesaid, so as such Person or Persons discovered shall be convict- Par-

ed of such Offence or Offences, he, (hr, or they, so discovering, shall have and be intitled to His Ma-don#

jetty's gracious Pardon for all such Offences by him or her committed at any Time or Times before such

l)ilcovery made.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His pre-

sent Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering the Stamp-duties upon Policies of Assurance\ and

for reducing the Allowance to be made in respect of the prompt Payment of the Stamp-duties on

Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other, exciseable Liquors 5 and for explaining and amending

several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs; so far as the fame relates

• to Hackney Coaches.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Pffjimb,e

Majesty, intitled, An Act for altering the Stzmp-duties upon Policies of Afjurance; and for reducing Gc^

the Allowance to le made in respect of the prompt Payment of the Stamp-duties on Licences for retailing *

Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors ; and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament relating

to HaiLney Coaches and Chairs ; it is, amongst other Things, enacted. That from and after the First

Day of Augifl, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, every Coachman, licenced by the Com-

mittioners for regulating and lictnfing Hackney Coaches, plying for Hire within the City of London 4

or IfSejlminster, should he obliged and compellable, on every Day of the Week, at fensonable l imes,

to go any where, within the Pittance of Ten Miles from the City of London or U’ejlminster ; and

in case of Refusal so to do, should be liable to the like Penalty or Punishment as might by Law then

be inflrfted in Cafes of Refusal to carry for Hire by licenced Hackney Coachmen : And whereas a

V ol. XL 3 Y 4 Doubt

