A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. . Q 22; 127

Month next after such Report made to the said Committee; and if the said Committee shall not, within

one Month next after such Report made to them, bring, inllitute, and commence such Action; then, and

at any Time then after, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for the time being, if

they /hall so think fit, in the joint Names of any two or more of them, or in the Name of any Person ap-

pointed by them, or any three or more of them, for thatPurpose, to bring, institute, commence, and pro-

lecute an Action or Actions of Debt, against the Contractor or Contractors, in such Court for such Pe-

nalty and Penalties, and in such Manner, as the Committees respeClively are herein before directed or en-

abled to do; and on Proof of the signing the said Contract or Contracts, and Non-performance thereof, at

the l ime or Times therein for that Purpose mentioned, the Plaintiffs, in every such A<ftion, shall be intitled

to, and shall recover such Penalty or Penalties, which, when received, {hall be applied for the Purposes

of this Act, within the Parish, Precinct, or Place in which the Cause of Action arose, and not otherwise

or c! lew here.

XVil ProviJcJ always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared. That nothing in this Act, or Struts, &c. be-

any of the said former Acts contained, shall authorise or require the said Commissioners, or Committee of longing to Pa-

any Parish, Precinct, or Place, to pave, repair, cleanse, or light the Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yaids, orlaccsc«mpted#

any other Place or Places, situated before or belonging to any Royal Palace, Ground, or Building, which

now belongs or hereafter shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, any Thing in this Act, or in

any of the former Acts contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conflrucd to extend, Alfo$<par« and

to Golden Square, Rid Lion Square, or to any other Square, Street, or Place, now paved, cleansed, and pl*ccs wh*ch

lighted, under any particular Act of Parliament. tkuluAit*

4 XIX. And whereas there are several Streets and Places within the united ParishcF of Saint AJargaret *cu ar

and Saint Jchtt the Evangelist, where the Inhabitants are not of Ability to raise Money sufficient to defray ot-s!inVMarga-

the Lxpence of new-paving or repairing, cleansing, and lighting such Streets and Places, under the Rrgu- ret and Saint

4 lationsof this Act be it therefore enacted and declared. That it shall not be lawful for the said Com- John exempted,

vniilioners appointed to p it this Act in Execution, to order or direct any of the Streets or Places within the until the Inh*-

said Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, to be new-paved or repaired, cleansed, or to^on

lighted, except the several Streets and Places herein after-mentioned; (that is to say) Parliament Street, ^jbule^towardi

Darby Street, Downing Street, King Street, Eduyder Street, Crown Street, Crown Court, Charles Street, New paving, &c.

Charles Street, Duke Street, Delahay Street, Great George Street, Little George Street, Cinon Row, Brewers

Yard, Dorset Court, Alanchester Buildings, The Fish Alarket, New Court, Bridge Street, Little Bridge Street,

I 'nion Street, Sai?it Margaret Street, Abingdon Street, Little Abingdon Street, Ahibank Street to the Horse

Ferry, Market Street to the High Road near the Burial Ground, Great £)ueen Street, Little ^gieen Street,

Princes Court, Park Prcjpeft, Long Ditch, Broken Crop, Great Sanctuary, Little Santluary, Old Tcthil

Street, Dartmouth Street, Dartmouth Row, Broad Way, the Street leading from the Broad IDay to Jjhteen

Square, J^ueen Square, Petty France, and James Street, and such other Streets and Places, or Parrs of Streets

and Piaccs, as are already new-paved, cleansed, and lighted, under the Direction of the Commissioners ap-

pointed by the said former Acts; nor shall any Rate or Ailellment be made by virtue of this Act, for the

Purposes of paving, repairing, cleansing, or lighting any Part of the said Parishes, other than as herein

before mentioned, any Thing in this Act, or in any former Act, to the contrary hereof in anywise not-

withstanding.

XX. Provided nevertheless, That if at any Time hereafter any Streets or Places within the Limits which Pr0Vlfc*

arc exempted from being paved, repaired, lighted, and cleansed as aforesaid, shall become so advanced in

Rents as that the Inhabitants thereof shall, in the Opinion of the Commissioners, be of Ability to contri-

bute a reaionuble Sum to the paving, repairing, lighting, and cleansing the fame, under the Authority of

this Act, then, and from thenceforth, such particular Streets and Places shall be subjedf to be paved, re-

paired, hgnted, and cleansed, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the several Squares,

Streets, Lanes, and other Places, which are under the Direction of the said Commissioners or Committee-

men, can or may be paved, repaired, lighted, and cleansed.

XXL And be it further enacted, That all the Streets and Places within any of the said Parishes of Saint s“ch ParfJ c*

AI rgaret and Sant John tlx Evangels ft, not subject to be paved, repaired, clcanlcd, or lighted as afore-l(^

laid, shall (till remain subject to the Powers and Provisions of such former Acts of Parliament, as do now, remain unJrr

or did before the making of this Act, extend to such other Streets and Places, any Thing contained in this former a

present Act to the contrary hereof in anywise notwiihltanding. Parliament.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Inhabitants, Owners and Occupiers, of all inhabitants Ir-

an J every or any Lands Grounds, Iloufes, Shops, Warehouses, Wharfs, Coach hotifes. Stables, Cel- able to charg-

Lrs, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in all and every the Squares, Streets, Lancs, and ed ,orbp"^

Places hereby directed to be paved, or to be repaired, lighted, and cleansed, shall, from and after the ^Vmpted from

twenty-fifth Day of Alarch, one thouLnd seven hundred and seventy-one, be absolutely exonerated, dit- former Law«.

charged, and indemnified Irom and again'.! ihc Execution and Service of the Office of Scavenger, in and

for the several Pjnihcs, Prtcinch, and Places, wherein such Squares, Streets, Lancs, and Places are

lunate and lying, and of and from the hanging out Lights in Inch Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Places, and

all Presentments and Returns of any Annoyance Jurors, Constables, or other Officers, (other than and ex-

cept the Inspecfors hereby directed to be appointed) for ar.J in rclpect of dangerous or defective Pavements,

lit faults of Lighting, and all Annoyances in, Ofoitruetions of, and Encroachments upon, ail or any of the

Lid Squares, Streets, Lancs, and Plac^a, and ail Pair.s, Penalties, Duties, and Services, for or concern-

ing any such Annoyances, Obltructior.s, Incroachments, or dangerous or defective Pavements^ and De-

faults of Lighting; and that the several Acts of Parliament made in the second and third Years of their Lite

1. Majestie® '

