243

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 43.

Management of the Poor maintained in such House or Houses, and shall, from time to time9 make Reports

of the behaviour of such poor Persons who shall be there maintained.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors and acting Guardians, at any General quar- and aCIergy.

terly Meeting assembled, shall and mav, from time to time, appoint some Clergyman of the Church of man.

England to instrud such Persons as shall be maintained in such House or Houses in the Principles of the

Christian Religion, and the Children in the Church Catechism, which the Governors or Stewards shall

once at lead in every Week hear such Children repeat; and also to visit the Sick, baptize the Children,

bury the Dead, and perform other Offices of his Profession in such House or Houses: And the said Direc- Allowance t#

tors and acting Guardians at any General quarterly Meeting assembled, shall, and they are hereby impow- lhcai*

ered to make such Allowance to such Clergyman and Governors or Stewards, and Matron or Matrons, for

their Pains and Trouble therein 5 and may, from time to time, displace or discharge him, her, or them, or

any of them, as to them the said Directors and acting Guardians, at any such Meeting assembled, shall ap-

pear reasonable; and shall and may pay such Allowances out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this

Ad.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any poor Person maintained and relieved in the said House or

Houses, shall be guilty of orofane cursing or swearing, or of any lewd, immoral, indecent, or disorderly be

Behaviour; or shall neglect or refuse to perform the Work or Services which he or she shall be required to Dircflors Lt

do, or shall be remiss therein, such Work or Service being suited to his or their Age, Strength, and Abi- i£hngGu»rJi-

lity; every such Offender shall and may be punished by moderate Correction Oj* Distindion of Dress; such ansj

PunKhment to be inflicted by Order of the major Part of the said Directors and acting Guardians present at

any weekly Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act.

LI. Provided nevertheless, That if the Governor or Governors shall make Complaint to any Tuftice of or, upon AppiiT

the Peace for the County of Southampton, acting in and for the Division of the Isle of wight, against any idle Citlon* b>

or disorderly Person or Persons, maintained and relieved in the said House or Houses, guilty of anjr Of-Julilcc of Pc*ce*

fence, that then it shall be lawful for such Tuftice to commit the Offender to the House of Correction for

the said County, at Newport in the Isle of fright, for any Time not exceeding one Month, or direct cor-

poral Punishment only, or both corporal runimment and Commitment, as fuen Justice shall, according to

the Nature of the Offence, think proper.

LII And be it further enacted and declared. That the Apparel with which any of the Poor (who shall Penalty on pnr-

be maintained by the said Guardians) shall be clothed, at the£xpence of the said Guardians, shall be, re- !0,ninB or mak*

main, and continue, and be deemed and taken to be the Property of the said Corporation; and in case any ^mcn^'V

Person or Persons maintained by the said Guardians shall purloin, fell, or pawn, any of the Materials or work or Tp-

Implcments of Work intruded to him, her, or them, and belonging to the said Corporation, or shall fell parel.

or pawn r.ny of the Apparel with which he, she, or they shall be clothed at the Expence of the said Cor-

poration; or in case any Person or Persons shall run away or depart from such House or Houses with the

Cloth js or Apparel provided by or belonging to the said Corporation, without the Leave of the major Part

of the Directors and acting Guardians present at a weekly Meeting, to be held in pursuance of this Act;

upon Complaint being made thereof before any Justice of the Peace for the said County, adin£ in and for

the Division of the Uu of Wighty by any of the said Guardians, or by the said Governors or Stewards, or

any nf them, such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to issue a Warrant for the apprehending any such

Otf nder; and, for his or her first Offence, to order the Person so apprehended, being convicted thereof

before such Justice of the Peace, on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or on his or

her own Confession, to be sent to the House of Correction at Newport aforesaid, there to remain and be

kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Month; and for the second Offence to be sent to the

{a 1 j House of Correction for any Time not exceeding one Month, and then to be publickly whipped; and

for the third Offence eveiw such Offender shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of Felony, and being le-

gally convicted thereof, shall suffer such Punishment as Persons convicted of Petit Larceny are liable to by

the Laws now in being.

4 LIII. And, to the End that all the poor People in the said House may be encouraged to apply them*

4 selves to such Ta/ks in which they shall be employed, with Diligence and Humility/ Be it further enacted jBdulJri‘Bf C

by the Authority aforesaid, That, out of the Profits arising to the said Corporation, from the Work which

shall be done by such poor Feople, such Rewards shall be distributed to the Industrious and Skilful, in pro-

portion to the Quantity and Perfection of their Work, as to the said Directors and acting Guardians, af-

sembled at any General quarterly Meeting, shall appear reasonable, so as no Part of the Money paid in such

Gratuities be expended in the Purchase of unwholesome or unnecessary Liquors, the drinking of which the

Governors or Stewards, and Matron or Matrons, are hereby strictly enjoined to prohibit and prevent.

4 LIV. And, for inciting the Governors or Stewards, and Matron or Matrons, of such House or Houses,

4 to discharge the Duty of their Offices with Humanity, Diligence, and Fidelity/ Be it enacted, That, !!rnoc *nd

over and above such Salaries as shall be assigned to them, by the Order of the said Directors and adingGuar- 4kroni*

dians, they, and each of them, shall receive out of the Profits of Work so done by the said poor People,

such Proportion thereof as by the said Directors and acting Guardians, at a General quarterly Meeting

atiembled, shall be judged ptoper, so as such Gratuity shall not exceed Twopence in the Pound oi the Value

of the said Profits.

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Profits of the Work so done by the Appier of

said poor People in the said House or Houses, deduding thereout such Allowances and Gratuities as arc Pcor’*

herein before limited, shall be applied in Aid of the said Rates and Affcflinenu towards the Maintenance of work.

the Poor within the said Island.

I i 2 LVl. Provided

