A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. Ct 8,.: 329

Seven or more of them, within Two Days after such Rate or A(Teflment shall be madfc, and pbblick No-

tice shall be given thereof in the respective Parish Churches within the said Borough, immediately after

Divine Service, on the Sunday next after the fame shall be so signed j and the said Rate or AssessT-

ment, or a Duplicate thereof, so long as the fame shall continue in Fo«co, shall lie open in the Guild-

h ill of the said Town, or in such other Place as the Commissioners at a Meeting shall appoint,

for publick Inspection, without Fee or Reward; and that any Rate to be made by virtue of this pre-

sent Act, shall be subject to such and the fame Regulations and Powers a3 the Commissioners are

authorised to exercise over Rates made in Pursuance of the said former Act.

XXVI. Provided alfor‘That np Person or Persons shall be subject or liable to the Payment of any Personi vitWa

Rate or Rates, or Aflellhients, to be nude in pursuance of this or the said former Act, for sweeping, certain Limit*

i lcanfing, lighting, watching, and removing Nuisances, but the several Tenants or Occupiers of on,yt0

such Houses and Buildings as now are, or at any Time or Times hereafter shall be, erected in the said

Town.

XXVII. And be it fcirther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said former Connors, how

Act as impowers the Commissioners to appoint the Afliflors therein mentioned, or any Six or more oft0

the Inhabitants, to be Collectors of the Rates therein mentioned, be and is hereby repealed; and

that from and after the passing this Act, the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall

and mr.y, by Writing under their Hands, from Time to Time, nominate and appoint Two or more

Collectors of the Monies to be raised by virtue of the said former and this present Act; which

Collectors so appointed shall be subject to the said Commissioners, and be liable to the fame Forfeitures

as 111 and by the said former Act is provided; and that each and every of such Collectors shall have

znd be intitled to such Sum, not exceeding Thee-pence in the Pound, upon the Amount of the

Money by them respectively received, as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable.

XXVlfl. Provided always. That no Person shall continue in either of the said Offices of Assessor Colleton anA

or Collector for any longer Time than the Space of One Year, nor shall be again nominated to eithe r ^ieitt

of the said Offices, in less than Five Years from the Time of his having served the fame, unless it - ia*‘ c ,mc*

shall happen to come sooner to his Turn by genera] Rotation, or unless he shall particularly apply or

jtqucft to be so appointed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Rate and Manner of Pay-

Rates, Assessmcnj and Assess'ments, which shall at any Time hereafter be made in pursuance of this ment

and the said former Act, shall be collected and received by the several Persons appointed for that Pur-

pose by foui equal,.Quarter)y Payments.

XXX. And be u further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Inhabitants or Refiants of ^Ie to

the said Town, who, by virtue of the said former Act, were liable to be a defied Four Shillings a t^pay

Year in lieu of the personal Duty of Watch and Ward, shall pay by quarterly Portions such annual ruch Sum « th«

Sum as the said Commissioners shall appoint, not exceeding the Sum of Four Shillings a Year each, CommUTioner*

in lieu of their said personal Duty, to the Persons appointed to collect and receive the Assessment to aPPoint*

be made in pursuance of the saul former and this present Act; which said Collector shall, from Time

to Time, make a true and faithful Return of the Names of all Persons making Default in such Pay-

ment to the Commissioners, at their next publick Meeting; and the respective Payments so in arrear p p f

shall be recovered and levied in Manner herein-after mentioned: Provided, that if any such Defaul*

ter or Defaulters shall, through Poverty, be really unable to pay the Money so to be assessed on him

or them as aforesaid, and shall be proved so to be to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, it

shall and may be lawful to and for such Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and impowered

to mitigate and lessen the Amount of the Arrears so due from such Defaulter or Derauhers, or

wholly todischarge him or them from the same, as the Nature of the Cafe may require, and as the

said Commissioners in their Discretion shall think proper; any Thing in the said former or this

present Act contained to the Contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioner*

fjid Commissioners to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding One f*rrb£7sun*

thousand five hundred Pounds, 01 er and above all Sums already borrowed upon the Credit of the said not exceeding

former Act, at fomc publick Meeting or Meetings, at "hifti there (lull be present no less than Fifteen i^ool.

of the said Commissioners, upon the Credits of the Alignments to be made by virtue of the said former

and tl is present Act, which Lease shall be made under such Regulations as are prescribed by the said

former Act.

XXXII. Provided also, That no Money Hi nil be borrowed by virtu? of the said former or this pre- 30 Day? Notice

sent Act, unless Thirty I)ays'N«*tice shall be given of the fame by Writing affixed to t '\c Guildhall of'0 be given 0!

the said Borough, signed by the Clerk or T realurer to the f;. id Commissioners for the lime being; and borrowing

that all Creditors wiio shall have lent Money upon the Rates or Allctliiionts granted by the said former nr'*

and this present Act, shall be deemed and taken to be Creditors in equ.tl Degree, without any Priority.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further on ift d by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the QjnlUtcvIen of

said former Act as deferibes the Qualification of the Com nidi nm for putting the said Act in Kx?cu- Coaumihunci*.

tion be and is hereby repealed; and that no Person (except the Mayor, Recoider, Aldermen, and Com-

mon Council of the said Borough) iball be capable of acting as a Conmuiuoner for putting the said for-

mer or this present Act in Fxicution who shall nor be rateJ and pay for his own Property the >um of

Twenty Shillings by the Year, for the Relief of the Poor of the i.ijd Borough for the Time bfing, or

be fill'd in his own Right, or in th^ Right or h:s Wife, of Lands within the Lid Borough, of which

the if served Rent shall amount to Forty PouaJi by the Year, or fnaU be pAfftioi of a Tcnti of Ninety-

Vul. XL L M uiiic

