A.D. 1773.. ..Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 73. 835

run on Shore, the fame,: and every Part thereof, shall be forfeited, and Treble the Value thereof;

and all and every Person and Persons in whose Custody the fame shall be founJ, and all and every £rw’10'e

Person and Persons, who is, are, or shall be aiding or assisting in the Landing or Running thereof, s ”lt>°ity f“,nd

shall forfeit the like Sum of Twenty Pounds, and Costs; One Moiety of ail which Forfeitures shall tc/t0 fOIfe.t ’

be to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Officer or 10i

Officers who shall seize; prosecute, or inform for the fame; to be recovered and levied in such Man- Forfei-urt. how

ner and Form, and with such Power of Mitigation, as any Fine, Forfeiture, or Penalty, is or may t0be»ppl»ed*

be recovered by any Law or Laws of Excite, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in

any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVtJhninJlcr, or in the Court of Exchequer in ,

wherein no Elloin, Protection, or Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be

allowed.

CAP. LXXIir.

An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, intituled, An A El for opening and establishing certain Ports in the Islands

of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods

and Merchandises *, for granting certain Duties to defray the Expences of opening., maintaining,

securing, and improving, such Ports; for ascertaining the Duties to be paid upon the Im-

portation of Goods from the said Island of Dominica into this Kingdom; and for feiuring

the Duties upon Goods imported from the said Island into any other British Colony , and

for allowing Timber and Wood to be exported from the said Island of Dominica

into any other of the British lilands, Colonies, or Plantations in America, for a

limited Time.

W

WHEREAS an A St, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, (in*

tituled, An Act for opening and establishing certain Ports in the Islands of Jamaica and Domi- ^*6 Gw. III.

nica, for the more free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandises; for granting

certain Duties to defray the Expences of openings maintaining^ securing, and improving, such Ports $ for

ascertaining the Duties to be paid upon the Importation of Goods from the said Island of Dominica into

this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties upon Goods imported from the said Island into any other

British Colony)y which was to continue in Force until the First Day of November, One

thousand seven hundred and seven ty-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

Parliament, hath been found useful and beneficial, and would become more so if it was continued,

altered, and amended ? may it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted j and he it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thi- present Parliament niTembled, and by the Authority forthfr cond-

of the fame. That the said A&, and every Thing therein contained, (except so much thereof as is nued till Nov.

by this A&. altered and amended), shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the First i, 1780.

Day of November, which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and eighty, exccPl what re-*

and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, (except what relates to the said Ja*w

Island of Jamaica), which shall have Continuance only until the First Day of November, One thou- only tin”*

land seven hundred and seventy-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Nov. 1,1774.

Parliament. After Nov 1

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Day of ,77? Cocoa^nd

November, in the present Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, any Cooa and Coffee, Cofoe, or the

either in or out of the Husk, being the Growth and Produce of the said Island of Dominica, may be Produce of Po-

imported into Great Britain under Certificate, in like Manner, and under such Securities, Regulations, J”ioica>&c*

and Restrictions, and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures, as Sugar and Rum, the Growth and al^ch Regu-*

Produce of the said Island, are allowed by the said Act to be imported into Great Britain; and that lmo, as Su^xr

from and after the said First Day ot November, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three. any and Rum from

Coffee in the H»jfk. being of the Growth and Produce of any other of His Majesty’s Colonies or said initld-

Plantations in America, may be imported into Great Britain in British) built Ships, navigated according

to Law, from any of the said Colonies or Plantations.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority afon said, Thnt a Deduction or Aliow- An'Allowance

ance of One-seventh Part shall be made from and upon every One hundred Pounds Weight of all ihe'ioo b

Coffee in the Husk, of the Growth and Produce of the said Island of Dominica, or of any other British wei*bt u> be*

Colony or Plantation in America, which shall be from thence imported into Great Britain \ for made from all

which Ouantity, so deducted as aforesaid, no Custom or Duty of Excise shall be paid by the Importer Cofor in the

r Propri for thereof. Husk-mported,

r>IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the faiJ Fit ft ^/p^able on

Day of November, in the present Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, ihctbe Importation

Duty of One Pound Ten Shillings, payable by the said Act of the Sixth Year oi the Reign and Exportation

of His present Majesty, for and upon every Negroe imported into the said Island of Dominicay ot Nog09 f‘\ani

and upon every Negroe exported from the Lid Island of Jamaciay shall cease, determine, and be ^rojn.Uom,nu*J

no longer paid or payable 5 and that, instead and in lieu of the said Duties, there shall be raised,aQ J*m*Ka*

levied,

