The TITLES of

63 An Act to impower Sir John Gibbons to {hut up the

Foot-paths over certain Lands, in the Parish of Stanwell,

in the County of Middlesex; and to extinguish all Claims

and Right of Common in and over the said Lands; and

to oblige the said Sir John Gibbons to make and keep in

Repair a Foot-path in lieu thereof; and to vest certain

Prerniles and a Sum of Money in Trustees, for the Ule

of the Poor of the said Parish.

64. An Act for naturalizing John Peter Du Roveray, John

Daniel Navi lie, John Peter Eynard, David Chollett, and

John Zacharias Gertcken.

65. An Act for naturalizing Augustine Noverre.

66. An Act for impowering the Judges of the Court of

Stftion in Scotland to fell certain Parts and Portions of

the Estate and Barony of Carrington, in the County of

Edinburgh, which formerly belonged to Huff Loid Vil

count Primrose, dtceased, and now to Neil Ear] of Rose-

berry, for Payment of the Debts of the said Viscount.

67. An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments,

Part of the Real Estate of J'hn Sutton Esquire, lituate in

the County of Lincoln, in Tiuft, to be sold, for Pay-

ment of eight thousand Pounds, the Portion of Isabella

Sutton deceased, and for the other Purposes in the said

Act mentioned.

6?. An Act for dividing and inclosing Sheriff-bales Com-

mon, in the Counry of Stafford.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Parcels of

Fen Land, within the Parish of Algcirkirkc cum Fofdyke,

in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing the O, en and Com-

, mon Fields, in the Parish of Sivaldffe, in the County of

Oxford.

71. An Act for discharging the Manor of ColdhcfelJon, and

divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, Part of

the Estate of Richard Earl of Scarborough, from the Uses,

Estates, and Trulls, declared concerning the fame, by

the Settlement executed previous to his Marriage with

Barbara Countess of Scarborough, his. Wife, and by a

certain Act of Parliament, which passed in the seventh

Year of his present Majesty’s Reign; and for settling

another Manor, and other Lands and Hereditaments, of

greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Ules.

72. An Act for enabling Sir Henry Harpur Baronet to make

Leases of his Estates in the Counties of Derby and Staf-

ford, for three Lives, or ninety nine Years, or such other

Leases as are therein mentioned.

73. An Act for Sale of Part of 'he ft rled Estates of Sir John

Shelley Baronet, and of the Right Honourable John Shel-

ley his Son, in the several Counties of Kent and ITilts,

and also of a Farm called Kingjham Farm, in the Parish

of Saint Pancrasy in the County of Sussex; and for ap-

plying the Monies to arise by such Sale in Discharge of

the Portions of the Daughters of the said Sir John Shelley,

affecting the Estates of him and his said Son; and for

other Purposes.

74. An Act to exchange Lands in Langham, in the County

of Suffolk, between Patrick Black Esquire, and Edward

Burch, Rector of the Parish Chu>ch of Langham afore-

said, within the Diocese of Norwich.

75. An Act for vesting ceit.in Freehold and Leafthold

Mills, Lands, and Tenements, comprised in the Mar-

riage Settlement of Joseph Bullock Esquire, in Trul-

tees, to convey and assign the fame reflectively, pur-

suant to an Agreement for the Sale thereof; and for lay-

ing out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase

of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the

fame Uses as are mentioned in said Settlement.

9

the STATUTES.

76. An Act for confirming a Conveyance to Henry Flit-

croft Esquire, of certain Estates in the County of York,

purchased by the Trustees in the Marriage Settlement of

Charles Goring Esquire, and Fanny his Wife; and for

confirming a Conveyance made by the said Henry Filt-

er ft to the Use of the said Trustees of other Estates, in

lieu thereof, in the County of Surrey.

77. An Act to enable the survivintj 7 ruftee named in the

Settlement of I Li Hi am Pulteney Esquire, and Frances his

Wife, to grant Leases of their Leasehold Estates in West-

m infer.

;3. An Act for confirming a Deed of Trust, dated the

thirty first of December, one thousand seven hundred and

seventy, and for the more effectual enabling the Truf-

tees to railc the Sum of nine thouLnd Pounds, for the

Purposes therein mentioned, by Mortgage or Sale of the

Freehold Estate of George Smyth the elder, and George

Smyth the younger, Esquires, lituate in the County of

Ghucejier, or of a competent Part the reof.

*9 An Act for vesting Part of the Estate late of Nicholas

Cor fills Esquire, deccaleJ, at ITrjenhoe and Elmfled, in

the C< unty of Ejjix, in Trustees, to be sold, for raiiing

Money to discharge Incumbrances.

so An Act for vesting the Manor of AJUey, and certain

Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in

Ajlley, Tyldejley, and Bedford, in the County of Lan~

caster, compriied in the A'! image Articles of Thomas

Frognatt, and Hannah his Wife, in Trustees, to the feve-

ral Uses, upon the Trusts, and fuijeft to the Powers,

Piovifoes, and Restrictions, therein mentioned.

Si. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Thomas Par-

kinfon, Edward Heathcote, and Catharine his Wife, and

their respective Children, lying in the Counties of Not-

tingham, Lincoln, and'Chester, inTrustees, to fell a it*f-

ficient Part thereof for Payment of Debts and Legacies

affecting the fame, and for making a Partition of the

Remainder thereof, and settling the entire Premises to

the Uses therein mentioned.

82. An Act for discharging from Tithe certain Lands, in

the Parish of StbraJjam, other wise Sebcrgham, in the

County of Cumberland; and for making Compensation

to the Curate of the said Paiifh for the fame.

83. An Act for draining and prese ving certain Fen Lands

and Low Grounds in Ladas Fen, in the Ifie of E^y.

84. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

and other Commonable Places, in Wa ver ton, otherwise

ll'areton, in the Parish of Polefivorth, in the County of

Warwick.

85. An Act for dividing and inclosing the fever*. I Open

and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste

Grounds, within the Manor of Hampstead Norreys, in

the Parish of Hampstead Norreys, in the County of Berks

86. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and

Common Fields, called Stretton Common Field, and

certain Common or Waste Grounds, called Stretton

Heath, and Strcttcn Horse Slead, in the Parish of Stretton

on the Ff, in the County of Warwick*

87. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and

Common Fields, Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds,

Lammas Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the.

Hamlets and Liberties of Knightcot and Northend, in the

Parish of Burton Daffett, in the County of Warwick.

88. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable

Lands, within the Parift* of Naunton Beauchamp, in the

County of Worcester.

8;. An

c.

