A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 33. 193

their Hands and Seals, to elect and appoint one other Person a Commissioner in the Room of the Com mi f-

iioner lo dying, or rcluling to act; but Notice in Writing, or printed, and signed by the Clerk or Cl iks

shall be given to or left for such Commissioners at their last or ulual Place of Abode, one Day al ie.dt

before inch Electron ; an! all Per fons who shall be so elected and appointed (being qualified as herein aider

mentioned) are here oy veiled with the fame Powers and Authorities as any Commilhoner or Commissioners

hereby appointed is or are veiled with.

1*1. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable of adding as a Commission jr in No c-rmif.

the execution of this Act, during the Time he shall hoiti any Place of Profit, or enter in:o any Conti a-T, ,‘ >rtCrT. 1,1

or h-ve any dnaie or Interestin any Contract relating to the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act. il,ccor

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That i.o Person Hull be capable of acting a CommilMoner Qu.iifjcition of

in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the cupmiUioi.cu,

actual Polidlion and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents, Lines, or Profits of Lands, Tenements, cr He-

reditaments, of the clear ycarlv Value of sixty Pounds, or shall be Heir-appatent to fomc Per fun having

Each Lilatc of the clear ycaily Value of one hundred and twenty Pounds, or be polLiEd of or intitled unto

aptrlonai Elfate to the Amount or Value of two then land Pounds: And if any Perfn, r.ot being so Penalty on lSr-

cualilkd, shall prclume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, every such Perf n Hull, (o"s uct'.'■?>

for every such OfFcncc, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who 0. ,11 sue ,1U

/b 1 rhe fame in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or 0:1 the Cafe, Bid, Suit,

or Information, wherein no Eilbin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, (lull he

allowed ; and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforef. i I, or otherwise fh ill pay

the said Penalty, upon Proof given of his having acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the CommiHi^ncM

laid Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, to to anoint oiH-

appoint one or more Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Colledlots, Surveyor or Sur- ccr!#

vc,cr<9 with inch Allowances as shall bejudged reasonable by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of

them, at such Meeting or Meetings ; and also may, from time to time, appoint such other Officer or Offi-

cers as they fh.dl hnu nectlfiiry and convenient; and (hall or may take such Security as they shall think takeSecu-

proper from such Treasureror Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors, Surveyor or Surveyors, rity*

or other Officer or Officers so to be appointed as aforesaid ; and likewise may, from time to time, remove

any or either of Inch Officer or Officers, or orher Person or Persons, and appoint others in the Room of

such of them as shall be so removed, or that shall die; and such Commissioners as aforesaid shall and may, Corrimissiontr;

out or the Monies arising or to arile by virtue of this Act, pay or cause to be paid such Salaries or other to 1PPj,nt Uin-

Allowances as they shall judge reasonable to be paid or made to the Officers or other Persons so appointed, Cfrs ancj*

for jnd in conlidtration of his and their Office and Offices respectively, and to such other Person or Persons

a> have been or shall be aiding and assisting in and about the Execution of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any'Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or penalty on Offi*

Clerks, Collector or Collators, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, Servant or Servants, ceni

whuh fhull or may hereafter be appointed by the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, or any ^c‘r Uul.v» &c*

Tart thereof, shall exact, demand, take, or accept any Fee or Reward whatsoever, other than such Sala-

ries and Rewards as shall be appointed, allowed, and approved of by such Commissioners as aforesaid, for

or on account of any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, or for forbearing to do any Thing

ordered or directed by the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or on any Account whatsoever

relating to the Execution thereof, or shall any Way be concerned or interested in any Bargain made, or

to be made, by such Commissioners, or any of them, for any of the Purposes intended by this Act, every

Tcifon lo offending shall for ever he incapable of being employed under this Act, and shall, over and above,

ft >tfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, by Action of

Debt, Bill, PLint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record, within fix Month? next

alter the Otfcncc committed, wherein no Protection, Lifoin, or Wager of Law, or more than one Impar-

lance, Hull be allowed.

VII. And be it further enacted. That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall meet First M .f

together in the Vdlry-room in the said Parish, on the second Monday next after the passing of this Act, Co.r.nv.fii ».*n.

between the Hours of 'Ten in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, and shall proceed to the Exccu-

ti an of this Act; and shall then, and from time to time afterwards, adjourn them lei ves to meet at the Place

aforesaid, or at any other Place or Places within the said Parish, as such Commissioners shall think proper

cr convenient for putting this Act in Execution, and of which Adjournment Notice in Writing, or printed,

and signed by the Clerk or Clerks, shall be given to or left for such Commissioncis, at their l id or usual

TLcc or Places of Abode, one Day at lealt before such intended Meeting: And if it shall happen that

there Hull not appear at any Meeting which flnll be appointed to be had or held by fuel: Commissioners, a

ft:friticnt Number of such Commissioners as arc hereby appointed to constitute a Quorum to act at such

Meeting, and to adjourn to another Day ; then, and in such Cafe, the Clerk or ClerK^ uf such Corrsinif- Powrrt

sioners for the time bring shall, and is and arc hereby required to summon such Commissioners to meet at^JU,u*

the Phcc where the bill Meeting was appointed to be held, within eight Days next after the Day on which

fu» h Meeting was to have been ncld as aforesaid, futh Summons to be signed by the Clerk or Clerks, and

to be delivered at the lad or ifiual Place of Abode of such Commissioners, at lead two D .\s belLre inch

Meeting; and in calc the bid Lleik or Clerks Hull happen to die belorc full Summons ilfiud, or Hull

iv f Icffi o> dlue such Summons in Manner aforesaid, then the Trealurcr or Trtulurers lor th^ tree l»- n g

tj ‘rich Commissioners finii and may, and he or they is anJ are hereby required to iliac such Suimm »>.

V uL. XL C c v it.* a

