744

Wills to be in*

fwed*

Janicc3 to 3dmi4

jailer Oaths.

Borm of Coa.-

viction.

Cr>p vi,f! inns not

:cinyveab!e.

If Plaintiff re-

cover to have

lull Coils.

Plaintiff not to

recover if Ten*

der made.

How Penalties,

may be levied.

Writings to be

iwuhout St amfj.

2. 45. Anno deckno tertio Georgii IIP. A.D. 1*773.

be roaded, scoured, cleansed, opened, repaired and deepened, in a sufficient Manner of the Width*

aforesaid, at the proper Costs, Charges, and Expences of such Owners or Occupiers ; and that,

where-ever a Road or Way shall have beep made over or across any such Dike without a sufficient

Tunnel lying therein, to cause such Ways or Roads, to be taken up, and such Dike to be made of

a proper Width and Depth, for conveying the Waters through the fame to the several Mills or En-

gines erected, or to be erected, for draining the said Een Lands and Low Grounds, and by a War-

rant or Precept, under the Hands of Three or more of the said respective Commissioners, to levy alk

such Charges and Expences as shall be occasioned by deepening and widening die said Dikes, or taking

up the said Roads, on the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of the Lands through* which

the said Dikes shall pass, or to which they shall be contiguous, and who shall make or cause to be

made, such Road as afore said. '

LXXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said respe&jve Commis-

(ioners, or any Five or more of them, shall cause all and every the Engines and Mills which thill be

erected and- employed by virtue of this Act to be infored against Fire in some of the publick Insurance

Offices, and, from Time to Time, to pay the Expence attending, such Lnfurances out of the Money

arising by virtue of this Act.

LXXXI.. And be it further enacted. That in all.Cafes.wherein Jurisdiction is given to any Justice

or Justices of the Peace by this AcR it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Juftkes to admi-

nifter an Oath to any Person, for his or their more certain Information in the Matters depending ; and;

that any Justice of the Peace may ad as such in the Execution of this Act, notwithstandinghis being a.

Commissioner, except in Cafes where he shall be personally interested*

LXXXII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction. of Offenders against this<Ad, be it ehr-

acted by, the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Justice or Justices of the Peace, before, whom any.

Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act,shall ancFmay cause the Conviction

to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, as the Cafe shall, happen* or in any other Form,

of Words to the fame Efted :

County \J$E it remembered, That on the Day in the

of y Year of His Majesifs Reign, A. B. is convicted before of His.

Mfejlys ju/lices of the Peace for by virtue of an Act of the Thirteenth Tear of'

the Reign of His Majjejiy King George the Third, 44 For draining and preserving certain Fen v

44 Lands and Low Grounds, lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens,

u commonly called Bedford Level, between the old Rivers or Drains called Stoke River and!

44 Brandon River and axertain Level or District called Feltwell New District, and the Hard\

* Lands of Wood hall in Helgay and Helgay, in this Counties. ^Norfolk, and.Suffolk” \-

[specifying the Offence, and Time and Place when and where the fame was committed,

as the Cafe shall be]. Given under our Hands and Seals, [or Hand and Seal], the Day and

Year aj'or eft id., '

LXXXIII. And be it farther enacted, That no Ovder made touching or concerning any of the

Matters aforesaid, or any other Proceedings, to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or

Offenders against this Act, shall be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any. other Writ or Pro-*,

cess whatsoever, into any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster.

LXXXIV. Provided always. That where the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action,

he, (he, or they, shall be paid his, her, or their full Costs of Suit, and have the like Remedies for.

recovering the fame as for the recovering Costs in any other Cafe by Law*

LXXXV. Provided also, That no Plaintiff shall recover in any Action for any Irregularity, if

Tender of good and sufficient Amends shall have been made by or on Behalf of the Defendant or-

Defendants before such Action brought, nor if such Tender of Amends shall be made at any Time-

after the Action brought, and between Trial thereof, together with Costs. of Suit to the Time of:

such last-npentioned Tender; but on Proof made of such Tender on. any Trial to be had in fuc^

Action, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall suffer 'Judgement as in Cafes of* Nonsuit, with Double Costs

to be recovered in the same Manner as any Defendant or Defendants may recover Costs in any other

Cafe by Law. N

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted. That the said respective Cpmmissioners, or any Five or

more of them, (instead of levying the Penalties by this Act particularly imposed, and pcocecding

against the Offender or. Offenders in the summary Manner herein-before provided), may, at their

Lledtion, prefer and prosecute with Effect, a Bill or Bills of Indictment against such Offender or Of-

fenders, or may bring an Action or Actions in the Names of any Two or more of thfm, or in the

Name of their Treasurer or Clerk.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted. That no Order, Nomination, Appointment, Mortgage,.

Assignment, or othcF Security for borrowing Money, Contract, Agreement, Information, Conviction,

Judgement, Warrant, or other Writing, under the Hand or Hands, Hand and Seal, or Hands and'

Seals, of any Commissioner or Commissioners, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before

them, in pursuance of any of the Powers or Authorities by this Act vested in such Commissioner oc

Commissioners, Justice or Justices of the Peace, nor any Transfer of any Mortgage, Security, nor

any Bond taken from any Officers, ox his Sureties, in pursuance of this Act, for the dup Execution,

