282 C. 46.

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1771,

Cpn*ra£}s l>«?-

twcc-ii landlord

and reliant, not

to be a fie tied.

Owner* dif. XLIX. And whereas Provisions may have been formeily made by some Act or Acts of Parliament for

charged fium paving, or keeping in Repair, the lad Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, an 1 Yard, or some P.rt or Parts

a.iy io*.T.erAfts thereof,* Be it therefore further er.ailed. That when and as soon as any Raieor Mil-Ament shall be made,

for laid, or assessed, on the Owners or Occupiers of any Lands, Houses, Shops Warehouses, Ce.lars, Vaults,

or other Tenements, by virtue of this Act, such Owners or Occupiers respectively shall he no longer liable

to be charged to any Kate or A 111 Ament for and on account of such Lanes, Houses, Shops, YVaiehouses,

Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, by virtue or in pursuance of such former Act or Acts, or any of

them.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this AS contained shall be deemed, or

taken to make void any Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, between Landlord and Tenant, touching or

concerning the paving the said Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, or Yard, or any Part thereof, but that every

Person who is now, by virtue of any such Contract or Agreement, obiiged to pave, and keep in Repair,

any Part of the said Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, or Yard, shall, in lieu thereof, be o d ged to puy the

Rates hereby directed to be made and aticlTed, or so much thereof as shall, by the said Commissioneis, or

any seven or more of them, he dcenied jalb and reasonable, according to the true Meaning of such Con-

tract, Covenant, or Agreement, for and during such Time as such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement,

shall remain in Force; and in case any Dispute mall arise concerning such Contract, Covenant, or Agree-

ment, the said Commissioners, 01 any seven or more of them, shall have Power, and they are hereby re-

quired to hear, and finally determine the fame.

LI. And be it further enacted, That where any Part or Parts of the Pavements of the said Streets, Row,

Lane, Alley, or Yard, hath or have been accustomed, or ought to be paved an i repaired by any particular

Parish or Parishes, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and not by the Owners or Occupiers of the

Houses, or other Buildings adjoining to the Pavement of the said Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, or Yard,

the fame shall be paved and repaired at the Ex pence of the respective Parish or Parishes, Bodies Politic,

Corporate, or Collegiate, by the Pavior or Paviors contracting with or employed by the said Commil-

sioners.

LII. Provided always. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven

wnhiucbPaTfli or more l^em* ffom time to time, to compound and agree for the fame with any such Panfli or Parishes,

wj in a a. . or g0(jjcs politic. Corporate, or Collegiate, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Foot, or other Meafuie,

as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall think reasonable.

Power to botrow 4 LIII. And for the more effectually enabling the said Commissioners to execute the Purposes of this Act

Parises »Vc,

liable to trie

Rtpair of any

Part of the

Pavements, to

continue so.

Commissioner*

Money.

Money may be

kc rr >*cd on

Annuilic*.

Secnruy to be

ento'-eo in a

Book.

in the most expeditious Manner/ It is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

the said Commissionei s, or any nine or more of them, and they are hereby impowered from time to time,

when they shall judge it necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, to borrow, and take up at Interest, any Sum

or Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Rates or AfiefTments to be made, and payable by virtue of thia

Act, and by any Writing or Writings upon Vellum or Parchment without Stamps, signed by them, to af-

sign over the said Rates or Assessments to any such Person or Persons who shall advance or lend such Money

thereon, as a Security or Securities for the several Sums so borrowed, with Interest for the fame; which

Interest shall be payable., and paid half-yearly, by the Treasurer or TrCalurers to the said Commissioners

for the time being, out of the Monies to arise by or from the said Rates or Asseflinents.

4 LIV. And whereas many Persons may chuse to advance Money for the Purchase of Annuities, to be

4 secured upon, and payable out of, the Rates and Afteftrnents to be made by virtue of this Act ;* Be it

therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to contribute,

advance, and pay into the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, any Sum or Sums

of Money, for the Purposes of this Act, for the absolute Purchase of one or more Annuity or Annuities,

to be paid and payable during the full Term of the natural Life of such Person or Persons, being of the Age

of forty-five Years or upwards, as shall be nominated by, or on the Behalf of such respective Contributors,

at the Time of Payment of their respective Contribution-monies; which Annuity or Annuities shall not

exceed the Rate of nine Pounds per Centum per Annum for every one hundred Pounds, and so in Proportion

for any gieateror lei's Sum, to be advanced and paid as aforesaid; all which Annuities so to be purchakd,

shall be payable and paid by the said Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, out of the Monies to arile

by or from the said Rates and Aflillments, by quarterly Payments; the first Payment to be made to the re-

spective Purchasers, or their Assigns, at the Expiiation of three Months after Payment of their respective

Purchase-monies; the Rate whereof shall be settled and adjusted by a public Sale of the said Annuities, by

the said Commissioners, to the best Bidder for the fame; and that the total Sums to be borrowed on Life

Annuities, or at Interest, shall not exceed in the whole the Sum of twelve thou fend Pounds.

LV. And be it further enacted. T hat the Cleik to the said Commissioners for the time being, shall enter

in a Book or Books, to be for that Purpose provided and kept by the said Commissioners, all Securities for

Monies borrowed, or Annuities granted, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, and all Alignments or

7>amfers thereof, expressing in Words at Length the Naims, Surnames, Additions, Pfeces of Abode, and

other Descriptions of all such Persons as shall, from time to time, be intitled to such Securities, and the

Sums received upon such Securities; and also the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode, and

other Descriptions of the Persons for whose Lives the said Annuities shall be respectively granted, and the

Days whereon the said Annuities shall respectively be payable, to which Book and Books, the Person and

Persons intitled to, and po fie lied of such Annuities, and all and every the Person and Persons, liable to the

Payment of the said Rates and Afteftrnents, shall, at all feasonable Times, have Accel's, with free Liberty

to inspect the fame, without Fee or Reward.

7

LVI. And

