A. JD. 1773> Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

C. 84. 913

Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Post-Chaise, or other Carriage, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, out such Name#

a Sqm not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings. ordwith fJfe00*'

Ones, forfeit not exteeding 51. nor W« than lot.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One After Michael-

thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, the Tire of the Wheels of all Waggons, Wains, Carts, and mas 1776, the

Carriages, to be used upon any Turnpike Road, shall be coumerfunk in placing the fame upon the Tireof all Wagv

Fellies, in such Manner that the Nails shall not rife above the Surface, and that the Sole or Surface ^#?at&and ihe

of the Wheels shall be quite flat; and the Owner &f eveFy Carriage'offending therein shall forfeit Naijs funjtf0 ,

the Sum of Fctrty Shillings; and every Driver not being the Owner, the Sum of Twenty Shillings, not to rife above

for every Offence. the Surface.

LXX. , And whereas the Powers given by fevyal Turnpike Acts are ineffectual for the Purposes of When the

digging, providing, and carrying Materials, for the Use of me Turnpike Roads therein described, and Powers forpro-

also for the Pai pofcs of enlarging, diverting, and turning such Turnpike Roads, and flopping up, enL."*

felling, and dispofirrg of the old Roads so to be diverted and turned; and also for the making, opening, turning Turn-

and cTe.infing of Ditches and Drains, and the cutting and pruning of Hedges and Trees; and also for pike Roads, ma-

the calling forth and compelling the Performance of the Statute-duty which shall belong to such king Drains,

Turnpike Roads: And wherta^nore ample Powers* under ^proper Guards and Restrictions, have Pr“njj8 Hedges

been given, or may he given, for the fcycral Purposes aforesai%dT by certain Glaufes, Provisions, and

Regulations, contained, or to be contained, in the Act or Acts of Parliament made, or to be made, for Statute-duty,

the Amendment and Preservation of the Highways in general, (which Highways comprehend and are ioeffe£hraJ*.

include Turnpike Roads); and it may be more beneficial to the Turnpike Roid», and to the Publick,^ whe^tnore

if the Surveyors of Turnpike Roads were authorised, within their respective Limits, to apply Part of ?°pCr8

rhe Tolls and Statute-puty in carrying the said Powers into Execution, for the Use and Improvement p7fe* *re gWen

of such Turnpike Roads; be it therefore enacted, That the Surveyor* of every Turnpike Road, by the Highway

within that Part of Great Britain called England, shall and may, with the Approbation of the Trustees Act,

of every such Turnpike Road, apply any Part of the Tolls and Statute-duty arising to, from, or in the Surveyor of

respect of every such Turnpike Road, in the Execution of all and every the said Powers, Clauses, Tu!"P'kcfoa<i9,

^Provisions, and Regulations, which are, or shall be contained in the said Act or Acts of Parliament, of the*0*

for the Amendment and Preservation of the Highways, and shall and may execute and enforce the fjme T-uftecs, may

upon and to the Benefit and Improvement of such Turnpike Roads respectively, for the several Pur- execute and

poses aforesaid, as fully and amply, but upon*such Terms, under such Restrictions, and in such Man* e,vforcc ther<?

ner and Form, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Surveyor of any Parish, Township, or Place, can or f°xhl BP<n"fit4

may do, or apply the fame, by virtue of, or under such Act or Acts of Parliament. ©7the Turnpike

Roads, upon the

Terra*, and under the Reftti&ions, in the Highway A& s '

LXXI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That when any Materials shall be dug or But Satisfaction

got by the Survey or of any Turnpike Road, in the several or inclosed Lands or Grounds of any dull be made by '

rerfon or Persons, for the Use of any Turnpike Road, by or under the Authority of this Act, or of the Trustees of

the said Act or Acts, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Highways, Satisfaction shall be made 2*_Tu/np,[?

by the Trustees of such Turnpike Road to the Owner or Occupier of such Lands or Grounds, for such Material*

the Man rials so to be dug or got, and also for the Damages in carrying away the fame, in such Man- af are got in fe-

ner as Satisfaction is or shall be required to be made for the Damages occasioned by the digging, get- veral or inclosed

ting, and carrying away the Materials in several or inclosed Lands or Grounds, by virtue of the said Act Land* or

or Acts for the Amendment and Preservation of the Highways. Ground*.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Forms of Proceedings relative to the several Matters The Form* of

contained in this Act, which are set forth and expressed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, shall be Proceedingscon-

used upon all Occasions, with such Additions or Variations only as may he necessary to adapt them to In thT

the particular Exigencies of the Cafe; and that no Objection shall be made, or Advantage taken, for anVno

want of Form*in any. such Proceedings, by any Person or Persons whomsoever. Objeaionor Ad-

vantage shall be

taken for want of Form.

1

LXXIII. And, to enforce further a due Observance of this Act, be it enacted, That every Con- Constables, Sur-

stable, Headborough, or Tithingman, refusing or neglecting to put this Act into Execution, or to ac- and J11

count for and deliver any Forfeiture or Penalty, according to the Directions of this Act, and every Salaric*,

Surveyor of any Turnpike Road, and every Toll-gatherer, and all other Persons employed, or to be em-refusing toexe-*

ployed, by Trustees appointed, or to be appointed, for the repairing Roads, as do or (nail receive Sala- cute the Aa, and

ries or Rewards, who shall wilfully neglect, for the Space of One Week after the Offence commited, wilfully negiect-

to lay such Information upon Oath before One or more of His Majesty’s Ju dices of the Peace for theofonderir£rutc

Limit wherein such Offence was committed, as by this Act is directed, shall, upon due Information On«w«k ifter

made upon OMh before One of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said Limit, forfeit for every the Offence

such Neglect, the Sum of Ten Pounds. committed, for-

LXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Conviction shall be had or made by Conviction,

virtue of this Act, unless upon Confession of the Party accused, or upon the Oath of One or more on what Evi-

credible Witness or Witnesses; and that any Inhabitant of any Parift), Township, or Place, in dence to be made-

which any Offence shall be com mi ted contrary to this Act, shall be deemed a competent Witness, not-

withstanding his or her being an Inhabitant of such Parish, Town&ip, ar Place; and that any^u- ^uluuning

