714 C. 40. Anno decirno terti©'GeorCiiIIL 'A/D. 1773*

orne and pi\6 by the Person or Perforts so neglecting of rcrfufiAt, *nd be recovered: by Distiefe and

ale of the Goods and Chattels of the rerfon or Person9 so neglecting or refilling, in such and the

same Manner as the Rates and Taxes by this Act are herein-before directed to be recovered.

Commissioner* XXIIf. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That if any 1'rccs or Holts are now growingia

to have Power the said Second Drftrict, within the Distance of Forty Poles from any Mill or Engine already built,

to mno?e Treet or hereafter to be built, within the said District, or upon any of the Banks within the said Dtftrice, or

pl«^8»mkio6 within Ten Feet of such Banks, it shall and may be lawful for the said Corwtmflioners, or any Five

SatiffcOfotiito 9r more of them, by a like Order under their Hands and Seals, to order the fame to be taken up or

the Owners. pulled down, as if the fame had been planted since the passing of this Act, making such Satisfaction

out of the Monies aiifing by virtue of this or the said former Act to the Owner or Owners of such

Trees or Holts as shall be agreed upon between such Owners and the said Commissioners; and in c*fe

ariy Difference or Dispute lnall arise between the Commi/Ronera and such Owner, touching) such Sa-

tisfaction, and the feme cannot be settled between them, then fitch Satisfaction and Recompense shall

be finally settled and determined by Two Justices of the Peace for the said Isle of Ely, (not iiUotefttd

in the Premises), whose Determination shall bc-final to all Parties.

. DUh*6 not*- XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress (half be

Uwful for want made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by Virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be

of F<*n. deemed unlawful, nor the Party ot Parties making the feme be deemed a Trespasser or Trefoaffers, on

account of any Defect or want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Notice, Warrant of Distress, or

Other Proceedings relating thereto 5 nor shall the Party or Patties distraining be deemed a Trtfpaffer or

*Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or

Parties distraining, but the Person or persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfac-

tion for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

4 XXV. And Whereas the Navigation from the River Nen to the Towa of Thomey had used. Time

Manner former- immemorial, to be carried on through The Dog and Doublet Sluicey in the North Bank of AfcreWt

Navigation on I Leant, alone a certain Cut called The Delph or Slype River, in the said Second District of the said

the River Nen ‘ North Level, unto a certain Bridge called The.Stone, otherwi fe Red Lyon Bridge y in the said Lord ship

to »he Town of c of Thornf)\ which said Sluice and Delph or Slype River have been. Time immemorial, and were the

Thqrwy. 4 sole Property of the-most Noble John Duke of Bedford, and his Ancestors, Owners of Thomey aforesaid ;

4 but, since the paflipg of the said AS of the said Twemy-seventh Year of His late Majesty King

4 George the Second* the said Navigation has been obstructed by fonac Works made by the Commis-

4 sioners for executing the Powers of the said Act within the said Second District, and the Navigation

4 from the said Rivet Nen to the Town oi'Thorny, aforesaid has, since that Time, being carried along

4 Thomey Dikey from Knar Lake to the said Stone > otherwise Red Lyon Bridge, which is attended with

4 great inconvenience to the said Navigation, and the draining of Thomey Lordfoip aforesaid,

4 well as of xhe feid Second District;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That it

,shall and may be lawful for the Devrfees in Tmft under the Will ofsherfaid Jahn late Duke of Bedford^

and the Survivor and Survivors of them, and the Executors and Admim(trators-of such. Survivor,

during the Minority of the Duke of Bedford, for the Time being, and, after his attaining the Age oF

. Twenty-one Years, for the Duke of Bedford, his Heirs and Assigns, and he and they is and are here-

: by authorised and impowered to make One Pen Sluice in the said Delph or Slype River next the counter

Drain in the said Second District, and also One other Pen Sluice in the said Delph or JSlype River next

Thomey Dike, in the said District, and to remove the Dame in the said Delph or Slype River against the

, counter Drain and Thomey Dike aforesaid; and also to lay a Tunnel under the said Delph or Slype River,

where the Mill Drain now crosses the fame, Seven Feet below the Level of the Lands adjoining thereto,

and Ter\ Feet wide; and also to scour out and deepen the said Delph or Slype River in the said Second

District, from the counter Drain to.Thornpj Dike aforesaid,.Four Feet.below the Level of the lowest

{ Land adjoining-to the fame.

'XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when the’Water in Thomey

^row^Wrt«r jyjfo aforesaid, Weft ward, or above the pointing Doors, hereafter directed to be placed in the said

Dike. 1 Dike, shall be higher than the Level of the lowest whole Lands in said.Second District, by any or

. either of the Mills or Engines in the said Lordfhtp of Thomey throwing the Water into the said Dike

Westward, or above the said pointing Doors, the said Devisees, and the Survivors and Survivor of

them, and the Executors and Administcators of such Survivor, during the Minority of the Duke of

Bedford for the Time being, and afterwards the Duke of Bedford, his Heirs and Assigns, shall work

. One Mill or Engine standing near the lower End of.rhe feid Thomey Dike, todrain the Water out of the

feme, for which Rurpose a pair of pointing Doors, or Flood-gates, shall be placed and kept in the said

Thomey Dike, a little above the Place where said Mill now stands; and in case at any Time the Water

in the said Thomey Dike shall be above the Level of the lowest whole Lands in the said Second

District, by any or either of the Engines or Mills in Thorney Lordship throwing into the said Dike,

Westward, or above the said pointing Doors, and the said Mill or Engine near the lo-ver End of the

fame, shall not work at the Dike to throw the Water out of the said Dike, that it shall *nd maybe

lawful for any Five or more of the Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, by virtue of this

Act, or by the said former Act, for the said Second District, to give Notice in Writing under their

Hands to the Steward of the said Devisees, or of the Duke of Bedford, (such Notice to be left at the

Manor-house in Thomey aforesaid), that the Water in the said Dike, called Thorney Dike, Westward,

or above the said pointing Doors, is higher than the Lands in the said Second District, by any or

either of the Engines or Mills m Thomey Lordfhipjhrowing into the said Dike above the said pointing

Doors,

, Power of Com*

. miHionen with

. respeffc to the

Water Engine

at the Bottom

of Thofney

. DJce.

Nate of Bu-

ford* present

Powers under

- Mtthod^f

