S 8 C. i

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 177 r,

ing Wheel-bar-

rows or C*lks

on the Foot-

w»y.

Tnclofnres may

I e made for the

P’irgofeofIJulid-

j ni-

within five Days* together with the Charges of removing and keeping the fame ; and in case the fame shall not be claimed*

to be sold, and the said Sum of ten Shillings and Charges paid, within the Space of five Days next after such Seizure*

it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five 01 more of them, to cautc the

fame to be sold, and the Monies arising therefrom shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

Penalty cn dnv. XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall lead, run, riJc, drive, dravr,

or cause to be led, run, driven, or drawn, any Horse, Mule, or other Beall ; or any Coach, Chariot,

Cart, or Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Truck, Cask, Wheel barrow, or any other Carriage whatsoever,

on any Part of the Foot Pavements of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, W ays, or other

public Passages, every such Person or Persons shall forfeit, for the first Offence, the Sum of ten Shillings,

for the second Offence the Sum of twenty Shillings, and for the thud and every other Offence the Sum

of forty Shillings.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons shall and may creel

or let up, or .cause to be erecSlcd or let up, in the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways,

’and other public Paffagcr, or any of them, any Inclosure, Polls, Bars, or Rails, or ocher Matters or

Things, for the Purpose of making Mortar, and depositing Bricks, Lime, or other Materials for buildir^

or repaii ing any Houses, Buildings, or other Works ; every such Person or Persons first obtaining Leave

under the Hand of the Surveyor or Clerk for the time being of the said Com miff oners, whicA he is

hereby impowered to give, by their Permission, signed by two or more of them ; but if any Person or Per-

fons shall erc& or set up, or cause to be erected or set up, any such Inclofuces, Posts, Bars, or Rails, cr

any other Matter or Thing for the Purposes aforesaid, without such Leave first had and obtained, every

such Person shall, for every such Offence* forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Shillings for every

Hour such Inclosure, Matter, or Thing, as aforefard, shall remain and continue.

Housestobe XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may

numbered, and order and dircA the Houses or other Buildings within the said Streets, Squares, Lancs, Courts, Alleys,

painted°fStrCCtS ^aVs> ant^ other public Passages, or any of them, to be numbered with Figures, placed or painted on ttic

panic , Doors thereof, or on such other Part of the said Houses and Buildings respeAively as they the said Com-

miliioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper; and may also order and direct to be engraved,

painted, or otherwise described, on a conspicuous Part of some House or other Building, at or near the

End or Corner of each of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public Paf-

sages, the Names by which such respective Streets, Squares, Lancs, Courts, Alleys, \Vravs, or other

public Passages, are usually or properly called or known ; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or

maliciously destroy, injure, obliterate, or deface any such Number, Figure, Name, or Description, or

any Part thereof, or cause and procure the fame to be done, and shall he convicted thereof by his or their

own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more Just ice

-or Justices of the Peace afling in and for the County, Liberty, or Place, where such Offence shall be

committed ; every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of

tw'enty Shillings.

ProaUyonde- XXXV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the first: Meeting of the find Commissioners,

freing the fame, the said Com mi ffioners, or any five or more of them, shall and may cause all Signs, or other Emblems to

denote the Trade or Calling of any Person or Persons which then, or at any Time after, shall be placed

or hung in any Part of the said Streets, Squares, Lancs, Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public Passages,

to be fixed or placed on the Fronts of such Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings respectively, where-

unto the fame shall l*elong ; and also shall and may cause all Sign-posts, Sign-irons, rolls, Boards, Spouts,

Gutters, Pent-houses, Butchers Gallowfes, or other Things occasioning any ObstruAion, Nuisance, or

Annoyance in the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Aileys, Ways, or other public Passages, or any

of them, to be taken down, removed, or alccreJ, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any five

end placefi in the or more of them, shall think most proper and convenient: And that for the future all Signs, Emblems,

Front of the * Boards, Spouts, or Gutters, shall he placed or fixed on the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses,

Houses. or ftujidjngs whereunto they respectively belong, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them,

Nuisance*. shall direct, and not otherwise: And if any Person or Persons shall, at any l ime thereafter, hang, place,

erect, or build, any Sign, Sign-poll, or Sign-iron, Board, Spout, or Gutter, or cause the lame to be done,

in any other Manner than aforesaid, or shall in any Manner occasion any Obllruclion, Incroachment,

Nuisance, or Annoyance in the said Streets, Squares, Lancs, Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public

Pemlty on pla- Passages, every such Person shall, for the first Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of live Pounds; for the

cing Signs other- fcccn(j Offence, the Sum of ten Pounds ; and for the third and every oilier Offence, the Sum of twenty

inovVoccs,°firft”' Pounds 5 together w ith all Costs, Charges, and Expences, which Avail be paid or laid out by the said Com-

Offcncc 101.&c. missioners for removing or altering the lame; such Colls, Charges, and Expences, to be recovered by

Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record, or in the Court of Request for the

Liberty of the Tozver Hamlets.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enadlcff, That if any Sign, Sign-iron, or Post, Board,

Gutters, Spout, Pent-house, or other Projection, or any Part thereof, shall remain unuied after the Al-

teration made thereto as before directed, the fame shall be returned to, and be the Property of the Peribu

to whom the fame belonged before such Removal or Alteration.

St«*p$and S!of« 4 XXXVII. And whereas the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public

to be icfiioicd. pafragCS9 are jn some Parts thereof greatly obstruAcd, and made dangerous to Foot Pailengers, by Steps or

Slopes being brought out from Houses, and by Steps and Doors going down into Cellars, Vaults, or other

Places, and by Shew-glasses, Shew'-boards, or other Matters or Things projecting from Shops or Houses,

over and beyond the Area belonging tg such House, or into the Foot-ways / Be it therefore fat ther enacted,

Ti;ac

Signs to be re-

moved.

Unnfcd Sign-

irons to be ie-

turned.

