A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii UF. C. 26. 411

Re-survey shall be borne, and paid by the said Commissioncfs out of the Rates and Taxes of such

District where such Re-survey shall be taken as aforesaid.

• XII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Tax

and Sum of One Shilling an Acre so to be aflTcfled, rated, raised, and received, as aforesaid, and also hVbs

all Sums of Money to be oorrowed and received on the Credit thereof, in Manner herein before-men- ipjiied.

tinned, (bail, from Time to Time, be applied and disposed of by the CommiAoners for putting this

Act into Execution, or the major Part of them, who shall be present at any General Meeting, in

Manner following ; that is to say. In the First Place, in paying and defraying the Charges and Ex-

nences of this Act, and of taking the said Survey, according to an equal and proportionable Acre

Rate or Tax of the several Lands contained in the said Upper and Lower Districts; and, in the next

Place, for and towards the repairing, heightening, and (lengthening the said Banks of the said River

Nene and Forty Feet Drain, and such other general Banks included in the said general Works., from

the Tenth Day of October iaft pad to the Commencement of this Act; and after Payment thereof for

and towards the supporting, repairing, heightening, (lengthening, amending, and maintaining the

said Banks of the said River Nene and The Forty Feet Drain% in Fuch good and substantial Manner as

shall be sufficient to prevent the Waters in the said River or Drain from running over the fame, and in

making up and repairing any Breach or Breaches which shall at any Time or Times after the passing of

this Act happen therein, or in any other Part or Parts thereof.

XIII. Provided always. That the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, in the said Upper Districts, Monte*irifin*ta

shall be applied for and towards the Repairs of such Part of the Bank of the said River Nene and Forty

Fret Drain as lies between Carters Bridge and Copald:r House aforesaid, from the said Tenth Day oft,owtobcapplicd*

October lad pad, and the Moiiies arising in the said Lower or Fifth District, from the Commence-

raer*t of this Act, for and towards the Repairs of such Part of the Bank of the said River Nene as

lies between the said Copalder House and the said Lands of the said John Houfrbold in Borough Moore

aforesaid.

K XIV. And, in order that the said Banks may be properly repaired, drengthened, and heightened,* °<Jer*| Co1*-

be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said

General Commissioners of the Upper District, or any Nine or more of them, to borrow, take up, and f0t \tnjAnkiik^

receive, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, upon the

Credit of the said Tax, Rate, or Afl'eflment of One Shilling per Acre, to be raised within the said Four

Fird Districts, and upon the Lands of the said William Fellowes, Francis Ihberfon, David Burgess, and

Thomas Burgejs; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the said Lower or

Fifth District, or any Seven or more of them, to borrow, take up, and receive, any Sum or Sums of

Money, not exceeding the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the said Tax, Rate, or

Affef.ment of One Shilling per Acre to be raised within the said Lower or Fifth Didrift, and by Writ-

ing under the Hands and Se.ds of any Seven or more of them, to mortgage, charge, aifign, and convey

or incumber the said Tax or Rate of One Shilling per Acre so to be addled and levied upon the said Fen

Lands and Low Grounds in the said Lower or Upper Districts respectively, with and for the Repay-

ment of the Sums so borrowed, with such Interest, at such Times, and with such Provisoes and Con-

ditions of Redemption as shall be agreed upon $ and that such Money shall be Separately and distinftly

borrowed for the Use and Puipoie of supporting, heightening, and (trengthening the said Banks within

the faiJ Upper and Lower Districts respectively, as before mentioned, and for no other Purpose

whatsoever. T

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Tax shall not, A^enot

duiing the Time any Principal or Interest Money shall he due and owing on the several Securities there- leiTened lb long

of, be less in any One Year than the said Sum of One Shilling per Acre. »* *ny Money i«

due thereon.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Mortgages and Securities Securities »T-

£> to be made by the said Commiftjoneis of the said Rate and Tax of One Shilling per Acre, arising as *nd t*

aforesaid, shall and may be allignable and transferable by Indorsement on the otiginal Grant or Secu-

ritics thereof, to any Person or Pci Tons whomsoever $ and the Person or Persons, to whom such Assign- p^po^

ment or Transfer shall be made, (lull and mav. from and after the Time that the fame is entered in a

Book to be kept for that Purpose for the said Upper and Lower Districts respectively, be well and fu(S-

ciently intitled to such Mortgage Monies-and Interest, and all the Monies due and to grow due thereon;

which Enterics are hereby required to be made on Request, and producing such Assigntr^ent, and paying

Two Shillings and Sixpence for every such Entry; and such Assignce or Assignecs, and every other

Afiigi ec or Assignees, shall and may, in like Manner, by Indorsement or otherwise, assign and make

over such Mortgage or Mortgages and Sccuritit s, so assigned as aforesaid, and so tones quoties, as Oc-

casion shall require, every such Alignment or Transfer being entered in such Book as aforesaid.

XVII. Provided always, and it i* hereby enacted. That the said Tax or AlVeifinent of One Shilling TJX0*.

ter Acre to be raised by virtue of this Act, on the Lands and Grounds herein-before mentioned, shall Ci'hPijrnenc of

be charged with the Payment of the Principal-monry lo ro be borrowed by the said Commissioners as the Pnnopal-

jforefaio ; and the Interest of such Money, from Time to Time, shall veil in the Creditors of the said nonet, and veil*

Two Districts*respectively, upon Default of Payment of such Principal-money and Interest, until the 40 Cieduon,

fame, and every Part thereof, shall he fully satisfied and paid, together with the Costs and Charges oc-

cafioned by the Non-payment thereof; and the said Creditors, their Executors, Administrators, and

Affigm, respectively, shall have the fame Powers, Rights, and Privileges, of aftcl&ng, raising, and rc-

3 G * covering

