291

A.D. i77r. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 52.

Bushels, nor more than twelve Quarters of Malt, nor more than seven hundred and an half of Bricks,

4 nor more than one Chaldron of Coals, on Fain that the Person offending therein shall forfeit and lofc any

4 one of rhe Horses, together with the Tears, Bridies, and Halters therewith used, to any Person who

4 shall seize the fame: And whereas, by another Act made in the fourth Year of his present Majesty’s A£4 Geo. j#

4 Reign, for pavir.g, cleansing, and removing Annoyances in Westminster, and in the Weekly Bills of

4 Mortality, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, it is provided by a Clause in the said Act, that no

4 Person shall carry at any one Load within the Limits mentioned in the above recited Act of the sixth of

4 King George the.First, in any Waggon, or Cart, having the Wheels thereof shod or bounffwith Tire or

4 Streaks of iron, more than one Chaldron of Coals with the Ingrain thereto belonging, after the Rate of

4 one Chaldron for every twenty Chaldrons: And whereas considerable Quantities of Meal, Malt, and

4 Coals, are carried from the said Cities into the Country, and considerable Quantities of Meal and Malt

4 from the Country into the said Cities, in Waggons and Carts, having the Wheels thereof (hod or bound

4 with Iron, within and from beyond the Distance of ten Miles from the said Cities, and many Owners of

4 such Waggons and Carts, apprehending they were allowed to carry upon the Turnpike Roads near the

4 said Cities the Weights fixed by the Act passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, A^7Cco. j.

4 intituled, An Act to explain, amende and reduce into one Act of Parliament the General Laws now in being,

4 for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, have fullered the

4 Penalties inilidted by the said Acts of the sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, for carrying

4 greater Quantities of Meal, Malt, and Coals, than are allowed by the said Acts: And whereas it will

4 be more convenient to the Public, if the said Act of the sixth of King George the First, so far as it relates A^ 6 Cco*

4 to the Carriage of Meal, Malt, and Coals, and also the said Clause in the said Act of the fourth of his pre- And Chuse in

4 sent Majesty, were repealed ;* Be it therefore further enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid, That so much At^Ceo. 3.

of the said Act of the sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, as relates to the Carriage of Meal, chuse ia Act

Malt, and Coals, and also the said Clause in the Act of the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, 6 Geo. 1.

shall be, and the fame are hereby repealed; and that all Persons who have offended in the Matters aforesaid, repealed,

against the said Acts, or either of them, and who have not been already prosecuted to Conviction, shall be,

and are hereby indemnified for what they have so done.

V. And whereas, a considerable Quantity of that Species of Barley, commonly called Bigg, of the ^of ,he

4 Growth of the Islands of Orkney, is now in the Hands of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, in the said ot Ork-

4 Islands, which from its inferior Quality is altogether unfit for any Household Ufcs, and if not permitted nfy#

4 to be exported to Portugal, and other Places, for the feeding ot Mules and Horses (the only Use this

4 Species of Grain is fit for) will be entirely loft to the Owners:* For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by

the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Order or Or- by his Majesty*

ders, to be made in Council for that Purpose, under such Limitations and Reductions, as shall beexpressed

in such Order or Orders, to permit and authorise the Exportation of any Quantity or Quantities of such exceeding 500©

Barley or Bigg, not exceeding five thousand Quarters, of the Growth of the Islands of Orkney, from the 5

Port of Kirkwall to the Kingdom of Portugal, or elsewhere \ any Law or Statute to the contrary notwith- to the Kirpdom

Handing. of Portugal, Ac.

VI. Provided nevertheless, That no Bounty or Allowance whatsoever, shall be granted or paid, in respect No Bounty tob«

Of such Barley or Bigg, to be exported as aforesaid. P*,d for such

Barley so ex-

ported.

CAP. LII.

An Act for repairing, amending, and supporting the several Harbours and Sea Ports in the

Isle of Man.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

I 17 HEREAS the Isle of Man, from its Situation in the Middle of Saint George’s Channel, aff>rds a Preamble,

convenient Refuge for Ships, in enfe of fudilen and cross Gales of Wind, which frequently happen

in those narrow Seas, and therefore the Preservation of votir Majesty’s Ships, »nd the Interest of! rade

and Navigation in general, require that the several Sea Ports and Harbours thereof, now veiled in your

Majesty, should be maintained and supported in proper Condition and Repair: And whereas the Duties

4 formerly imposed for this Purpose by the Statures of the said island, arose almost entirely from the Con-

4 traband Trade carried on there, which being totally suppressed iincc the Purchase thereof by your Mi-

4 jelly, the Fund for maintaining the Harboirs has failed, and tncy are become ruinous, and likely to fall

4 entirely to Decay, unless fornc other Funds are provided ’ Now therefore, vve your Majesty’s most du-

tiful and loyal SubjcdN, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assemblcJ, do most humoly belecch

your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted determined by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

afterrbled, and determined by the Authority of the same, That all Sams of Money that have been raised, 1 v ied, col- All Sum* levied

lecitd, or paid, by viriue of all or any the Statutes of the said lfl.rnd, for or on account of the Harbours ^a^ru,c0fthe*

therein, at any Time or Times from and al:er the (cventeenth Day of May, in the Year one thousand

seven hundred and (ixty-five, (at which Time the said IflamJ became veiled in his Majesty) until the fifth colint©tvi-:Ut-

Day of Juh, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sevenry one, and which have or shall have been b. jrthc;.- *,

paid into the Hands of his Majesty’s Receiver-general of the said island, or his Deputy, shall be by him or»i‘«:A-qr 1;,

them, or under his or their Direction, immediately laid out or employed for or towards the Repairs of the

several Harbours in the said island; and the said Receiver- general or his Deputy shall forthwith transmit ^VdTtli^Rc-

P p 2an

