Anno undecimo Georgii III

A.D. 1771V

290 C. 5 w

CAP. LI.

An A«5t for continuing several Laws for the better Regulation of Laftage and Balaftage in

the River Thames; for the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in De-

fiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and for the landing of Rum or Spirits of the

British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise j for repealing so much

of an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled.

Act for preventing the Carriage of excessive Loads of Meal, Malt, Bricks, and Coalst within

ten Miles of the Cities of London and Westminster, as relates to the Carriage of Meal, Malt,

and Coals*, and for authoring the Exportation of a limited Quantity of an inferior Sort

of Barley, called Bigg,from the Port of Kirkw,in the Islands of

Act 6 Geo

and AO 32

Geo. 2.

AOs 1 5 & 16

Ceo. 2*

Ptcamblcr ‘ WJ HEREAS the Laws herein after-mentioned have, by Experience, beervfound useful and bene-

ficial, and arc near expiring May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and

be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Ix>rJs

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled; and by the Authority of the

fame. That an Act mode in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so*

the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballaftage in the River Thames, which was to continue in Force from>

the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, for five Years* and from thence to the

Act 11 Ceo. 2. End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the eleventh Y^arof the Reign.

of his said late Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, for seven Years, and from

Act 18 Geo. *. thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act made in the eight-

eenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, for

eleven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another

Act made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was amended and further contU

nued until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, and from thence to

further continued the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the

nit June 24* Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and

from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the fifteenth

and sixteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, 4 An Adtto im-

4 power the Importers or Proprietors of Rum, or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, to land the

4 fame before Payment of the Duties of Excise charged thereon, and to lodge the fame in Warehouses at

4 their own Expence; and for the Relief of Ralph Barrow, in respect to the Duty on some Rock Salt, loft

4 by the Overflowing of the Rivers Weaver and Dane,* as relates to the landing of Rum, or Spirits, of the

British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise, and to the lodging of the fame in Ware-

houses, at the Expence of the Importers or Proprietors thereof, which was to continue in Force from the

twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, to the twenty-ninth Day of

September, one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Sef-

fion of Parliament; and which by several subsequent Acts of the twenty-third and thirty-first Years of the

Reign of his late Majesty, and the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued

until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and from thence to

t 2 1- 1 r^e t^len next ^e^on Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from

tv!he*continuedrl?c Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-

cighr, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the nine-

teenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, 4 An Act for the further

4 Punishment of Persons going armed or difguifea in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and for

4 indemnifying Offenders against those Laws, upon the Terms therein mentioned, and for the Relief of

4 Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizure?,* as relates to the further Punishment of Persons

going armed or di^gtiiled in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and to the Relief of Officers of

the Customs in Informations upon Seizures, which was to continue in Force for seven Years, from the

twenty-fourth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and forty-six, and from thence to the End of the

then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts of the twenty-sixth and thirty-

second Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and the fourth Year of his present Majesty, was further

continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and

from thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further

continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hun-

dred and seventy-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

4 IV. And whereas, by an Acct made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late A4ajesty King George the

and Act* 13&

3 ( Geo 2. und

4 Geo. 3.

continued till

till Sept. 29.

177?.

Act 19 Geo. i.

Aifhercnno-

mied till Sept*

a9i '7:8.

Act 6 Geo. x*

Bushels,

