204

Where Mate-

rials for Foot-

ways may be

lodged.

Rates not to

exceed 2 %. in

the Pound*

Commencement

of Rates.

An additional

Hate, &c. on

ffw paving

Squares, Sec,

F.k Sorrowing

Money.

An; Ijjation of

ALnLs.

F'’r printing

Annuities.

C. 33. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

along the Front of their respective Houses and Tenements, or cause the fame to be feraped, swept, and

cleansed; and in Default thereof shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of two Shillings,

to be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of one or more Justice or Justices of

the Peace for the said County, upon the Oaths of two or more credible Witnesses, which Oath the said

Justice or Justices of the Peace is and are hereby required and impowered to administer.

LX. And it is hereby further enacted, That during the Time any Square, Street, Lane, Court, Yard,

Alley, Passage, or Place, shall be new-paving or repairing under the Direction of the said Commissioners,

they shall have Power to order the necessary Materials to be lodged in that or any adjoining Street or Place,

or Streets or Places, according to their Discretion, as also to stop the Way through any adjacent Square,

Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Alley, Passage, or Place, so long as they shall judge necessary; and all Per-

fons acting under their Direction as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified from any Prosecution or Action

whatsoever, except where such Materials shall be lodged upon or over or within fix Feet of the Fire-plug

or Cock; and no such Materials shall be deposited in or near the End of any Street or Place, in such Man-

ner as to prevent the Admission of Fire-engines.

LXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the puffing of this Act,

one or more Rate or Rates, Assessment or Afieliments, shall, for the Purposes of repairing, cleansing,

lighting, and watching the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Pafljges, and Places, within

the Limits aforesaid, be made, laid, and a fie fled by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or any seven or

more of them, once in every Year, or oftener, if they shall judge it needful, upon all and every Person and

Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, use, occupy, possess, or enjoy any Land, Ground, House, Shop,

Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, in any of the

said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, in such competent Sum and

Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall order and direct, so as such Rate or Rates, Assessment or

Assessments, do not exceed in the Whole the Sum of two Shillings in the Pound in any one Year, accord-

ing to the yearly Rent or Value of such Lands, Grounds, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houles,

Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, situate as aforesaid.

LXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said fiift Rate or Rates, AlTdT-

ment or Afl'eflments, shall commence from the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred

and seventy-one; and every such future Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall commence from

the Time that the last preceding Rates or Assessments ended, and not otherwise; and the Monies therein

and thereby charged and aiTcflcd shall be payable and recoverable, Quarterly, in Manner herein after di-

rected.

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as soon as the said Com-

missioners shall have caused any Square, Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Alley, Passage, or Place within the

Limits aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof, to be new-paved, it shall and may be lawful to and for the

said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, as soon as conveniently may be, and so in like Manner

yearly, or oftener, if Occasion shall require, to make, lay, and assess upon all and every Person and Per-

fons who door shall inhabit, hold, use. occupy, possess, or enjoy any such Land, Ground, House, Shop,

Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament respectively, as

far as such new Pavement shall extend (excepting such Squares, Streets, and Places, as shall be new-paved

at the Request of Three Fourths of the Inhabitants of any such Square, Street, or Place, in the Manner

herein before directed) a further Sum not exceeding Sixpence in the Pound of the yearly Rent or Value of

such Lands, Grounds, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Building?,

Tenements, or Hereditaments respectively, to commence from the Time that such new Pavement shall be

respe*£iively completed.

LX IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and they are hereby impowered, from time to time,

when they shall judge it necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum

or Sums of Money as any Person or Persons is or are willing to lend and advance upon the Credit of the

said several Rates or Assessments; and by any Writing or Writings, upon Vellum or Parchment, signed

by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to assign the said Rates or Assessments, or any

Part thereof, to any Person or Pei Ions who shall advance and lend such Money thereon, as a Security or

Securities for the several Sums so borrowed, with Interest for the fame; which Interest shall be payable

and paid Half-yearly by the Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, out of the Monies to a rife by or

from the said Rates or Assessments.

LXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Sum or Sums of Money, when

so received by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at any Meeting to be held in pur-

fun nee of this Act, or by their Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, the Lmo shall be deposited in

the Bank of England, and thence ifi’ued and applied by such Commissioners, or any seven or more of them,

for the Purposes of tins Act.

LXV71* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

any Person or Persons to contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any

seven or more of them, for the Purposes of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money for the absolute Purchase

of one or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the full Tern of the natural Life of

such Persons as shall be nominated by and on Behalf of such rclpective Contributors at die 1 ime of Pay-

ment of their respective Contribution-monies to be advanced and paid as aforesaid; al* which Annuities ib

to be purchifed shall be payable and paid by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Commissioners for the time

be.ng, out of the Monies-to arise by or from the said Rates and Assessments, by four equal quarterly Pay-

ments,

