8i8 C. 63.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

A.D. 177s.

F*nrcm; Court

t > hiar and dz-

tw-rirr'ic lr.di^-

rmr.ts and In-

l"^r .nations.

I/'imtation of

AtFoas before

the Utd Cjurt.

• Governor-

such Debt, or Cause of Action or Com .hint, fn \)\ have arisen, have been employed by, or shall then

h*ive been, directly or indheftly, in the oeivice ut the said United Company, orof any of His Majesty’s

Subjects.

XV. Provided also, That the said Court shall not be competent to hear, try, or determine, any In-

distment or Information against tic said Governor-general, or any of the said Council for the Time

being, for any Offence (not being Treason or Felony) which fitch Governor-general, or any of the

said Council, shall or may be charged with having committed in Bengal^ Bahar, and OriJJiu

XVI. Provided also, and be ir enacted, That the said said Supreme Court shall hear and deter-

mine any Suits or Actions whatsoever of any of His Majesty’s Suhjefts, against any Inhabitant of

hil'u7 rcliding ip any of the fa.d Kingdoms or Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, or Oriffa, or any of them,

upon any Contract or Agreement in Writing entered into by any of the said Inhabitants with any of

His Majesty’s said Subjects, where the Cause of Action shall exceed the Sum of Five hundred Cur-

rent Rupees ; and where the said Inhabitant shall have agreed in the said Contract, that, in case of

Dispute, the Matter shall be heard and determined in the said Supreme Court ; and all such Suits or

Actions may be brought, in the First Instance, before the said Court, or by Appeal from the Sentence

of any of the Courts established in the said Provinces, or any of them.

XVIf. And it is hereby further enacted and provided, That nothing in this Ac! shall extend t<*

general,CnuncP, subj«f\ the Person of the Governor-general, or of any of the said Council or Chief Justice and Judges

orrciPc6tively for the Time being, to be arrelHd or imprisoned upon any Action, Suit, or Proceeding,

imprif*n«S.e in the said Court.

Arp:ai imy be XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it flial 1 and may be directed,

iindetoffsMa- in and by the said new Charter which His Majesty is herein-before impowered to grant, that in cate

mCouncil. any person or Persons whatsoever shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Judge-

ment or Determination of the said Supreme Court of Judicature, to he established as aforesaid, he,

(he, or they, lhalL and may appeal from such Judgement or Determination of His Majesty in

Council, His Heirs or Successors, within such Time-, in such Manner, and in such Cafes, and on

such Security, as His Majesty, in His said Charter, shall judge proper and reasonable to be ap-

pointed and prefciibed.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Charter,

granted by His said lace Majesty, as respects or relates to the Eftjblishment of the Mayor’s Court at

Calcutta aforesaid, in Bengal, or to the Civil, Criminal, or Ecclciiaffical Jurisdiction thereof, in the

said United Company’s Settlement there, or the Subordinates thereunto belonging, in case a new

Charter dial 1 be granted by His Majesty in pursuance of this Act, and shall be openly published at

Fort I FI lli am aforesaid, from and immediately after such Publication, shall ccafc, determine, and be

absolutely void, to all Intents and Purposes : But nevertheless, the faiJ Charter, so granted by His

said late Majesty, shall, in all other Respects, and as for and concerning all or any other of the said

Company’s principal Presidencies or Settlements to which the fame relates, or to any Factories or

Places now or hereafter to be subordinate to such principal Settlements, continue, be, and remain in

-full Force and Virtue, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, and that as fully and effectu-

ally, to all intents and Pu.poses whatsoever, as if this Act had never been made, or such new Charter

as aforesaid should never have been granted.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Records, Muniments, and

Proceedings whatsoever, of and belonging to the said Mayor’s Court at Calcutta aforesaid, or to the

Courts of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery at Fort William aforesaid, established by the said

Charter of His said late Majesty, shall, from and immediately after such Court of Judicature, which

His Majesty is herein-before impowered to erect, shall be establiftied at Fort William as aforesaid,

be delivered over, preserved, and deposited for safe Custody, in the said new Court of Judicature,

to which all Parties concerned shall and may resort and have Recourse, upon Application to the said

Court.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during such Time as the Ter-

«d to the Gover- ritorial Acquifitiorrs shall remain in the Poflcllion of the said Company, the Court of Directors of the

nor-aer.cral, said United Company (lull, and they are hereby required to direct, and cause to be paid, certain and

So m*jch of the

Churisr granted

by Geo. II.

Mhould a new

Charter be

praired) lo be

rrpraled ;

<>th~nvife to be

in lull Force.

All Records and

Muniments be-

longing t > the

Mayor's Court

at Calcutta, See.

to be delivered

to, and preservjd

by, the new

Court.

Salaries cftiblfti-

t'o 1 neil, Ch’ef

| u 11 i c e,

judges.

and

V.5f. such $3-

!.r-pr ir.aii com-

established Salaries to the Governor-general, and to each of the Council of the said United Com-

pany’s PreGdency of Fort U'iUiam in Bengal, and to the Chief Justice and each of the Judges of such

Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William, as shall be by the said new Charter established ; (that

is to say). To the Governor-general Twenty-five thousand Pounds by the Year, and to each of the

Council of the said United Company’s Presidency of Fort William in Bengal'Yen thousand Pounds by

Year ; and to the Chief Justice Eight thousand Pounds by the Year; and to each of the Judges of

the said Supreme Court of Judicature, at Fort William, Six thousand Pounds by the Year : And that

Inch Salaries shall be paid and payable to each and every of them respectively for the Time being

out of the said Territorial Acquisitions in the Kingdoms of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriffa.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 'That the Salaries of such Go-

vernor-general and Council, and of such Chief Justice and judges, of such Supreme Court of

Judicature as aforesaid, shall take place and commence in respect to all such Persons who shall

he resident in Great Britain at the Time of their Appointment, upon, and from the Day on which

such Perlcn shall embark from Great Britain j and that the Salaries of all such Persons who shall, at

the

