The TITLES of i

bury Lane to the Turnpike Road at the South End of

Barton, in the Counties of Hertford, Bucks, Bedford,

and Cambridge \ so far as the fame relates to the repair-

ing the Roads in the Royfton District of Roads, in the

said Act particularly mentioned.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the

High Road leading from the North End of Ballingdon

Bridge, in Sudbury, in the County a/'Suffolk, to the South

Gate in Bury Saint Edmund’s, in the said County.

59. An Act to impower Charles Fitz Roy Esquire, to (hut

up certain Foot-paths in the Parish of Saint Pancrasy

alias Kentish Town, in the County of Aliddlcfexy and to

oblige him to make and keep in Repair for the future a

Foot-path in lieu thereof.

6c. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act

made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, intituled, An Act for repairing federal Roads leading

through the County ^Selkirk.

61. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Sper-

nal Ashy in the County of Warwick, to a Street called

Digbethy in the Town of Birmingham.

62. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual,

an Act made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty’s

Reign, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a na-

vigable Cut or Canal from the Firth or River of Forth, at

or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of

Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near a Place

. called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton;

and also a collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glas-

gow ; and for making a navigable Cut or Canal of Commu-

nicationy from the Port and harbour of Borrowstounness,

to join the said Canal at or near the Place where it will fall

into the Firth 0/Forth.

63. An Act to continue and render more effectual an Act

made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty, for repairing the Road from the End of Mid-

dleton Tyas Lane to Greetabridgey and from thence to

Bowesy in the North Riding of the County of York.

64. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, for

repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Tad-

cofiery through ColUnghamy Harewoody Arthingtony and

Pooly to the Town of Otley, in the Weft Riding of the

County of York.

65. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty, for

repairing the Road from KnarefOroughy in the County of

York, by Lonoflatt Laney Gouldjl rough Fieldsy Flaxby,

A Her tony Mau lever cry and Scate Aloor, to Greenhamertoriy

in the same County; and for making the same a High

Carriage Road.

66. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of York,

over Skipbridge to Boroughbridge in the County of York.

67. An Act to oblige the Company of Proprietors of the

Birmingha?n Canal Navigation to complete the said Canal

to a Field called Newhall Ringy adjoining to the Town

of Birmiaghaniy in the County of JVarwicky within a li-

mited Time, and to maintain and keep the fame free and

open for the Passage of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels.

68. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Col-

Hughotny through IVetherby, to the City of York.

69. An Act for enlarging the Term and rowers granted by

the STATUTES.

an Act of the ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

for repairing the Road .from the Turnpike-gate in the

the Townfhij) of Grcenfieldy to the North Limits of the

Township of Mofiyn; and from Mofiyn to He nil an \ and

from Llanerch y Alor to Pen y Ifordd iVaerty in the Coun-

ties of Flint and Denbigh y and for extending the said Act

to several other Roads in the said Counties, and the

County of Carnarvon 5 and for taking several Roads

within the said Counties out of the Power of the Truf-

tecs appointed by two several Acts of Parliament of the

twenty-ninth and thirtieth Years of his late Majesty;

and for putting the said Roads under the Direction of the

Trustees appointed by the said former and this present

Act.

70. An Act to continue and render more effectual several

Acts for repairing the Highways between the Bear Inn in

Reading and Puntfieldy in the County of Bcrksy and other

Roads in the said Acts mentioned ; and for repairing fc-

veral other Roads in this Act mentioned.

71. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the

Low-water Alark of the River Humber, at or near Brough

Ferry, in the Parish of Elloughtony in the Kaft Riding of

the County of York, to the North End of the Town of

Brough, and from thence through South Cave to Corny

ClajperSy in South Newbald Holmesy in the said Riding.

72. An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands

and Low Grounds in the Parishes of Stoke Ferry, North

woldy JVrettcny JVerehamy Weft Dcrchamy and Roxham,

in the County of Norfolk.

73. An Act for amending, widening, turning, and alter-

ing the Road from the Bottom of Galley Hilly near the

Town of IVitney, to the Cross in Clanfieldy in the County

of Oxford.

74. An Act to continue and render more effectual three

Acts, made in the twelfth Year of King George the First,

and in the eighteenth and thirty first Years of his late

Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham,

through JVarwick to JVarrnington, and from Birmingham,

through Stratford upon Avony to Ed*ehilly in the County

of JVarwicky so far as the fame relate to the Road from

Birminghaniy through Stratford upon Avony to Stratford

Bridgey in the said County.

75. An Act for making a navigable Cut or Canal from

Chesterjieldy in the County of Derby, through or near

JVorkfop and Retfordy to join the River Trent, at or near

Stockwithy in the County of Nottingham.

76. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading

from Peniflone Bridgey in the County of York, to Grin-

dleford Bridgey in the County of Derby; and the Roods

severally leading from Bamford JVo:dgatiy over Ycrkshire

Bridgey to the Guide-post on Thornhill Mcory to or near

the eighth Mile-stone on Hathersage Aloory and to the

Village of Darwenty in the said County of Derby.

77. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads lead-

ing to the Town of Lantrifjcnt; and also the Road lead-

ing from Newbridge, to a Place called The Old Furnace ;

all in the County of Glamorgan.

78. An Act to enable the Corporation of the Governor,

Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conserva-

tors of the Great Level oft he Fens, called Bedford Levels

to complete and maintain the principal Banks and Works

neccfl'ary to the well-draining and preserving the North

Levely Part of the said Great Level, and for laying Faxes

upon the Lands within the said Nsrth Levely and on di-

vers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crow land,

79. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of so much of

an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of

King George the Second, as relates to the repairing the

Road

