i6o

In all Action*

commenced. De-

fendant! may

plead the Gene-

xai Issue.

double Costs.

Preamble.

Act 19 Car. II.

Act 22 & 23

Car. II.

Act 7 Annas.

Act 8 Geo. III.

inefficient to

anther the Put-

iufc: intended.

G. 29. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

and to all Intents and Purposes, as if no such Entry or Entries had been ever made; any Thing in any

former A<S! or Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it any Action or Suit shall be commenced against

any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants, in any

such Action or Suit, may plead the General Inue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence,

at any Trial to be had fnereupon; and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this

Ad; and if it shal! appear so to have been done, a Verdict shall be recorded for the Defendant or Defen-

dants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants

shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff,

the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Double Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame

as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have, in other Cafes by Law, for Recovery of his or their Costs.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for consolidating, extending, and rendering more effectual the Powers granted by

, several A<ds of Parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing the Vaults,

Drains, and Sewers, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof , and for paving,

cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts,' Alleys, Passages,

and Places; and preventing and removing Obstructions and Annoyances within the

fame. - i

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his

late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for, rebuilding the City of London, it was,

4 amongst other Things, enacted, That the Number and Places for all Common Sewers, Drains, and

4 Vaults, within the City of London and Liberties thereof, should be designed and set out by such and so

4 many Persons as the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty of the said City, in Common Council afiem-

4 bled, should, from time to time, authorise and appoint under their Common Seal, or the major Part of

4 them 5 to which Persons several Powers and Authorities are thereby given, for making new Vaults,

4 Drains, or Sewers, or for cutting into any Drain or Sewer already made 5 and for altering, enlarging,

% amending, cleansing, and scouring of any old Vaults, Sinks, or Common Sewers: And whereas by

4 another Act made in the twenty-second and twenty-third Years of the fame Reign, the said Clause, or

4 Branch of the said in part recited Act, was made perpetual, and the Powers and Authorities thereby

4 given were directed to be for ever thereafter put in Execution, according to the Purport and Effect of the

4 laid former Ad, and for defraying the Charges thereof, the said Persons so to he appointed as aforesaid,

4 or any seven or more of them, were impowered, from time to time, to impose and levy a reasonableTax

4 or Assessment upon the several Wards within the said City and Liberties, in Manner therein mentioned,

4 to be act’effect as well upon the Tenants or Occupiers of Houses, Shops, or other Tenements or Heredi-

4 taments, as upon the Owners or others interested in such Houses, Tofts, or Ground, unbuilt, and other

4 Hereditaments whereof there should be no present Occupier: And whereas, by another Act made in the

seventh Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, it was amongst other Things enacted,. That the said Per-

4 fons so to be appointed as aforesaid, should execute, within the said City and Liberties, all and every the

4 Powers and Authorities given to or vested in any Commissioners of Sewers in any other County or Place,

4 by force or virtue of any the Laws and Statutes of this Kingdom, or of any Commission to them

granted pursuant to the fame, and should be deemed and taken to be Commissioners of Sewers, within

the Limits aforesaid, subject, nevertheless, to the Limitations and Directions of the said first in part

4 recited Statute: And whereas, by another Act made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

4 intituled, An Act for the better pavings cleansing, and enlightening the City of London and Liberties thereof \

and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned \ and

4 for repealing an Act made in the sixth Tear of his present Majestys Reign, for those Purposes; the foie Power

and Authority of pitching, paving, cleansing, and enlightening the Streets, Lancs, Squares, Yards,

4 Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, within the said City and Liberties, are vested in the said Mayor

and Commonalty, and Citizens, to be executed by such Persons as by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and

4 Commons, of the said City, in Common Council assembled, by virtue and in pursuance of the said in

4 part recited Act of the twenty-second and twenty-third Years of his said Majesty King Charles the Sc-

4 cond, then were, or thereafter, from time to time, should be authorised and appointed to be Commis-

4 sioners of the Sewers for the said City and Liberties, or by any seven or more of them; which said Per-

4 fons so from time to time authorised and appointed to be Commissioners of the Sewers for the said City

and Liberties, were thereby constituted Commissioners for carrying the said Ac! of the eighth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty into Execution: And whereas the Powers given and granted in and by

the said several in part recited A<5ls have been found defective, and inefficient to answer the good Purposes

4 thereby intended: And whereas several of the Streets and Places within the said City and Liberties, for

4 want of proper Sewers, Drains, or Vaults, are frequently annoyed, the Houses and Buildings therein

4 weakened and rendered of less Use, and the Health of his Majesty’s Subjects greatly affected: And

4 whereas the Rates and Assessments which the Persons so appointed by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and

4 Commons, in Common Council assembled, are, by the said Ac! of the eighth Year of the Reign of his

4 present Majesty, authorised and impowered to raise and levy, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the saul

3 4 City

