568 C. <6j6; Anno duodecimo Georgia III. A.D. 1772.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That tfce several Fees herein-after li-

mited and expressed, and no other, shall be taken by the said Clerk and Beadle, or their Successors, for

their several and respective Services in the Execution of this Act; that is to say^

To the Clerk,

TheFwi, For entering every Clause, Threepence.

For ifiuifig every Summons, Threepence.

For every Subpoena, Threepence.

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant, Threepence.

For every Hearing or Trial, Sixpence.

For swearing every Witness, Threepence.

For every Order, Judgment, or Decree, Sixpence.

For a Nonsuit, Threepence.

For every Search in the Books, Twopence.

For paying Money into Court, Fourpence.

For taking Money out of Court, and acknowledging of Satisfaction in the Clerks Books, Four-

pence.

For every Attachment, Sixpence.

For every Execution, Sixpence.

For every Warrant of Commitment, Threepence.

To the Beadle,

For the Service of every Summons, Order, or Subpoena xh the Borough of Kidderminflery Three-

pence; if in the Foreign, Four-pence.

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant before the Court, Twopence.

For executing every Attachment, Execution, or Warrant against the Body or Goods in the Borough

of Kiddernunjler^ aforesaid. One Shilling; if in the Foreign, One Shilling and Sixpence.

A Table thereof A Table of which Fees shall, from Time to Time, be hung up by the Clerk of the said Court, in some

to be hung upin confpjcuous part Gf t^e Court-house, or Place, where the said Commissioners shall meet, so that

tkeCourt-house. ajj persons concerned may fee and examine the fame.

Penalty on tak- XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Clerk or Beadle of the said

wg gieater Fees. Court for the Time being shall take any greater or other Fees or Rewards than what are herein-before

9 mentioned for his or their Service in the Execution of this A(ff, he or they Aiall, for every such Offence,

forfeit and pay such Fine {not exceeding Five Pounds, norlefs than Forty Shillings), as the said Com-

niissioners, or any Three or more of them, upon due Proof upon Oath first made before them of the

Truth of such Complaint, shall order, assess, and impose, to be applied to the Relief of such Debtor

or Debtors, who shall be then, or at any Time after, in the Prison or Gaol of the said Court of Re-

quests, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any hree or more of them, shall order and di-

rest, or otherwise to be paid to the Ovci seers of the Poor of the Borough of KidJerminster aforesaid, at

the Discretion of the said Commissioners imposing such Fine or Fines as aforesaid; the lame to be levied

tif not paid on Demand) by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders,

v Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Commissioners, or.any Three or more of them, by whom

such Complaint shall be heard, rendering to the Owner the Overplus, afterthe Charges of such Distress

and Sale are deduced.

Clerk or Beadle XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Clerkpr Beadle shall

nuy be diipiaccd^ guilty of any Misbehaviour, either'Ey Neglect or Breach of Duty, or in taking greater Fees than be-

of«r Misbchavi. yere mentioned, or otherwise in the Execution of their respective Offices, that then, upon Complain:,

our* and due Proof thereof made upon Oath in ^pen Court, the said Commissioners then fitting are hereby

directed and required to cause the whole Number of Commissioners to be summoned, by a Notice in

Writing, to be affixed at the Town Hall, and also at the Door of the Parish Church of Kid tier minficr

aforesaid, to meet at some convenient Time and Place, and the Commissioners then present, not being

less than Nine in Number, Avail and may e\, mine and consider the Merits of such Complaint; and if

i: shall appear to such Commissioners so all moled or met, or to the major Part of them, that the said

Clerk or Beadle hath been guilty of any such Misbehaviour or Breach of Duty as aforesaid in his Office,

it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then ailembled,

to suspend or remove such Clerk or Beadle from his said Office, and another Person or Persons shall

4 be thereupon appointed in his Room, in such Manner as is by this A£i directed for such Appoint-

ment.

Commissioners, XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Commissioner of the said

Clerk, or Beadle, Court for the Time being shall be Party to, or interested in any Cause, Matter, or Thing, depending

WhCrC *-n Court, fut*h Person shall not he capable of acting as a Commissioner in the hearing and de-

~ termining the fame, or making any Order, Decree, or Judgment therein, but, after heing heard in the

said Cause, shall withdraw from 'the said Court until the fame is finally determined; and if the Clerk

or Beadle of the said Court for the Time being Aiall be a Party to, or interested in any Cause depend-

ing in the said Court, such Clerk or Beadle Aiall not exercise his said Office in the said Cause, or in

any Thing relating thereto; but the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them assembled at

2 such

