682 C. 29. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

re&ed),shall be leviedand recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender^ <?bod$ and Chattels, by War-

rant under the Hand of any One of the Bailies of the Town of Greemck, or any One of the Justice*

of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offender shall dwell ; which Warrant such Bailie of

Justice is hereby authorised and required to grant, upon the Confession of the Partyor Parties, of

upon the Information of any-one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath ; and that the

Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, (after rendering the Overplus, if any be, upon Demand,

• to the Party or Parties whose Goods shall be so distrained and fold, the Charges of such Distress being

first deducted), shall he paid to the Treasurer of the T own of Greenock for the Time being, and be

applied towards the Purposes of this Ac! ; and that in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or

such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such

Bailie or Justice as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand,

1 to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Gaol of the County, therein to continue

for a Time, not exceeding Two Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable

Charges, shall be sooner fully paid and satisffed.

Oaths may be LXIX. And it is hereby further enacted. That in all Cafes where Cognizance is given to any of

■dmmiftred by faj,j Bailies, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace by this Act, it fh *11 he lawful for the Bailie or

of the Peace.,CCS®a‘^es> Ju^*ce or Justices of the Peace, to administer an Oath to any Person or Persons, for his or

their'more certain Information in the Matters therein depending.

HuMdTn^aion* kXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Suit or A£tion shall

brought in pur-* commenced against the Lid Bailies and Council, or their Successors, or the said Trustees, or any

fuance thereof.* other Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendnat or Defendants in

such Suit or Action may produce this Act, and plead that the said Things were done by Authority and

in pursuance of this Act ; and if it shall appear so to be done, that then the Defendants shall be ab-

solved from every such Suit, Action or Actions, and shall have Costs and Expences in the Defence

thereof awarded to them from and against the Prosecutor or Prosecutors of the fame.

Sheriff, &c. to LXXL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sheriffs, Justices of the

*hl!*i^puttpng Peace, Judges and Magistrates, with their Officers, Messengers at Arms, and all other Officers and

cution m EXC” Executioners of the Law whatsoever, and every of them, arc hereby required to be aiding and assist-

cu 1 * ingin putting this Act into due and dffcdual Execution ; and that this Act shall be deemed, taken,

Publick A ft, and allowed in all Courts of Law and Equity as a Publick Act ; and all Judges and Justices are hereby

required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the lame.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for deepening, cleansing, and making more commodious, the Harbour of Aber-

deen \ for erecting new Piers and Quays therein ; and for regulating Ships and Vessels

trading into, and going out of, the said Harbour.

Preamble.

4 117 HER E AS the Entrance to the Harbour of Aberdeen^ in the County of Aberdeen, is greatly

4 VV obstruded by a Bar or large Bank of Sand, which runs across the fame, hinders Vessels of

4 Burthen from getting into the Piers and Quays, and exposesthe Shipping lying in the Bay of Aberdeen

4 to many Dangers and Inconveniencies ; and the Pier3, Quays, and other Works within the said

4 Harbour, are, in their present Stare, insufficient for the Accommodation of the Trade of the said

4 City of Aberdeen, which, of late Years hath greatly increased : And whereas the Navigation of the

4 said Harbour, and the Harbour itself, may be greatly improved by running out a Pier into the Sea

4 on the North Side of the Lid Harbour, and by cleansing, deepening, and widening the fame, and the

4 Entrance thereto, by crevcling proper Piers, Quays, and other Works, for the Accommodation of

4 Trade and Shipping within the said Harbopr ; and by making and establishing proper Rules and

4 Regulations for all Ships and Vessels trading into, and going out of, the said Harbour : But a*

4 these falurary Purposes (for want of proper Powers, and of a fuffu ient Fund to defray the Expence

* thereof j cannot be accomplished without the Aid and Authority of Parliament p may it therefore

please Your Majesty that it may be enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Magi-

cWp-nand scour ^r2tcs and £i:y Council oi Aberdeen, and their Successors in Office, and to and for such other Person

the Harbour. Qr Persons as they shall, from Time to Time, for the Purposes herein-after mentioned, nominate and

appoint, to deepen, clennfe, scour, and prelcrve the said Harbour of Aberdeen, and the Improvements

and Additions which shall be made thereto by virtue of this present Act, from Sand, Shingle, Dirt,

Mud, and other Qbftrudions whatsoever ; and also to raise, repair, and make, or cause to be raised,

repaired, and made sufficient the Dykes, Piers, Quays, and other Works, at present belonging to the

Aid Hat hour of Aberdeen ; and to alter and extend the fame, or any Part thereof, as the fa.d Ma-

giftrates and City Council, or any Five or more of them, to be named and appointed by themselves,

(whereof the Provost or lerior Magistrate of the said City for the Time being ihal] always be One),

shall judge to be neceffa y for the more effectual Improvement of the said Harbour, and for scouring

and clcaiding the Bed and Channel of the River of D e, from the said Harbour to the Bay of Aber~

den ; and llkewilc to build and erect, or cause to be built and erc&ed in the said Harbour, Piers,

Quays, jettces, Breads, Docks, Locks, and other necessary Works, for the Improvement of the said

‘ Harbour,

Migiftrafe* of

Aberdeen m.iy

the Harbour,

and build Fieri,

itc.

