3*5

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 55.

and incapacitated and difaMed by this Act, only exempted; and the Cunftablt?, or other proper Officer for

the time being, to whom the Return of such VVrit or Precept does belong, is hereby required to return the

Perf >n or Persons to serve in Parliament for the said Borough who shall h?/e the major Number of Votes

of such lMeehoIders and other Persons having a Right to vote at such Eledi >n (except such Persons as arc

herein hi tore excepted); any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanoing

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Freeholder, before he is ad- Freeholder*, be-

mitted to poll at any Election for the said Borough, shall, it required by the Candidates, or any of them, tore admits to

or any other Person having a Right to vote at the said Election, fi ft take the Oath (or being one of the jT.11*to ukc th#

People called Quakers, the foiemn Affirmation) following; videlicet, 0 ow n®

V^OU shall swear, or, being a Quaker, solemnly affirm, That you are a Freeholder in the Rape of Oath.

*4 I Brambir, in the County of Sn/fix, and have a Freehold Estate, confiftmp of

44 (J?c<ifjinxthe Nature thereof, and if it consists in M'ffuages, Lands, or Tithes, in whose Occupation the fami

41 tire; and if in Rent, the Names of the Owners or Pofjcffors of the Tenements out of which such Rent is issuing,

44 or of feme of them), lying or being at within the Rape of Bramber, in the

44 County of Sussex, of the clear yearly Value of forty Shillings, over and above all Rents and Charges

44 payable out ot or in respect of the fame; and that you have been in the actual Possession or Receipt of

*4 the Rents and Profits thereof for your own Use above twelve Calendar Months (or that the fame came

44 to you within the Time aforesaid by Descent, Marriage, Marriage-settlement, Devise, or Promotion

44 to a Benefice in a Church, or by Promotion to an Office); and that such Freehold Estate has not been

44 granted or made to you fraudulently, on Purpose to qualify you to give your Vote; and that the Place

4* of your Abode is at in and that you are twenty-one

44 Years of Age, as you believe; and that you have not been polled before at this Election.”

Which Oath, or foiemn Affirmation, the Constable, or other proper Officer to whom the Return of any

Writ or Precept for such Election shall belong, is hereby required to administer: And in case any Free- P^fom gurlryof

holder or other Person taking the said Oath or Affirmation hereby appointed, shall thereby commit wilful

Perjury, and be thereof convicted; or if any Person shall unlawfully and corruptly procure or suborn any e*

Freeholder or other Person to take the said Oath or Affirmation, in order to be polled, whereby he shall refte4 bj

commit fu h w lful Perjury, and shall be thereof convicted, he and they, for eve/ y such Offence respec-

tively, (ha 1 incur such Penalties as are inflicted on Persons guilty of Perjury, or Subornation of Perjury,

in and by two Acts of Parliament, one made in the fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, (intituled, A ft 5 Eli*.

An Act for punishing such Persons as shall procure or commit wilful Perjury, or suborn or procure any Per fin to

commit any wilful or corrupt Perjury); and the other made in the second Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, and aft *Ge»,

( intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing and further Punishment of Forgery* Perjury, and Suborna-

tion of Perjury, and to make it telony to Jleal Bonds, Notes, or other Securities for Payment of Money), con-

trary to the said Acts.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Constable, or other proper Officer, ConstiMet#

to whom any Writ or Precept shall be directed for making any Election for the said Borough, shall, upon b*cka *,rcfpt

the Reception of such Writ or Precept, indorse upon the Back thereof the Day of his Receipt thereof, in

the Prelence of the Party from whom he received such Precept; and shall forthwith cause public Notice to eceipt 61X0

be given within the said Borough of New Shoreham, and at the Towns of Bramber and Steyning\ in the said

County of Sussex, by fixing up a Notice thereof in Writing on the Market-houses, or on the Doors of the

Churches of the said Towns, of the Day of Election; and shall proceed to Election thereupon, within

the Space of twelve Days, and not less than eight Days, next after his Receipt of the fame Precept.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be publickly read at every The Act to be

Election for the said Borough of New Shoreham, immediately after the Acts directed by any Act of Parlia- tead pubhtkly.

ment to be read thereat, and befoxe the Persons present shall proceed to make such Election.

S f 2

CAP.

