/

664

•n Application

ia a wmmary

Way by the

Mortgagee*

FhbTick A£h

C. 15, 16. . Anno deciino tertio Georgii III. A. £>. 1773,

a summary Way, by the Mortgagee or Mbrfcgagees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or

Assigns; on hearing of which Petition it shall be sufficient for the Petitioner or Petitioners to prove,

to the Satisfaction of the Court, that he, (he, or they,'is or are thfe Person or Persons for whole Uie

or Benefit the Money was so paid into the said Bank, or that he, (he* or they, are the legal Represen-

tative or Representatives of such Person or Persons, without requiring any of the Proceedings in the

Court of Chancery of the Colony in the Cause to be transmitted hither; and upon producing such>

Order to-the Accountant-general* the Money shall be paid to the Person specified in* such Order, or t<*

his, her, or their lawful Attorney or Attorneis, without Fee or Reward.

IX.. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and

taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and

other Persons whomsoever, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. XV.

An Act for paving* cleansing, and lighting the High Street, East Street, and West Street, in the Town

andPariftics of Gravesend and Milton, in the County of Kent ; and for lighting the other Streets;

and for removing all Incroachments and Annoyances within the said Town and PariQaes.———

Preamble. Names of the Commissioners. Qualification of Commissioners. No Penalty upon the

High Steward, Governors, fciV. First Meeting of Commissioners. For appointing Officers. Penalty

on Officers offending. Property of Pavements, &c. vested in Commissioners. Commissionrcs to- or~

der the Streets, &c. to be paved ; and to cause all Incroachments to be removed. Penalty on alter-

ing Pavements, &c. without Consent of the Commissioners. Commissioners maycontraft for paving,

fcfr. and cause a certain Proportion of the old Materials to be used. Commissioners, to take

necessary Materials for paving, according to Law. Commissioners may cause Pavements to be re-

paired upon Complaint of any Two Housekeepers. The Limits^of the High Street, EqJl Street, ahd

IVeJl Street, ascertained. Rates to be paid by Occupiers, &c.; who may deduct tire fame out of their

Rents.. How Rates are to be recovered from Persons Quitting Poll'ession. Lessees deemed Owners.

Nob to make void any Contraft between Landlord and Tenant. Additional Rates. Poor’s Rates

may be inspected. Persons paying the last-mentioned Rate to be excused doing Statute-duty. No

Persons to be excused who keep Teams. All Persons liable to pay additional Rates, t£c. Money

to be raised by Annuities. Annuities not to be subject tq Land-tax. Rates to be lowered in pro-

portion as Annuitants drop. Annuitants dying, others may purchase, but not to be above the Value of

*00 L Commissioners may borrow an additional Sunt of 700 /. at common Interest. When the Sur-

plus-money in the Hand* of the Commissioners amounts to a certain Sum, jt is to be applied in pay.*-

ing off Debts. Annuities and Money borrowed to be entered in Books. Securities may be transfer-

red^ No Preference to be given in reipeft of the Priority of advancing Money. Commissioners im-

' powered to erect Lamps, Persons breaking Lamps, how to be punched. The Expence of

fighting the Lamps how to be defrayed. Rates to commence from March 25, 1773. Commissioners

to appoint Collectors. The Penalty on refusing to execute the Office of Collector, is 5 L and he is

KaWe to be again eledbed. How the Rates shall be collected, when Houses are let to different Te-

nants- How Rates on Tenants or Occupiers are to be recovered. Occupiers shall pay the Rates iiu

Proportion to the Time of occupying. Commissioners t® take down Signs, &c. Carriages prohi-

bited to drag, except with flat Iron Drags. Penalty on driving Carriages on the Footways, not ta

exceed rox- nor lets than 3 x. Penalty on hooping Casks, in the Streets, not to exceed 20 x. nor-

less than 3 x. Commissioners, safe. to give Licence for erecting Hoards, fcfr. Foot-ways to be swept-

To prevent making Bow-windows, &c. The Act to extend to other Streets in the said Town and

Parish. New Commissioners how to be elected. A sufficient Number of Commissioners not appear-

ing*. the Clerk may adjourn the Meeting.. Commissioners to defray their own Expences. Commifi-

sioners at any Meeting, not less than Three, may aft, (except as excepted^) Proceedings to be en-

tered in Books. Orders, &c. to be made by the Majority of the Commissioners present. The Expences*

of the Act to be paid out of the first Monies- Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered and

applied. Commissioners may act as Justices. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter-sessions*-

Distress'not unlawful for want of Form. Proceedings not to be quashed for want ofr orm, nor re-

moved by Certiorari- Wiitings to be without Stamps. No Action to be commenced till after No-

tice given* fc'c. General Issue- Treble Costs. Public Act-

’CAP. XVI.

An Act f6r taking- down the Shire Hall of the County of Devon^ and for building a* new Shire HalF

in a more commodious Manner.- ■—■Preamble. Shire Hall* vested in Commissioners, to be taker*

down ; and a new one to be built. Manner of holding Meetings. Expences of Building to be de-

frayed by the Commissioners. Money to be raised by Commissioners, by Assessment on the County.

Not more than 4000 /. to be raifedv The Shire Hall to be supported at the Ex pence of the County-

Proceedings to be entered in Books. All Accounts to be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace..

1231 /, 13 x. vested in Trustees for the Use of the said County, may be applied for the Purposes-

of this Act. The Scite of the Building vested in His Majesty* granted* by Act tyAnne* to several Per-

fons in Trust 5: and by x Geo~ p. The Castle vested in- Trustees, ia Trufb, for the Purposes of the

Adu From, the passing. hereof* the £aidTerm.shall ccafe^ProviXb andCondition* that the Trustees

