292 C. 52. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771*

pairs of rheHar an Account of such Disposal of the Money to the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for

lours in t ie the time being.

1,land* II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of TuTy+

ft Cr 111 Rues ,n the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, all and every the several and respective Dues*

ani Duties'pay8- Rates, Duties, and Impositions, granted or payable by virtue of all or any the said Statutes of the said

ab oy virtue of Itland, for or on account of the Harbours therein, shall cease, determine, and be no longer due or pay-

the Statute of able; any Thing therein contained, or any other Law, Statute, Ordinance, Custom, rrescription, or

tlu- ifljod, on Provision, to the contrary notwithstanding: And instead and in lieu thereof, there shall be raised, levied*

Harbuu^ftafi c°^e<^c^> and Pa‘d, for the Purposes intended by this present A&, of amending, repairing, keeping in Re-

determine. U Pair> and supporting the several Harbours of the said Island, the several and respective Rates, Duties, and

In lieu whereof Impositions following, upon all Ships and Vessels whatsoever, (his Majesty’s Ships and Vessels, and others

the Rates fol- employed in his Majesty’s Service, only excepted) which shall arrive in any of the Harbours and Bays

lowing to be paid thereof, and for and upon all Goods and Merchandises herein-after mentioned, imported or exported to or

&KS. from the said !fl* °fMan 5 (that is to fav)

cepted.

For every Britishi For every Ship or Vessel belonging to any of his Majesty’s Subjects, which shall arrive or put into

Ship, not laden, any of the Harbours in the said Island, not being laden, or in Balaft only, one Penny Halfpenny per

arriving in any Ton.

Harbour 1 d.

For evrrTship For all such Ships and Vessels being laden, or having any Cargo on board, whether they shall break Bulk

laden, d. per or deliver any Part of their Cargo or not, Two-pence Ton.

Ton.

For every Ship to For every Ship and Vessel which shall be repaired in any of the said Harbours, the additional Sum of one

additional Suin Penny per Ton, over and above the Rates aforesaid.

of x d. per Ton.

ForeveryForeign For every Foreign Ship and Vessel which shall arrive or put into any of the said Harbours, not being

B.u»,1d?AVn,aden» or in Balaft only. Two-pence per Ton.

Too.

Fore!gn For every Foreign Ship and Vessel which shall arrive or put into any of the said Harbours, without break-

breaking Bulk* *nS Bulk or delivering any Part of their Cargoes, Three-pence per Ton.

3d. per Ton.

Lwl'hfl.dure’.k For all such Foreign Ships and Vessels which shall break Bulk and deliver any Part of their Cargo, the

Bulk, 1 he addi- additional Sum of Two-pence per Ton, over and above the Rate aforesaid.

tional Sum of

For a ^Foreign For a^ Foreign Ships and Vessels as shall repair in any of the said Harbours, the additional Sum of

Ships, the addi- Two-pence per Ton, over and above the Rates aforesaid.

tional Sum of

I or ForeignVef. For all Foreign Ships and Vessels anchoring in any of the Bays of the said Island, the Sum of two Shillings

fc!s anchoringin and Sixpence for each Ship or Vessel.

any Bays, » a.

Sates*to be le HI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected,

vied'over tiofe Pa*d, for the Purposes aforesaid, (over and above all Customs, Rates, and Duties, chargeable upon

granted by the fame Commodities respectively, by any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force) the several and

7 Geo. ill. respecSlive Rates and Duties following, for and upon Goods and Merchandises imported into the said JJle of

Man, determined by virtue of any Licence granted, according to an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging 'and regulating the Trade and Manufactures of the Ifie of

Man, and for the more eajy Supply of the Inhabitants there vjith a certain Quantity of fVheat, Bar ley, Oats,

Meal, and Floury authorised by an Act made in this Session to be transported to the said Island; that is

to say,

is. 6d. per Ton

on ell Spirits

imported.

|p. <fd. per Hhd.

on Tobacco.

. per Cwt. on

Teas.

f 1 per Cwt. on

Coffee.

For and upon all Spirits imported into the said Island, two Shillings and Sixpence per Ton.

For and upon all Tobacco, one Shilling and Sixpence per Hogstiead.

For and upon all Teas, two Shillings per hundred Weight.

For and upon all Coffee, one Shilling per hundred Weight.

a s. 6d. per Ton For and upon all Wines, two Shillings and Sixpence per Ton.

©nForegn For and Upon a)| Foreign Goods, (Wines, Spirits, and Salt, excepted) ten Shillings per Ctntum mi

Coc^O, ydim

Upon British

*fid Infh Goods,

S». per Cent.

For and upon ail other Goods imported from Great Britain or Ireland, (licensed Goods and Salt for the

Fisheries excepted) above the Yaluc of five Pounds, the Sum of five Shillings per Centum ad Valorem.

4 IV. And

