A. D* 177 f:Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 78. 849

rsw%t fronr* a Justice of Peace, &11 such Manner- as is authorised for Fqrfeitures Hicurred by virtue of

this Act. ' * •: '

Vf If. And bc> it further enacted, That Ditches, Drains, or Watercourses, of a fuffccient Depth Occupiers of

and Breadth, for the : keeping all Highways dry, and conveying the Water from the same shall be Lands shall make

made, scoured, ckartfed, and kept opejv, and sufficient Trunks, Tunnels, Plats, or Bridges, shall be sufficient D.uh-

made and laid where any Cartways, Merfeways, or Footways, lead out of the said Highways into the c*> Drams, or

Lands or Grounds adjoining thereto, by the Occupier or Occupers of such Lands or Grounds *, and

every Person or Persons who shall occupy any Lands or Grounds adjoining to, or lying near such Trunk?, Plats, ,

Highway through which the Water hath used to pass from the said Highway, shall, and is hereby orBr.dges,

required, from lime to Time, as often as Occasion shall be, to open, cleanse, and (90m*, the Ditches, where Cartways*

Watercourses, or Drains, for such Water to pass without Obstruftton; and that every Person &c lead out of

making Default rn any of the Matters or Things aforesaid, after Ten Days Notice to him, her, fu'cV Land*?0

or them, given of the fame, * by the said Surveyor, mall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sunt of They shall fer-

Ten Shillings. - '■ frit, for every

Offence, os.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, shall lay, in any Highway, any 1 aWs laying

Stone, Timber, Straw, Dung, or other Matter, or in making, scouring, or cleansing the Ditches or Stone, Timber,

Watercourses, shall permit the Soil or Earth, dug out of such Ditches, Drains, or Watercourses, to Straw> &c in

remain in such Highway, in such Manner as to obstruct or prejudice the fame, for the Space of ^o|fth*say>or

Five Days after Notice thereof given by the Surveyor of the Highways $ every Person or Persons itches, *c.

offending in any of the said CaLs, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten shall, for every

Shillings. Offence, torfcit

ios.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Stone or Timber, or any Hay, Straw, Stubble, or other Stone,Timber,.

Matter, for the making of Manure, or on any other Pretence whatsoever, not tolerated by this Act, &c*

{hall be laid in any Highway, within the Dittance of Fifteen Feet from the Centre thereof, and shall FcetT^ the *5

not, within Five Days after Notice given* by the Surveyor, or some Person aggrieved thereby, be re- Centre of the

moved, it shall and may be lawful for the Owner or Poifefforof the Lands adjacent, or any other Per- Highway, and

son or Persons whomsoever, by Order from some Justice of Peace, to clear the said Highways, by re- not removed irt-

moving the fjiid Stone, Timber, Hay, Straw, Dung, or other Matter, and to have, take, and dispose of 5D»ys after

the fame, to his and their own Ufc.

adjacent Land*

may remove and dispose of the fame to his own Use*

XI. And, for preventing Obstructions in the said Highways, be it enacted, That if any Person OkftruQioni.

(h.i!l wilfully set, plaie, or leave, any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, or any Plough or lnftrument the Highw.y*

of Hufbmdry, in any of the said Highways, (except only with respect to such Waggon, Cart, or jy ^*tr,*e*°t

Carriage, during such reasonable Time as the fame shall be loading or unloading, and handing as near Hulfcamiiy,5

the Side of such Highway as conveniently may be), so as to interrupter hinder the free Passage of any makes the Of-

mher Carriage, or ot His Majesty’s Subjects ; every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Ten fcnder forfeit

Shillings for every such Offence.

XU. And be it further enacted. That the Surveyors of the Highways, to be appointed by virtue of SurT7°”

this Act, shall, at 2II such Times and Seasons as they shall judge proper, view all the common High- v^ew of^he

ways. Trunks, Tunnels, Plats, Hedges, Ditches, Banks, Bridges, causeways, and Pavements, Condition of the

within the Parish, Township, or Place, for which they shall be appointed Surveyors and in case Highway*,

they shall observe any Nuisances, Incroachments, Obstructions, or Annoyances, made, committed, within the Dif-

<-r permitted ift, upon, or to the Prejudice of them, or any of them, contrary to the Directions of Nu^anwi^ol.

this Act. they shall, from Time to Time, as soon as conveniently may be, give, or cause to be given, &c."

to any Person or Persons, doing, committing, or permitting the fame, psrfonal Notice, or Notice in ‘

Writing, to be left at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, specifying the Particulars

wherein such Nuisances, Defaults, Obstructions, or Annoyances, consist; and if such Nuisances, Ifihe Offenaer

Obstructions, or Annoyances, shall not be removed, and the Ditches, Drains, Gutters, and Water- doeinotr*m«e

courses aforesaid effectually made, scoured, cleansed, and opened, and such Trunks^ Tunnels, Plats, such*?u,f“ccs'

and Budges, made and laid, afrd such Hedges properly cut and pruhed, within Twenty Days after &c’a tet 0,!ie*'

loch Notre of the fame respectively given as aforesaid, then the said Surveyors shall be, and they are thcSurv-yor

hereby fully authorised and impowered, forthwith to remove such Nuisances, Obstructions, or An- ttuiidou,.

noyances, and open, cleanse, and scour such Ditches, Gutters, and Watercourses, and make or

amend such Trunks, Tunnels, Plats, or Bridges, and cut and prune such Hedges, for the Benefit

and Impovement of the said Highways, to belt of their Skill and Judgement, and according to the

true Intent and Meaning of this Act ; and the Person or Persons so neglecting to make, or open

and cleanse such Ditches, Gutters, or Watercourses, .or to cut or prune such Hedges, during the

Time aforesaid, after such Notice given, shall forfeit for every Foot in Length which shall be so ne-

glected, the Sum of One Penny ; and the said Surveyors shall be reimbursed what Charges and Ex- snliheOAftniee

pences they shall be at in removing such Nuisances, Obstructions, or Annoyances, and making or ttu’.ijuyuw

opening, cleaning and scouring, such Ditches, Gutters, and Watercourses, and in making or amend* ikuwf*

ing such Trunks, Tunnels, Plats, or Bridges, and in cutting and pruning such Hedges respectively,

by the Person or Persons who ought to have done the fame, over and above the said Forfeiture; and

in case such Person or Persons shall, upon Demand* refuse or neglect to pay the said Survevm his

1 Charges

.

