884 C. 81. Anno decimcv tertia Georgi III. A.D. 1773.

of his Absence or Death, to any other Jufttce of the same County, to be by him diilributed according

to the true Intent and Meaning; of thie Act r Amf that no Afthoti of Trcfoaft, false hnptifonrcient, In-

form Won, or Indiftmonty another Aftiorr or Appeal, (half be hr^rght, toed* commenced), or prose-

cuted, by any Ptrfoner Berftiw whatsoever, against the Juftrte of such other County who indbrifed

such Warrant, for or by reason of hifr iitdorfing the fame.

Procecdingi not V III. Provided a) way*! and be it further enacted, That no Order made cojtcerning any of the Matters

to be quaftied for aforesaid, or any other Proceedings to be had touching the Coirvifliotr or Convictions4 of any Offen-

WaDt#>m Forhle (^er or Offenders against this Act, shall be qttashed' for want of Porni^ or be removed by Writ of C*r-

byCenioriri. tiorari, or any other Writ* or Process whatsoever, into any of PPib Majesty’s Courts of Record at

We/bninster.

No Person tobe IX. Provided also, That no Pdrfbn-shall be proceeded ag^tnff for any;of the Offences against this

proceeded tgainst Act, as aforesaid', unless fn formation shall be' made thereof jipdn before some Justice of the

till information peace for the County, Riding, or Place* wherein such Offtncefball he committed;, within Ohe Calcn-

be made onOath. dftr Month after such Offtnce shall be committed.

, . * ’ »

CAP. LXXXIl

An Act for the better Cultivation, Improvement* and Regulation, of the Common Arable

Fields* Wattes, and Commons of Pasture, in this-Kingdom.

How Arable

Lands shall bf

fenced, '

Preamble. c‘ \% T H ERE AS there are* in several Parishps and Places in this Kingdom, several Wastes hnd

4 W Commons, and several Open and Common Fields, which, by reason off the different Interests

‘ the several Land Owners and Occupiers, or Persons having Right of Common, have in such

c Wastes, Commons, and Fields, cannot be improved; cultivated, or enjoyed, to such great Advan-

4 tage for the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and Persons having Righrof Common, as they might

4 be, and are capable of, if an improved Churfe of Hufbnndry was to be pursued, respecting such Open

4 and Common Fields, in each Part(h respectively, and such Wastes, dr Commons of Pasture, were to

4 be properly drained, or otherwise amended ;’ may it therefore please Your Majesty that it mav be

enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-

fer t-of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That in every Parish or Place in this Kingdom, where theie are Open

or Common Field Lands, all the Tillage or Arable Lands lying in the said Open or Common Fields shall

be ordered, fenced, cultivated\ and* improved; imfuch Manner, by the respective Occupiers thereof,

and shall be kept, ordered; and continued, in such Course of* Hufhandry, and be cultivated under

such Rules* Regulations, and Reftri ft ions, as Three* fourths in Number and Value of the Occupiers

of such Open or Common Field Land* in each Parish or Place, cultivating and taking the Crops of

the fame, and having the Consent of the Owners in> Manner herein-after mentioned, ind likewise the

Confcntof the Rest or, Impropriator or* Tithe Owner, or thclicffcc of* either of them rdfpeilively,

ftrftihad in Writing, shall, at a Meeting, (in pursuance* of Notice for that Purpose in Writing, under

the Hands of One third of such Occupiers, to.be affixed on One of the principal Doors of the

Parish Churchy Chapel, or Place, where Meetings Have been usually htld for such Parish or Place re-

spectively, Twenty.* one Days, at least, before* ftrch Meeting, speccifying the Time and Place of such

Meeting), by Writing under thi ir Hands, constitate, direct, and appoint; and which Notice any of

such Occupiers are hereby authorised and impowered to give.

Rules not to be H* Provided always, That the Rulesi, Regulations,1 and Restrictions, so agreed upon, shall not be

longer binding in Force, or binding upon any of the Parties thereto, for any longer Term than Six Years, or Two

than 6 Yean. Rounds* according to the ancient and establiftted Course of each Parsh or Place respectively.

Field Matter IIE And be it further enacted by the Authority< aforesaid, That at every such Meeting to be had'

bowtobcap- as aforesaid,»it shall and may be lawful to and for the major Part in Number and Value of the Oc-

pointed. cupiers (then present) of such Open or Common Field Lands, in each Parish or Place respectively,

to elect and chute One or more proper Person or Persons as Field Master or Field Reeve, Field Ma-

rtyrs or Field Reeves, to superintend the ordeiingy fencing, cultivating, and improving, of such Open

and Common Fields, and to fee that the fame are kept, ordered, and continued, in such a Course of

Husbandry, as shall be constituted, directed, and appointed, at such Meeting, in Manner aforesaid

and that such Field .Mastermr Field Reeves so to be elected* and rhofen as aforesaid, shall continue in

the'said Office utmi the*TVenty*first* Day of May, then next following, or within Three D;iyi^

after, ana no longer, unless he or they shall be thereto re-'ftefted and chbten in Manner herein-aftef

directeJ. '

E.pence how-to IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Costs, Charges, and Expences,

bc ocirAycd. necelia y for the carrying on any such Plan of ordering, fencing, cultivating, or improving, into

Execution. a> shall be agreed upon in Manner aforesaid, and which'(hull, at any Meeting to be held

after Six Days Nonce having been given in Manner herein-before. directed, by the major Part in

Number and Value of the Occupiers aforesaid then present, be deemed common Expences, and, for

the general Benefit of the said Occupiers* shall be: borne, paid, and defrayed, proportionably by all

the Occupiers- ot fuclvOpen and Common Field Lands, according to the Value of the Lands and

Grounds each Person or Persons shall have in such Open and Common Field Lands ; apd for the

failing the-faoie, One or more Alteftfuenc or -AffdiinentSj upon all "and every the Occupiers of Com-

2 mon

j

