528

Treble Cofti,

C. 47.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Preamble*

Act 5 Geo* 11*

Act 9 and 16

Geo. II.

Ad 24 Geo. II.

Ad 31 Geo. II.

and Ad. 4 Geo.

III. farther con-

tinued until Sept.

*9> >775»

until the End of

the folio wing Sei-

fion.

All Persons

against whom

Commissions

of Bankruptcy

have been a-

waided, and

who were in

Custody be-

fore March 2 5,

1772, for Debts

d >e before the

Comirvflions

were issued, on

Proof not being

P’oduccd of their

having concealed

their Effects, or

of their not hav-

ing conformed to

the Laws against

Bankrupt^ to be

discharged from

Imprisonment,

an I all Debts due

before the Corn-

million of Bank-

ruptcy issued.

Shrriffi, Bailiffs,

Otficers, See in-

dammlud for B-

i’capes occasioned

hereby.

Bankrupts a-

gainst whom a

Comnrvflion

h <h be-n award-

ed b tore March

25, 1772, and

who have justly

coo ormed to the

States m Force

concerning

B »k upu, and

wno shall be

hcrea er artefted

/or Debts, may,

by Petition, be

dikharged, in

like Manner.

i

dant or Defendants shall have Treble Coils awarded to him or them against any such Plaintiff or

Plaintiffs*

CAP. XLVII*

An Act to continue An Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King

George the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the Committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, and

for making Provision for discharging Bankrupts, in certain Cafes, from their Imprisonment.

4 \\T HEREAS the Law hereafter mentioned hath, by Experience, been found useful and benefi-

cial, and is near expiring; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted \ and

be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

the fame, That an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Se-

cond, (intituled, An Act to prevent the Committing of Frauds by Bankrupt*), which was to continue in Force

from the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, for the Space of

Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by fe-

veral subsequent Acts, made in the Ninth and Sixteenth Years of His said Majesty’s Reign, was further

continued until the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and fifty; and by

an Act made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, was amended and fur-

ther continued until the First Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven; and which

by Two subsequent Acts, made in the Thirty-first Year of His said late Majesty’s Reign, and the Fourth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the Twenty-ninth Day of Sep-

tember, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and from thence to the End of the then next

Session of Parliament; shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, from the Expiration thereof,

until the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, and from

thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament.

4 If. And whereas many Persons against whom a Commission of Bankruptcy hath issued are, never-

4 theless, confined in* Prison, though they have delivered up all their Eft'eds; for Relief therefore of

4 stich Persons,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons, against

whom a Commission of Bankruptcy has been awarded and issued, and who was or were in Custody on

or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, for any Debt

due before such respective Commissions iflVted, and who have, or shall have, duly conformed themselves.

to the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Bankrupts, and are not, nor have been, committed by

any Warrant of the Commissioners in such respective Commission named, for Contumacy, or Non-

compliance with those Laws, that it shall and may be lawful for any One of the Judges of the Court

wherein such Process has issued against such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, on Petition of such Bankrupt or

Bankrupts, to summon his, her, or their Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to appear before him, to shew causewhy

such Bankrupt should not be discharged from his, her, or their Imprisonment, (such Bankrupt or Bank-

rupts first making Oath that such Debt or Debts did accrue before the issuing out such Commission);

and such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs not appearing, or appearing and not proving that such Bankrupt or Bank-

rupts has or have concealed any of his, her, or their Eft'eds, or that he, she, or they has or have not

conformed him, her, or themselves to the Laws against Bankrupts, such Judge shall and may, by War-

rant or other Instrument under his Hand, discharge him, her, or them, from such his, her, or their Im-

prisonment for any Debt or Debts due before such Commission issued, and such Bankrupt or Bankrupts

shall not be subject or liable to be arrested for any Debt or Debts due or contracted before such Com-

mission issued; subject nevertheless, in every other Rcfped, to the Laws against Bankrupts: And all

and every Sheriff'or Sheriffs, Bailiff and Officer, Gaoler and Keeper, are hereby required, on the Deli-

very of such Warrant or Instrument of Discharge to such Sheriff or Sheriffs, bailiff, or other Officer,

Gaoler or Keeper, to discharge such Bankrupt or Bankrupts out of Custody accordingly; and they are

hereby declared and enacted to be indemnified from any Action or Actions that shall or may be brought,

commenced, or prosecuted against him, or them, for any Escape or Escapes for or on Account

thereof.

4 III. And whereas many Bankrupts, from a Fear of being arrested and thrown under a long In-

4 prisonment. do abscond and fccrete thcmlclves from their Homes, or go abroad into foreign Parts, to

the great Distress of their Families, and the Detiiment of this kingdom;* be it further enacted by

the Authority aforesaid, That such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, against whom a Commission of Bankruptcy

hath been awarded and issued on or before the said Twenty-fifth Day of March% One thousand seven

hundred and seventy-two, who hath or have regularly submitted to the fame, and justly conformed him,

her, or themselves, to the several Statutes now in Force concerning Bankrupts, and who *hall be here-

after arrested and held to Bail, or taken in Execution for any Debt or Debts due and accruing be-

fore the Date or Dates of such respective Commissions, shall and may, after the Expiration of Forty

Days from the Time of such Arrest, in like Manner, petition any One of the Judges of the Court

whuem such Process has issued; and such Judge is hereby authorised and required to discharge such

Bankrupt or Bankrupts in like Manner, and on the like Terms and Conditions as are aforesaid, and

directed; and if such Bankrupt or Bankrupts shall be afterwards arrested for any other Debt or Debts

also accruing before such respective Commissions issued* any Judge of the Court wherein such Process

issued

