349

A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii Ifl. C. 16.

Newark, and to carry out the fame from the said Point into the Sea; and likewise such and so many

other Quays, Piers, Jettces, and Breads, in the open Harbour or old Bay of Newark* and other nc-

ccftary Works within the said Harbour and Bay, for the Reception of Ships and Vessels resorting to

the said Port and Harbour, and for the more convenient lading and unlading of such Ships and Vessels

of such Dimentsions, and to be executed in such Manner as the Commissioners herein after named, or

any Ten or more of them, at a General Meeting ahem bled, in Manner as herein-after directed, shall

’jud^e to be ncceflaryand expedient.

IT. Provided always. That no Quay, Pier, Tcttee, Bread, or any other Work hereby authorised to No Pier, Are.

be built and crc&ed, shall be built and erected to the Eastward of the said Point of Land called 7betQ

Black House Nook, without the Consent in Writing of Robert Hamilton of IVishaw, Esquire, his Heirs Houic°Nook

or Assigns, under his or their Hands and Seals first had and obtained for that Purpose; any Thing

herein before contained to the Contrary in nnywife notwithstanding.

II(. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in Wharfs, Sec,

this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to enable, authorise, or impower,

said JVJagiftrates and City Council of Glasgow,' or their Successors or Aligns, to make build, or cred longing Mr.

any Wha.fs, Quays, Piers, Jettccs, Breads, or other Works or Buildings, in or upon the Lands or Hamilton*

Grounds of or belonging to the said Robert Hamilton, his Heirs or Assigns, without the special Li-

cence and Consent of the said Robert Hamilton, his Heirs ar.d Assigns, in Writing under his or their

HuaJs and Seals respectively, first bad and obtained for that Purpose; nor to authorise or impower

the Taid Magistrates and City Council of Glasgow, or their Succcilors or Assigns, to make, ered, or

build any Houses, Warehouses, or other Buildings; save and except Piers, Quays, Jcttces, Breads,

and Engines, Cranes, or Weigh-beams, for lading and unlading of Ships and other Vessels, in or

upon any Part of the Scite, Ground, or foil of the said Harbour of Port Glasgow, or any Part

thtreof, between the Dry Dock belonging to the said City of Glasgow on the Weft, and the said

Point called Black House Nook on the East; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary thereof

notwithstanding.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be Provir#*

lawful for the said Robert Hamilton, his Heirs or Assigns, without the Licence or Consent in Writing

of the said Magistrates and City Council of the City of Glasgow, to make, build, or ered any

buildings or Erections of what Kind or Nature soever, from High Water Mark to Low Ground

Ebb, or within the Full Sea Mark, from the said Dry Dock to the said Point called Black House

Nock.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Magistrates and City TnAen ap.

Council, and their Successors in Office, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for putting pointed,

this Act in Execution, and for the better effecting the Ends and rurposes of the fame; and that

the Fee and Property of the Quays, Piers, Breasts, and other Works to be made, built, and erected

by virtue of this Act, shall be, and the fame are hereby vested in the said Trustees, to and for the

End and Purposes aforesaid; and that the said Trustees are, and shall be bound to apply the Rates

and Duties after mentioned, in making and repairing, and in keeping and maintaining the fame in

good Order and Repair, and in preserving the said Harbour clean and free from Mud, Dirt, and other

Obstructions whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Day of

.7une* in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, it shall and may be lawful to and a”er°7*iJ>i,

for the said Trustees, and such Person and Persons as they {hall appoint, to demand, collect, receive, 177a.

and take (over and above all ether Rates and Duties which at present subsist and are levied from Ships,

Vci.els, Barks, Lighters, and Boats, coming into, or going out of, the said Port or Harbour of Port

Glasgow) of and from all and every the Masters and Owners of any Ships, Vessels, Barks, and Light-

ers, hound outward from the said Port or Hat hour of Port Glasgow, on any foreign Voyage, or to any

foreign Country or Place, or to any of the British Plantations, One Penny Halfpenny Sterling for each

and every Ton which such Ships, Vessels, Barks, and Lighters, shall measure; and also One Penny Half-

penny Sterling for each and everyTon of such Ships, Vessels, Barks, and Lighters coming into the Port

and Harbour ;.foresaid, from any foreign Voyage, Country, or Place, or British Plantation; and from the

Mafti rs and Owners of all Vessels of Thirty Tons or upwards, trading or coming into and out of the

said Port, from or to any Part of Great Britain or Ireland, without proceeding to or coming from

any other Place or Country, Three Farthings Sterling for each Ton Burthen such Vefld shall mea-

sure, every Time they shall arrive in, or fail from the Port or Harbour aforesaid; and from the Ma-

ilers and Owners of all small Vessels above the Burthen of Fifteen Tons, and under the Burthen of

Thirty Tons, trading to or from any Port of Great Baiiain or Ireland* without proceeding to or

coming from any other Place or Country, Thrre-pence Sterling for each Ton of Burthen every Year they

shall fail to or from the Port and Harb< ur aforesaid; the Commencement of which Year to be reckoned

from the Time of their coming into or going out of the said Harbour after the Twenty-fourth Day of

Jfune, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and the Payment of the said Duty for the then

current Year, to be paij before clearing out of the Port and Harbour aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, Thar ail Ship* and WfleJs, Lighters, and Boats, coming into the Port and

Harbour of Port Glafvrw aforesaid, folcjy and on.y loaded with Fish, fresh or salted, or with Provisions

of any Kind; or solely and only lo.uled with Corn, Grain, or Meal, or with Stones, Slates, and Coals, cm llC1'

which shall be dischargtd within the Port and Harbour aforesaid, or that may proceed fiom thence

with the said Loading to any Part w ithin the River of Clyde; and all Lighters, Boats, and Vessels,

loaded with Salt and Calk only, going to or coming from the Herring Fishing; and all Ships or Vef-

ftls

