74

Treble Costs.

Public A&.

l’rcan.ble*

P.ut of Act

io Geo. 3.

iclarirR to

corr, mun Play

repealed.

Prfanrb'e.

Aii 6 Geo. 3.

'C. 16, 17. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Actions, or if upon any Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions, Judgement shall be given for

the Defendant or Defendants therein; then, and in any of the Cafes aforesaid, such Defendant or Defen-

dants {hall have Treble Costs; and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or

Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs, in any other Cafes by Law.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be taken and allowed

in all Courts of Justice as a public Acct; and all Judges, Justices, and others, are hereby required to take

Notice thereof as such, without the lame being specially pleaded.

CAP. XVI.

An Act to enable his Majesty to license a Playhouse in the Town of Liverpoole, in the County

Palatine of Lancaster.

c TI 7 HEREAS a licensed Playhouse in the Town of Livertode, in the County Palatine of Lancgd.^y

‘ would be of Convenience to the said Town f May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may

be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confirm

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-

thority of the fame, That so much of an Act of Parliament, made in the tenth Year of his late Majesty*

Reign, intituled, 4 An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign

4 of Queen June, intituled, An Act for reducing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggar/,

’4 and Vagrants, into one Act of Parliament; and for the more cifcdual turdfning such Rogues, Vagatcndiy

4 Sturdy Beggar Sy and Vagrants, and fending them whither they ovgtot to be jentf as relates to common Players

of Interludes; whereby all Persons are discharged to represent any Entertainment of the Stage whatever, in

virtue of Letters Patent from his Majesty, or by Licence of the Lord Chamberlain of his Majesty's House-

hold for the time being, except within the Liberties of JVcjhninftery orw-here his Majesty is residing for the

time being, be, and the fame is hereby repealed, with respect to the said Town of Liverpoole: And that it

shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and SuccelTbrs, to grant Letters Patent for establishing a

Theatre or Playhouse within the said Town of Liverpoole; which {hall be intitled to all the Privileges, and

subjedted to all the Regulations, to which any Theatre or Playhouse in Great Britain is intitled and sub-

jedted.

CAP. XVII.

An Act to explain and amend so much of an Adtof the sixth Year of his present Majesty, for

paving the Town and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, as relates to the Com-

rnifiioners of Sewers-, and for regulating the Manner of taxing Churches, and other pub-

lic Buildings, within the Limits of the said Act.

4 tl 7 HEREAS by an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King Gec'ge

the Third, intituled, An Act for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of

4 Southwark, and certain Places adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for deanfmgy lightings and watching

the JaniCy and aljb the Cotirts, Tardsy Alleys, and Paljages adjoining tneretOy and for preventing Annoyance:

4 therein; it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That when and so often as there shall be OccHlon to make

4 new or additional Grates over any Sewer or Sewers within the said Streets or Lanes, or either of them,

4 or to repair or alter any of the old Grates belonging to the Commissioners of Sewers in the said Streets or

4 Lanes, or either of them, the fame shall be made new, repaired, or altered, by and at the Expence of

the said Commissioners of Sewers: And it is also enacted, That when and so often ns any Sewer or Drain,

4 which is or shall be under the Direction of the Commissioners of Sew'ers, and which shall be situate in,

4 or communicating with the said Streets or Lancs, or either of them, shall require to be made new, re-

4 paired, altered, cleansed, or emptied, then, and in every such Cafe, the said Commissioners of Sewers

4 shall, within fix Days after Notice given to, or left for their Surveyor for the time being, at his Lft or

4 usual Place of Abode, by the said Commissioners appointed to put the said Act in Execution, or any

4 or more of them, or by the Surveyor or other Person authorised by them, make new, effectually repair,

4 clean, or empty such Sewer or Drain, as the Cafe may require; and in Default thereof it shall and may

4 be lawful to and for the said Commissioners appointed by the said Act, or any five or more of them, or

4 their Surveyor or Surveyors for the time being, to cause such Sewer or Drain to be made new, repaired,

4 altered, cleansed, or emptied, as the Cafe may require, or so much thereof as shall remain unfinished ;

the Charges and Expences whereof shall be paid by the Commissioners for putting the said Act in Execu-

4 tion, who shall be reimbursed the fame by the Clerk or Treasurer for the time being to the said Commis-

4 iioners of Sewers; and in case the said Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners of Sewers shall neg-

4 hot or refuse to pay what shall have been so paid and disbursed, within ten Days next after Notice thereof

4 shall be left at the Dwelling-house, or last Place of Abode of such Clerk or Treasurer, and ligned by the

4 Clerk to the Commissioners for putting the said Act in Execution, annexed to the Bill containing an Ac-

4 count of such Charges and Expences, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said last-mcmioncJ Com-

4 missioners, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause

4 to be brought, any Action or Actions in the Name of their Cleik for the time being, against such Clerk

4 or

Digi led by CooQle

