758 c. *6, Anno decioio tcfjtio OeQROii.lII. A.D. i/7>

any such Surveyor, or other Officer, to such Owner or Occupier, or by such Owner or Occupier to

such Surveyor or other Officer, to be left at their respective Places oF Abode with Come or One of their

respective Families, hear, settle, and determine, the Matters of the said Damages ; and the Deter*

mination of such Jthftices shall be final to the said Parties without any Appeal therefrom.

r©mmissioner« X^XVH. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Once in every Year, (that is

toCrdeAc- to say), at either of the said General Meetings, or on any subsequent Day to which the said Com-

countt. . ^ mjfRoners? or any j.'jvc or more of them, shall adjourn, Inspection shall he had by the said Commifa*

. sioners, or any Fiye or more of them, of the Receipts dnd Diffiurfements of such Monies as shall

have been raised and received by virtue of this Act for the Year then last past; and all Accounts

.....relating thereto, (bail, at such Meeting, be made up and settled by the said Commissioners, or any

Five or more of them, at which Time the Clerk, Treasurer, Collector, and Receiver, of the said

Taxes and Rates, and other Officers, are hereby required to attend with proper Books of Accounts of

Receipts and Dtfburfements, and all Vouchers for the fame; and, on considering and examining the!

said Account's, and all other Vouchers of ttoe Receipts and Disbursements of the Money raised and

received by virtue of this AS, the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, are hereby

rnrpowered to allow and *pass, under their Hands, the said Accounts, or' such Part or Parts thereof*

as they (halHhink just and reasonable ; and such Account or Accounts, or such Part or Parts thereof

as shall be so pa(Tcd and allowed, as aforesaid, shall be fairly entered in Books to be kept for that

Purpose ; which said Books, as well as all other Books for the entering of any Orders or Proceedings

.-of the said Commissioners, shall be kept by the Treasurer, or such other Person of Persons as the

said CommHIioners, of any Five or more of them, shall appoint, fot the Inspection of the several

Owners of Lands rated or taxed by virtue of this Act, or their Agents.

OUkcrttoic- 1 XXXVIII, And be it further <na6ted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Clerk.

c«»nt upon * }ot Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Officer.

Orth. or Officers, so appointed as aforesaid, shall, upon Oath, when thereunto required by thi/‘ said Com -

mifiianers, or any Five or more of them, (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any One or mom

of them, is and are hereby impowered to adminider), give in to the said Commissioners, or any Five

or more of them, a true, exact, and perfect Account, in Writing, under their respective Hands, with

proper Vouchers, of all Monies which he or they, or every or any^of them, shall, to fm h Time,

have received, paid, and disbursed, by virtue of this A&, or by reason of thfcir respe^dive Office or Of-

fices *, and in case the Monies so received, shall remain in his, their, or any of their Hands, the fame

shall be paid to the said Commissioners, or apy Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons

as they, or any Five or more of them, shall, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, autho-

' ' - - rife and impowerto receive the same: And in case any such Clerk, Collector,‘Receiver, Treasurer, or

' .other Officer, shall not give in and make such Account and Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse t«

deliverup all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his Custody, to the said Commissioners, or any Five

or more of them, or to such other Person or Persons, as they, or any Five or more of them, shall

order or diredfa; thats, irt either of the said Cafes, any One or more Justiceor Justices of the Peace for

‘ ' : ‘ ; the said County of Huntingdon shall and may make Inquiry of and concerning such Default as afore-

’ said. in a summary Way,* as well by ConFtffion of the Party as by the Testimony of One or more

~ ' credible Witnefa of “Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath the said Justice and Justices is and a*e hereby

aotHCrVfcd and required* to* administer without Fee or Reward) ; and if any such Clerk, Treasurer,

Receiver, Collector, or other Officer, (Jiall beconvided of all or any of the Offences aforesaid, such

* ~ Justiceor Justices shall, upon such Conviction, commit the Party to the common Gaol of the said

' - County of Huntingdon, until he shall have made a perfect Account and Payment, as aforesaid, and

delivered up allluch Books, Papers, and Writings, in his Custody, or (hill have compounded and

agreed with the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and paid such Compulsion -money j

which Compofrtion the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, arc hereby authorised and

impowered to make. * 4 ,

vpreewiinfsof 4 XXXfX. Provided always and be it enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said.

Cnmmissioners Comriffionefs, or any of them, at any of their Meetings to he held in pursuance of this Act,

to he enter©! in shall be entered in Books to he kept for that Purpose ; and that futh Orders ami Proceedings,

Boole#, &c. so entered, shall be signed by any Five or more of the said Commissioners so alVembled at such

Meetings.

NoO c’eros XL. Provided nevertuelefs, and be it enacted, That no Older whi(h flrall be maJe by the said

Com mi (Tinner * Co nmissioners, or any Five or more of them, it any of their Meetings by virtue of this Act, shall be

.to be rrvrrfed fcltcic J, reversed, annulled, or made void, at any subsequent Meeting, unit fs Notice inWti/ing, fat-

withnut 14U3V* ting forth the Indent of such Meeting, be affixed on the Outlide of the Church Door ot Yaxley *fore-4

*ol,cc* said. Fourteen Days before such subsequent*Meeting, and unless Seven or mo:e of the said ComiiJf-

sioners be present at such subsequent Meeting, and confant thereto.

Penalty on de- XLL And be it further enacleJ by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall

ftroying Works, wilfully and maliciously burn, cut, break down, demolish, or destroy, or cause, procure, or hire, any.

*£ ciotiy* , other Person or Persons *0 burn, cut, breakdown, demolish,-or destroy, any Bank, Mill, Engine,

* ‘,Flood-gate, Sluice, or Tuniul, already made, erected, or 11 fed, or which shall or may at any

, . ' , "Time or Times hereafter be making or erecting, or be made, eredfed, supported, maintained*

* *■or .11 fad, for the Purposes of draining and preserving the Lands and Ground; within the Limits.

.. aforcfaiJ, every Person and Persons so offending, and being convicted thereof, shall be guilty,

.of Felony1, and shall bg fubjccl and liable to the fixe Pains and Penalties as in Cafes of Felony;,

and

