348 C. 16.

Anno duodecimo GeIorgii III.

A.D. 1772.*

duties and Annuity, towards the making up the Deficiency of the Fund for 11

said Burgh of Canongate, Pleafance, and Leith-wynd, or so much thereof as mall

up such Deficiency.

Tcficieney of the XV. And be it further enacted by the Authorityaforesaid, That if the aforesaid Taek-duties and

the Streets of the

be wanted to make

Fund for watch- Annuity, authorised to be levied in virtue

ing and clean!- - — • - - —

in* '

tow'iobc Efficient for answering the Purposes of

^ the aforesaid Act of Parliament of Scotland, shall not be

that Act, and for defraying the Expence of watching and

supphtd*

cleansing the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and others, of the said Burgh of Canongate, Plcafance, and

Leith-wynd5 and that the aforesaid AiVefTment of Two and an Half per Centum, upon the Houses and

Tenements, shall be more than sufficient for answering the Purposes for which it is impost cu it

shall and may be lawful for the said Magistrates, Treasurer, and Prefes of the Stent-masters of Ca-

nongate, to apply the Surplus of the said Fund towards the making up the Deficiency of the Expence

necessary for watching and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and others, of the said Burgh of

Canongate, Pleafance, and Leith-wynd, or so much thereof as shall be thought necessary.

Expences of the XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Sums to be raised and levied, in virtue of this Act, shall be

Act to be paid in applied by the said Magistrates, Treasurer, and Prefes of the Stent-masters of Canongate, in the First

Place, to defray the Charges of passing this Act; and afterwards, wholiy and foJely to the Uses and

Purposes herein-before mentioned, and to no other Use or purpose whatsoever.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Magistrates, Treasurer, and Prefes of the Stent-

masters of Canongate, shall keep distinct and separate Accounts of all Monies raised, levied, and paid,

by virtue of this Act, from and upon account of the aforesaid Assessment, Tack-duties, and Annuity

respectively ; which Accounts shall be entered in a Book,* and signed by the Prefes and Clerk of the

said respective Meetings ; and the said Clerk shall permit any Person assessed to inspect the fame at

reasonable Times, paying Sixpence for each Inspection ; and shall, upon Demand, give Copies of the

-fame, or any Part thereof, to such Person, on his paying at the Rate of Sixpence for every Page con-

taining Two hundred Words.

XVIII. Saving and reserving to the City of Edinburgh all Jurisdictions, Commodities, Rights and

Privileges, competent and belonging thereto, within or over the said Burgh of Canongate and its said

Dependencies aforesaid, in the same Manner as the City and Community now have and enjoy, or

mhht enjoy the fame.

XIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts of

Justice as a Publick Act ; and all Judges, and others, arc hereby required to take Notice thereof as

such, without the fame being specially pleaded.

the fir& Place.

Accounts to be

kept.

Saving the

Slights of the

City of Edin-

burgh.

Public k Act.

freamble.

CAP. XVI.

An Act: for deepening, cleansing, scouring, preserving, and maintaining, the Harbour of

Port Glasgow, for enlarging and improving the Quays and Piers, for erecting new Breads,

Jettees, and Piers, and for regulating Ships, Lighters, and other Vessels, trading into and

going out of the said Harbour; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

f 'ITT HERE AS the Harbour of Port Glasgow, in the County of Renfrew, has of late Years, by

4 W the Flux and Reflux of the Tide, and various other causes, been greatly choaked, and filled

4 up with Mud and Dirt, which hinders Vessels of Burthen from getting into the Piers and Quays, and

4 exposes the Shipping lying in the said Harbour to many Dangers and Inconveniencies : An3 whereas

4 the Trade of the City of Glasgow, and Port of Port Glasgow, hath of late Years greatly increased,

4 and the Ships and Vessels now belonging to, and trading to and from the said Port, are more nume-

4 rous, and of larger Dimensions than heretofore : And whereas the Quays and Piers already made and

4 constructed, by and at the Expence of the Magistrates and City Council of Glasgow, within the said

4 Port and Harbour, are not sufficient for the Reception and convenient Lying of the Ships and Veflds

4 resorting thereto, and for the requisite and convenient Dispatch in lading and unlading the fame,

4 which render the deepening, cleansing, and scouring of the said Harbour, and the buildyig and erec-

* ting new and additional Piers and Quays, highly necessary, and the fame will be of great publick

4 Utility, as well as of Advantage to the Trade of the said City and Port: And as the deepening, ciean-

4 sing, and scouring, of the said Harbour, and the building and erecting the said new and additional

4 Piers and Quays, and other proper and necessary Works, will be attended with considerable Expence,

4 which the ordinary Revenue of the said City cannot defray ; and as the fame cannot be effected with-

4 out the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be

4 enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-

sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Magistrates and City

Council of Glasgow, and their Successors in Office, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint,

from Time to 1 ime, and at all l imes hereafter, as thpy shall fee Occasion, to deepen, clean, scour,

and preserve the said Harbour of Port Glasgow, and the Improvements and Additions which shall be

made thereto by virtue of this present Act, from Dirt and Mud, and other Obstructions whatsoever;

and also to build and erect, or cause to be built and erected therein, (except as herein after is excepted)

P ers and Quays of proper Dimensions, particularly a Mid Quay or Pier in the present Harbour, and

another Quay or Pier at and from a Point of Land called The Black Uoufe Nook, near the old Castle of

Newarky

u.

