A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 72. 6jj

Accounts, withiit the First Ten Sederunt Days of each Session,. or the Monies recovered by him since

the last accounting, until all the Fupds are divided. ‘.

XI. And be it further enacted, That such Creditors only who fh all have produced their Vouchers or. C' editors pt*

Grounds of D<bt, and proved the Verity thereof, before the pay fixed for each Distribution as before h-,ve «o* pipdo*

mentioned, {hall be intitkd to a Share in such Distributi n ; and such Creditors as {hall not have pro-

duced and proved the Verity of their Grounds of Debt, shall only be intitkd to a rateable Piopoition cnlv to I rateable

correspondent to the Balances then due toihe other Creditors, in any Distiibution to be made, after their Proponiaa.

Grounds of Debt are produced, and the Verity proved as aforesaid.

XII# And be it further ena£led by the Authority aforesaid, That the Fail or, before receiving his P^ualty 'f

Warrant or Commission from the Court, (hull be bound to give Security, to the Satisfaction of the

Court, for his doing exafl Diligence in performing his Duty as a Factor; and if he shall fail in doing i5°^(,er ,’}fc

his Duty in any of the^Articles before mentioned, he shall be liable in a Penalty not uik.er Five Pounds, 5i# ail<j n,n cx.

and not exceeding Thirty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain^ to be applied in Payment of the ceding jol#.

Creditors ; and further, if he shall be guilty of embezzling or concealing any Part of the Debtor’9

Fftare, he {hall be liable in Treble the Value of what he so embezzles or conceals, and which (lull

also be applied in Payment of the Creditors ; and the Factor shall not keep in his Hands, at any Time,

more than One hundred Pounds Sterling of thcvDcbtor’s Money; and what Money shall come in:o his

Hands above that Sum, he shall forthwith lod e in the Bank of Scotland, or Rcyal Bank^ or with a Bank-

ing Company, in the Manner before directed, upon such reasonable Interest as can be got for the

N’oney not more than One per Centum under the legal Interest, otherwise he shall be liable for the

legal Interest thereof, and the Fa£lor shall have such Allowance for his Trouble as the Court shall judge

proper, at every Distribution, not exceeding in whole Five per Centum of the Sums, recovered ; and

the Court may remove the Factor, upon Cause shewn; and, upon such removal or Fador’s Death,

appoint another in his Place, in Manner aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Creditors who claim upon Creditor* Share#

Debts, whereof the Term of Payment is not come at the Time of the Distribution, may nevertheless,

upon difeounting the legal Interest to the Term of Payment, draw^heir Shares in Proportion to m

what remains after such Discount ; and the Shares of Creditors, not called for at the Time of the Dif-

tribution, shall be lodged by the Factor in One of the Banks, or with a Banking Company in Manner

before directed, at such Interest as can he got for the fame, not more than One ter Centum under the

le^al Interest; and the Names of the Persons to whom such Shares are due shall, immediately after

such Distiibution, be publtshed by Advertisement as the Court shall direct, the Expence whereof shall

be paid by the Bank, or Banking Company, with whom the Money shall be lodged, and shall be re-

tained by such Bank, or Banking Company, out of the Money due when Payment comes to be

made.

XIV. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That, in the making up Casts in case of Doubt*,

or Schemes for distributing the Debtors Effects, all Debts claimed upon, which are intitled to a Pre- the Debit intitkd

ference by the Law of Scotland, not altered by this Act, {hall be preferred accordingly; and if any

Doubt arises about the Preference, and if the Difnute is likely to occasion any considerable Delay, a 8 in c

Share equal to the Debt claimed in Preference shall be lodged in One of the Banks, or with a Banking

Company, at such Interest as can be got, not more than One per Centum under the legal Interest, in

Manner before directed, subje<3 to the after Disposal of the Court.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Factor authorised by Three-fourths of the Creditors in Factor miy sub-

Value, present at a Meeting, to be called for that Purpose by Advertisement in the Manner herein-^to Ajbilr,a’

after mentioned, may submit to Arbitration, or compound, or fell by Auction* any Claims competentl,on*

to the Debtor.

XVI. And be it further enacted. That the Time and Place of all the Meetings to be held in virtue NoCiHit r to

of this Act shall be advertised in the Manner herein-after mentioned; and at such Meeting the Credi- Vo f»

tors may either appear by themselves, or by any Person authorised to Act for them ; and Pupils and Mi- ^cxc^cdVo^

non may appear by their Tutors and Curators, or by any of them, or by a Person properly authorised D0 txccc 10

to act for such Pupils and Minors ; and no Creditor shall have a Vote at such Meetings whose Debt docs

not exceed Ten Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain ; and the Minutes of such Meetings, lub-

feribed by the Pr< fes of the Meeting, elected by a Majority of the Creditors present, or others intitled to

act for them, {hall bear Faith.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Arreflment of a Debtor’s per- Aircler oMigra

fonal Estate, or any Part of it, ukd at any Time within Thirty Days before an Application for a Se- tlu-

questration of such per fonal Estate, under the Authority of this Act, shall give any Preference to the ajrrcfte'J»

arresting Creditor, in the Event of a Scquestration taking Place: and the Arreflee shall be obliged to

deliver the Effects arrested, or pay what he owe3 to the Insolvent Debtor to the Factor appointed, as if

no such Arrestmcnr had been used; and if the Arrestee has delivered the Effects, or paid the Money ar-

rested to the Arrtfter, by virtue of a Decreet of Forthcoming, or any other Authority whatever, the

Arrester shall be obliged to pay or deliver the fame to the Factor appointed by the Court.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Poinding of a Debtor’s Ef- Poindcrobiiya

sects, not completely executed Thirty Days before an Application for a Sequestration of the Debtor’s deliver to the

personal Estate, under the Authority of thk Act, shall give any Right or Preference to the Poinder, in Fa?°r*heG#0<i*

ihc Event of a Sequestration taking Place; but" the Poinder shall he obliged to deliver to the Factor the po,ncc

Goods poinded, not fold or disposed of, when he is required so to do; and if they are then fold or dif-

VOL.XI. 4M posed

