A.D. 1771.

Anno unclecimo Georgii III.

C. 9*

25

his or her appearing, or making Default to appear (Oath being made that the Party complained of was

served with such Summons, or that the fame was left at his or her Dwtliing-house or Place of Abode, if

know'n, or that he or she could not be found) such Justice shall proceed to examine the Matter of r! c ibid

Complaint, and, upon Proof thereof, either by Confession of the Party complained of, or by the Oath of

oncer more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall award and order such Satisfaction to be made by the

Party complained of, for the Damage fu by him or her done, as to such Julbice ll 1 a 11 appear juit and rca-

sonable; and shall catife the Sum so awarded (in case the fame be not paid forthwith upon the making

such Award or Order) to be levied by Distrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person com-

plained of, rendering to him or her, upon Demand, the Overplus, if any be, after the Charges of prois-

cutinp such Complaint, and of such Distrcfs and Sale, shall be deduced.

TXXIX. And be it further enr.&cd. That all Money expended by or recovered against any Commis- CoWffi r.^«

fioner or Commissioners, in any Action or Prosecution hereby directed to be brought by them, or in

defending any Action or Prosecution brought against them, or any other Pei Ion or Persons employed by k

cr under them, for any Matter or Thing done in the Execution or Performance of his or their Office or

Offices, Employment or Employments, under this Act, or in pursuance of any Order or Orders of the

said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them (and which Money shall not be recovered or received

strain by such CommilEoner or Commissioners, or other Person or Persons, from any such Defendant or

Defendants, Plaintiff* or Plaintiffs) shall be borne and defrayed out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of

the Kates or A fled men ts herein before directed to be made, or fomc of them.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That if the Collector of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this on ofi-

Act, or other Officer to be appointed by virtue hereof, or any Constable, Headborough, Tyrhingmnn,ter ”'.t

or other Peace Officer for the time being, or any or either of them, or any or either or the said Watch- ,n* hiS Jiy#

men, shall refuse, neglect, or omit to do, perform, or execute all or any of the Articles, Matters, nr

'Things, in and by this Act directed to he done, performed, or executed by them respectively, every Inch

Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings: Provided that

nothing herein contained dial 1 be conitrucd to deprive the said Commissioners, or any of them, of any

Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, against every such Collector or other Officer, or their or citWr of their

Securities, for the Non-performance of any Covenant or Agreement entered into by the said Collector or

other Officer, or their Securities.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by tiffs Act incurred (the Man- P’";

ner ot recovering whereof is not otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied by Distrcfs and Sale or the

Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of one or

more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City, or for the County or Place where f:ch G. Fender

or Offenders shall be or reside, which Warrant the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby imnoweicd

and required to grant, such Offender or Offenders having been previouffy convicted of any Offence^ or

Offences ch.ne or committed contrary to the true Intent of this Act, bcloic any one or more ol the la: 1

Tuffice or Justiceis, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or WitivJRs; and the Penalties an I

Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any be) when demanded, to the Party or

Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be lo distrained and fold (the Chirgcs of such Distrcfs and Sa's

being first deducted) shall be paid to the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and shall he

applied (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act) for and towards the Purposes of this Act, or

fomc of them, in such and the same Manner as the Money a r iff re from the Rates or Ailellments herein

betorc mentioned is directed to be applied; and in case fufRcient Distrcfs cannot be found, and such Penal- v/hyyP.Prr!*

tics and Forfeitures shall not be paid, it shall and may be lawful for Inch Justice or just ices, and lie or not

they is and arc hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his or their HunJ and Seal, or Hands

,:'’S 3rd

: ii vr

ret 'f-ici

«i;ia iiv-j.

fail Pa.ilh.s or Places shall be admitted to give Evidence, the Rate or Ail.ii runt charged as> aloielaid upon wuik.Ks.

any such li.h:.1 itant by virtue of tiffs Act notwithstanding

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons (lull be fubjcT or Irishrmi-'n

habit- to the Payment of any of the Penalties or Forfeitures inffktcJ by virtue of this A A, for any Om-mc

cr (;fftncc< against this Act, unless Information shall be given of such Offence or Ofi.jiers wry in three lU c 4

Months next after the Offence committed, favc and except the Penalties in and by this Act mfhcUd for

N on pivment of the Rates or Ailefiincnts in and determined by this Act directed to be made.

TXXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, l int it shall and m:»v h? 1 ivvyal to and for the IA:r~r*i

fa.J Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, from time to time, it they Ih di ( e C ause, to p :y and rr u-.wt.rJ.

apply such Parted the Penalties and Forfeitures in anil by this Act inflicted or imp >»ed, or any ol tium,

3*1 they shall think proper, n >t exceeding one Moiety of them, to and for the Lie of the (morin-v or

Infoimers of any Offence or Oilencts against this Act, or any of them j any I hing heutn cont.ffiieJ to

the comrary notwithflaniling.

TXXXiV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Conviction shall be b. d for my T> rna of CV*-

Offence or Ofknrcs committed against this Act, or ngainfl any Order ot cession, or any M -tier in P'*r- 4 u*'*

fuance of this Act, the Form ot Conviction shall be in the W ord-, or to the Effect so.lowing! ih-t J*

to say,

W. XI. E

