236 Ci 43*

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

A.D. i77r.

Poor may be let

out for Work,

r delivered to

Parents, &c.

Power to borrow

lkloaej.

Workhouses in

the several l’a-

rilhes in ti e

111 ind verted in

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Directors and

?6!ing Guardians may, on Application made by any Farmer or cdier Person wanting a Number of the said

Children, or of the said other poor Persons, in Harvest, or other Work suited to the Strength and Ability*

of the said Children, or other poor Person?, let out such Number of the said Children, or other poor Per-

fons, ns shall be required, on a Contract for their Labour and Maintenance, at such Wages as shall be

agreed for between the said Directors and atting Guardians and the Person or Persons hiring such Children,

or other poor Persons; which Wages shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Guardians, and shall be by

him accounted for, and be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

IX. Provided also, That if the Parents, Kindred, or friends of Children so maintained by the said

Guardians, shall either, when the said respective Children shall attain their said respective Ages of Eighteen

3nd Sixteen Years, or at any Time before, be desirous or willing to receive, maintain, and employ such

Children, and such Children shall be willing to be so received, maintained, and employed, it shall be

lawful for the said Directors and acting Guardians, if they shall think so proper, to dismiss such Children.

X. And be it further enattted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said

Direttors, until the said acting Guardians shall be chosen, and for the said Directors and atting Guardians,

after the said acting Guardians shall be chosen, from time to time, to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money

for the Purposes of this Act, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of twelve thousand Pounds, at an In-

terest not exceeding four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and to assign over by Writing, signed by seven of

the said Directors at the I c a ft, under the Common Seal of the said Corporation, all or any Part of the Poor’s

Rates to be collected within the said Isle of Wight, in pursuance of this Act, as a Security for the Repay-

ment of the Principal and Interest of the Money so to be borrowed; and such Securities may be, from time

to time, ailigned and transferred, by Indorsement or otherwise, without Stamps; and such Alignments

and Transfers shall intitlc the Person to whom the fame shall be made, to all Principal and Interest Monies

due, and to grow due, upon such Securities.

6 XI. And, in order that the Sum to be borrowed for the Purposes of this Act may be the lese burthen-

4 some,* Be it enabled determined by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Workhouses now belonging to the

several and respective Parishes in the JJlc of Wight aforesaid, together with the Lands thereunto belonging,

Trurteep to be be VL’fte<E and the fame arc hereby veiled in Sir John Barrington of Swain/fan, in the said Isle of Weighty

/old for the Pur- Baronet; Sir Richard JVorJley of Appuldercombc, in the said Ijh of I Wight, Baronet; and Sir JVHUam Oglan-

poses 0/this Act# der of Nunwell, in the said Ijle of Wight, Baronet; and their Heirs and Assigns for ever, upon Trust; that

they the said Sir John Barrington, Sir Richard JVorJley, and Sir I Villi am (Jglander, and their Heirs, shall

and do sell and convey the said several and respective Houses and Lands to inch Person or Persons as shall

be willing to purchase the fame, and shall and do pay the Monies arising by such Sale or Sales into the

Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Corporation, to be applied for defraying the Expences of

obtaining, and other the Purposes of this Acct.

Prorifo. XII. Provided always, That if any Parish or Parishes shall, in order to elude the Purposes of this Act,

fell or convey their Workhouse or Workhouses, or the Lands thereunto relpcclively belonging, or any

Part thereof; that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Directors and atting Guardians, at their

Meeting for r.fceitaining the Proportion each Parish is to pay towards the Maintenance of the Poor, to

advance the Rates of such Parish or Parishes so felling or conveying such Houses or Lands as aforesaid, in

proportion to the Value of the House or Land so fold, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum.

Rewiris to be XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Directors and ailing Guar-

made to Officers. dians shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, to allow such Rewards to such Treasurer, Clerk,

and other Officers, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, as to the said Directors and ailing

Guardians shall, from time to time, seem reasonable; and also to take Security by Bond, in a sufficient Pe-

\ nalty, with Sureties, from such Treasurer or Treasurers, or other Persons, for the due Execution of his or*

their OfHce or Offices.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Treasurer, Clerk, or any

other Officer or Officers, shall continue in his, her, or their Office or Offices only during the Pleasure of

the said Direttors and atting Guardians; and that it shall be lawful for the said Directors and the acting

Guardians to be chosen in Manner herein after directed, who shall be present at any General Quarterly

Meeting herein after appointed, by Ballot, to displace them, or any of them, and upon their Removal,

Death, or Resignation, to chuse others in his, her, or their Stead.

4 XV. Whereas his Majesty, in Right of his Crown, is fcifccl of or intitled unto the Forest of ParPhttrfly

in the Ijle cf IViglt, of very great extent, and at present yielding little Profit, save to the several Owners

and Proprietors of Freehold Estates within the said Isle, who have or claim an unlimited Right of Com-

4 men upon the said Forest: And whereas some Part of the said Forest, not fardistant from the Town of

4 Newport, in the f id Isle of I Wight, will be a very convenient and commodious Situation for the placing

c a House or Houses for the Reception of the Poor, and making the ncccifiry Buildings and Accommoda-

4 tions for the Purposes of this Att, and if a small Portion of the said Forest was veiled in the said Guar-

4 dians of the Poor, and their Kuccefiors, to be used and employed for the erecting and providing a Houfo

4 or Houses, with such Buildings md Accommodations as aforesaid, the good Purposes of this Act would

4 be greatly furthered and affiiled Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and

may be lawful to and for his Majesty, and he is hereby enabled to make a Grant, under the Exchequer

I'urp feofbuiJJ- Seal, of such Part or Portion of the said Forest of Parkhurst, as his Majesty’s Governor of the Ijle of Wight

ing Houses, for the time being, and the said Sir John Barrington, and Sir William Oglandrr, and James H or fey of Sten~

bury, in the Ijle of Wight aforesaid, Esquire \ Henry Roberts of Standen, in the Isle off Wight aforesaid, Ef~

quire 5

Removal of Of

fleets.

Mr Mqrfty, in

Fxight ^of th?

Crown, is infi-

lied to t\e Forest

of Parkhurst in

thclfleofWighq

Grant of Part

therejf fort ha

