z6

C# 9*

Anno nndecimo Georgii III. A.D. 177X1

|^E it remembered, that on this

or County of

to wit9

Day of in the

___Year of the Reign of A. B. is convicted before

41 of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said or County [as the Cafe /hall happen] of

€i having [as the Offence/ball be] and [I or we] the said do adjudge

<c [iim9 ber9 or them] to forfeit and pay for the fame the Sum of

u Given under my Hand and Seal [or our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid.’*’

Offender to pay LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be guilty of any Offence,

the Expence of Neglect, Gr Omission against this Act, or any of the Powers or Directions herein contained, and shall be

“T1 thereupon summoned before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace; or if any Person or Persons

shall be convicted by any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of any such Offence, Neglect, or

OmiiTion, every such Person and Persons shall pay the Costs of such Summons or Conviction, according*,

to the Fees herein directed to be taken by Justices of the Peace, or their Clerks; and the Distress to be

taken in consequence of such Conviction shall be for such Costs, as well as the other Monies for which

such Distress shall be made; any Statute, Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwith—

standing.

Justice* allowed

to take Fee«. or

be as follow; that is to say, For each and every In form aFion, Summons, or Conviction, against a fmgle

Person, one Shilling; and against more than one Person, two Shillings; for every Warrant of Distress,

two Shillings; and for every Recognizance, two Shillings and Sixpence; and no greater or other Fees

shall be taken by any such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or his or their Clerk or Clerks, for any Matter

or Thing to be done by him or them in or about the Execution of this Act, on any Account or Pretence

whatsoever.

Not to extend to LXXX VII. Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to such Fees as shall

Fees due for be jue for nny Business to be done at the General or other Sections of the Peace in and for the City or

SeffitR-s* ^ thC bounty aforesaid, or any Adjournment thereof; but that such Fees shall be there taken as are usually taken

1L * in the like Cafes.

LXXXViil. Provided also, That all Matters and Things herein di refled to be done, performed, or

executed, by any Constable or Constables, or which, in consequence or in the Execution of this Afl, or

any Power or Authority herein contained, shall be necessary to be done, performed, or executed, by any

Constable, Headborough, Tythingman, or other Peace Officer, shall be done, performed, and executed,

by such Constable, Headborough, Tythingman, or other Peace Officer, without any Fee or Reward

whatsoever.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor of the said

<X I U I 4 I

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Fees to be taken by any Justice or Justices of the Peace,

r his or their Clerk or Clerks, for any Matter or Thing to be done in the Execution of this Act, shall

Conftjbles and

others to act

without Feet.

Commissionert

may aa as juf- Qty for the time being, and for the other Justices of the Peace for the said City, to act as Justices of the

c ’ Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being appointed Commissioners.

XC. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justice

or Justices of the Peace before whom any of the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed shall be

recovered, to mitigate, compound, or lessen any of the Penalties or Forfeitures aforesaid, as he or they in

their Discretion shall think fit, unless such Penalties are herein before expressly ascertained, so as that the

fame be not mitigated, or reduced to less than one fourth Part thereof.

Distress not un- XCI. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money

lawful for want to be levied by this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making

t Form, the fame be deemed a.Trefpufler or Trespafters, on account of any Defefl or Want ol Form in any Pro-

ceeding relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a T«efpaftei cr I'ldpa/Ters

ah iniiiOy on account of any Irregularities which shall afterwards be done by the Party or Pame:. diltrain—

ing; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for

the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That when the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhaM recover in any Action,

he, she, or they shall be paid his, her, or their full Coffs of Suit, and have the like Remedies for recover-

ing the fame as for the Recovery of Costs in other Cafes by Law,

aCIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself,

herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in purfuar.ee of this Act, such Person or Persons shall

Quarter Session* and may, within three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall arise, appeal to the Just-

r the County. tjces Qf tbc peace at the General Quarter Sections of the Peace to be holden in and for the County of

Southampton, such Appellant or Appellants first giving, or causing to be given. Notice in Writing of his,

her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or causes thereof, to the Clerk or Trea-

surer to the said Commissioners, within two Days next ifter such Notice, entering into a Recognizance or

Recognizances before some Justice of the Peace in and for the said County, with two sufficient Sureties,

conditioned to try such Appeal, mentioned in such Notice* and abide the Order, and pay such Costs as

shall he awarded by the Justices of the said County, and the Matter of such Appeal dial 1 be heard and

determined by the said Justices for the said City and County, at the next General Sections of the Peace

to be^ held in and for the said County, or any Adjournment thereof, or at any Adjournment of the then

last General Sessions of the Peace in and for the said County, which of the three shall first happen ntxc

' alter

Power to miti-

gate Penalties.

Costs of Suit

how to be to

covered.

Persons may

appeal to the

