A.D. 1772, Anno duodecimo III. C. 72; 63.5

Session, and Lord Ordinary on the Bills, in Time of Vacartce, notwithstanding such Appeal, to make the Court t»

such Orders, and direct such Proceedings, as shall a’ppear to be expedient for preventing the Estate of ncceffuy

the Debtor from being embezzled, secreted, or dilapidated, while the Appeal is pendant “

Order*

XXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Creditor who has used the Di- Creditors who

igence of Homing and Caption against his or ner Debtor, shall be prevented from imprisoning Ids or ^avc^ccd

her Debtor, by the Debtor’s having obtained a personal Protection from'the Court of Session, or the led uy the Court*

I Afn 1 rn 1 n o r *• An t k a R111 c? in m if/i n aa a f fh 1 o A /V m fk a ^ A n ia) a t» aa! f a n iMAmkAnd 1 k*i 1^ _ c e . /V._t ..-

Lord Ordinary on the Bills, in pursuance of this Act; the Messenger employed to apprehend the Debtor, of Session from

returning, in his Execution, that he has been prevented from imprisoning the Debtor, by the Debtor’s imprisoning their

having obtained such personal Protection, shall, in all Anions and Questions that may arise upon'the

Construction and Effect of the Act of Parliament of Scotland\ passed in One thousand six hundred and deemed equal to

ninety-six, intituled, An AcI for declaring nottour Bankrupts, be held and deemed equal to Imprisonment. imprisonment.

XXX. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if Two-thirds in Majority of Cre-

Value of the Creditors present, by themselves, or others impowered to act for them, at the Meeting ad- dror« may chuse

vertifed forchufing a Second Factor, and having proved their Debts in Manner before directed, shall aTruf.ee, in

judge it to be more for the Interest of the Creditors to manage the Bankrupt’s personal Estate by the pi*o(aFa&ot.

Assistance of Trustees, than to continue it under the Management of a Factor appointed by the Court

of Session, it shall be lawful for them to chuse a Trustee or Trustees, for that Purpose, at that Meet-

ing ; or for Two thirds of the Creditors in Value, at any subsequent Meeting called for that Put-pofc by

Advertisement, in Manner herein-after mentioned, published Thirty Days at least prior to the Day of

Meeting, to chuse such Trustee or Trustees, arid upon the Minutes of the Creditors making Choice

of such Trustee or Trustees being produced to the Court, With an Acceptance on the Pair of the Tru-

ftee or Trustees named, the Court shall, and they are hereby required to make an Act or Order, de-

claring the personal Estate of the Bankrupt within Scotland to be vested intheTrustee or'Trustees elect-

ed for the Benefit of the whole Creditors, and di reding the Factor to convey to the Trustee or Trustees-

all the personal Estate of the Bankrupt out of Scotland, which has been conveyed to him by the Bank-

rupt, so far as had not been recovered ; and to d liver to the said Trustee or Trustees, or to any Faftot

to be appointed by them, in Manner hereafter directtd, every Part of the Bankrupt’s personal Estate,

and all Writings concerning the fame, and to pay the Balance that shall appear to be due upon his Ac-

counts, he receiving such Sum for the Trouble lie has been at as the Court shall direct; and from thence-

forth the Sequestrat.on shall cense, and the Management of the Bankrupt’s personal Estate shall be com-

mitted to the Trustee or Trustees.

XXXI. Ai d be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustee or Trustees may Trustect m*y

either Ad in the Management of the Bankrupt’s Estate, or may appoints Fador, for whom they shall ckttfe4 F«£tor#

be answerabic, to act for them, and may give such a reasonable Reward to such Fador for his Trouble,

not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling per Centum, of the Money recovered by him, or such other Allow-

ance ?s may be specified in; the Minutes of the Creditors wherein the Trustee or Trustees are elected.

XXXII. And be ic likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Two thirds of the Creditors in Majority of Cre»

Value may, at any Meeting, remove the Trustee or Trustees, and appoint another or others in their d,t°re*

Piece ; and the former Trustee or Trustees, after receiving a Copy of the Minutes appointing the new oppoiiato-

Trustee or T ruftees, and of the Acceptance of {he new Trustee or Trustees, subscribed by the Prefest^cn.

of the Meeting, shall be bound to account to the new Trustee or Trustees for their or his Management,

anJ to deliver to such new'['ruftce or Trustees, or to the Fador to be appointed by them, and for whom

they shall be answerable, all Effects which belonged to the Bankrupt in their Custody, and all Papers

concerning the fame, with a Convey mce to the new Trustee or Trustees of such Parts of the Bankrupt’s

Estate as have not been recovered ; and upon the Death of any Trustee or Trustees, Two-thirds of the

Creditors in Value, may* at any Meeting, appoint another or others in his or their Place.

XXXIII. Provided always. That the Meeting where such Removal and Appointment of Trustees Meeting for such

are made shall be'cailed by One or more Creditors, by Advertisement as is herein-after mentioned ; ca^vba A^r.

which Advertisement shall be repeated twice at the least, Fofty Days before the Day of Meeting, and tiiement. "

contain an Intimation of the Purpose for which the Meeting is called,

and appointed, and {ball be bound to account to the,Creditors for the legal Interest of all Money re-

covered f rom the Bankrupts, that shall appear to be in their Hands* or in the Hands of their Fador,

at any Time, exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds lawful Money of Great Britain, except in f>

far as this Rule may be relaxed by the Creditors in their Minutes, irr which the Trustee or Trustees arc

elected and appointed. /

XXXV. A11J be it further enacted, That, for the Purpose of carrying this Act more effectually into Cour* to appoint

Execution, the Court of Session shall be, and hereby is, authorised and required, to appoint, from ^nc ird‘n*

Time to Time, One publick Papper, printed at Edinburgh, wherein may and shall be infeited all such ajj,r*ich Advert

Advertisements as are herein before directed to be published. f tisement*. ;

* XXXVI. And whereas it would be advantageous to Trade in that Part of Great Britain cailed Scot- After Mav re.

1 lardy that Promiftbry Notes were allowed the like summary Execution and other Privileges whh Bills ;*> 1772, PremifTory

be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Fifteenth Day of A/ay, to b- ar ln-

Onc thousand seven hundred od seventy-two, the fame Diligence Execution shall be competent, tcrea

and shall proceed upon Promiftbry Nous,- whether holograph or nor, as is provided to pass upon Bibs

4 M 2 of

