S34 C. 9.

Anno duodecimo Gtone 11 HI. A.D. 1772.

Frorifo.

Im4i to be

trantfefrabte.

bouth Levels,

b»>w to be ap-

plied

the said Act of the Twentieth of King Charles the Second, and the Valuations made in pursuance

thereof.

III. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators,

of the said Corporation, from Time to Time, to rate, tax, charge, or assess, all such Parts of the said

Eighty-three thousand Acres, and Twelve thousand Acres, as lie within the said Middle or South Le-

vels, with any further Tax which they the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, shall judge ne-

ccflary, in the same Manner as they might have done before the making of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Bonds to be given by the said Corpo-

ration for the Money to be borrowed by them as aforesaid, as well as the Bonds already given for the

without Sumps. fajj ]}ebt of Thirty thousand seven hundred Pounds, shall be transferable or afRgnabie, by Indorse-

Assignments to ment upon the original Bonds, without Stamp, to any Person or Persone whomsoever; and such Trans-

be entered with fer or Assignment being produced to the Regiiter of the said Corporation, and by him entered in a Book

the Register of to kCpt for tfoat purpQfe (which Entry the said Register is hereby required to make upon Rtquest, the

orpon person producing such Transfer or Assignment paying the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence for

every such Entry) shall intitle the Person or Persons to whom such Transfer or Assignment shall be

made his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to the Money secured by such Bonds,

and all Interest due, or to grow due thereupon; and such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, and their Ex-

ecutors and Administrators, may, in like Manner, by Indorsement, without Stamp, assign and transfer

such Bonds so assigned as aforesaid, and so toties quotia% as Occasion shall require; every such Assign-

ment being entered in such Book as aforesaid.

Money raiM V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and singular the Rents, Taxes,

by the Corpo* an(jj Sums of Money, to be received, raised, or levied, by the said Corporation, from, upon, or on

theuxabl^Landt ^couiit of, such Part of the said Ninety-five thousand Acres as lie within the said Middle or South Le-

in Middle and vels, or either of them, shall be charged or chargeable, in the first Place, with the Payment of the afore-

said Debt of Thirty thousand seven hundred Pounds, and of all such other Sum9 of Money as shall be

borrowed upon account of the said Middle and South Levels as aforesaid, and of the Interest of such

Debt and Sums of Money; and the Receiver of the said Corporation for the Time being, is hereby itn-

powered and required, out of the first Money which shall from Time to Time come to his Hands, ari-

sing from the Rents, Taxes, and Revenues, of the said Middle and South Levels to pay the Interest of the

Bonds entered into, and to be entered into, upon account of the said Middle and South Levels, and al-

so the Principal Money due upon such Bonds, upon like Notice left at the Office'of the said Cor-

a t poration.

ney°roiccouiit VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, Thit in case

of the Middle any of the Bonds given by the said Corporation upon account of the said Middle and South Levels, shall

and South Le- not be paid by the said Receiver pursuant to such Notice left or given as aforesaid, then the Rents,

be not paid Taxes, and Revenues, of the said Middle and South Levels, shall vest in the Person or Persons possessed

by Recwvkr, cf such goncj9> until the fame, together with all Interest due, and to become due, thereupon, shall be

Ae.°to be Veiled fully satisfied and paid; and such Person or Perfoils, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall

in Person* pof- have the fame Power, Rights, and Privileges, of recovering the said Rents, Taxes, and Revenues, of

fdTed of such the said Middle and South Levels, as the said Corporation would have had in case such Bonds had been

Bond*: regularly and fully paid and satisfied.

ButnoMoney VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no Money

to borrowed by the said Corporation, upon acaotuit of the said, Middle and South Levels, or either of

cbJrerf on the them, shall be charged or chargeable upon any of the Rents, Taxes, or Revenues, of the said Corpo-

Rent*, &c. of ration, arising within the said North Level, or any Part thereof.

North Level. VIII, Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Money to be

How the Money borrowed in pursuance of this Act, as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, shall not be applied by the said

borrowed it to Corporation to any other Works but the repairing, maintaining, and preferring, the South Banks of

Morctoris Leame, beginning at Standground\ the North Bank of the Hundred Foot from Erith to Salters

Load\ the Bank from the Hard Lanas of Swafry to the Hermitage; the South Bank of the Hundred Foot

from the Hermitage to Denver Sluice5 the Welt Bank of The Ouse from Denver Sluice to Littlcport; the

Weft Bank of The Grants from Harrtmeer to Clayhithe\ the East Bank of The Ouf:y from Hclgay Creek

to Harimcer; and the East Bank of The Grants from Harimeer to Clayhithe; and the several Sluices and

Gates adjoining to those Banks.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no more than the Sum

of Six thousand Pounds of the Money to be borrowed in pursuance of this Act, shall be applied for the

pphed only in Purposes aforesaid; except in case of actual Breach of some or One of the Banks before mentioned;

Breach of Bank an^ that the Sum of Six thousand Pounds, Residue of the Money so to be borrowed in pursuance of

’this Act. shall be applied only in repairing the Breaches which shall, from Time to Time, happen in

and ro be repaid the said Banks, or any of them: And, to the End that there may always be a sufficient Fund to repair

so 48 to be a pci- the Bre?ches which may from Time to Time, happen in the said Banks; b« it further enacted by the

i*tu.ii Fund for Authority aforesaid, That all such Sums of Money as shall be so applied in repairing and amending such

thitVuipofc. Breaches of Banks, shall, from Tiny to Time, be repaid and rcimbursed by the said Corporation, out

of their general yearly Revenue arising from the Rents and Taxes of the said Middle and South Levels

(but subject, and without Prejudice, to the Debts of the said Corporation, and to the Remedies given

for recovering the fame); at the yearly Rate of Ten Pounds for every One hundred Pounds advanced

for the Purpose aforesaid, and so in proportion for a greater or lesser Sum, till the capital Sums so ad-

vanced (without any Interest for the lame) shall, from Time to Time, be repaid or reimbursed; and that

3 the

be applied.

The Sum of

6eoo 1. to be

