The TITLES of

Studley Bridge; and from Cherill to the Three Mile Bo-

rough, at the Top of Cherill Hill, in the County of

Wilts.

102. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the

Powers of an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of His

present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening

the Road from the Wav-post, in the Parish of Harding-

ston, in the County of Northampton, to Old Stratford,

in the said County.

103. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Terms and

Powers of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-fuss: Year of

His late Majesty, and Ninth Year of His present Ma-

jesty’s Reign, for repairing several Roads in the Coun-

ties of Montgomery, Merioneth, and Salop; and for re-

pairing several other Roads therein mentioned,

t°4. An Act to enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, made

in the Eighth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His

present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navi-

gable Cut or Canal, from the Firth or River of Forth,

at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the

County of Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at

at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the

"County of Dumbarton, and also a collateral Cut from

the fame to the City of Glasgow*, and for making a

navigable Cut or Canal of Communication from the

Port and Harbour of Borrowjhunnefs, to join the said

Canal, at or near the Place where it will fall into the

Firth of Forth.

i°5. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in

Repair, the Road from the Guide-post at the Weft End

of the Town of Hampton, over Sunbury Common, to the

Town of Staines, in the County of MiddleJ'ex.

106. An Act for enlarging and altering the Terms and

Powers of Two several Acts, made in the Thirteenth

Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the

Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Se-

cond, for repairing the Roads leading from the Town

of Bromesgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County

of ITorejier, and from the said Town of Bronnfgrove

to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Ihnr-

ivick, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing of

the said Road, leading from the Town of Bromefgrovt

to the Town of Dudley.

107. An Act for enlarging and altering the Term and

Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of

the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the

Roads leading from the Market-house in Stourbridge,

and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of

JVorccJler, Stafford, Salop, and Warwick, respectively.

10N An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

the North Turnpike Road near Scot Gate, otherwise

Sco Gate, in the Town of Stamford, in the County of

Lincoln, to Oakham, in the County of Rutland, and

from Oakham, through Burley, to a Gate on the

North Side of a certain Clol'e, in the fniJ Lordship of

Barley, called Booth's Clef, adjoining to the open

Fields of Cottcfmore, in the said County of Rutland.

109. An Act for more effectually amending several Roads

leading from the City of Exeter; ar.d for rebuilding or

repairing Exe Bridge, and making the Avenues leading

thereto more commodious; and for building a Bridge

over the River Exe, at or near Countess JVear\ and for

amending several other Roads therein mentioned.

110. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign,

intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road

from the present Turnpike Road at Haverhill to Redcrcfs,

in the Farish of Sheliord, in the County of Cambridge.

the STATUTES.

hi. An Act for building a Bridge over the River

Tozvey, near Llandovery, in the County of Carmarthen 5

and for making the Fords near the said Town safe and.

commodious.

112. An Act for more effectually amending several Roads

leading from and near the i.orough of Truro, in the

County of Cornwall; and for building a Bridge over

the River, at a Place called The Steppings, in or near

the said Borough.

113. An Act for building a Bridge across the River Se-

vern, near Red/lcne, in the County of Worccjkr*, and

for making proper Avenues and Roads to and from the

fame; and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors

of a Ferry across the said Ricer, at Red/lone aforesaid.

IJJ. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of

I nree Acts, passed in the Firff, Ninth, and Twenty-

second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King

George the Second, for repairing and enlarging the

Road leading from the House called The Sign of t^e

Bells, in the Parish of Saint Margaret In Rochester, to

Maidstone\ and other Roads therein mentioned, in the

County of Kent.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 13 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for naturalizing Paul D'Aigrrment,

XTL 2* An Act for naturalizing Emcric Tidal, Philitpc

Rivier, and A hr ah am Favenc.

3. An Act for naturalizing Peter Francis Martin,

4. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Robert Lord

Viscount Clare, the Right Honourable IVcllboi e Ellis,

and Charles "jenkinfon, Esquire, to take, in Great Bri-

tain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and

Receiver-general, and Paymaster-general, of all His

Majesty’s Revenues i;i the Kingdom of Ireland, and to

to qualify theml'elves for the Enjoyment or the fatti

Offices.

5. An Act for vesting several Fee farm and other Rems,

Part of the fetcleu Effaces of Sir Chut les Cods, B ironer,

in Trustees, to be sold; and for enfiancliilin.* certain

Copyhold or Customary Lands within the Manor of

Rcigate, in the County of Surrey, and for laying out

the Money arifir.g by such Sale and Enfranchisement

in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the

fame Uses.

6. An Act to enable the Rector of Saint Martin in Bir-

mingham, to grant Leases of certain Parts of the Glebe

Lands belonging to the fpiJ^Rectory.

7. An Act for obviating Doubts, touching the Validity

of the Proceedings of the Commissioners appoi-.ted by

an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing certain

Lands therein mentioned in that Part of the Manor of

Tardcbig which lies in the County of IVcrcester.

&. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain walle Lands,

called Had for Common, in the County o f Worcester.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and Meadow Grounds, in the Townships

of Snaith and Cowick, in the County of York.

10. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

Fields, Open arable Lands, Commons, and walle

Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Annthorpe,

in the Weft Riding of the County of York.

xi. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open Fields,

Meadows, Common Pastures, and waste Grounds,

within

c.

