A.D. 1772.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

C. 45- 523

. in the Limits aforesaid, about giving the Way to, or making Way for one anotherbe it enabled by

the Authority aforesaid, That the Driver of every such loaded Horse, Horses, or other B.casts of Bur-

then, and the Driver of every Cart, Car, or such like Carriage, and every Coach, Chariot, Chaise, and

such like Carriage, shall be obliged, upon meeting another loaded Horse, or other Bead of Burthen, or

another Carriage, of whatever Kind, to mike Way, by holding or driving to his own Left Hand, or

what is commonly called Holding to the near Side, and that without distindlion, whether the Carriages so

meeting one another arc loaded or unloaded; and that every Person offending in the Premises shall for-

feit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, and not less than Five Shillings Sterling, for every

such Offence.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Prosecutions against Offenders, in re-

speed of the feverJ A^ts and Neglects which are made punishable by this Act, may be brought sum-

nKiiily before the Sheiiff-deputc or Substitute, or any Justice of the Peace of the County within which

the Offence shall be committed, or before any of the Magistrates of Cities or Boroughs where the Of-

fences have been committed within their Jurisdiction, or before any other Judge competent; and that

Judgment shall proceed and be given agtinft the Offender or Offender*, either upon his or their o/.n

Confession, or upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witnesses.

Penalty no* ex-

ceeding 20 s. nor

less than 5 3.

Profrctrims

aga:nft Olfr-ndcri

to be bmuent be-

fore the Sheriff,

depute, < r Sub-

llitute, &c. of

the County or

P’ace where the

Offence is com-

mitted j and Judgment to proceed on Confession, or by credible Witnclfes.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all and every of the Negledls and Offenders to be

Offences punishable by this present Act, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons aggrieved, and in- o^r.ncerco1n-r

tending t« fuc for the Recovery of the Penalties authorised by this Act, upon the Authority of the same, mittf^determined by^u-

and without any other. Warrant, to apprehend the Offender or Offenders, and either to carry him, her, thorny of .-he

or them, or cause him, her, or them to be carried, by the Atliftance of any Peace-officer or other Per- A% and curmd

son or Persons, before any Justice of the Peace, or other Judge competent, within the Bounds where bct■reanyjwft.ee

the Offences shall be committed; which Judge is hereby impowered and required, upon Conviction of or^“cgc com’

the Offender or Offenders, by his or their own Confession, or the Oath or Oaths of One or more ere- p c

dible Witnesses, to deal with him, her, or them, in manner as herein before directed-, and any Person Persons who

or Persons, who shall fee any of the Otfcnces before recited committed, shall and may, by the Autho- fee Of-

rity of this Act, without any other Warrant, seize anJVtctnin the Horses, Carts, CarsrSledges, Waj- fcnfcs comm t-

gons, Drays, Coaches, Chariots, Landaus, and other such like Machines and Carriages, and the Horics

belonging to the several Offenders, till such 'Lime as Sentence shall be pronounced by the competent deui'/HoriVs,*

Judge concerning the Offence; and in case the Penalties adjudged by him in consequence of this Act shall Carts, &c. nil

not be paid, or Security found for the fame, within Twenty-four Hours after Conviction and Sentence, Sentence is pro-

then the Judge, before whom the Offender shall be convicted, is hereby authorised and required to issue no^need 5

his Warrant, directed to a Constable or other Peace-officer within his Jurisdiction, to cause Sale to be penalties ad- C

made of the Subject or Subjects detained, in case the fame happens to be the Property of the Offender jndred mall nor

or Offenders, for raising the Money forfeited by him or them, rendering to such Offender or Offenders be paid, the

the Overplus, after deducting the Charges of Sale, and the Expence of keeping the Subject detained, JHs* roC3ufe

both which shall be determined by the Judge before whom the Offender or Offenders are convicted; and S?\to«cK^e

in case the Subject or Subjects aforesaid do not happen to be the Property of such Offender or Offen- jetain-d!' JC

ders, that then the fame shall be returned to the lawful Owner or Owners thereof, and it shall be lawful Offenders may

for the Judge aforesaid, and he is hereby rtquiied, in case the Fine shall not be indantly paid upon Con- be commuted,

vidtion, or satisfactory Security given for the fame, to commit the Offender or Offenders to Gaol, there lill laflsraaory

to remain until such Time as the Fine shall be paid, or satisfactory Security found for the fame, or un- bc

til the Expiration of Two Months after such Commitment. °U, K#

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, charged 7 Pu'

with being guilty of any of the Offences made puni»liable by this Act, shall, upon the Seizure of, or an mil-

Attempt to seize, under the Authority of this Ac4, his or their Persons or Property, or the Property of treating any Per-

others, under their Care as aforesaid, refill, abuse, or maltreat any Person or Pci Ions whatsoever; or if son whatever,

any Person shall aid or affilt him, her, or them, in so doing, he, lhc, or they shall respectively forfeit the to 201.

Sum of Twenty Shillings Sterling for every such last-mentioned Offence; the Offence to be proved,

and Judgment to proceed thereupon, in the fame Way and Manner as herein-before provided for in the cncc*

Cafe of the other before-mentioned Offences against this Act.

XII. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, who shall be hcrldJa bJ/I

apprehended for having committed any Offence against this Act, shall refuse todifeover his or her Name face*, re'using

and Place of Abode to any Judge competent before whom he or she shall be brought, such Person or to d fewer the*'

Persons, so refuting, shall be committed by the Judge to any Gaol of the County, there to remain un- Njmcstothe

til such Time as he, she, or they, (lull discover his, her, or their Name or Names, and Place or Places Jl,dpr’ to bc

Of Abode. committed.

XIII. And be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Fines and Forfeitures arising Forfeitures ari-

from the Offences made punishabje by this Act shall bc applied, the One Half to the Informer or Pro-

lecutor, and the other Half to the Colltdlor of the Land-tax of the County within which the Offence Qu/hj! w the

shall have been committed, and by him to be accounted for as Part of the Fund* eduhlished by Law lot informer, and

the Detection and Punishmem of Vagrants within that Part of Great Britain callcJ Scotland. the other to th*

Collector of the Land-tax,

he

3 X 2

XiV. Tro-

