A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 39, 40. 501

or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or*Process whutsoever, into any of His Majesty’s Courts

of Record at Westminster ; any Law or Statute to the Contrary notwithstanding.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be brought, commenced, or pro-limitation ®f

fecuted, against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Thirty Actions*

Days Notice thereof shall be first given in Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commis-

sioners, signed by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or unless the fame shall be commenced before the Expiration

of Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed ; or unless Tender of easonable Amends

hath not or shall not have been made by or in Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants in such Action

or Suit, nor unless such Action or Suit shall be laid and brought in the County of MLldlrsex ; and the

Defendant or Defendants, in any Action or Suit to be commenced for any Thing done in pursuance

of this Act, shall and may plead the General lfTuc, and give this Act, and the Spec id Mater in General Iffo*.

Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon ; and that the Matter or Thing for which such Astron or

Suit shall be brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this A :t : And if such Matter

or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought

before Thirty Days Notice thereof was given, in Writing, to t Clerk or Treasurer of the said

Commissioners, figrvd by thz Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if it Hull 2ppcar that such Action or Suit

was not commenced before the Expiration of Six Calendar Months next after the F«tft com r.itted, or

if it shall appear that l ender of reasonable Amends was made .by or in Behalf of the Defendant or

Defendants in such Action or Suit, before such A A ion or Suit was commenced or brought,’or such Ac-

tion or Suit Avail be brought, in any other County or Place than the County of Middlesex, that then:

the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or

Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or thdr Action or Suit, after the Defen-

dant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given agiinft the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Corts, and have such Treble Coffis

Remedy the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cafes by Law.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act;

Publick Act ; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Per-

fons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Ycax

One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, One million eight hundred thousand Pounds^

CAP. XU

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in' the Tenth Year of

His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for building a new Parish Churchy and declaring the

present Parish Church a Chapel \ for making a Ccemetery or Church-yard \ and for building an

House for the Use of the Minijler of the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of

Middlesex.

* 'f WHEREAS by and in pursuance of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Preamble*

* VV present MajeAy, (intituKd, An At1 for building a new Parish Churchy and declaring the present A&ioGto.III*

4 Parish Church a Chapel; for making a Ccemetery or Church-yard; and for building an House for the Use

4 of the Minijler of the parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex), the Vestrymen of the

* laid Parish were appointed Trustees for putting the said Act in Execution : And whereas the said

4 Trustees were, by the said Act, directed to cause a Church and Steeple to be built upon the Lands

4 included in the Lease in the said Act mentioned ; and also such Part thereof as they should think nc-

4 cessary to be taken in and inclosed for a Ccemetery or Church-yard : And whereas the Situation of

4 the said Lands has by the said Trustees been found inconvenient for the Purposes aforesaid ; may it Som»cHofthe

* thertfore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King's most Excel-oW A^»

lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

ir.ons, in this pretent Parliament aiicmbhd, and by the Authority of the same. That so much of the cwmetryare w

said Act as directs the said Trustees to cause a Church and Secple to be built uporv, and a Ccemetery be placed, repea-

or Church-yard to be taken in, and inclosed from, the said Lands, shall be repealed*. fcjf

II. And be it further enacted, 'Thai it shall and may be be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any The Church

Nine or more of them, and they arc hereby authorised and impowered to cause a Church (and, if they where wbcbuilt,

think fit, a Steeple ahfoj to be built upon a certain Piece or Parcel of Ground, belonging to Henry

Il'illiamPortman, Esquire, now in‘Leafe to William Bakery of the said Parish of Saint Maryle Boney

Efciuire, situate, lyn g, and being in (he said Parish, heretofore Part and Parcel of a certain Close,

called The Fft con Acres, containing ir* Length,' from Enft to Weft, on the North and South Sides

thereof, Two hundred Feet of Afjize, Tittle more or Ids ; and in Breadth, from North to South, orv

the Haft and Weft Sides thereof, One hundred and fifty Feet of Assize, little more or less ; any Re-

ftriftioi* with regard so Place or Situation in the said Act contained to the Contrary aotwithstanding.

? UL Ani

