352 C. 16. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Trtjftee* may XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or their Bailie

hirC ^aichousei an^ Magistrate at Port Glasgow aforesaid, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and impower-

G«.ods ecU out an^ l^e ^ales an^ Duties aforesaid, to rent or hire, by the Year or otherwise, any con-

moved.

longer thin 04

Hours,

on Forfeiture of

101.

Ships and Vef-

fds may be re-

veniejit Warehouse, Yard, or other Place for the receiving, safe keeping, or lodging of such Goods arfd

other Things, so to be removed from off the Quays and other Places as aforesaid; or to inclose, erect,

or build in any such Yard, Warehouse, or other Buildings on their own Ground, or on Ground to be

*purchased by them, as to them shall seem moll meet and fitting.

Gunpowder, and XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Gunpowder, Tar, Pitch,

othercombuft1- R0fin^ Hemp, Flax, Faggots, Furze, Brandy, or other Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Oil, Hay,

to^emaVnon* Straw,’Tallow, Grcafc, Shavings of Wood, or other such combustible Things, shall be furl'ered to be

Q^aysor Piers and remain on the Quay and Piers aforesaid, already conllruded, or hereafter to be constructed, wirh-

in the said Port and Harbour of Port Glasgovu, or in any Part thereof, or upon the Deck of any Ship

or Vessel in the said Piers or Quays, lying in the Harbour aforesaid, for above the Space of Twenty-

four Hours after passing the Custom-house Officers: And that in case such Goods and Things canrrot

be conveniently removed or got oft' from such Qyays, Place or Places, by Day-light; that then, and

in every such Cafe, the Owners of such Goods and Things shall be obliged, and are hereby required to

set and maintain, at their own Expence, a sufficient Number of careful, discreet, and sober Per Tons,

to guard and watch over the fame, for such and so many Hours, according to the Season of the Year,

as the said Water Bailie or Shore Mailer shall iignify and appoint; and in case the Owner or Owners

of such Goods and other Things, or the Mailer and Mailers of Ships, Barks, or other Vessels, shall

make Default herein, every such Owner o'r Owners, Matter or Mate, shall forfeit and pay, for every

such Offence, the Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling.

XIX. And be it also enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or the said Water

Bailie, or Shore Mailer of Port Glasgow for the Time being, or such other Person or Persons as they

B^hto^tn^he* authorise an^ appoint, shall and may, and-he or they are hereby authorised and impowered,*when

ky^Order °of the an^ ^0 often as he or they shall judge necessary, to remove, or cause to be removed, any Ship, Vessel,

Water Bailie, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, lying in any of the Entrances or Paflagesof the said Harbour of Port Glafgnv, or at

Ice. any Quay, Pier, and Bread, already built, or hereafter to be built, by virtue of this A&, or in any other Part

of the said Harbour, from the Birth or Lying-place at which they shall respectively happen to beftationed or

moored at the Time, to any other Birth or Lying-place, as he or they shall think proper; and in case

the Matter, Mate, oPany other Person, having and taking the Command and Charge of the said Ship,

Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, shall, after Notice given him in Writing, or left in Writing on board

the Ship or Vessel intended to be removed. Twelve Hours before the Time of Removal, by the said

Water Bailie or Shore Matter, or such other Person or Persons as he shall appoint^neglect or refuse

to remove, or cause to be removed, during the first High Water or Tide after such Notice, such Ship,

Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, from her said Birth to such other Birth or Mooring-places as are or

shall be appointed unto them by the said Water Bailie or Shore Matter, or any other Person autho-

iifed by him; that then the said Trustees, or the Water Bailie or Shore Matter of Port Glasgow for

the Time being, or any other Person or Persons he or they shall order or appoint, shall have Power,

and are hereby directed and impowered, immediately after such Notice, Neglect, or Refusal, to re-

move, or caule to be removed, such Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, lying as aforesaid, from their

present Birth and Mooring-place, to such Other Birth and Mooring-places as the Lid Water Bailie or

Shore Matter shall judge proper; and that the Matters, Commanders, Owners, and Consignees of such

Ship. Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, so to be removed as aforesaid, shall respectively pay to the said

Trustees, all such Costs and Charges as shall be reasonably expended in removing such Ship, Vessel,

Bark, Lighter, or Boat; to be recovered, levied, and applied, in like Manner as the Forfeitures and Pe-

nalties imposed by this Act are herein-after ordered to be recovered, levied, and applied: And that every

Matter, Commander, Mate, or other Person, taking upon himself the Command of any Ship, V eflel,

Bark, Lighter, or Boat, or the Owner, Fa£lor, Consignee, or Agent, or other Person or Persons what-

soever, who shall obflru£t or hinder the Removal of any Such Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat,

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Ship or Vessel shall ar-

.... rive or come into the said Road or Harbour of Port Glasgow in Distrcfs, or meet with any Misfortune

to”have*the*Prc- *n the Road or Harbour aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Bailie or Magistrate of Port

fore nee as to the Glasgow aforesaid, »pon a Petition to him in Writing by the Matter, Commander, or Owner of such

Hi ih and Dif- Ship or Vessel, or Owner of any Goods on board of such Ship or Vessel; and upon Proof being made

Martcr" bc‘ft>re him of such Distress to give a Preference to such Ship or Vessel being in Distress as aforesaid,

ps, a cr, as tQ Birth at the Piers and Quays, and as to the Course of discharging, to any other Ship or

Veil'd arrived before her in the Port aforesaid; and that every Mailer or Commander of any Ship or

Vessel lying within the Harbour of Port Glasgow, who shall refuse or delay to comply with the Order

of the said Bailie, in Favour of the said Ship or Vessel in Distrcfs as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of

Ten Pounds Sterling, to be levied and applied in the Manner herein after directed.

XXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day

Bailaft, See. imo Qf “June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, it shall not be lawful to any Person or Persons,

t « aroour to to t^row or empty any Ballad, Dust, Allies, or Rubbish, Single Stones, or other Things, into the said

Harbour, or to dig and take away any Ballast, Single Stones, or other Things, from within the same,

to the Hurt or Prejudice of the said Harbour, or of the Works cre&pd, or pp b« erected, for the Se-

3 curiry

Matter, &c.

hindering a Re-

moval, to forfeit

10L

VerteJs coining

into the Har-

bour in Distufs,

*cc. refilling, to

forfeit 10 1.

Pfrfrins throwing

forfeit 40 s.

