416 C. 26. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

lawful for all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Assignment shall be made

as aforesaid, or who shall be intitled to the Money thereby secured, from Time to Time, and at all

Times, by any Writing or Writings under his, her, or their. Hand and Seal or Hands and Seal*, to

be duly executed in the Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses, to assign and transfer his, her, or

their Right to the Principal Money and Interest thereby secured to any Person or Persons whomsoever \

and that such Assignments or Transfers shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk or Treasurer

within Three Calendar Months after Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made,

containing the Date of such Assignments or Transfers, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money

therein mentioned to be assigned or transferred, in the said Book or Books, to be kept for entering the

laid original Mortgages and Assignments; for which the said Clerk or Treasurer shall be paid the Sum

. of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and that after such Entry made, such Alignment or

Transfer shall intitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and

Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and every Assignee or Assignees shall and may, in

like Manner, from Time to Time, aflignand transfer the fame 5 and that no Person or Persons who shall

have made any such Assignment or Transfer, shall, after the making thereof, release, discharge, or make

void the fame, or any Money thereon due; and that all and every Person and Persons to whom such

Mortgage or Assignment shall be made as aforesaid shall be, in proportion to the Sum cr Sums therein

mentioned. Creditors on the said Tolls in equal Degree One with another, and shall have no Pre-

ference in respect to the Priority of advancing any such Money.

TruflM# may XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Commissioner

sTcurity°of t°he an<* Commissioners appointed by this Act, or which shall be hereafter appointed by any Power or Au-

Tolii. . thority hereby given, shall, and lawfully may, notwithstanding his or their being such Commissioner or

Commissioners, Trustee or Trustees, lend any Sum or Sums of Money on the Security of the said Tolls,

or on the Assignment of any of the Taxes rated or assessed by virtue of this Act, in such Mr.nner as any

other Person or Persons may, can* or shall do, by means or virtue hereof; and that such Commissioner

or Commissioners, Trustee or Trustees, so advancing or lending such Sum or Sums of Money, shall

and lawfully may accept and take a Mortgage or Mortgages, Assignment or Assignments, of the said

.Tolls, Rates, and Taxes, from the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, as a Security or

Securities for the said Sum or Sums of Money so to be by him or them advanced and lent; which Mort-

fnge or Mortgages, Assignment or Assignments, being so executed by the said Commissioners, or any

'ive or more of them, (nail be effeSuau and binding to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that

the Commissioner or Commissioners, so advancing or lending such Sum or Sums of Money, and accep-

ting and taking such Security or Securities, shall, by means and virtue thereof, have and exercise such

and the like Powers and Remedies for recovering and receiving the said Sum or Stims of Money, and

the Interest thereof, as any other Mortgagee or Mortgagees of the said Tolls, Rates, or Taxes can,

may, or shall, have and take by means and virtue of this Act.

Preference to XXXIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall give Notice to the said Commis-

iWons offering sioners, or any Five or more of them* assembled at any of their Meetings as aforesaid, that they

tolowcrlntercft. willing to advance any Sum or Sums of Money on the Credit of the said Taxes or Tolls, at any less

Interest than the said Commissioners shall pay for the Monies borrowed by them, the said Commissioners

respectively are hereby required to accept the fame, and apply the fame to the Payment of such Part of

the Monies as they shall have borrowed on the Credit of the said Taxes or Tolls, as they shall think

proper; any Thing to the Contrary notwithstanding.

Continuance of XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That so much of this Act as relates to repairing and widening

this Act. the said Bank, so as to make the fame a Turnpike Road, shall commence and have Continuance from

the Day of the passing thereof, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the

End of the then next Session of Parliament.

.Commissioners XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners hereby no-

for the Drainage, minated and appointed for the Drainage of the said Five Districts or Divisions respectively, or their Suc-

to meet Twice m ceflors, or any Five or more of them, shall meet Twice in every Year in Manner following; to wit,

every car. for t^e Rirft District at the Town of Ramsey aforesaid, and for every other District at the Town of

Doddington, or in the Precincts thereof, or at some Place adjoining to the said Districts; the First Meet-

ing of the said Commissioners for the said First District to be held at the George Inn in Ramsey aforesaid;

for the said Second District at the Blue BeH in Benwick aforesaid; and for the Third and Fourth Di-

ftrifts, at the Three Tuns \n Doddington aforesaid; and for the said Lower or Fifth District, at the White

Hart\n March aforesaid, within Twenty-one Days after the passing of this Act; and every Half-yearly

Meeting for the said First District at Ramsey aforesaid, or in the rreeinfts thereof, to be held on the

Eleventh Day of July* and the Second Day of October, (except when the said Days shall happen on a

Sunday)* in which Cafe the Lid Meeting shall be held the Day following; for the said Second District,

on the Third Monday in May, and the Third Monday in November* and for the said Third and Fourth

Districts on the Third Tuefaay in May, and the T hird Tuesday in November; and for the said Lower or

Fifth District, on the Third Wednef day in May, and the Third IVednrfday in November in each Year, or

at such other Time or Times, within or near the Place or Places within the several Parishes or Hamlets

in which the said Fi*ve Districts respectively lie. as the said respective Commissioners, or any Five or

more of them, shall fee Cause, or think convenient, pursuant to Notice in Writing for that Purpose,

signed by any Three or more of them, and to be affixed upon the Outside of the Church or Chapel

Doors of Ramsey, Doddington, and Bcnwick aforesaid. Ten Days at the lea It before any such Meeting, ex-

cept those appointed to be held for the said General Half-yearly Meetings, and may, from T ime to

Time*

