A.D.

■*773-

Anno decimo tertio GEoRdri Ilf.

C. 77.

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted,by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Aids and Sup-

plies provided as aforesaid, shall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever,

oper chan the Uses and Purposes before mentioned* or for -the several Deficiencies, or other Payment^

directed to be satisfied thereout by any Act or Acts, or any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose/

contai ed in any other Act or Acts of this present Session of Partiament. f

XX V II. And, as to the Sum of One hundred and eleven thousand one hundred twenty-seven Pounds,

FiveShillings, and Ten-pence, by this Act appropriated on account of Half Pay as aforesaid, it is hereby

cn;>;»fd ..nd declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein-after prescribed shall be duly

observed in the Application of the said Half Pay ; that is to say. That no Person shall have or receive

any Part of the fame who was a Minor, and under the Age of Sixteen Years, at the Time when the

Regiment, 7'roop, or Company, in which he served, was reduced; that no Person shall have or re-

ceive any Part of the fame, except such Person who did actual Service in feme Regiment, Troop, or

Company ; that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under

His Mzjvjfty, shall h?ve or receive any Pr.rt of the said Half Pay ; that no Chaplain of any Garrison or

Regiment, who has any Ecdefiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any

Part of the said Half Pay ; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the fame who has reiigned

his Con million, and has had no Commission since; that no Part of the fame shall be allowed to any

Person, by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons as would have been other-

wife inriiled to the fame as reduced Officers.; and that no Part of the fame shall be allowed to any of

the Officers of the Five Regiments of Dragoons, and Eight Regiments of Foot, lately disbanded in

Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Establiuiment of Half Pay in Great Britain.

XXV ill. And whereas by an Act of Parliomrot, made-in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s

Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Jl4a)efly a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund,

and for aptly tug -art win Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thoufandjeven hundred and

Jeve ntytwo, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of 'Parliament; and for making

frth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Ordersi

h/1, burnt, cr dejlrrcd\ the several Supplies which had been granted to His present Majesty, as is

tnercin mentioned, were appropriated to the several Uses and Purposes therein expressed, amongst

which any Sum or Sums of Money* not exceeding One hundred and fifteen thousand fo/en hundred

sixty-five P-junds, an 1 sixteen Shillings, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of

His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marine* for the Year One thousand (even hundred and seventy two,

subject nevertheless to such Rules to bcobserved in the Application of the said Half Pay, as in and by

the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that Behalf: Now it is hereby provided, enacted, and declared, by

the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Sum of One hundred and fifteen thousand seven hun-

dred sixty-five Pounds, and sixteen Shillings, as is or shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the said re-i

duced Officers, according to the Rules prescribed by the said Act to be observed in the Application

thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall and may be disposed of to such Officers who are maimed,

or have lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others as, by reason of their long Service, or other-

wife, His Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such

Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants, under His Majesty’s Royal Sign Manual, as shall

be signed in that Behalf; any Thing in this Act, or the said former Act, to the Contrary notwith-

feanding.

XXIX. And whereas John Harrison of Red Lion Square, having, under the Encouragement of an

Act, made in the Twelfth Year ot Her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for granting a Reward

for the Dficovery of the Longitude at Sea, applied himself, with unremitting Industry for the Space of

Forty-eight Years, to the making an Instrument for ascertaining the Longitude at Sea ; and having

constructed a Time-keeper for that Purpose, and discovered the Principles of construfting the fame,

by which other Timer keepers have been already made, and found to answer with great Exactness;

from which Discovery, it is apprehended that great Benefit will arise to the Trade and Navigation of

these Kingdoms, is highly deserving of publick Encouragement and Reward; be it therefore enacted

by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer of His Majesty’s

Navy, and he is hereby directed, out of any Sums of Money now in His Hands, to pay, or cause to

be paid to the said John Harrison, a Sum not exceeding Eight thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds,

as a further Reward and Encouragement, over and above the Sums already received by him for his

laid Invention of a Time-keeper, and his Discovery of the Principles upon which the fame was con-

fer ufted. . 1

The (kid Aid* to

be applied, only

to the Vies be-

fore mentioned.

Roles to be ob-

fenred in the Ap-

plication of the.

Half Ray.

By Act 12 Gen,

III.

a Sum not cx-

ce‘d?nft

ii5',765 1. 16 t.

was ipr-roprulcd

to be paid to re-

duced Ofticcri,

Overplus Mo-

nies, above fat if-

fy 1 ng iaid Offi-

cers, to be dif-

poled of to Offi-

cers who were

maimed, fee ia

the latr Wars,

pr to Officers

Widows and

Children, as TI's

Majesty dull di-

red.

Aa 12 Ann*.

Not exceeding

S750I. to be

paid to Mr.

Harrison for

his Invention o.

a Time-keep rr,

*u

Vol. XI.

50.

CAP.

