A.D. 1773.

A n no :ded racy Ccr tio^G £ dR o 1 r' 111.

C. 60.

of the Peace for the Ifltf of'C6tinty;'\vhere the Paid Offence shall be committed, who are hereby autho-

rifed and required to hear and determine the fame on the Oath of One or more Witness or Wiincfles, or

Conkllion of the Party or Parttes'so offdnding, '{hall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of

Twenty Pounds to the Taid Commissioners, for the Purpbfts for which ihc Paid Afl’dfments, Rates*

and'Faxes, are hereby directed to be applied, and to he levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods,

Chattel*, and Cattle, of ail ffnd^Very such Offender'^or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and

Seals of the ftlid just ices before’ vrhorri PuCh GdnVi&ibn shall be made; and in Default of such Dlftrefs

or Payment, the Person or Persons fb blinding* shall'be by the said‘ Justices committed to the House.of

Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour, fof such Time as the1 laid Justices shall respectively orcler

and direeft, not exceeding Three Calehdar Mdriths, at the Difctetion of the said Justices, by whom

such Commitment fh^R b<Mnade. r

Xi II. Provided, That when and so often as the Waters in the old deserted Drain, formerly belonging to Regulation# for

the Land Owners in Lcverington and Lcverington Parfcn Drove, and now intended to be scoured out the old Drain*

ard made use of by the Commissioners under this'Act, shall run less than Eighteen Inches from the

Top of the lowtft Part of the Banks of (he* Paid Dram, then and so often the Tunnels and Sluices ft t

’down- in Black Diks, for the conveying of the Waters from the'Lands on the Welt Side of Black Dikey

through the fame, into the* said Drain, shall be (hut down by the said Officer or Officers, to be ap-

pointed as aforesaid, for the opening and fheitting down of the Tunnels and Sluices made, or to be

made, and used under and in the Execution of this Act, and shall continue to shut down until the said

Waters in the said Drain shall have fubfiJed, and shall run within Eighteen Inches of the Top of the

lowest Part of the Banks of the said Drain.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby Commissioner*

impowered to make such Orders,: and give such DirevStions, for the said several Works of draining to make Order*

herein-before mentioned, and also foi the Managementof the fame, and Maintenance thereof, as they fofT th* Naming

shall think fit; and shall and may appoint One or more Clerk or Clerks, Receiver or Receivers, Col- ®nda oint Of-

le&or or Collectors, and such other Officers, with reasonahie Salaries, for the making and taking Care ficersPwho art

of such Works, and for the collecting of the Rates and Assessments which shall be made and aiTelied for

to account.

the making and maintaining thereof, or for any other of the Purposes of this Act, as they the said

Commissioners shall think proper; and may, from Time to Time, remove any such Collectors,

Clerks, Receivers, or other Officers, and appoint others in the‘Room of such of them as shall be so

removed, or fh;.ll die 5 and that every Collector ar.d Receiver, so 'to be appointed as aforesaid, b.f re

he or they shall act in the Execution of therr sevenrl Offices,' ih.fll give such Security to the said Com-

missioners, for the due Exet utic n oftthe fcurie, as the fard Cohruriissioners' shall. think proper; ar.d lh all

account and produce his or ihHr Vouchers for all such Si m and Sun s of Money as he or they shall re-

ceive or pay, by virtue of their said Office, at the said Generall Meeting in every Year, and p y over

the Balance of such Accounts rermining in his or their Hands, if any such there be, unto the said

Commissioners there allbmbled, or as they, or the major Part of them, shall direct and appoint.

XV. Provided, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Col- officer* not *c-

Ic&or or Collectors, ‘Receiver or Receivers, shall n£gle<ft or refuse to account for any Sum or Sums of ccunljngro tc

Money, by him or them collected br received in purfuanie of this Atft, at the said General Meeting in committed to

every Year, or to pay ovfcr the Balance remaining in* his or their Hands to the said Commissioners there Gaol,

assembled; then, or in either of the said Cafes, it shall and may be lawful to and for Two or more

Justices ofithe Peace for* the said Isle of County where fuch“Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Re-

ceivers, shall reside, to esquire of and concerning such Neglect or Refusal; and if any such Collector

or Receiver shall he convicted thereof upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witmfles,

then the faivl Justices shall respectively, upon such Conviction, commit the said Collector or Collec-

tors, Receiver or Receivers, to the common Gaol of the Lid Ilk or County where Inch Collector or

Coiledbors, Receiver or Receivers shall reside, t*. ere to remain until he or they,shall have made a full,

true, and perfect Account and1 Payment, as aforesaid.

XV I. Ard I e it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and CommiiTtoncn

for the said Commiffiiini rs, at their First Meeting after the passing of this Act, and from Time to mjy afiw*

Time, at their General Meeting in every succeeding Year, to aIftjs, rate, tax, and charge all and Owner* as they

e*ery of the Owners Occupiers of all and Angular the said Lands and Grounds in the said Parishes of stal J_Ulgc

Tii Saint Giles and Newton, which lie on the Weft Si le of Black Dike; and also of ail and Angular the prope'’

said Lands and Grounds in Til Saint fif.try's Fe \ which lie on the Weft Siie of Shoffendike B.wk% by

an equal and proj>ortionable Acre-tax, in such Rate or Sun of Money as they shall think proper, and

that the fame shall be paid as fioon after the assessing and charging thereof as conveniently may be.

XVII. Provided, That no such Assessment, Rat'*, or Tax, shall at any Time exceed the Sum of Four Rate* not to ex*

Shillings an Acre, or be less than Three Shillings an Acre, in each Year, so long as any Sum or Sums c«d 4*. aa

of Money shall be due and owing thereupon; and also, that it shall ar.d may be lawful to and ft>r the Airt*

said Commissioners, at their said First Meeting, and from Time to Time, at their laid General Meet-

ing, in every fuecceding Year, to aflefr, rate, tax, and charge, all and every of the Owners and Oc-

cupiers of ail and Angular the said Lands and Grounds, in the said Parishes of TiJ Saint Giles and

Newton, which lie on the East Side of Black Dike, by an equal and proportionable Acre-tax, in such

Rate or Sum of Money its they shall think proper; and that the fame shall be paid as soon after the af-

ftffine and charging thereof as conveniently may be.

XVIII. Provided,* That the said Acre-tax, for each and every Acre of the said Lands and Grounds Certain Lanh t#

on the East Side of Black Dike, shall not exceed in any Year the Fourth Part of the Acrp-tax to be pay tnlyth*

... , K,. vn.’stsz?

