A.D. 1772.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

C. 62. sst

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties created by this Act, shall be recoverable be- *£*'*

fore Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County or other D vision in which the Offence shall be roWtnro

committed, on Proof of the Offence, by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Wit- applied?1*

nesses, or on Confession of the Offender ; and One Moiety of each Penalty shall belong to His Ma-

Jefty, His Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Informer or Informers prosecuting

for the fame; and where the Pcmity shall be pecuniary, in case of Nonpayment, it shall be levied by

Distress and Sale of *the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of

such Justices ; and the Overplus of the Monejf raised, after deducting the Penalty, and the Expences

of the Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner ; and for Want of sufficient Distress, the Of-

fender shall befent, by such Justices, to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for

any Time not exceeding Six Months, nor less than Three Months, as such Justices shall think most

proper. N

XXVII. And be it further enacted. That no Person shall be liable to any Prosecution for any Of-

fence ai;ai:ift this Act, unless such Prosecution shall be commenced within Fourteen Days after Seizure

of the Gunpowder, or Corn million of the Offence, where there shall not be any, Seizure; and that gf;cr Seiiur^

if any Suit or Afiion shall be prosecuted in England, against any Person or Persons for any Thing done

in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, or General IflW

the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done by Au-

thority of this Act ; and if a Verdiit shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiffor

Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, after issue joined*,

or if on Demurrtr, or otherwise, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defen-

dant or Defendants shall recover Tteble Costs, ami have the like Remedy for the fame, as any De- Treble Coftt.

fendants have by Law in other Cafes.

XXViiL And be it further enacted. That all Actions, Suits, and Prosecutions, to be commenced ^itition

in England, r.gainst any Person or Person*, for any Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act, shall A l0n8#

be laid and tried in the County or Place where the Fad was committed, and shall be commenced

within Six Calendar Months after the Fad committed, and not otherwise.

XXIX. Provided always, anJ be it further enadeJ, That this Act shall not extend, or be any Not to extend t®

Ways construed to extend, to any Mills or other Buildings erected, or which may hereafter be erected, Mill* tobeeieaw

for the Purpose of making Gunpowder, in any Lands belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs or Sue- uftUnds?*c.

ccffors, or to the keeping of Gunpowder at any Storehouse or Magazine belonging to His Majesty, His Jooryto tlurst'now

Heirs or Successors, or to hinder the Trial of Gunpowder by His Majesty’s Officers, as is usual, for the*ea«U

Service of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or to the keeping of Gunpowder at the Magazines now

erected for that Purpose, of Barking Creekfmouth^ in the County of Eflexy and Erith Levels in the County of

Kent, or to the keeping of Gunpowder at the Magazines or Storehouses now erected near Liverpool*

in ihe County of Lancaster, or the City of Bristol, or to the Carriage of Gunpowder, to or from the

King’s Magazine>, under a special and expre(s Order of the King’s Board of Ordnance; such Order

to contain the Quantity of Gunpowder foto tv carried, and the Time for which such Order shall he in

Force ; or to the Carnage of Gunpowder with Forces on their March, or with the Militia, during

their annual Exercise ; or which shall he sent for the Use of such Forces or Militia.

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That this present Act shall not extend to hinder any Not to extend to

Person or Persons from carrying or conveying any unlimited Quantity of Gunpowder, in fuchclofe- hinder nniimited

decked Vessels, in Manner hs herein-before is directed, from any Ships or Vessels lying below Black- ^aanirtif!p*0

wall, to any of the Magazines for Gunpowder, so situate below Bbckwall, Or from such Magazines

any Ships or VeikIs lying below Blackwall, and going to any Place beyond Sea, or Coastwise. BiickwaiL

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall commence, and be- TheA&tocom-

gin to be in Force, on the First Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two; and from menceon July

and immediately after the Commencement thereof, an Act made in the last Session of this present Par- »> 177*

liament, (intituled. Ait Act for reducing into One Act of Parliament the several Laws relating to the keeping Aa lf Ceo m

and Carriage of Gunpowder, and for more effectually preventing Mischiefs, by keeping or carrying Gunpowder c< ^ hclC'

in too great Quantities), and all former Statutes, 10 far as they relate to the Keeping, and Carriage of bj regaled.

Gunpowder, shall be, and the fame are hereby repealed.

Ao Act to enable the Lord Bishop of Durham, and his Successors, to raise a competent Sum

of Money, to be applied for the repairing* improving, or Rebuilding, such Part of Tyne

Bridge as belongs to the See of Durham.

• WT HERE AS the Right Reverend Father in God John Lord Bishop of Durham is intitled, in p

4 VV Right of his See, to One-third Part of an ancient Bridge extending across the River Tyne, be- p

4 twern the .Town of Gateshead, in the County Palatine of Durham, and the Town and* County of the

• Town of NewcojUe upon Tyne: And whereas, by the Violence and Rapidity of a most extraordinary

• Flood, which happened on the Seventeenth Day of November, One thousand seven hundred and fe-

4 verity-one, in the River of Tyne, the fa id Bridge was very much damaged, broken down in several

4 Places, and rendered utterly impassable ; And whereas, in order to restore an easy and safe Commu-

4 nication between the Counties of Durham and Northumberland, it is highly expedient that the said

} Bridge should be rebuilt, or effectually repaired, with all po&ble Expedition; And inasmuch as the

4 necessary,

CAP. LX II.

