C. 2,. 3* Anna cfecimo tertie Georgii III. A.D. 1773*

CAP. II.

An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat, Wheat-flour, Indian* Com, Indian Med,.

Biscuit, Pease,. Beans, Tares, Callivancies* and all other Sorts of Pulse, from His Ma-

jsfty’s Colonies in America* into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

* T T 7 HEREAS the Importation of Wheat, Wheat-flour, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, Bif-

*' W cuit, Pease, Beans, Tares, Callivancies, and all other Sorts of Pulse, from His Majesty’s

* Colonies in America, into Great Britain, will be advantageous to this Kingdom : May it therefore

* please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Ma-

jestyj by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same; That it shall and may be lawful

Any of His Ml* to and for any of His Majesty’s Subjects to import into Great Britain, in any Ship or Veil'd navi-

jesty’s Subjefl*. gated according to Law, at any. Time or Times, from and after the First Day of December, One.

*77*, and* thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and before the First Day of January, One thousand fevea

kcforcjan.xv hundred and seventy-four, any Wheat or Wheat-flour, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, Biscuit, Pease,

*774. may Beans, Tares, Callivancies, and all other Sorts of Pulse, from any of his Majesty’s Colonies in Americav

import Wheat, without the Payment of any Subsidy, Custom, Duty, or Imposition whatsoever ; any Thing in any^

^hCfiomOUAm«- foriner or other Act or Aits of Parliament to the Contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Due^nuy^to’bc IL Provided always, and be it further enailed by the Authority aforesaid, That a due Entry shall be

jrude as former-made in such Manner and Forrti as were used orprailifed before the making of this Act, of all Wheat,. ‘

h i Wheat-flour, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, Biscuit, Pease, Beans, Tares, Callivancies, and all other Sort3

of Pulse, which shall be impoited or brought into this Kingdom by virtue of this Act, before the said

First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, at the Custom House belonging to

©therwife the Pori into which the fame shall be imported or brought in; or otherwise, in default of making fugh

such Whe^fcc. Entry, such Wheat, Wheat-flour, Indian<Com^ Indian Meal, Biscuit, Pease, Beans, Tares, Callivan-

^ !hi Dune* c’e5> and nil other Sorts of Pulse, shall be liable and subjeit to such and the fame Duties, as were pay-

fov!nerlyUp'*able abh- upon the Importation, thereof before the making of this Act; any Thing in this A& contained to

911 Importation $ the Contiary notwithstanding: And such Wheat, Wheat-flour, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, Biscuit,

Puhe, Bi ns, Tares Callivancies, and all other Sorts of Pulse, may be carried Coastwise, under such

&c U<iv b- ^r- Rc£uUt,ous as Wheat, Wheat-flvjur, and Pulse, of the Growth of this Kingdom, are now allowed to

rk ‘ Shvife a*cam d Coastwise, at all Times before the said First Day of January9 One thousand seven* hundred*

ftrmcrJy. and fevexity-taur,

cap. m.

An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Pease, Beans, Meal, Malt, Flour,

Bread,.Biscuit, and Starch •> and also the Extradition of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat

and Wheat-flour, for a limited Time-.

* IIJ HEREAS it is expedient that the Exportation of any Sort of Corn, Grain, Pease, Beans,

frtaaafcik c \y Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, out of the Kingdoms of Great Britain, or

c Ireland, should be prohibited foi a-limited Time :* May it therefore please Your Majesty., that it may

* be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled.

After paflThg: and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons

this Act, all whatsoever shall, directly or indirectly, export, transport, carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be

Sorts of Corn*, ev ported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from the said Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ire-

Grain, 9cc. land, or load or lay on Board, or cause or procure to be laden or laid on Board, in any Ship

G real ^Britain0©*1 Pr other Veil'd, or Boat, in order to be exported or carried our of the said Kingdoms of Great

Inland*. Britain or Ireland, any Sort of Corn, Grain, Pease, Beans, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Starch,

©t loaded in any under the Penalties and Forfeitures hereinafter mentioned ; that is to say. That all the said Commo-

Shi?, 6ic. for dities that shall be so exported, shipped, or laid on Board; or loaded to be exported, shipped, or carried*

Transpormu n, out cohtrary to this Act, shall be forfeited ; and that every Offender or Offenders therein, shall forfeit

id ^ndOfrrnJ ^um Twenty Shillings for every Bushel of Corn* Grain, Pease, Beans, Malt, Meal,.or Flour,.,

dere to forte* * and Twelvcpence for every Pound Weight of Bread, Biscuit, or Starch, and so in proportion for any

201. for every greater or less Quantity which shall be so exported, shipped-, or put on Board to be exported; and also

Bushel of corn, the Ship, Boat, or Veftcl, upon which any of the said Commodities shall he exported, shipped, or ladeiv*

Grain, A-c. and to exported, and all her Guns, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, shall be forfeited ; and One Moiety

iVt^cfB^d the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Succdlors, and'

^c. ind-lfoVhc the other Moiety to him or them that will fuc for the fame : And for OtFcnces which shall be committed*

Shir, Boat, &c. in that Part of Great Britain called England, such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be recovered by Action

and ail hcr(Jun«,,of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or information, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or be-

Tackie, &c. fore the Tyftices of Assize, or at the Gxeat Sessions in I Vales* or by Information at any General Quarter

Offences com- J

mitted in Eng-

Jtthli may be recoTered,ui.a»y of.His Majesty YC^urtt of Record at WcflnimfttiyAsc,.

Session*

6*4

PreunbJe*

