91+ C. 84. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.-D. 1773.

they live in the slice of the Peace may ad in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding he may be a Creditor, or

Place where the a Trustee for repairing and amending the Roads on which any Offence contrary to this Act shall

°“e7 be committed.

Justices may act althoagh they are Creostori or Trustees*

levied and re-

covered by DiC*

ire l a and Sale.

Persons refilling LXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall resist, or make forcible

the Execution of Opposition against any Person or Persons employed in the due Execution of this Act, or any par-

the Act, oraf- ticular Act made for amending any particular Highway; or shall assault any Collector or Collectors

laulting Col- Qf y0j]s in the Execution of his or their Office or Offices; or shall pass through any Turnpike

ctors. Gate or Gates, Rail or Rails, Chain or Chains, or other Fence or Fences, let up, or to be set up, by

Authority of Parliament, without paying the Toll appointed to be paid at such Gate or other Fence ;

or shall hinder, or attempt for prevent or obstruct any such Person or Persons in the measuring or

gauging the Wheels of any Carriage, or make any Rescue of CattLe or other Goods, distrained by

tnd Constablrs virtue of this Act; or if any Constable, Headborough, cr Tithingman, shall refuse or neglect to exe-

damVonuih<eV Cute' *nY ^arrant grante<l by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, pursuant to the Directions of this

ot^cawjforkit Act > every such Person offending therein, and being convicted thereof, in Manner aforesaid, shall, for

rot fxceding every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, ny jess than Forty Shillings, at the

jol. nor id's Discretion of the Justice or Justices of the Peace before wfio/n he or me shall be 16 convicted; to be

th.*o4os. paid to the Surveyor of the Turnpike Roads where the Offence was committed, and laid out in the

Repairs thereof: And in case he or she do not forthwith pay, or secure to be paid, the said Forfeiture,

alter such Conviction, then it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace to

commit such Person or Persons to the common Gaol, or House of Correction, of the County,

Division, or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, there to remain for any Time not ex-

ceeding Three Months, unless the said Forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

Penalties and LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, for

Forknureitobe any Offence against the fame, and all Costs and Charges to be allowed and ordered by the Authority

of this Act, (the Manner of levying and recovering of which is not hereby otherwise particularly

directed), shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, or Person

liable or ordered to pay the fame respectively, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fomc Justice of

the Peace for the Limit where such Offence, Neglect, or Default, shall happen, and such-Order for

Payment of such Costs or Charges shall be made, rendering the Overplus of such Distress and Sale, if

any, to the Party or Parties, after deducting the Charges of making the same; which War rams such

Justice is hereby impowered and required to grant, upon Conviction of the Offender, by Co icliion,

or upon the Oath of One or more credible Wftnefs or Witnesses, or upon Order made, as a fore Hid ;

and the Penalties and Forfeitures, Costs and Charges, when so levied, shall be paid, the One Half

to the Informer, and the other Half to the Surveyor of the Turnpike Koad where such Offence, Ne-

gleet, or Default, shall happen, to be employed towards the Repair thereof, unless otherwise directed

by this Act: And in case such Distress cannot be found, and such Penalties and Forfeitures, or the

said Costs or Charges, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice, and

he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender

or Offenders, or Person or Persons, liable to pay the fame respectively, to the common Gaol, or House

of Correction, of the Limit where the Offence shall be committed, or such Order, as aforesaid,

shall be made, for any Time, not exceeding Three Months, unless the said Penalty, Forfeiture, Costs,

or Charges, shall respectively be sooner paid: And if such Offender or Offenders, or Person or Per-

or ordered to pay the fame respectively, shall live out of the Jurisdiction of the Justice or

Justices, hereby authorised to grant such Warrant, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice

of the 'Peace of the Limit wherein such Person shall inhabit, and every such Justice is hereby

required, upon Regueft to him for that Purpose made, and upon a true Copy of the Conviction

whereby such Forfeiture or Penalty was incurred, or of the Order for the Payment of such Costs or

Charges, produced and proved by a credible Witness upon Oath, by Warrant, under his Hand and

Seal, to cause the Penalty or Forfeiture mentioned in such Conviction, or the Costs or Charges men-

tioned in such Order, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender

or Offenders, or Person or Persons, liable, or ordered to pay the fame respectively, as aforesaid; and

if no sufficient Distress can be had, to commit such Offender or Offenders, for Person or Persons, lia-

ble, as aforesaid, to the common Gaol, or House of Correction, of such Limit, for the Time, and in

Manner aforesaid.

LXXVII. Provided nevertheless, That no Warrant of Distress, unless otherwise directed by this

Act, shall be issued for levying any Penalty or Forfeiture, Costs or Charges, until Six Days after

the Offender shall have been convicted, and an Order made and feryed upon him or her for Pay-

ment thereof.

LXXV III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That whatever Penalty or Forfeiture shall be levied or

recovered on the Information of the Surveyor of any Turnpike Road, or of any Toll-gatherer, or

Evi.vnte of the other Person employed by the Trustees appointed for repairing the Roads, and receiving Salaries or

$ jrvcyri or Rewards for their Services, and not otherwise directed by this Act, shall go and be applied to the

c Jus tu amenihng of the said Turnpike Roads respectively, and to no other Use or Purpose whatever $ any

Tmflees wVh Thing in this or any other Act to the Contrary notwithstanding,

b.iiun.* ill ah be applied to the Use of the Roads*

How to be ap-

plied.

If no Distress,

the O(lender to

be comxnitted.

V the Offender

.fuil cc, the Ju-

llicts where he

lives may pro-

ceed, having a

Cotyof the

Conviction duly

proved.

No Wan ant of

I'M*refs to be

jlTa -d till Six

1 ys atier the

t jnvictkn.

p ( rfl ituics re-

cavr rid, on the

LXXIX.

