A.D. 1773.* Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 28. 681

houses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, which are not possessed at the Time of laying on

the general Assessraent, shall afterwards, during the Currency of that Year, become possessed, it

shall be lawful to, and in the Power of, the said Trustees, to meet and afTofs the fame in Man-

ner above prescribed ; and that it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees, if they fee Cause for

so doing, totally to exempt Houses of the yearly Rent of Twenty-five Shillings Sterling or under

from Payment of any Assessments by virtue of this Act.

LX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no AiFeffinent shall be made, nor Tax levied, Prorifo.

by virtue of this present Act, for Buildings (landing detatched from Dwelling-houses, which are

and shall be used only as Cellars and Warehouses, for the sole Purpose of keeping Merchandise

therein, so long as the fame shall continue to be so solely used as aforesaid ; any Thing herein

to the Contrary notwithstanding.

LXI. And, for determining the real Rent of each Dwelling-house, Shop, Warehouse, or other Taunts obliges

Tenement, liable to the Payment of any Assessment to be imposed by virtue of this Act, it is herebytodedaretbc.

further enacted, That the .Tenant or Possessor shall be obliged to declare upon Oath the Ex'tentJ^*of thcix

thereof, if required, (which Oath any of the said Bailies are hereby impowered to administer); 60

and that in case the Possessor or Possessors shall happen to be also Proprietor or Proprietors, he,

lhe, or they shall be obliged, in like Manner, to declare the Price he, the, or they paid for his,

her, or their Possession, or what it cost him, her, or them; and he, (he, or they shall be assessed,

at the Rate aforesaid, according to the Rent, equal to Six Pounds Sterling per Centum of such

Price or Cost.

LXII. And it is further enacted. That the said Bailies and Town Council of Greened shall haveoutmaioas to

Power to make Regulations from Time to Time, for removing Obstructions, and preventing Nuisances be removed,

of every Kind, within the Bounds comprised in this Act; and to enforce the fame by such small Penalties

as they shall appoint, not exceeding, m any Cafe, Ten Shillings Sterling for each Transgression ; to

be levied in Manner herein-after mentioned.

LXIII. And be it likewise enacted by the Authoritvaforesaid, That the said Trustees shall and may, For borrowing

and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, to borrow and take up at Interest Money*

any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding, at any One Time, the Sum of One thousand five

hundred Pounds Sterling, and to grant, assign, and set over the several Rates and Duties given and

granted by this A ft for bringing in Water, and lighting, paving, and watching the Streets, to any

Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall be willing to advance and lend Money thereon, for fecu-

ring the Payment of lhe fame, with Interest respectively; and that the Monies so to be borrowed

ana advanced shall be employed for bringing in Water, lighting, paving, cleaning, and watching

the Streets, and not otherwise.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Sum and SumsApplication oT

of Money, which shall be levied and received from the Rates and Duties upon Houses and Wa-n^Moaiw.

ter for Shipping, shall, after paying One-third of the Expence of the passing of this Act,

by the said Trustees, be applied for and towards bringing in Water into the Town of

Greenock, and for lighting, paving, cleansing, and watching the Streets; and for keeping and preserv-

tng the fame, and paying the Officers and Servants to be employed in and about or concerning the

fame, and to no other Ule or Purpose Whatsoever.

LXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to HowMeetingt

and for the Two Bailies of Greenock, and they are hereby authorised and required, to call and convene aretobeappoint-

the Fcuars, Sub-fcuars, Corporations, Burgesses, and House-holders in the Town of Greenock, by for chufinS

publick Advertisement from the Readers Delks in the Churches of Greenock, upon the Sunday im-TniAeei-

mediately before such Meeting; and they are hereby required to meet together at and in the Town-

house of Greenock., at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, on the First Tuesday of July, On- thou-

sand seven hundred and seventy-three, and so yearly on every following First Tuesday of July, and

then and there, by Plurality of Voices of such as are present, by giving in Lilts iigned by them,

to nominate and appoint Nine Feuars, Sub-feuars, or Burgesses, to be Trustees on their Part for

the Purposes before mentioned; and that the Nine Persons so elected and chosen, shall be and con-

tinue Trustees under this present Act for One Year afterwards, and until the First Tuesday of July

immediately following.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That in every Year there shall be held Four Quarterly Ge-Time of the

neral Meetings of the said Trustees, upon the Second Tuesday of July, Second Tuesday of OSlober, General

Second Tuesday of January, and Second Tuesday of April, during the Continuance of this Act; and <*wterbrMtcv’

that the First General Quarterly Meeting shall be held on the Second Tuesday of July^ in the Year,Dg,‘

One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, within the Town-house of Greenock, in the Fore-

noon; and that the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, in such General Meeting assembled,

may adjourn themselves to such Time and Place as they shall think proper, for the better carrying the

Purposes of this Act into Execution.

LXVII And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Questions which shall arise before to be

the said Trustees m (he Execution of this Act, and assembled in General Meetings as aforesaid, determined at

shall be determined by Plurality of Voices; and that the senior Matnstrate of Greenock, present at the Actings by

Time, shall preside at all Meetings of the said Trustees; and besides his single Voice in common with P,l,.rabtT of

the other Trustees, shall, in all Cafes of Equality of Voices, have a calling and decisive Vote. 0lcc,‘

LXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted. That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act ini-Penalt;etan^

posed, (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly di-Forfeiture* h©*

rested ), to be recovered

and applied.

