222 C. 36. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

The first Year's XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Assessment to be laid for the first Year, by the Authority

AfiVflVnent not of this Act, (hr.ll not be under one Shilling Sterling in the Pound of the real Rent, unless the Commit-

j°gbccJtCp ^loners of any District shall make it appear to a General Meeting, that a Idler Sum is sufficient for both

onlefs^it te^.Vdc ^ie ordinary and extraordinary Purposes of this Act for that Year: And which AfiefTments shall be laid on

appear *h ta for one Year, commencing at the first annual General Meeting, and ending at the second annual General

fmalier Ail. O'- Meeting, to be held by virtue of this Act, and (bon yearly thereafter.

mem ill be XXX. And it is hereby further enacted and declared. That the AfiefTments so laid shall be leviable and

fuftc’cnt. levied at the Terms of Lammas and Candlemas next after the general annual Meeting, by equal Portions:

ctn'lmnuht And if any Person or Persons who shall be rated or assess'ed by virtue or in purfuancexrf this Act, shall refuse

tijen/or n?g'c^ to PaY the Rate or Assessment charged upon him, her, or them, in pursuance of this Act, for

at tht second the Space of ten Days next after his, her, or their respective Rate or Rates, Assessment or AfiefTments,

ana annual Ge- shall be due, and demanded by the Collector or Collectors authorited and appointed to collect and receive

nerM Mcitrn^ to the fame, (such Demand being either personally made to the respective Person or Persons so charged, or

Wield b> this left in W^riting at his, her, or their respective House or Houses, or Place or Places of Abode); then, and

Rzarstclv le- *n evcrY such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Collectors, every or any of

v=«! at Lairmis them, having a Warrant or Warrants under the Hand of the Judge Ordinary, (which Warrant or

■»id Cinjlsmas Warrants the said Collector and Collectors is and are hereby required to apply for, and the said Judge Or-

dinary is hereby authorised and required to grant) and with the Assistance of a Constable, or other Peace

Officer, to enter his, her, or their House or Houses, Apartment or Apartments, and then and there to

seize and keep Possession of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels; and if the said Rate or AflclTment shall

not be paid within three Days next after such Seizure is made, together with the Costs and Charges thereof,

then to fell, by public Audtion, at the Market Cross of Edinburgh, so much, and such Part of the said

Goods and Chattels, as shall be sufficient to pay the said Rate or Assessment, with the Costs and Charge^

attending such Seizure and Sale, returning the Overplus, if any, to the Owner or Owners of such Goocfs

and Chattels (the said Costs and Charges to he settled and allowed by the said Judge Ordinary, who shall

have granted such Warrant or Warrants respectively).

AiTdT.nfnrs to XXXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the AfiefTments shall be laid upon Dwelling-

b? la d on Houses houses, Shop?, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements that are actually pofleflld at the Time

T^n*c^or\hofc the fame ls Hid on only, and the Pofleflors, whether Proprietors or Tenants, shall be liable to the Pay-

to‘beV^»t ment thereof: And if any Dwelling-houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements,

a y Vurewithin which arc not pofl'efi'ed at the Time the general Assessment is laid, shall thereafter, during the Currency of

the Year. that Year, become posscflcd, it shall he in the Power of the Commissioners of the District where such

c\mmiiTioners Dwelling-house, Shop, Warehouse, Cellar, Vault, or other Tenement is situated, or any two of them,

i, they think, lit, to meet and a fiefs the fame in Manner above prescribed: And it shall be in the Pouter of the Commis-

House^oTthree fl0ners of each District totally to exempt Houses within their District, paying the yearly Rent of three

Founds Rent, Pounds Sterling, or under, from Payment of any Assess'ments by virtue of this Act, if they fee Cause.

or under, from XXXIi. And, for determining the real Rent of each Dwelling-house, Shop, Warehouse, or other

AiiciTment, 4 Tenements liable to the Payment of any Assessment to he imposed by virtue of this Act/ It is hereby fur-

and administer ther enacted, That the Tenant or PofleiTor shall beobligtd to declare upon Oath the Extent thereof, if

Garni for afeer- reqUjrccj (which Oath any two Commissioners for the District where he, flic, or they reside, are hereby

of Houses* &cCnt imPowerefi to administer): And in case the Possessor or Pofiefi'ors shall happen to be also Proprietor or Pro-

1 prictors, he, she, or they, shall be obliged in like Manner to declare the Price he, she, or they, paid for

his, her, or their Possession, or what it cost him, her, or them; and he, she, or they, shall be alidkd

according to the Rent, equal to seven Pounds Sterling per Centum, of such Price or Cost.

In case Comm if- XXXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Commissioners of any particular

fliafi neglect to meet, and put in Execution the Part of this Act committed to them, for ascertain-

re/'<<He 1 s”a?Gc- *n£ Expence neccfi’ary for the Purposes thereof, and assessing the Inhabitants of their District therewith,

ner.il Mating, in Manner above prescribed, at least ten Days before the 'Perm of Lammas next after the annual General

called to 1 that Meeting yearly 5 it shall be in the Power of a General Meeting, confiding of (even Commissioners at least,

JVp.fe, fijall called for that Purpose by their Convener, to afiefs such District as they shall fee cause, in the Manner di-

i0t redted by this Act.

G< mmiiTioners XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners, at their annual General Meeting, or at

at Ctneral any other General Meeting, or the major Part of them, shall determine all Questions or Disputes that may

Met tings to de- arise w i t h i n any particular District, touching whether any House or Place is liable to be assess'ed by virtue of

"-iJn r be* this Act; and likewise all Dilputes that may aiife between any two or more Distridls, whether any House

tvi'tViMhI*oitier- or Houses, Place or Places, pr<jperly belongs to one or other District; and in all such Disputes, it is hereby

ent Oiar.cis. provided and declared, th.it the Commissioners of the respective Distridls, interested in the lfluc of the said

Commiilio: ers Disputes, shall have no Voice in the Determination thereof.

mtc died lo have no Voice in the Determination.

Con miiTioners XXXV. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Commissioners, at their annual General Meeting,

at thdr Gcmral dial 1 have Power to make Regulations, from time to time, for removing Obstrudlions, and preventing Nui-

^ances °fevcrV’ Kind, within the Pounds comprised in this Act; and to enforce the fame by such small Pc-

la:ions"for re-" Jla‘t'*cs as they shall appoint, not exceeding, in any Cafe, ten Shillings Sterling for each Transgrcflion, to

moving ob- he levied in Manner herein after mentioned.

inuct.o;)XXXVI. Provided always, Thar, in no Cafe, the Funds arising out of one DistridI, whether by AfTcfT-

F,1mJs aiifing rnents, Penalties, or otherwise, by virtue of this Act, shall be applied to the Purposes of lighting, watch-

of uiic Du’, ing, and cleansing the Streets of any other Districts, nor to any Use or Purpose. whatever within any

4 other

