34 C. 122, Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 177s.

A&Vn to be

brought within

6 Months.

)*ov. m^afs

vc:kh u\ Coin-*

JSihionciS,

Streets to be-

IMvtkl.

vmrnifi] mei»

tt y nif.!<e

Ounuadf,

r.hsne Da vs

t!. f

p r*!ic Ktns*

fcV ~r.-

of Record, within six Calendar Months after the Offence committed in which no Essoin, Protection, or

Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after any or either of the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts,

Alleys, Ways, or other public Passages, which by this Act are to be repaved, relayed, or repaired, fL.-.ii

actually be begun to be repaved, relayed, or repaired, the Property of all the present anJ future Pavements

in the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other-public Passages, as well in the Foot-

ways as Carriage-ways, and of all Materials, Implements, and other T hings, to be pu» dialed for the P ^r-

pofesofthis Act, shall be, and the fame are hereby vested in the said Com mi dinners, and they, or any five

or more of them, arc hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to he brought, any Action or

Actions, in the Name or Names of any two or more of them the said Commissioners, or in the Name of

their Treasurer or Clerk, or to prefer any Rill or Bills of Indictment, in any such Name or Names, as the

Cafe shall require, against any Person or Persons-whomsoever, who shall lteal, purloin, or by any

or Means carry away, spoil, injure, or destroy, or cause to be ffolen, purloined, taken, carried away,

spoiled, injured, or destroyed, the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof; and the said Commissioners, or any

five or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority to fell and dispose cf all or any Part or Parts of

the old and useless Materials, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing, to purchase the fame, at fuel*

Price or Prices as the said Commissioners, or any five of them, shall think reasonable; and the Money

arising therefrom shall be applied to such and the fame Purposes as the Monies arising fiom the Rates anff

Assessments in and by this Act directed to be made, are to be applied.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any five or qiorc of them, shall have full

Power and Authority, from time to time, to cause, order, and diredf,. all or any of the said Streets, Squares,

Lancs, Courts, Alleys, Ways, or other public Paliiiges, to be new paved,.repaired, relayed, raised, lowered,

or altered, when and as often, and in such Manner and Form, and with such Materials as the said Commil-

sioners, orany five or more of them, shall think fit; and also to be freed from all Annoyances, N uifancev,

Incroachmeius, and Obstrudtions whatsoever; and for such Purposes may, from time to time, cause to be

dug, carted, ami carried out of, or brought into the fame, or any of them, such Gravel, Stones, and other

Materials as they shall judge necessary; and may likewise cause the Water-pipes, which now lie, or here-

after shall be laid under Ground, to be taken up and new-laid in such Places, Manner, and Form, as they

the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall. judge bess, and to employ such Artificer?*,

Workmen, and other Persons, and to issue such Money on those Accounts, and to do all and every such

other Acts and Things as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall judge necessary, fit, or

reasonable, for effectually carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution.

XII. And be it further enacted,. That the said Commissioners, orany five or more of them, may, and are-

hereby impowered from time to time, and at all times hereafter, as Occasion shall requite, to contract

v/ith any Person or Persons, for paving, relaying, repairings railing, lowering, amending, altering, ar.d

keeping in Repair, all or any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other pub-

lic Railages, and for the several Works hereby directed to be performed, or any of them; which Contract

and Contracts shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the fame, and the

Time or Times when the said Works- shall be completed, and the Penalties to be fuffered in case of Non-

performance thereof; and- such Contract or Contracts shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any five

or more of them, and by the Person or Persons contracting to perform such Works; but previous to the

making of any such Contract, ten Days Notice shall be given in some public Newspaper, expressing the

Intention of such Contract, in order that any Person or Persons willing to undertake the fame, may make

Proposals for that Purpose to the said Commissioners, at a certain Time and Place in such Notice to be men-

tioned.

® ' -'orf. C: ttr:,.

A-< tocc-rp.

^' lV.‘J,

Di ‘ v;tf* nWlt

^ , Cf Woik-

ho>v

1 i’tv on 00-

\Vttk-

:iu n.

Xllf. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or

any five or more of them, from time to time, to employ such and so many Paviors, Artificers, Workmen*

Labourers, Carters, and others, in the respective Works aforesaid, as they shall judge necessary for the

cue Execution of such Works; and no Person or Persons shall, for any Act done in consequ:*ncc of his or

their being so employed by order of the said Commissioners, be subjedtor liable to auv Action, Indictment*

cr Information, upon the Statute made in the fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, yht

A SI containing divers Orders for Artificerj. Labourers, Servants of Husbandry, and Apprentices.

XIV. And be it further enacted,. That if any Dispute shall arise with respect to the Wages of such Pa-

vior:-, Artificers, Workmen, or Labourers employed on orabout.the said Pavement, it shall and may be

settled by any one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of ATrJdlejcx, or for the Liberty of

his Majesty’s Tower of London^ in a summary Way, whose Determination shall be final.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times obstruct*.

binder, or mo left any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, Workmen, Person or Persons

whomsotver,. who are or shall be employed by virtue of this Act, in the Performance or Execution of his

or their Duty, every such Person so offending shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds,

for the ft?«;omi Offence the Sum of ten Pounds, and for the third, and every other Offence, the Sum. of

twvrity Founds.

And be it further enadicd; That when and so often as any Pipe or Pipes belonging to any Water

v p;»>.,

*.irj.>, ho* tc Companies who do or shall furnish any Part of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, A1

- ......

\Y

ays.

her public Passages with Water (which now lie, or hcrcaher shall be laid under Ground, dial! brcaic,.

bur ft, or decay, so as to require- Reparation) the Surveyor for the time being to the Commissioners, or

such other Person- as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall.appoint for that Purpose,

iiuli forthwith give immediate Notice thereof to the.pavior of the Water Company to whom he apprehends

1* iuca

