17°

A cmart Pro-

Vortion of the

Rates to be ap-

plied in Dif-

charge of Money

feorrowcd*

The Money to

be paid into the

Ban lo.

Manner of pay-

ing off the Debt.

Method to be

taken for paying

off Bonds.

Conttnlfftoner*

to borrow

Money for pa-

ying, &c«

CortmiiTienen

to borrow

Money at a

lower Interest

to pay off Bonds.

C. 4#. Anno decimo tertio Georg ii IXT. Av 0.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in order to discharge the said Principal Money and intered,

it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them,. and they-

are hereby authorised and impowered, yearly and every Year, to dedudl, appropriate, and set apart any

Sum or Sums 6f Money, not exceeding One Penny Halfpenny in the Pound,- of the Total Amount of*

the yearly Rent or Value of all and every the Lands, Grounds, Houses, Shops* Warehouses, Coach-

houses. Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments respe&ivdy within the

Limits aforcfaicL and the said Sum or Su-ms of Money so to be set apart and appropriated, shall bev

from Time to Time, taken and deducted from and out of the Rate and Assessment levied and collected

by virtue of the said Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for the Purpose of repairing,

cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Passages and Places within the Limits

aforesaid : Provided always. That such Sum or Sums of Money so to be deducted, set apart* and ap-

propriated, as aforesaid, shall not at any Time exceed the Proportion of One Penny Halfpenny in the

Pound, according to the yearly Rent or Value of such Lands, Grounds, Houses* Shops, Warehouses,*

Coach-houses* Stables, Cellars* Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, on which such

Rates or Assessments shall have been actually levied and collected, and shall only be so deduc-

ed, set apart, and appropriated, at such Time or Times as the said Rate and Assessment by the

said Act allowed to be levied and collected for the Purpose of repairing, cleansing, and lighting, as*

aforesaid, shall not exceed the full Sum of One Shilling in the Pound in any One Year ; any Thing

herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum or Sum or Sums of Money fotobe set apart and

appropriated,- shall and-may, from Time to Time, as the fame shall be levied and collected, be paid into

the Bank of England, and front thence issued and applied in such Manner, and to and for such Uses

and Purposes, as are by this Act herein-after directed and appointed \ and the Treasurer or Treassurers*

to the said Commissioners for the Time beings shall keep the Account* relating to such Sum or Sums of

Money, so paid into the Bank as aforesaid, separate and didindl from all other Accounts of the said*

Commissioners.

XVIII. And be it further enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to-

^nd for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and

impowered, from Time to Time, when and as often as the Surplus of the said Sixpenny Rate (if any\

shall, together with the Produce of One Penny Halfpenny in the Poundr so to be set apart and appro-

priated, amount to the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, or upwards, to pay off and discharge the Money

borrowed, and to bz borrowed, on the Credit of the said Sixpenny Rate, in such Manner as is herein-

after directed, and a separate Account shall be kept of the Sums of Money paid off and discharged by

the Surplus of the said Sixpenny Rate didindt from those which shall be paid off and discharged by

the Sums so appropriated as aforesaid, by virtue of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the-

said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to cause the Numbers of all the Bonds or Securities*

which shall be then due and owing to the Creditors on the said Sixpenny Rate to be put separately in-

to a Box or Glass, and that so many Numbers of the said Bonds or Securities shall be drawn out of

the said Box or Glass by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, in the Presence of the said Commissioners,.

or any Seven or more of them, as shall make up the Sum then intended to be paid off; and that Six

Calendar Months Notice, in Writing, or printed, and signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners

for the Time being, shall be given to the Person or Persons who shall he imitled to such Bond or Bonds,

Security or Securities, so drawn out, or shall be left at his, her, or their lad or most usual Place of

Abode, that his, her, or their respective Bond or Bonds, Security or Securities, Principal and Lntered,

will be paid off ; and that at the Expiration of the said Six Calendar Months, to be computed from

the Day of such Notice given or left, as aforesaid, all intered on such Pond or Bonds, Security or

Securities, shall cease and determine.

XX. And whereas ir may hereafter happen, That by a long ami condant wear of the Pavement

within the Limits aforesaid, the Expence of repairing the fame may be too large to be defrayed out of

the annual Rates alloued to be collected for that Purpose; be it further enacted by the Authority afore-*

said, That it shall and may be lawful for any Seven or more of the said Commissioners, and they are

hereby authorised and impowered, in Cafes of such Necessity only, to borrow and take up at intered

such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be so wanted, on the Credit of the said Sixpenny Rate, in like

Manner as is directed by the before-recited Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,.

for the borrowing Money on the said Sixpenny Rate : Provided always. That no greater Sum or Sums

of Money shall be so borrowed than was or were actually paid off and discharged by Means of the said

Sum of One Penny Halfpenny in the Pound, by this Act so set apart ana appropriated, as afore-

said.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners can,

at any Time, borrow and take up any Sum or Sums of Money, not less than the Sum of Five hundred

Pounds at One l ime, at a lower Rate of intered than the Bonds or Securities by them iiFued then

carry, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them,

from Time to Time, to pay off and discharge the Bonds or Securities bearing an higher Rate of In-

tered, following the Diredhons and Regulations as are herein*before prescribed for paying oft Bouds

and Securities,

XXII. Pro-

