A.D..1772* Anno duodecimo Georgii III; C. 37. 481

LXXX. Ami it is hereby further enacted and declared. That all the pecuniary Fines, Penalties, and P«nahi«, &c.

Forfeitures, hereby inflicted or authorised to be imposed, the Recovery whereof is not herein-before di-

reeled, shall he recovered determined by Distrcfs and Sale of the Offender’* Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or00^

Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any Justice oc Justices of the Peace for the

said E:tft Riding of the County of Yonf, who is and are hereby inipcwcred and authorised to 2ct in the

Premises ; and also to hear and deteimine all other Complaints hereby referred to and made cognizable

by any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, and to iflV-c such Warrant and Warrants aa

is and arc hereby required or necessary to he granted or iiiucd by any Justice or Justices of the Peace for

any of the Purposes in this Act contained : Anri in case furTieient Distrcfs shall not he found, it shall be

lawful for any such Justice to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or Mouse of

Correction, th?«e to remain without Hail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar

Months, or until the Penalty shall be paid or otherwise compounded for; which Compoution the kid

Trustees, cr rny Seven or more of them, are hereby impowered t<> make: And that all such Fines, Pe-

nalties, and Foiftit-ircs, and Corrpofuion-rnonies, nr any Part or Parts thereof, which .are not herein-

before directed to he applied* shall be paid inro the Hands of the Treasurer or Freafurers to the said

TrinLes, and applied for the Purpolls of Drainage and Navigation respectively.

LXXXL And be it further enacted. That all Pci Tons who shall think themselves aggrieved by the Pfr^°n*

Order or Judgment of any Justice or Justices of the Peace upon account of any Offence committed,’or

suppofvJ to be committed, against this Act, or any Pvnaltics to be levied by virtue thereof, may appeal gonl, * * e~

to the Justices of the Peace for the said East Riding of the County of York* at the next General or Quar-

ter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the Jhid Riding after the Cnufe of such Appeal fb !l happen, the

Person or Persons so appealing first entering into a Recognizance with Two sufficient Sureties to the

Satisfaction of the said Justice or Justices to prosecute fuc h Appeal with Ffreest, and to pay the Colt*

winch shall be ascertained by the said Justices in the said General or Quarter Sclilons, in call? such

Order and Judgment shall be aflirnud ; and the said Justices, in their said General or Quarter Sessions,

are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine such Appeal, and give such Colts to either Par-

ty as they shall think reason.ible, and to make such Order therein as to them shall appear just ; which

Order snail be final and conclusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed or immoveable by any Writ

of Certiorariy or otherwise, into any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at JVj}min(lsr% or elsewhere,

FXXXil. And be it further enacted. That no Order or other Proceeding to be made or had by pr Proceeding* not

before ary Justice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of the Powers by this Act granted, shall be quaflied *• * for

or vacate ! for wintof Form only. want of Form.

LXXXIII. Provided always, That no Warrant, Mortgage, AflLnment, Transfer, or other Writing Exemption from

whatsoever, to be made or written in pmfuance of or relating to the Execution of any of the Powers of StarnP dul,e*

this Asst, Ihill be subject to or charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

LXXXiV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be brought ^™,tIt,on

or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done, or to be done, in pursuance ofA lon##

this Act, or in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities, or the Orders or Directions herein-be-

fore given or granted, every such Action, Suit, or Information (hull he commenced and brought within

Three CalenJar Months next after the Fact committed, and no: afterwards, and shall be tried by a

Jury of the County of YorL\ and not elsewhere; and the Person or Persons so sued or prosecuted shall Gcneni Issue.

or may plead the General Issue; 2nd if in Replevin, may justify and avow by virtue of this Act, as

Persons acting by Authority of CommiflDner; cf Sewers are enabled to do, and’ give this Act, and the

Special Matter in Evidence, without specially pleading the same (other than as aforesaid), at any Trial

to be had thereupon ; and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act : And

if the fame shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the

Time before limited for bringing the lame, or shall be brought down to be tried in &ny other County,

except the County -of York, then the Jury shall tind for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avow-

ants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit.d, or discontinue his, her, or their Suit or

Suits, or if any Verdict shall pass, or Judgment be given against him, her, or them upan Demurrer,

or otherwise; then, and in any of the said Cafes, the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, .. r

shall iecover Trelfte Costs ; for which he, 11 c, or they shall have the like Remedy as when Costs are re c 0

award d in other Cafes by Law.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted. That where any Distrcfs shall be made for any Sum or Sums

of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distrcfs kfclf shall not be deemed unlawful, nor th< Damage.

Party or Patties making the same be deemed a Trespafter or Trcfpafleis on account of any DefevSt or

Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distrcfs, or other Proceedings relating thereto;

nor shill the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespafter or Trespafters ah initio, on account of

any Irrcguiarity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Per-

son or Persons aegfttved by such Irreguhuity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Da-

mage in any Action upon the Cafe.

LXXX VI. And be* it further enabled. That Accounts of all Monies which shall be received, raised. Account* to bt

and borrowed by virtue of this Act, and of the Expenditure of such Monies respectively; and also all

Debts, Contracts, Orders, and Proceedings of the said Commissior.ers, or of the said Trustees in the

Execution of or relating to this Act, shall be, fiom Time to Time, regularly and fairly entered in pro-

per Hooks, to be kept for that Purpose; and such Entries being ligned by the major Part of the said

Coomuflioners, or by Seven or more of the said Trustees, and atulted by the Clerk to the said Comif-

Vol.XL 3 Q_ sioners,

