79^ C. 6o. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

^a!o*bCon"f- °'ens> or Aflayeror A flayers, orby any Maker or Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any or either of

Ported to Ame- them 5 every Person offending in any, each or either of the Cafes aforesaid, and being thereof law-

1 ca for x+Yctvu fully coitvidled, shall, by Order of the Court before whom such Offender shall be convicted, be trans-

norttd to some of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America, for the Term of Fourteen

Years.

CAP. LX.

An Act for draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishea of Tid.

Saint Giles and Newton, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge j and in ‘Tid

Saint Mary’s, in the County of Lincoln.

*wu»ble. x TY7 HEREAS the several Lands and Grounds lying in the Parishes of Tid Saint Giles and

Newton, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and in Tid Saint Miry s Fen, in the

4 County of Lincoln, containing Five thousand three hundred Acres, or thereabouts, and abutted and

1 bounded as follows; that is to say. By Shire Drain Bank andEaudike, on the North and Weft; Lands

in the Parish of Levering ton, and Lands of Lord Web Symour, lying in Tid Saint Mary's aforesaid,

South; and by a certain Bank called The Roman, or Old Sea Bank, East; are much annoyed with

Waters for want of a proper Drainage 5 and if the fame were effectually drained, ereat Benefit

4 would accrue, as well to the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, as to the Publick 5 but

x there are no Powers or Provisions now in Force, by virtue of or under any Commission of Sewers,

4 or Law in being, for the cffecting of the fame; and the said Lands and Grounds cannot be drained

4 without the Aid and Authority of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may

be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

— Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

itomminigners an(j Authority of the same, That’Sir Clement Trafford Knight, Robert Colvile Esquire, Richard

Colvile Esquire, Charles Bagge Doctor in Divinity. Everard Buckworth Doctor of Laws, Marmaduke

Dayrell Esquire, Richard Iveby Esquire, William Irelby Esquire, Thomas Jenkinson Woodward Efauire,

Charles Weston Esquire, Daniel Swaine Esquire, William Greaves Clerk, John Lumpkin Clerk, Eawati

Cross, George Hepburn, Jacob Dixon, Nicholas Lumpkin, George Fitzwtlliam Hodgson, George Burgee,

John Pitchford, Thomas Sharpe, John Oldham, John Morris, Edward Jackson, Thomas Hankmfon, John

Harber, John Ream, William Coe, Jacob Scribo, William Kirton, and Edward Dickenson; (half be, and

they and their Successors^ to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, are hereby appointed Com-

missioners for putting this Act into Execution,

floilfficttlon of II. Provided nevertheless, and be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That none of the

Commiifonexi. said Persons shall be capable of acting as Commissioners under this Act, but for such Time only as

they shall respectively be the Owners of Twenty Acres at the least of the said Lands and Grounds

hereby intended to be drained; and upon any One of the said Persons being or becoming unqualified

as aforesaid, another Person duly qualified shall be elected in his Room, in Manner herein-after pre-

ferred for eledling Commissioners, and shall have the feme Powers for executing this Act as any other

Commissioner has.

Time ana Place III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall

of Commission- mcct Once at lead in every Year; to wit. On the Second Tuesday in Abril, at The Rose and

xn MeetiDfr Crown Inn, in Wisbech Saint Peter's, in the said IJU of Ely, and County of Cambridge, or at such

other Time or Times, Place or Places, as they shall fee Cause, or think convenient; and shall and

may, from Time to Time, at any of their Meetings, adjourn themselves to such other Time or

Times, Place or Places, as they shall think proper; and that Three of the said Commissioners, and

tu> less a Number, shall be deemed, at all Times, to make and constitute a Meeting within the true

Intent and Meaning of this A St, for doing the Business, and carrying the Purposes thereof into Exe-

cution, (except only as it is in some Cafes herein-after enacted), and that the First Meeting to be

held in purfcance of this Act, shall be at the Rose and Crown Inn in IViJbech Saint Peter's aforesaid, on

the Tuesday Three Weeks next after the Day of the passing thereof; and that Ten Days Notice of every

other Meeting, in every Year, shall be given under the Hand of Two or mote of the said Commis-

sioners, or their Clerk, and affixed in some publick Place in Wisbech Saint Peter's aforesaid, and on the

Church Doors of Newton Tid Saint Giles, and Tid Saint Man’s.

What Sow! dull IV. Provided always. That no greater or larger Sum of Money than Three {Pounds in the Whole,

be allowed at at any One of the said General Meetings, or more than Two Pounds in the Whole at any of the said

Meeting*, an* other Meetings, shall ever be paid and allowed out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act,

for the Charges or Expences of the said Commissioners; and that all Orders and Determinations of

be at pobikk Commissioners in the Execution of this Act shall be made at Meetings to be held in pursuance

Mettzs only, thereof, by a Majority of the Commissioners present at such Meetings; and that no such Order or De-

termination of the said Commissioners shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless

Five Commissioners at lead shall be present, and concur in the revoking or altering thereof, (except

such Orders and Determinations as shall be made at any of the said Meetings, touching the opening

and (hutting down of any of the Tunnels and Sluices already set down, or to be set down, and made use

of in the Execution of this Act, which shall and may be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting

of the said Commissioners*

