21 3

A.D. 1771. Anno umlecimo Georgii III. C. 3 f.

y ?r*v; t^e Foundations of the said Front Wall to be mnrle with such t-o(F towards the said Rive-, and

the t.'.ul \\rall to be guarded wi»h such P:lrs, and other Defences, as shall be thought requiiiieor expedient

for lei tiring the Stability and Duration thereof.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority arorefiid, That the GrounJ and Soil of the said River so 95°ltn<! l:fthe

to he inclosed and embanked in the Front of furh respective House, Wharf, or Piece of Ground, fhdl veil,k'dln'he

ar.J the lame is hereby veiled in the Owner or Owners, Pioprictor or Proprietors of furh adjoining House, pront of'c,cll

Wharf, or Ground respectively, according to his, her, or their respective Eliatcs, Truits, or Imercfts h >u‘e, to>e

th ercin. *efle»l in the

III. Provided always, That no Shed or Sheds, Funding or Buildings of any Kind whatfeever, h:ghei °/vyr

than twenty Feet above the Level of high Water Mark (cx.ept as herein after is mentioned) shall at any I^rrrct-^on

T imeor limes hereafter be crebted or built upon any Part of the said Ground and Soil, so to be inch ^«h«c"u,; .0

and embanked; nor fh nil the lame contain any hire-place. Chimney, or Funnel, for the Conveyance ol be embinked.

S tv kc, which th-li \entitfelf above the Top of any such Sired or Building; nor shall any Coals, Limber,

Blanks, or other Goods, Ware*, or Merchandises, be piled up upon any Part of the said Ground and Soil

h gher than thnty Feet above the Level of high Water Mark, upon Pain that every Shtd or Building,

Fire-place, Chimney, or Funnel, winch shall he creeled or built, and all Coal*, 'Limber, Planks, G'>ods,

W arc*, and Men lunJifcs, (Much shall be piled up ur>on any Part of the said Premiles, contrary to the

true Intent and Me ining hereof. Hi all be deemed, construel, and taken to be a public Nuiiance, and may

be proceeded again!! and redrHied as a public Nuisance; and all and every Person and Persons guilty there-

of, shall and may be prosecuted or indidled accordingly; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary

tbc'eof in anywise n twithstandirg.

IV Provided nevcithelcfs, ami be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall inti may be Ternsaf

Lwlul for the Lid Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such respective House-, Wharfs, and lum V*>n. m4y

Ground*, to build or erect upon the said (ground, so to be inclosed and embanked as aforesaid, such Build- l°

irgs as shall be nereflary for completing the said Terras and Buildings called The AJclpbi, according to the

rrefent Plan or Delicti the'cof; and also furh Buildings as shall be necessary for continuing such Terras

r.affward from The Aaelpli, to the South-weft Corner of the Buildings commonly called Toe Savoy; any

Thing herein before contained to th? contrary notwithstanding.

V. And where is the Mayor and Commonalty, ami Citizens of the Ciry of Louden, claim a Right to Rights of the

the Soil of the River Thames so proposed to be inclosed and embanked as aforesaid, and on that Account Citizens of Lor-

c inlist, that the Laid John Adam, Robert Adam, James Adam* Hllliam Adam, James Paine, Dorothy Alonk,*0*to bc

4 Clementina Paujon, anJ If'illiam Kitchiner, ought to make Satisfaction to them the said Mayor and Com- 11 aWv

4 monahy, and Citizens of London, for the Liberty of embanking as aforesaid: And whereas it is just and

4 reasonable, that the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of London, should be at Liberty to try

the said Right at Law ;* Be it therefore enabled. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said

Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, to proceed to a Trial of the said Claim before the Chief Justice, or

any other of the Judges of his M. jelly’s Court of Kin* s Bench, or Court of Common Pleas, at the Sittings of

T^ifi Pnus, in the mid County of Middlesex, in or after Michaelmas Term now next enluing, in a feigned

Action for that Purpose, to be commenced in his Majesty’s said Court of Kings Bench, or Court of Common

Phas, on or before the first Day of Trinity Term now next ensuing, wherein the said Mayor and Com-

monalty, and Citizens, {hall be Plaintiffs, and the said John A lam, R lurt Atlarn, Jam s A lam, H'illiam

Adam, James Painty Dorothy Alonk, Clementina Paujon, and I laid am Kitchiner, Defendants, upon one or

more JlTtie or 1 flues, to be settled by the Court in which the said Action shall be commenced, if the Parties

shall differ in the fettbng thereof; which I flue or llfucs to be tried by a Special Jury of Freeholders of the

said County of Middle/'x, whose Verdict thereupon, if the fame shall he satisfatftory to the Court where the

Gaufc is tiled, shall he final and conclusive to all the said Parties; and in case a Verdict shall be found for

the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, as to the said Right, the said Jury shall, upon their Oaths

esquire, as well what Damages have been, or will bc sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction

ought to be made to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of London, for so much of the Soil of

the said River Thames as shall be taken away for the Purpose of embanking as aforesaid, as well as the rc-

fpcctive Parts and Proportions of such Damages and Satisfaction which ought to bc paid by the said John

Adam, Robert Adam, James Adam, I Vi Hi am Adam, James Paine, Dorothy Alonk, Clementina Paujon, and

Ji itiiam Kitchiner, according to their several and respective Interests in the Soil of the said River so to be em-

banked, and to indorselhe fame upon the Pojiea; and for the better ascertaining such Damages, and the Lid

Proportions thereof as aforesaid, the Court in which the said Action shall be commenced, fhJI, upon the

Application ot cither ol the Parties, caule the laij Jury to view the Places in question; to which said Jury,

?s well the said Mayor and Commonalty* and Citizens, as the said John Adam, Robert Adam, James Adam,

IP 1 Li am Adam, James Paine, Dorothy Monk, Clementina Paujon, and William Kttcbmer, or any of them,

and all others intcrclltd, shall have their lawful Challenges; and the said Court where the said Action shall

be tried, shall, upon th^ Verdidtof the said Jury, in such feigned Action, give Judgement thereon accord-

ing to Law; whiih Judgement shall be recorded by the said Court, anti shall finally bind and bc conclusive

to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of London, and also to the said John Adam, Robert Adam,

Jan.fi Adam, if Ilham Adam, James Paine, Dorothy Alonk, Clementina Paujon, and William Kitchiner, and

all others interfiled in the said Embankment.

4 V L And whereas the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter in JVe/hninfler, do Ri^htofth*

4 also claim a Right to the Soil ol the said River Thames, within the Liberty of the said City of WejPnv per, and Ch p-

anJ on that Account infill, that the said John Adam, Robert Adam, James Adam, William Adam, James n^fler maj be

4 Paine, Dorothy Alonk, Clementina Paujon, and William Kitchiner, ought to make Satisla&ion to the said

4 Dean

