546 C. 61; Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Port or Placd whert afly Customhdufe is established* or any Collector or other Ofltcer of the Customs

, . shall reside, in order* and with an Intent, to be brought into the Port of Lotubn, or the Members

? dhtil ' thereof, or to any PUee whatsoever within the Distance of Twenty Miles from the Royal Exchange of

chief Majirtratt London, the said Oath required by the said recited Act shall and may be adir.tniftered by the Chief

of any Corpora- Magistrate of any Corporation at or nearest to the Place from whence such Goods are intended to be

tion. removed* who is hereby authorised and required to administer the fame, and to grant a Certificate

thereof, in the Form and to the Effect required by the said recited Act* under his Ifand^ and the pub*

lick Seal of such Corporation; any Thing in the said recited Act to the Contrary notwithstanding.

forfleitiiTeiofthe XII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by Authority aforesaid, That the several For-

lift recited Act feicures, Pains, and Penalties, inflicted and incurred by the said recited Act upon the Removal of any

t©extend to thu. such Qoods, without the Certificate therein directed* or falsely making Oath to any of the Facts by

the said Act required to be sworn, or for counterfeiting, raising, or falnfying any such Certificate, or

for knowingly or willingly making use of any such Certificate so counterfeited, raised, altered, or falsi-

fled, shall extend to this Act, and be in full Force against every Person who shall act contrary thereto*

in as full and ample Manner as if the fame had been agiin particularly repeated and re-enacted in the

Body of this Act.

XIII* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suitflidl be

commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant

General Issue. or Defendants, in such Action or Suit* may plead the General [due, and give this Act and the Special

Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon* and that the fame was done in pursuance and by

the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the De-

fendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff (nail be nonsuited* or discontinue his Action after the De~

fendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or De-

Treble Coftt* murrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Coils, and have tbc like

Remedy for the fame as Defendants have in other Cafes by Law.

CAP. LXI.

An Act to regulate the making, keeping* and Carriage of Gunpowder* within Great Britain;

and to repeal the Laws heretofore made for any of those Purposes.

preamble, \ T 7 HER E A S the Manufacture of Gunpowder within Great Britain* though necessary to be

4 W encouraged in respect of the Value of Gunpowder, as an Article of Defence and Commerce*

4 yet ought to be regulated by Law, in order to prevent the great Mischiefs which may arise from Ex-

4 ploftons occasioned by the improper Construction and Use of the Mills* Engines* and Buildings*

4 employed in the mating of Gunpowder, and for keeping and carrying Gunpowder in too great

4 Quantities, or in an improper Manner: And whereas the Act passed in the last Session of Parliament*

. intituled, An Act for reducing into one Act of Parliament the several Laws relating to the keeping and Car-

4 riage of Gunpowder, and for more effectually preventing Mischiefs, by keeping or carrying Gunpowder in ton

4 great Quantities, contains no Provision for regulating the making of Gunpowder, and is in other Re-

4 spedts defective* on which account it may be convenient to repeal the said Act* and* in the Room

4 thereof to have a new Law for regulating, as well the making as the keeping and Carriage of^Gun-

powder;’ be it therefore enacted bvtbe King’s most Excellent Majesty* by and with the Advice and

Content of the Lord’s Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons* in this present Parliament assembled.

Ho Persons to and by the Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons shall use, or cause to be used, any Mill

manufacture or Mills, or other Engine or Engines, for the making of Gunpowder, or in any Manner manufacture

mlSau*’ Gunpowder in any Place or Places within Great Britain* except in Mills and other Places where the

wfiereitis carry- Manufacture of Gunpowder shall be actually carrying on at the Time of the Commencement of this

ing o« a: the Act, or where it shall afterwards become lawful to carry on such Manufacture* by obtaining^a Licence

- puffing hereof, for that Purpose, under the Provisions herein-after contained, upon Pain of forfeiting all Gunpowder

without« U- manufactured contrary to the aforesaid Provision* and also Two Shillings for every Pound of such

P?rMferUUt Gunpowder.

No Person htr*’ IL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall,

fter to use a for the making of Gunpowder, employ, work or use, any Mill or Engine, worked with a Peftlc or

PefUe Mill. Pestles, and commonly called a Pejlle Mill, upon Pain of forfeiting all Gunpowder manufactured therein*

and also Two Shillings for every Pound of such Gunpowder.

Hot exceeding III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatfover shall*

40lb.to be mi<fe in or with any Mill or Engine used for the making of Gunpowder, make or cause to be made* at any.

at any Time ua- One Time under any single Pair of Mill Stones, any Quantity of Gunpowder, or Materials to be

of^in htoma^e ,nto Gunpowder, exceeding Forty Pounds* upon Pain of forfeiting all Gunpowder so made at

* One Time, and exceeding the said Quantity of Forty Pounds* and also Two Shillings for every Pound

of such Gunpowder.

NoP«rfon liable [v. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Per-

f°ns ke liable to any Prosecution under this Act, for using any Pestle Mill or Mills in the making

Mi.ls, &c. till Gunpowder, or for making ai>ove the Quantity of Forty rounds of Gunpowder ata Time, under

One «r«r after rvery single Pair of Mill Stones in any OneMill, till after the Expiration of One Year from the Time

the :om:n f. e- f ue Commencement of this Act.

meat ot tu*AcU y^ pf0-

