The TITLES of the STATUTES.

£9. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Common

and YValle Lands, in the Liberties or Hamlets of K'uby

a d Newton liar courts in the Parish of lVi]low9 anu

County of Leicester.

cj2. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields of Strctton under Fcfs, in the Parish of Monk's

Kr by, in the County of JVarwick.

91. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields,

Lands, and Grounds, in the Township and Parish of

Bish:p Norton, in the County of Lincoln,

9 '. An Act for dividing and inch ling all the Open Fields,

Lands and Grounds, at Long Rijion and Arnold, in the

County of Totk.

9-. An Act for divding and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Failures,

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the

Parish and Liberties of Pattijhall, within the Hamlets of

EaJlcote% Ashote, and Dailefcote, in the County of Nor th-

an ft cn.

9;. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

and Commonable Fields, Meadows, Pailures, Lands,

and YValle Grounds, of, within, and belonging to the

M nor, Parish, and Liberties ot Hartford, in the County

of Hu* tin?don.

95. An Act f >r dividing and inclosing the Open Fields in

the Township ot Butter wick, in the Parish of Foxholes,

in the Kali: Riding of the County of York-

96. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Failures,

Common Grounds, and YValle Grounds, in the P*uiih

ot Farts Ldn ton, in the County of Northampton.

97. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Failures,

Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the

Manor and Parish of lYedcn and lYcston, otherwise INedon

Pinkney, otherwise Loys I Ye don, in the County of Noith-

ampton•

93. An Ac5t for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Failures', Common Meadows,

Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the

Parish and Liberties of lYatford, and within the Hamlet

and Liberties of Murcott, in the Parishes of JYctford and

Long Buddy, in the County of AVtlamf tn.

9> An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moor, or Com-

mon, called Ehet A Lor, in the Par.fh of Saint Oswald,

in the County Palatine of Durham, and for extinguishing

all Right of Common in certain lmcrcommon Lands in

the said Parish.

100. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable-

Fields, Meadows, Pailures, Commons, and YVafte

Grounds, in the Parish of AHjltit.U) in the County of

Nottu gham.

101. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commonable

Lands and YValle Grounds within the Manor and Paiifh

ol Vldy, in the County of Somerset.

to?, A.n Att for naturalizing Jacob Matthias Jnjlusy and

Theophilus Christian Blanckenhagen.

ioj. An Act for naturalizing Francis Harr and.

iof. An Act for vesting in 1 rullees, and their Heirs, several

Alanors, MeiTuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the

County of Southampton, the Lilate of the Moil Noble

IYi Idiom Henry Cavendish, Duke of Portland, upon Trust

to lell the fame, and to apply the Money to aiile by ^aic

thereof in Manner therein mentioned.

ice. An Act for vesting the Manor, Capital Me flu age,

Hutton Farm, and Demesne Lands of Cadhay, situate 111

Ottery Saint Alary, in the County of Devon, Part of the

settled Kllute of Sir Booth lYilliams Baronet, in Trustees,

to be Ibid.; and for lay ing out the Money arising by such

Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments,

to be settled to the same Uses which aie now subsisting

with regard to the said settled Estate.

106. An Act for confirming and carrying into Execution an

Agreement, dated the twenty third Day of June, one

thousand seven hundred and seventy, beeween Humphrey

Minchin Esquire, and George Clive Esquire, and for veil-

ing certain Estates in the County of Tipperary, in the

Kingdom of Ireland, in certain Trustees and their Heirs,

for that Purpose.

107. An Act for vesting certain Messuages in Tloe Strand9

in the County of Middlesex, Part of the settled Ellate of

James Theobald Esquire, in Trustees, to be conveyed to

James Adam Esquire; and for laying out the Purchase

Money in Lands, to be settled to the Ules to which the

said settled Eltatc do now stand limited.

108. An Act for vesting the Copyhold Estate of Richard

Maddock Gentleman, deceased, situate at Norwood, in

the County of Middlesex, in Trustees, to be sold, to-

wards dikharging the Principal Money and Interest due

upon a Mortgage thereof, and of certain Freehold

Estates of the said Richard Maddock, in the County of

Hilts.

10 >. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Meadows, Commons, and Downs, in the Parishes of

P rep on and Stratton, in the County of Ghuce/ler.

110. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Feti

belonging to Bo/ton JYcJl, in the County of Lincoln.

til. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fen

belonging to Skirbeck Quarter, in the Parish of Skirbcck%

in the County of Lincoln.

112. An Abt for dividing and inclosing the Commons and

YVaite Grounds within the Township of Bramfton-en-lc-

A hr then, in the YVeft Riding of the County of York.

113. An Act for naturalizing CaJIcn Dirs and Jacob Glo-

Jlcin.

THE

