A.-©.1773'* Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 55. 791

Which Conviction the said Justice or Justices shall cause to be wrote fairly upon Parchment, and re-

turned to the next General Quarter Session of the Peace for the County where such Conviction was

made, to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace, and remain and be kept among the Records of the County,

Riding, Division, or Place.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for any Clerk of

the Peace for any County, Riding, or Place, and he is hereby required, upon Application made to him coniriAion to

by any Person or Persons for that Purpose, to cause a Copy or Copied of any Conviction or Convic- t* delivered <m

tions, filed by him under the Directions of this Act, to be forthwith delivered to such Person or Per- Payment of i*.

Tons, upon Payment of One Shillingfor every such Copy.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any such Justice or Justices of justicet may ad-

the Peace, as aforesaid, to administer an Oath to any Witness or Witnesses, or other Person or Persons, nunifteraii

for the better Discovery and Execution of the several Matters and Things herein-before directed to be °atk*

examined into, or performed by such Justice or Justices respfeftively.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be proceeded against for any NoPcrfento

•of the Offences aforesaid, by Information before a Justice of the Peace, unless such Information shall

be made upon Oath before some Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Offence “

shall be committed, within Three Calendar Months after such Offence shall have been committed. information is

nude.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall think himself or perf3n* »KrieV-

herself aggrieved, by ^any Thine done in pursuance of this Act, by any Justice or Justices of the h may appeal

Peace, as aforesaid, every such rerfon may appeal to the Tuftices of the Peace at any General to the Quarter-

Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County, Riding, City, Corporation, Precinct, session*;

or Liberty, wherein the Cause of such Complaint shall ariie, and within Four Calendar

Months after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant giving, or causing to be

given. Fourteen Days Notice at the least, in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal,

and of the Matter thereof, to the Justice; and every other Person or Persons, against whom such Com-

plaint shall be made, and within Four Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before

Tome Justice of the Peace for the said County, Riding, Division, City, Corporation, rrecinft, or Li-

berty, with One sufficient Surety, conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide the Order of, and pay

such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter-sessions; and every such Justice, and

other Person, having received Notice of such Appeal, shall return all Proceedings had before them,

touching the Matter of such Appeal, to the said Justices, at such Quarter-sessions, on Pain of for-

feiting hive Pounds for every such Neglect ; and the said Justices, upon due Proof of the Notice eiven, whose Deter-

and of the entering into such Recognizance, as aforesaid, shall hear, and finally determine, the causes minationfluil

and Matters of such Appeal, in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or ap- bc

pealed against, as they (nail think proper; to be levied and recovered as herein-before directed for the

Recovery of Forfeitures and Penalties under this Act, and the Determination of such Quarter-feflxons

shall be final and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes ; and no Proceedings to be had or taken in pur-

fuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form, or removed by Certiorari, or any other

Writ or Process whatsoever, except as herein-before mentioned, into any of his Majesty’s Courts of

Record at Westminster, any Law or Statute to the contrary not with (landing.

XI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to that Part of Great Not to extend

Britain called Scotland. to Scotland.

XI). And be it further enacted. That if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced or limitation of

prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing which shall be done in purfance of this Act, Action*,

or in Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given, every such Action, Suit, or In-

formation, shall be commenced or prosecuted within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the

Fact committed, and shall be laid or brought in the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where the

Matter shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in every such Action, Suit,

or Information, shall and may, at his or their Election, plead Specially, or the General Issue, and General Wue.

give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence ; And if a Verdict shall be given for the Defendant;

or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action, Suit, or

Information, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon Demurrer, Judge-

ment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs ; then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Cofl»,

Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in

other Cafes by Law.

XIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, passed in the Second partaf Act

Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game in that \ Geo. uii

Part of Great Britain called England, as relates to Heath Fowl, commonly called Black Game> or repealed.

Groule, commonly called Red Game, shall be, and is hereby repealed.

5 I 2

CAP.

