636 C.73-

Anno duodecimo <jeo*gii III/

A.D. 1^72.

of Exchange, and Inland Bills, by the Law of Scotland, and that Promissory Notes shall bear Interest

as Bills, and shall pass by lndorfatien 5 and that Indoifees of PromilVory Notes shall have the fame

Priv:l *es as Indorsee* of Bills in all Points.

4 XXXVII. And whereas the not limiting Bills and Promissory Notes to a moderate Endurance in

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland his.been found by Experience to be attended with great In-

4 conveniences; so^ Remedy whereof,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Bill of Ex-

to*b*efrrrtuIl*to c^n2e» or Inland Bill, or Promissory Note, executed after the Fifteenth Day of AIay% One thousand

Produce Dil - leven hundred an J seventy-t o, shal) be of Fofce, or effectual to produce any Diligence or Action in

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, unless such Diligence fh dl be r.iifed and executed, or AiTion

commenced thereon, within the Space of Six Years from and after the Terms at which the Sums in the

Lid Bills or Notes became exigcble.

tion of Six Years. . '

Bil sofExchaoge, XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Bill of Exchange, or inland Bill, or Promissory Note,

&c. granted be whichjia* b< en or (lull be granted before the said Fifeenth D»y of M+y, One thousand seven hjn’rcd

tore May 15, and ft-venty-t wo, shall be of Force, or effectual to produce any Diligence or Action, unless such Dili-

*c^o\h-CaboVc ^’ncc heen or shall be raised, or Action has or shall he commenced thereon before the Expiration

Limitation.* °VC of Six Years, from and after the said Fifteenth Day of May, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-

No BilWE*.

change, or Pro-

miflory-Nom,

emuted afar

genre, unlefj

such Diligence

shall be uf(d be-

fc rc the F.xpira

two.

Bank Bill? not

crmprehtn<’cd

XXXIX. Provided always. That no Notes, commonly called Bank Notes or Post Bills issued or to be

issued by any Bank or Banking Company, and which contain an Obligation of Payment to the Bearer,

l^dC*ut!oaabOVC anc^ are Cll'cu!ated as Money, shall be comprehended under the aforesaid Limitation or Prescriprion ;

.irmutioa. and that it shall and may be lawful and competent, at any Time after the Expiration of the said Six

Years, in either of the Cafes before mentioned, to prove the Debts contained in the said Bills, and

Year* of Mi no- Promissory Notes, and that the fame are reftingand owing by the Oaths or Writs of the Debtor.

r:ty*not to be XL. And it is hereby emdled and declared, That the Years of the Minority of the Creditors, in such

computed. No*cs or Bills, shall not be computed in the said Six Years.

Pn>m.(Tory Notes XU. And it is further enacted and declared, That all Inland Bills and Promissory N«tes shall be pro-

and inland B;Jis tested in like Manner as foreign Bills before the Expiration of the Three Days of Grace, otherwise

to b-prorefted as there shall be no Recourse against the Drawers or Indorsers of such Inland Bills, or against the Indor-

foreign Bill*. fers Gf fuC^ promi(Tory Notes; and it shall be sufficient to preserve the said Recourse, if Notice is given

of the Di(honour within Fourteen Days after the Protest is taken, without Prejudice to the Notification

of the Dishonour of Foreign Bills, to be made within such Time as is required by the Ufageand Custom

of Merchants.

Afar May 15, XL*I. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Fifteenth

1772, summary Day of May, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, summary Execution, by Horning, or other

Execution, by Djljgfn:e, shall pass upon Bills, whether Foreign or Inland, and whether accepted or protefttd for

Non-acceptance, and upon all Promissory Notes duly negociated, not only against the Accepters of

such Bills, or Grantors of such Notes, hut also against the Drawers of such Bills, and the whole Indor-

fers of the said Bills and No.es jointly and severally, excepting where the Indorsation is qualified to he

without Recourse, saving and reserving to the Drawers or Indorsers their respective Claims of Recourse

against each other, and all Defences against the fame, according to L w.

femm r XLIII. And be it also enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Fifteenth Day

ixecutionTyfy A/lay, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, summary Execution by Horning, or other Di-

li*rning,niLl be ligence, shall be competent to the Indorsee of a Bill, although the Protest is not in the Name of the In-

cempe'entto the dorfee craving the Diligence; and although the Bill is not re-conveyed to him by Indorfation, if he pro-

duces a Receipt for the Value by Act of Honour, or a miffxve.Letter from the protefting Indorsee, men-

tioning the Dishonour agreeable to the Praflice of Merchants in returned Bills.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That that present A'£l shall continue,

and be in Force for seven Years, from the said Fifteenth D^y of May, One thousand seven hundred and

seventy two, and to the End of the then next SefEon of Parliament, and no longer.

Horning, shall

paf? upon Bills,

Ac.

Afar Maf 15,

Indore.

The A *\ ro con

tim»* fer 7

Yew*.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for the better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls within the Cities of London

and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the ParUhes, Prccindls, and Places

in the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary lebone and Paddington, Saint

\ Fafter as, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex; and for the better pre-

venting of Mischiefs by Fire within the said Cities, Liberties, Parishes, Prccindls, and

Places, and for amending and reducing the Laws relating thereto into One Act j and for

other Purposes.

jKAinhk. « ttthK R E A S the several Acts of Parliament now in Force for regulating Buildings , and Party

4 W Walls, and for preventing Mischiefs happening by Fire, for providing Fire-engines, and ob-

4 taining a sufficient Supply of Water at Fiits. and for paying Rewards to Persons affiftingat Fires with-

in the Cities of Londo. and IVeftrrinfler, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Parishes, Precinifts,

and Places within the Weekly Bill* of Mortality, the several Parishes of Saint Alary le-lone and Pad-

1 4 dirgten,

