662

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

A.: D. 1775;

. C. 14-

CAP. XIV.

An Act to encourage the Subjects of Foreign States to lend Money upon the Security of

Freehold or Leasehold Estates, in any of His Majesty’s Colonies in the IVeJt Indies; and

to render the Securities granted to such Aliens effectual for recovering Payment of the

Money so to be lent, by Sale of such Freehold or Leasehold Estates.

PYc*mblei € \\ J HEREAS the Cultivation and Improvement of Estates in His Majestyrs Colonies in

the IVeJt Indies, and the erecting of Sugar Works and other necessary Buildings thereon,

4 are attended with great Expcirce; and the Proprietors of such Estates are often obliged to bor-

4 row large Sums of Money for these Purposes, upon the Credit of such Estates :. And whereas it has

been found difficult to procure sufficient Loans from the Subjects of this Kingdom, and it would

4 tend greatly to the Improvement of such Estates, and to the publick Benefit, if Money could be

4 borrowed at a reasonable Rate of Interest, from the Subjects of Foreign States, for the Purposes

4 aforesaid; but Doubts have arisen, whether, as the Law now (lands, any Security, in the Nature

of a Mortagage granted to a Foreigner, or Alien, tr to any Person in Trust for him, can be made

*' effectual against such Estates, for recovering the Money lent thereon: And whereas oo Foreigner

4 or Alien, as the Law now (lands, can bring or proftcute any Suit, for the Recovery of Money, in

4 any Court of Law or Equity within His Majesty’s Dominion?, at a Time when the State of which.

4 such Alien is a natural-born Subject, is at War with this Kingdom’: In order to remove such

Doubts, and to encourage Foreigners, pc Aliens, to lend Money upon the Security of such

Estates; be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

f _ Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aHemMed',

©t ihVa<^ Fo-ar,d by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing or this Act, it shall and may be

tsi^oers mly lawful to and for all and every Person and Perforu, being Foreigners, or Aliens, to lend Money at

le.u \.o.»cy at a Rate of Inxcrcft not exceeding Five Poonds per Centum per Annum, upon the Security of any Free-

inttuxft, or Leasehold Estate, in any of His Majesty’s Colonies in the West Indies, and to hold the fame

cent on icCr as an eff-ftual Securiry for the Money lent, and to prosecutc any Suit or Suits for recovering the

Purity o.Tree-la:ne, a* herein-after mentioned, whether the Foreign State, of which such Alien.is a iwturaUborn

hoi.i Eiijusi* Subject, be at War with this Kingdom or not*

rhf Tndies. II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of Non-payment of the Money lent

1 c-ir >t Non- ui>on any such Security at the Time therein (lipulated and agreed upon; it shall and may be lawful

? o brou k ln ’ ^or and every such Foreigners, or Aliens, to bring and prosecute, by themselves or their

Tt :01mum L iaw 1 ui Attornies respectively, any Suit or Suits at Common Law for the Recovery of their Demands,

Law, unco- on any Bond, or other collateral Security, given or entered into* or on any Covenant on the Part of

w«ryofD.mands; th ' Bonower, contained in any fuen Mortgage, Deed, or Deeds; and also his, her, or their Bill or

or in the Court* r>111s in the Court of Chancery of the Colony, where the Estate, on which, such Security shall have

cf Chancery for been granted, lies, praying a Jccrec of Sale of the said mortgaged Premises, for Payment of the Debt

the Coiony j (jue thereon; in which said Suit or Suits the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be intitled to like Remedy

and the PUinuff and Remedies, for Recovery of his Debt and Costs due, as any British Subject now may or can haye ;

bcintitird totheexcept the being inti.led to have or obtain, directly or indirectly, the actual Possession of any such

R^covcTCjyt°r rnortSaSed Premises, by any Proofs of Execution whatsoever at the Common Law; or to foreclose the

BrlLXsu’bj^i.. Fquity of Redemption of such mortgaged Premises by any Decree or Order of any Com* of Equity

whatsoever. '

Court of Chaa- III. And be itenacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Court of Chancery, where such Bill

eery to order or Bills shall be brought, may and shall direct and order the Sale of such mortgaged Premises, in the

the Sale of Manner as in Cafes where the Mortgager hath, consented to a Sale of the fame j. any Law, Usage, or

Practice to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Caf.i where the Mortgager hath contented U a Sale.

ibconvenicnciet And whereas upon Bills brought for the Redemption of such Mortgages, Inconveniendes may-

fifing trom the arl^e f^om the Want of M'eans to compel such Foreigners, or Aliens, or their Representacives, to ap-

wunt of Meant pear to such Bills, who may reside out of the Jurisdiction of the Court where such Bills maybe brought;

tu compel Fo- be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid,. That in all such Cafes, Service of any Writ or Process of

reigner11° ap- such Court, upon the known, Attorney or Agent of such Foreigners or Aliens residing within the

Bills,'howto Jurisdiction of the said Court respectively, shall be deemed good Service of such Writ or Process upon

to gjxvcnted. any such Foreigner or Alien: And in case the Defendant or Defendants shall be absent, and have no

such Attorney or Agent resident within the Jurisdiction of the Court, upon Affidavit thereof-made by

the Person or Persons seeking such Relief, or by his, her, or their Attorney, duly constitu.ed to the

Satisfaction of the Court out of which such Writ or Process shall ilTiie, (in which Affidavit shall be-

exprdied the Place of Residence of such Foreigner, according to the bed of the Deponent’^ Informa-

tion and Belief), it shall be lawful for such Court to iflLe a Chm million under Seal to Commissioners

. thereirvto be-named, authorising such Commissionecs to take Affidavit of the Service of’fitch Writ or

Process on the Defendant or Defendants perfortelly, or his, her, or their usual Place of Residence, and

to ceitify the fame; and such Affidavit, returned with such Commission into the said Court shall be-

come

