A.D. 1771.

Anno undecimo Georgii III,.

C. 33.

*97

4 XXVIII. And whereas it might tend to the public Convenience if all Buildings and Erections project- Building*,

ing into or upon the Footways, were taken down and removed, as also all Doors of Cellars leading from projeaing may

and out of any of the Squares, Stre ets, Lancs, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, and all Steps bercrnovc<i*

4 belonging thereto, and all other Projections whatlcever, and not herein before mentioned, were taken

* down, removed, and altered, as the said Commissioners shall think fit \ Be it further enacted by the Au-

thority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whomlocver in anywise interested in any of the fnid Pre-

mifcs, upon ten Days Notice to them given or left in Writing at the House or Houses, Place or Placcsof

Abode of such Person or Persons, or at the House, Shop, Shed, or other Place of tiic Tenant in Poll'elhon

of such Premises, shall neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree for the Sale of any such Premises, in any Person* refuting

Part or Parts thereof, or for their Intercll therein ; then, and in every such Cale, the fa id Comm dinners

shall cause the Value of the PremiLs to he inquired into and ascertained by and on the Oath of a Jury of c° e um‘u'

twelve indifferent Men of the County of MiddUjcx (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any one or

more of them, is and are hereby impowered to administer) what Damages will be fuftjined by, and what

Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owners, Occupiers, or Proprietors, or other Person or

Persons interested in the Premhes before mentioned, or any Part or Parts thereof, which the said Commis-

fnners shall think proper to be pulled down and removed for their respective Interest therein ; and in order witnesses to-be -

thereunto the said Commissioners are hereby impowered and required, from time to time, as there shall be fonimoned, &c.

Occasion, to summon and call before the said Jury, and to examine upon Oath, all Persons whatsoever who

shall be thought necessary or prop:r to be examined as Witnesses touching or concerning the Premises

(which Oath the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them, is and are hereby impowered to admi-

nifter); and it any of the Parties interested shall requeff the fame, or the said Commissioners, or any five or

more of them, shall think it necessary, shall also cause the said Jury to view the Place or Places in question,

and shall also use all other lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury's Information

in the Premiles, in such Manner as they the said Commissioners shall think fit ; and after the said Jury shall jury so f^rte-

have so inquired of, ascertained, and iettled such Damages and Recompence, they the said Commissioners the Damage,.

shall thereupon order and adjudge the Sum or Sums ot Money so addled by the said Jury for such Penalties

as aforesaid, to be paid to the Persons interested in the said Premises, or any Part or Parts thereof, accord-

ing to the Verdict and Inauilition ; and the Order and Adjudication so had and made shall be final and con- whrfe reterim-'-

elusive to all Intents and rurposes against all Parties and Persons whatsoever claiming in Pofiedion, Rever- nurion Ault 6c-

fion. Remainder, or otherwise, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Successors respectively, as final-

well ablent as present. Infants, Fcmes-covert, Lunatics, Idcots, and Persons under any Disability whatfo-

ever, as well as all other Persons whomsoever j and all and every Person and Persons in anywise interested

in the Premises, or in any Part or Parts thereof, shall, from and after Payment or Tender of the Money so

assessed and adjudged as aforesaid, in Manner hereafter directed, be hereby, to all Intents and Purposes, di-

vcfteJ of ail Right, T itle, Claim, Interest. or Property of, in, or to the uire.

XXIX. And be it hereby further enacted. That if any Person shall be intitled, either in Reversion or Money awarded

Remainder, to any such Premn s, the Money so awarded by a Jury as a Satisfaction shall be settled to the for premif s

Lmc l ies as the Premises were, unk.s such Person so interested shall content to give up such reverlionary ferried to like

Inure ft

XXX. And be it further enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid, That for the summoning and returning of How a Jury may-

such Jury or Juries, the Lid Commissioners, or any five or more of them, arc hereby impowered, from be fumawned*

time to time, to ifiuc their Warrantor Warrants to the Sheriff of the iaid County, thereby requiring him'

to impmnel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of tweny-four Persons to appear before the said

Cormmmomrs at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or W arrants shall be appointed, of which Time

and Puce all Parties interested shall have ten Days Notice given or left in Manner herein last before men-

tioned ; and the said Sheriff, or hisDeputvor Deputies, is and arc hereby required to impannel, summon*

and return such twenty-four Persons accordingly ; and out or the Persons so impanntlled, summon d, and

rcturmd, or out of such of them as shall appear accordingly to or upon such Summons, the said Com nif-

(loners shall caule to be sworn twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid ; and for Default of

a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall return so many of the

Stand :rs-by a-, shall be nectfiary to make up the Number of Twelve to serve on such Jury.

XXXI. Provided always, That in case the u:d Sum or Sums so aiiefied by the iaid Jury, and ordered VtrA\& not

and aujuJged by the said Commissioners to be paid as a Satisfaction to the Owners, Occupiers, or others, 5

f^r rh ir respective Interests jn t!ie said Premises, shall not be paid, tendered, or left as herein mentioned,

according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, within one Calendar Month after the fame (liali nave

been so unified, ordered, and adjudged, then, and in such Calc, the Verdict of the said Jury, and Order

and Adjudication of the la.u Commissioners, fn?.ll 11 ->t be binding upon the said Parties; any T'hing herein

conti ine 1 to the comnry notwithlDnding.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons concerned juror* may be

P a l, from time to time, have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to d.-l'eng. j.

be iwoin ; and the Lid Comm iff. oners acting in the Pu miles shall have Power, from time to time, to im- ivmity *»n

r -V aoy reaJvmble Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs, or Agents, making Shcn.i,

IJ-' tult in the Ptemi't-i, ami cn any of the Perions who shall be lummoned and returned on such Jury, and

Pi .11 not at-near, or lie. ! le'.use to be sworn on such Jury, or to give their Verdict, or in any Manner wil-

1 tVy n yEciing their Duty therein, contrary so the tine Intent and Meaning of this Act ; and on any of

tin* Perl- ns wn>, being required to give Evidence touching the Premills, (lnll rttufc to be ex; mined or

£i\c Evidence; and hum tune to time, to levy such Fine or Fines in such Manner as any Penalties in thi* Fin.nof to

6 Act eccj iul.

