Anno undecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1771.

C. 43. .245

LXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That all and every the Directors and Guardians ap- Direflorsand

pointed, or to be appointed, by virtue of this A*£L shall, at the tuft Meeting at which he or she shall atft, <'ua.di-.nt to

d 'liver in, or caule to be deliver'd in, in Writing under his or her Hand, an Account of his or her Quali- 8lvc "? 'ccou”t#

iica ion, and in what Parish or Parishes, Place or Places, the fame is or are fnuate. cltionl "

LAY 11. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it any Person or Persons shall con- NortTongU-

vey any spirituous or Strong Liquors, into any House or Houses to be erected determined by virtue of this Act, such quorstobc

Person or Persons shall be, and he, (he, and they, are hereby declared to be subjefled to such and the like brought into the

Pains and Penalties as are by an Act of the twenty fourth Year of the Reign of his late M jjesty King George a,ulcs«

the Second, directed to be inflicted on Persons conveying Spirituous Liquors into Pri'ons or Gaols.

LXVlli. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times be

hereafter, five or more of the said Guardians, who shall be seised, in their own Right, of Lands, Tene- ca^"Vthe

ments, and Hereditaments, lying in the said Island, of the yearly Value of five hundred Pounds each, {hall Rtq ,cit utfive

dehre the Directors and acting Guardians, affmbled at the General quarterly Meeting next preceding the or moic Guir.

annual Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, that at such annual Meeting a General iVleeting may dun*, puddled

be held of all the Guardians by this Atft incorporated ; that then, and in that Calc, the said Directors and

acting Guardians ailembied at such quarterly Meeting shall, and they are hereby authoiilcd and required to Annumw

direct Notice of the holding of such General Meeting to be inserted in the Salisbury 'Journal, or fomc other

public Paper, circulated in the Isle of Wight, for four Weeks next preceding the said General annual Meet-

ing j and that if the Persons dciiring such General Meeting shall make it appear to the Guardians there

aiiembled, that there has been any Mismanagement or Abuse of the Trust reposed in the said Directors and

acting Guardians, that then the Guardians then and there assembled in pursuance of such Notice, shall and

may elect Directors and acting Guardians in the Room of those so abusing their Trust, in such and the

lame Manner, and subject to the same Rules, Orders, and Directions, as are herein before prescribed, both

with regard to the original Election of the said Directors and acting Guardians, and to the Powers and Au-

thoiitics in them vetted by this Act, when so elected ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-

fLnding.

LXiX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any Thing therein con- Saving Righti of

taineJ, shall not prejudice or affect the Rights of the Lord and Lords of any Manor or Manors within the Lords of Manors*

said ljU of Wight, and of the Freeholders, and other Inhabitants within the said Island, in and to all Rights

or Common, or other Rights or Privileges whatsoever, in, upon, or within the said Forest of Parkhurfli

but that such Lord or Lords for the time being, and all Persons claiming or to claim under, or in Trust for

him or them, as Lord or Lords aforesaid; and also all Freeholders and Inhabitants within the said Island,.

shall, at all Times hereafter, hold and enjoy all Rights of Common, and other Rights and Privileges, other

than and except such Right of Common, and other Rights and Privileges, as can or may be claimed by

them, any or either of them, upon the Land to be inclosed by virtue of this Act, in as full, ample, and

beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the fame could have been held or enjoyed, in case this

Act bad not been made.

LXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com- Limitation of

me need against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this A £t, the fame shall be Aaiona.

commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fail committed, and not afterwards, and shall be

laid and brought in the County of Southampton, and not elsewhere 5 and the Defendant or Defendants, in

such Action or Suit, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this AS, and the Special Matter in M*-

Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Autho-

rity of this Act; and if it shall appear so to be done, or that such Aition or Suit shall be commenced

after the Time before limited for bringing the fame, or shall be brought in any. other County or Place

than as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants ; and upon a Verdict

for the Defendant, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Ac-

tion or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement

shall be given against the said Plaintiff or Plaintiff’s, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover

Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have TrebkCoflt*

in any other Cafes by Law : And in all Aitions or Suits so commenced or prosecuted, the Inhabitants of

the said Island shall be deemed and admitted to be good Evidences; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the

contrary notwithstanding.

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken Public A&*-

tobe a Public AS; and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Perfoas

whatsoever, without (pccially pleading the same.

CAP.

^ooooie

