550 C. 6f. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

ginning to load or unload any Quantity of Gunpowder, flop or flay at any Wharf* Key, or other Place

of loading, or in the Loading or Unloading thereof suffer any longer Time to pass than with the Ufee

all due Diligence shall be reasonabJy necessary for the Purpose of loading or unloading, not exceeding

Eighteen Hours, unless hindered by the Weather; and every such Barge, Boat, or Vessel, (except

such Vessels as aforesaid}, having so completed her Loading, shall depart from the Place of loading on

herCourfe the first ensuing Tide, unless hindered by Stress of Weather, or other just Impediment;

and no Person shall load, take in, carry, or convey, in any Waggon, Cart, or other Land Carriage

laden with Gunpowder, or in any Barge, Boat, or Vessel laden with Gunpowder, on any River, (ex-

cept in the Cafe of Vessels laden with Gunpowder for Importation from, or Exportation to Places

beyond Sea, or going Coastwise), any other Lading of any Kind whatsoever; and all and every Person

and Persons offending against any of the aforesaid Provisions for Loading and Unloading, shall, for

each Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

Ko Pro^fioa ’XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That none of the

mentioned to ex- aforesaid Provisions for, or relative to, the Conveyance of Gunpowder, or the Loading or Unloading

CmiaTesth«i t^creo^ shall extend to any other Waggon, Cart, 'or Land-carriage, or any other Harge, Boat, or Ve£

those laden with fcl, than such as shall be loaded with, or employed in, conveying a Quantity of Gunpowder exceed-

^Gunpowder. ing One hundred Pounds Weight.

Justice* to issue ‘ XXIII. And, for the more easy Discovery of the making, keeping, and Carriage of Gunpowder

a Warrant to contrary to the Provisions herein before made,' be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for

tosearchfor any Justice of the Peace of any County, or other Division within Great Britain, in which Gunpowder

<ontrar "toth* suspected to be made, kept, or carried, contrary to this Act, on Demand made, and a reasonable

rary. 0 u assigned upon Oath by any Person or Persons, to issue a Warrant or Warrants, under his Hsnd

9 and Seal, for Searching, in the Day-time, any House, Mill, Magazine, Storehouse, Warehouse, Shop,

Cellar, Yard, Wharf, or other Place, or any Carriage, Ship, Boat, or Vessel, in which Gunpowder is fuf-

* pefted to be made, kept, or carried, contrary to this Act ; and that all Gunpowder found upon such

Setrdsen to seif< Search to be made, kept, or carried, contrary to this Act, and also the Gunpowder Barrels, shall be

•U which they immediately seized by the Searcher or Searchers, who shall, with all convenient Speed after the Seizure,

find, and remove rcmovc such Gunpowder, and the Barrels in which it shall be, to such proper Places as they, in Con-

formity to the Reflriftionsof this Act, shall think fit : And in the Cafe of any such Gunpowder seized

in any Carriage or Vessel, may use for the Purpose of Removal, during the Space of Twenty-four

Hours after Seizure, such Carriage or Vessel, with the t ackling, Beasts, and Accoutrements belong-

ing thereto, (paying afterwards to the Owner or Owners thereof a fufheient Rvcompence for the Use

thereof, to be settled by the Justices before whom the Complaint shall be heard, after the Seizure; and

in case of Nonpayment, immediately after Settlement by such Justices, to be recoverable by Distress

and Sale of the Parties Goods and (Jhattels, as is herein-after directed concerning the pecuniary Penal-

ties of this Act); and may detain such Gunpowder, and the Barrels in which it shall be, till it shall be

adjudged, on a Hearing before any Two or more such Justices, whether the fame shall be forfeited j and

'Seiser* not liable such Searcher or Searchers, Scizer or Seizers, shall not be liable to any Suit for such Detainer, or for

^Damageocca-any L0fs of or J)ama^c which may happen to the said Gunpowder or Barrels, other than by wilful Acts

l*Ir°ne y or Neglects of them, or the Persons with whom they shall intrust the Keeping thereof.

J* . . c 4 XXIV. And, for Security of the great Number of Ships and Vessels lying in the River Thamn%

Security*of the * an<* of Yards, Wharfs, and Buildings, on the Sides of the Thames above Blackmail' be it

•Veird* in the further enacted. That no Mailer or Commander of any Ship or other Vessel lying in the Thames, and

Ifcjver Thame*, outward bound, shall receive, or permit to be received, on Board any such Ship or Vessel more than

* Twenty-five Pounds of Gunpowder, (except for the King’s Service) before the Arrival of such Ship or

Vessel at, over-against, or below Blackball\ and that the Matter or Commander of every Ship or Vessel

coming into the River Thames, shall (except in the Cafe of Gunpowder for the King’s Service) put on

Shore in proper Places, in Conformity to the Restrictions of this Act, all the Gunpowder on Board

such Ship or Vessel above the Quantity of Twenty-five Pounds, either before the Arrival of such Ship

•or Vessel at Blackmail, or within Twenty-four Hours, (if the Weather shall permit), after coming to

.an Anchor there, or to the Place of unloading there, and shall not afterwards have on Board more than

Twenty-five Pounds of Gunpowder, (except for the King's Service), on Pain of forfeiting, for every

Offence, in any of the said Cafes, all the Gunpowder found on Board above the Weight of TWrnty-

five Pounds, and the Barrels in which such Gunpowder shall be, and also Two Shillings for every Pound

of Gunpowder above the Quantity of Twenty-five Pounds.

Master, Wardai, * XXV. And, for the better Discovery of Matters or Commanders of inward or outward-bound

ike. ot th* Tri- * Ships, who shall have Gunpowder in their Ships or Vessels in the Thames contrary to this Act,’ be

;Oity Hcuie toit farther enacted. That the Matter,' Warden, and Assistants of the Corporation of the Trinity House of

Vincis. £)f,£tj'orc[ Sir0nd, in the County of Kent, for'the Time being, shall, from Time to Time, appoint One

or more Person or Persons, a Searcher or Searchers for unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder in Ships or

other Vessels in the Thames, which Person or Persons, so appointed, are hereby authorised, at any Time

♦between Sunrifing and Sunietting, to enter any Ship or Vessel (except His Majesty’s Ships) in the

River Thames above Blackmail, and to search the fame for unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder, and also

shall have the fame Powers of seizing, removing to proper Places, and detaining all such unlawful

Quantities of Gunpowder found on Board any such Ship or Vessel, and the Barrels in which such

Gunpowder shall be, as are herein-before given to Persons searching for unlawful Quantities of Gun-

powder under a Warrant of a Justice of the Peace,

I XXVI.

