A.D. 177$: Anno decimo tcrtia Georgii III. C. 44. 723

land, whoe ihe Prices; are albertained i» Manner before directed ; and every Act and Determination

2»U remain m Force for thatFurpofc, until a. fmbfoqeenc Act or Determination shall be transmitted

•o Cu p ply its Place ; and the Sheriffs or Stewards, who (halt fix and ascertain the Prices of middling

ir/^ Cora and Oatmeal in Manner before? directed, are hereby ordered and required to cause pre-

serve, as Matter of Record of their respecthoe Counts, the Evidence upon which their Acts or De-

terminations of the Prices arc founded ; and the Clerks of their respective Courts are hereby ordered

and required to give Extracts of the Evidence to ail Per Tons calling for the fame, upon receiving Pay*

■rent of the-usual Feet exigible for Extracts of judicial Proceedings.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority afore folds That from and after the Commencement When the Price

of this Act, all Oatmeal imported from Ireland, or from any other Part beyond the Seas, into any d£* not exceed

Port or Place in Scotland, where the Price of Oatmeal, ascertained in the Manner before directed, doe$ *6*• ®o11*

not exceed Sixteen Shillings per Boll, weighing Eight Stone Troys, as also the Ship or Vert'd in ir^d^c!”1

which such Oatmeal shall be imported, together with her Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, shall be with the Vessel,

forfeited, amd ill all and may be fofoed by any Officer or Officers of the Ctoftom* j and all and every to be forfeited.

Person and Persons who shall be aiding and ai&fting in the un shipping of such Oatmeal, or to whose

Hands the some shall knowingly come, after the* tun Slipping thereof, shall forfeit Treble the Value of

of fucA Oatmeal; and which said Forfeitures and Penalties shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, and

recovered, and divided in such Manner and Form, and by such Rule* and Regulations, as Penalties

and Forfeitures infilled' for unshipping prohibited and unaccudomed Goods in this Kingdom may

be prosecuted, sued for, recovered, and divided, by any Law now in Force.

XVI. Pvovided always, Thao from a ad after the Commencement of this Act, it shall be lawful to WhenOatmeal

import Oatmeal fro an Ireland, or from any other Part beyond the Seas^ into any Port or Place in do« exceed 16 s.

Scotland, where the Price oi Oaconeal ascertained in Manner directed by this Act does exceed the Price ,tm*J bc im~

of Sixteen Shillings per Boll, weighing Eight Stone Ttoys. ported.

CAP. XUV. / r'>

An Act to allow a Drawback of the Duties of Customs on the Exportation of Tea tp

any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America \ to increase the Deposit

on Bohea Tea to be sold at the India Company's Sales *, and to impower the Commiflr-

oners of the Treasury to grant Licences to the Eajt India Company to export Tea

Duty-free.

4 X X 7 HEREAS by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, (intituled P/eamblev

4 W Ai Act for granting a Drawback of Part of the Cujhms upm the Exportation of Tea to Ireland,

4 and the British Dominions in America ; for altering the Drawback upon foreign Sugars, exported from

4 Great Britain to Ireland ; for continuing the B unty on the Exportation of British made Cordage ; for

4 allowing the Importation of Kicefrom the British Plantations into the Ports of Bristol, Liverpool, Lan~

4 carter, and Wnitehaven, for immediate Exportation to foreign Parts \ and to impowtr the Chief Mar

4 gistrate of any Corporation to administer the Oath, and grant the Ceritifcate required by Law, upon the

4 Kemoval of certain Goods to London, which have been sent into the Country. for Sale) ; it is, ajnjongst

4 other Things, enacted. That for and during the Spice of Five Years, to be computed from and

4 after the Fifth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, there shall be drawn

4 back and allowed for all Teas which shall be fold after the said Fifth Day of July, One

4 thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, at the publick Sale of the United Company of Mer-

4 chants of England trading to the East Indies, or which, after that Time shall be imported, by Li*

4 cence, in pursuance of the said therein and herein-afeer mentijned Act, made in the Eighteenth

4 Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and which shall be exported from

4 this Kingdom, as Merchandise, to Ireland, or any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America,

4 Three-fifth Parts of the several Duties of Customs which were paid upon the Importaupn of such

4 Teas j which Drawback or Allowance, with respect to such Teas as shall be exported to Ireland,

4 shall be made to the Exporter, in such Manner, and unJer such Rules, Regulations, Securities,

4 Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Drawback or Allowance was then payable, out of the Duty of

4 Customs upon the Exportion of foreign Goods to Ireland; and with respect to such Teas as shall be

4 exported to the British Colonies and Plantar ions in America, the said Drawback or Allowance shall be

4 made in such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Draw-

4 back or Allowance payable out of the Duty of Customs upon foreign Goods expoited to foreign

4 Parts, was, could, or might be made, before the piling of the said Act of the Twelfth Year of His Alter May *0,

4 present Majesty’s Reign, (except in fuen Cafes as are otherwise therein provided for): And whereas

s 4 it may tend to the Benefit and Advantage of the Trade of the said United Company of Merchants of i^SaJes* or

4 England, trading to the East Indies, if the Allowance of the Drawback of the Duties of Customs imported by Li-

4 upon all Teas sold at the publick Sales of the said United Company, after the Tench Day of May, cence, and after*

4 One thousand seven hundred and fevemy-three, and which shall be etported from this Kingdom, walJ*cxhport,e?

4 as Merchandise, to any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, were to extend to the * Americ” the

4 Whole of the said Duties of Customs payable upon the Importation of such Teas •,* may it there* wh&lc Dutiesof

fore pleafie Your Majesty that It may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the Riot’s most Excellent Customs to be

Majesty, drawn back*

