A.D. 1773. Anflo dedms tertio QjE.orgii III. C. 30. 695

di reded, shall go and .be^pajd, .Qpe Mpicty thereof to the Use of the Informer, and the other Moiety

thereof to the said CppuftWion.ers, or any Seven or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor or De-

puty Mayor for the Time being Hull be One), to be by them applied and distributed for the Relief of

inch Poor Pilots #r Bndgemen heretofore licenced by the said Mayor and Burgesses, or to be here-

after liceaised in purfuapce of this £d, in such Manner as the fame Commissioners shall from Time to

Time, think meet ?nd jpeceflary.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall think himself or them- Persons apgrki-

Telves aggrieved by £ny Penalty or Penalties, Convi.dtion or Gqnvidions, in pursuance of this A#, it'? may wh to

shall and may be lawful to and for him and them to appeal to the Justice of the Peace at the next ne DC* c ston*

General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be hpldcn for the said Borough, or any Adjournment thereof,

who are hereby authorised and required to take Cognizance thereof and to hear and determine the

Complaint or Complaints of the Person or Persons so thinking him, her, or themselves aggrieved j and

the said Justices may, by,Order of such Sifficr.s, mitigate or annul at their Discretion all or any of the

Penalties lakfqn and incurred.by the Party or Parties complaining, or alter or vacate the said Con-

viction or Convidions, and set the Party or Parties at Liberty, or otherwise may ratify and confirm

the fame, and give such Costs to the Appellants or Respondents as they shall think fit; but the Person

,or Persons so appealing as aforesaid shall enter into a Recognizance before such Justice, with Two

sufficient Sureties, to prosecute such Appeal at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the

said Borough, or any Adjournment thereof j and every such Appeal {hail, at such General Quarter

,Sessions, be heard and finally determined*

XXII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Order Proceedings not

or other Proceedings to be bad or made by or before any Mayor* Deputy Mayor, Justice or Justices quafoedfo*

of the Peace of the said^ Borough, in relation to the Premises, (halt be quashed or vacated for Want waat 01 form#

of Fotip only; and that it shall and may be sufficient for such Mayor, Deputy Mayor. Justice or Juf-

tices, to draw up tbeConviction of any Offender gg^inst this present Act, in the following Form, or

Words to that Effea:

-Borough of IKS it remembered. That on the Day of Form of Con*

'XiflgrsLynn.-J ^ in the Tear of our Lord # is (or are)'convicted^10*'

before of HUMafflfs Jufices of the Peace for the said Bo-

rough, for ffpecifying the Offence, Time apef Place, when and wheyc the fame Was

committed,the Cafe shall be). Given under Hand and Seal .(or Hands and

Seals) the Day and Tear aforesaid*

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 'fhzt it shall and may be lawful to Conwuffioners

and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, ( whereof the said Mayor or Deputy [? ^rb^not

"Mayor for the Time being shall be One), to fix and lay down, or e^use to be fixed and laid down, in ih«n°i3

-the Harbour of the said Borough and Port, not left than Eighteen sufficient Moorings, with proper Moorwgi.

Chains, Rings, and Floats to each Mooring, usually called Harbour Moorings, for the safe Riding of

'the Ships and Vessels in the said Harbour; the Property and Right whereof, and of all Materials of

which the fame shall consist, are hereby vested in the l^id Commissioners for ever ; and they, or any

Seven or paore of them, ( whereof the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor for the Time being shall be One),

are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, to bring, or caule to be brought, any Action or Actions,

in the Name of their Treafyrer or Clerk, against any Person or Persons who shall wilfully injure or'

damage the fame.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Twenty-After June 24,

fourth Day of June* One thousand,(even hundred and seventy-three, it shall and may be lawful to and J77$> theCom-

for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor or Deputy

Maypr foa the Time being shall be One), or for such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that lowing Duti©*.*

Purpose, to demand, collect, receive, and take as a Tonnage or Duty, (over and above the several

Rates and Dues paid and payable before the passing of this Act), of and from all and every the Masters

nr Commanders of every Ship or Veil'd belonging to Majesty’s Subjects arriving at, or coming

•to the said Port of .King’s Lynn, and laden with Coals, any Sum of Money not exceeding One Penny

per Chaldron, Lynn measure, for each,3pd every Chaldron of Coals on board such Ship or Vessel ;

and dfo of and from all and ev^ry the Masters or Commanders of every Ship or Vessel belonging tb

His said Majesty’s Subjects, as well thgjfe bound inward as outward, and laden with any other Kind

of Goods, Wares, and Merchandises, any Sum of Money not exceeding One Penny per Ton, for

e^ch, and every Ton of’ Goods, Wares, jipd Merchandises, on board such Ship or Vdiel; and also

of and >from all and every the Mafteis,or Commanders of ^very foreign Ship or Vessel, any Sum of

Money not exceeding Double the Duty or Tonnage in the respective Cafes before mentioned, payable

by Masters or Vessels belonging to His Majesty’s Subjects.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and power teborrow

for the said Commissioners, or any Seven er more of them, (whereof the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor Money on the

for the Time being shall be One), from Time to Time, upon the Credit of the said Tonnage or Du-Crcdkof(uch

ties payable by this Act, to borrow and take up at interest, not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds Dutls*

per Centum per Annum, any Sum or Bums of Money which they shall think needful, not exceeding the

Bum of Five thousand Pounds; and they utt hereby authorised and impowered, by any Writing or

Writing* without Sump, under their Hands and Seals, to.assign oyer the said Tonnage or Duties, or

4 U a any

.

