496 C. 38.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1772.

New-built

Stieets, &c. to

be paved when

proper.

Owners of va-

cant Grounds,

£ c. bow to be

charged.

Clerks to make

or Owners* Proprietor or Proprietors* or Lessee or Lessees, or upon the Goods and Chattels of such Af-

signee or Assignees, who is and are hereby made liable to pay the fame, or upon the said Premises, in

like Manner as other Rates made by virtue of this Act are made recoverable.

4 LX VI. And whereas there arc, and hereafter may be* within the Limits for paving by virtue of

4 this Act, new Streets and Places which are not paved. Part of which are built or in building, and

4 small Pieces or Parcels of Ground unbuilt upon and not paved;’ be it therefore en aft ed, 'I hat it

shall be lawful for the said Commissioners* or any Seven or more of them, to view and inspect any

Street, Row, Lane, Court, Yard, Alley, Passage, or Place, within the Limits aforesaid, which now is

or hereafter may be built upon, or in building ; and if, upon such View, they shall be of Opinion,

that the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, is or are fit and proper to be paved, the said Commifii-

oners shall and may order their Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or persons by them appointed

for that Purpose, to give Notice to the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees,

of any Land, Ground, House, Shop, Warehouse* Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Tenement, or

Hereditament, in any such Street* Row, Lane, Court, Yard* Alley, Passage, or Place, or leave the

fame at his, her, or their last or ufuai Place of Abode, or with his, her, or their known Servant or

Servants ; or if no such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, can be found,

then such Notice shall be {luck againfc the said Premises, or any Part thereof, which Notice shall re-

quire such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, to meet such Commifli-

oners, or any Seven or more of them, at the Time and Place therein mentioned, not being less than

Ten Days from the Date of such Notice, to compound for the paving thereof, at any Sum not ex-

ceeding Three Shillings for every Square Yard of such Pavement, whether Carriage-way, or Foot-way,

which Composition the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby authorised to

make ; and if such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lcfifcc or Lessees, shall not attend,

or shall not compound or agree with the said Commissioners as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for

the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to order the fame to be paved as soon as con-

veniently may be, and all the Charges and Expences attending such paving shall be paid by the rc-

spective Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees,. and shall be recovered and

levied upon their Goods and Chattels in Manner herein-after directed.

LXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That-nothing in this Act contained

shall extend, or be construed to extend, to impower the said Commissioners to charge, or make charge-

able, any One Proprietor, Owner, or Lessee, of such vacant Ground with more than Two hundred

Square Yards of Paving, on Account of any such vacant Ground in One Square, Street, Row, or

Place, until the fame shall be built upon, or shall be in building.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted. That the Clerk or Clerks for the Time being to the said Com-

fiptntsof atc* rnifdoners shall, and he or they is and are hereby required, to make proper Emeries in a Book or

Books to be kept for that Purpose, all and Angular the Rates and Assessments which shall be made by

virtue of this Act ; to which Book or Books every Person liable to pay the said Rates or Assessmcnrs

shall and may have free Access, at all convenient Times, and shall be permitted to inspect the fame

without Fee or Reward.

Kates t<* be LXIX. And be it further enacted. That all Rates made by virtue of this Act, shall be allowed and

burners'^wtaare by Two Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Mlddlfex, or Liberty of the

to grantWvvar-C Lower cf London, who are also hereby impowered and required to grant a Warrant or Warrants for

rantt to collect collecting thereof, as also for levying of the lame, by such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners

shall nominate or appoint, and which Warrants shall be suficient Authorities to the respective Persons

thereby authorised for the Purposes therein mentioned ; and the said Rates* after the fame shall be so

allowed and signed by the said Justices, shall be collected Half-yearly, or oftener, if the Lid Commis-

sioners shall thii.k it neccessary : And if any Person or Persons shall refuse, neglect, or omit to pay the

Sum or Sums of Money which he, (lie, or they, shall be rated or assessed at by virtue of this Act* for

the Space of Ten Days after personal Demand made thereof* or Demand in Writing left at the Place

of Abode or Occupation of such Person or Persons ; then, and in every such Cafe, it shall be lawful for

the fai i Person or Persons who shall be authorised by such Warrant as aforesaid, and he and they is and

are hereby authorised and required to levy the same by Distress and Sale of rhe Goods and Chattels

of such Person or Persons so neglecting, refusing, or omitting to pay the fame ; and in case no such

Goods or Chattels can be found 10 be so distrained, or in case such Goods or Chattels shall be locked

up, or secured or removed from the Person or Persons authorised to distrain as aforesaid, so that he or

they carnot distrain the lame ; then, and in either of the said Cafes, upon Information thereof given

to the said justices, or any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County or Liberty of His Majesty’s

Tower of London, it shall be lawful for such Justices, and they are hereby required to commit the Of-

fender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County or Place where such

Otfence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding

the Space of Six Months, or until the Payment of such Rate or Alieflinent, and reasonable Charges

occasiontd by the Nonpayment thereof.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That when any Person or Persons, who have or hath been rated

and a lie ifed by virtue of this Act, shall quit his, her, or their Dwellinghouse, Warehouse, Shop,

Vault, Cellar, or Tenement, whereupon 1’ucn Rate or Afic.iinent has been made, before he, (he, or

they shall h »ve paid the lame, and shall afterwards refuse to p.;y the fame when due and demanded as

aforesaid, by the Person or Persons uutbo ifed and appointed to collect and receive the same ; that

,then, and in every such Cafe, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the

Lid Comniiflioner;, by Wan ant under the Hand and Seal of any one or more Justices of the Peace

acting

and levy -the

fame.

Occupiers quit-

ting without

paying

m .y be lollow-

ed.

