A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

C. 63. 8J5

who transferred the fame, as free and absolute, and be holden and enjoyed, by all and every such

Person or Persons to whom such Transfer shall be made, as aforesaid, freely and absolutely acquitted,

exonerated, and discharged, of and from all Alanner of Trusts, Conditions, Powers of Revocation,

Provisoes of Redemption, or other Defeazances between or with the said Parties, or any other Per-

son or Persons in Trust for them; and that all Ronds, Covenants, Notes, Collateral or other Secu-

rities, Contracts, or Agreements, between or with the said Parties, or any other Person or Persons in

Trust for them, or any of them, for the retransferring, redeeming, revoking, or defeating such

Transfer, or for the restoring or retransferring thereof, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons

who made such Transfer, or to any other Person or Persons in Trust for them, or any of them, Hi all

be null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: And that every Person to whom such

Transfer shall have been made, and who shall have voted by virtue thereof, at any Election of

Members of the Court of Directors, in any General Court of the said United Company, and who shall

afterwards retransferor return the fame, in Consequence of any Trust, Condition, Powers of Re-

vocation, Proviso of Redemption, or other Defeazance whatsoever, as aforesaid, shall, for every such

Offence, forfeit the Sum of One thousand Pounds; One Moiety whereof shall go and be disposed of to

any Person who shall fuc for the fame, and the other Moiety to His Majesty, His Heirs and Suc-

ccflbrs; to be recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or In

formation, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminfery wherein no Essoin, Privilege,

Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be admitted or allowed; and t.aat

from and after the First Day of Otto her. One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, no Member

or Proprietor of the said United Company shall be deemed qualified, or capable to vote, or be ad-

mitted to give any Vote or Votes, at any Election of Directors, or at any General Court of the said

United Company, in respect or any Stock amounting to less than One thousand Pounds, nor in respect

of any Stock transferred to him, her, or them, after the said First Day of October y One thoufan seven

hundred and seventy-three, until he, she, or they, shall have been possessed of such Stock Tw lve Ca-

lendar Months, in his, her, or their own Right, and not in Trust for any other Person or Persons

whatsoever, freed and discharged of all Incumbrances which can or may affect the fame, unless such

Stock shall have been acquired, or shall have come to such Proprietor by Bequest, or by Marriage, or

by Succefiion to any Intcftate’s Estates, or by the Custom of the City of London, or by any Deed of

Settlement after the Death of any Person who shall have been intitled for Life to the Dividends of such

Stock; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the Contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Member or

Proprietor of the said United Company, who shall be possessed, for the Time or Term aforesaid, in

his or her own Right, of Three thousand Pounds, Capital Stock of the said Company, shall be in-

titled to give Two Votes at any Election of Directors, or at any Ballot of the said Company; and

every Member or Proprietor who shall be possessed, for the Time or Term aforesaid, of Six thousand

Pounds, in his or her own Right, shall be intitled to give Three Votes; and every Member or Pro-

prietor who shall be possefi'ed for the Time or Term aforesaid, of Ten thousand Pounds, or more, shall

he intitled to give Four Votes at such Election or Ballot; and the Oath and Affirmation herein-after

respectively prescribed, shall, as Occasion shall require, be altered in such Manner as shall be necessary

to comprise such Right of voting.

smcJ all Bonds

Covenants, 4c.

with Persons i;i

in Trust, shall

be null and void:

And every Per-

son to whom

Transfers shall

have been made,

or who shall have

voted by virtue

thereof, at any

Election, VriK»

fhn.ll afterwards

retransfer the

fauic, in conse-

quence of any

Tiufh, See. (ha’l

forfeit, for eviry

Offence, 1000I.

to be recovered,

with full Cc(U,

at Westminster j

and after Gift, i,

1773, no Pro-

prietor shall vote

at any Election

of Dirc&cis in

respect of Stock

amounting to

less than icoo 1.

nor until he shall

have been pof-

sessed of such iz

CalendarMon'h*.

Every Proprietor

poflclTed of

3000 I. Captital

Stock shall be in-

ti tied to Two

V* tea at any

EJed!ion; if pof»

fefied of 60001.

he shall have

Three Votes ;

and when pol-

fclfed of

jo,0001. is in-

titled to Four

Votes.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That any Member or Proprietor of the said Every Member

United Company shall be deemed qualified or capable to vote, and shall be admitted to give his or her Aal11x5 dccmcd

Vote or Votes, at any Election of Directors, or at any General Court of the said United Company, Elections of

that shall be held after the First Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, in re- Direaors^in^e-

spect of any such Stock, not. amounting to less than One thousand Pounds, whereof he or she shall spectof 10001.

have been possessed from the said First Day of October, any Thing herein contained to the Contrary Stock, after

«otwithstanding: And the Oath and Affirmation herein-after respectively prescribed shall be, as Occa- °cu J» *773*

lion shall require, altered in such Manner in respect of the Continuance of the Pofieffio n of such

Stock, as to comprise the Time aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Day of D^iol^ivery

October, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, upon every Election to be made of any p^rietoV^Tli,

Member or Members of the Court of Directors, and upon e/ery Billot to be taken at any General before a:mit:ed

Court of the said United Company, every Member or Proprietor of the said Company shall, before to vote, take the

admitted to vote at such Election, or in such General Court, first take the Oath hereafter mentioned . following Oath,

before Two or more of the Directors of the said United Company, who are hereby impowered to

administer fuchOath; (that is to say).

J A. B. do sweary (or being One of the People called Quakers, do Solemnly affirm)y That the Sum of

One thousand Pounds cr more of the Capital Stock of the United Company of Merchants of England

trading to the East Indies, funding in my Namey doth at this Time belong, and hath for the Space of

Twelve Calendar Months attually belonged to ?ney in my own Right, and not in Trust for any Person or Per-

Jons whatsoever; and that I have been in the attual Receipt of the Dividends and Profits thereof for my

ozun Uji, freed and discharged of all Incumbrances which can or may offett the famey for the said dp ice of

Twelve Calendar Months \ or that the fame came to me within the Time aforesaid by Bequjl, or by Mar-

5 M 2 riagey

