900

Driveis refusing

to turn, (hill for

ft it 40 s.

Former Atts for

rcpj: ing Turn

they thhilc pro

per.

C, 84. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III, A.D. 177^.

Turnpike Road, put up in the House or Building where such Weighing Engine shall be placed, to be

impeded by the Owner or Driver of every such Carriage ; and if the Driver of any such Carriage, be-

ing so requesteJ to return with his Carnage to such Weighing Engine, {hall neglect or refuse so to do,

he ill;: 11 forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings ; and it {hall and may be lawful for any Peace Officer, or

other Person or Persons, being then present, upon such Neglect or Rcfulal, to drive and take such Car-

riage back to such Weighing Engine, in order to be weighed as aforesaid.

V. And, in order to compensate for the Expences of erecting such Weighing Engine, and to pre-

vent any Prejudice to the Creditors who have lent, or {hall lend their Money upon the Security of the

pike Road5, fur- Tolls, be it further enacted, That all and every Act and Acts of Parliament, made for repairing and

i^1E^Yncs^are, amending Turnpike Roads, the Trustees whereof shall within Twelve Calendar Months after the Com-

er hi5tuftu- n*cncement of this Act have caused to be erected and used thereupon such Weighing Engine, pursuant

aaceof this Act. to the Direction and true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall he continued, and be in full Force,

for Five Years, to be computed from the several Ends and Expirations of all and every such Ad and

Acts respectively, and subject to all the Tolls and Duties, Penalties, Forfeitures, Remedies, Powers,

Authorities, Clauses, Rules, Directions, Payments, and Provisions, respectively made, and enacted by

any of the said Act or Acts of Parliament, now or heretofore made, for repairing and amending

Turnpike Roads.

"Not to extend to VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Regulations of Weight herein-before

Wagons,Cart*, mentioped shall not extend, or be deemed or confhued to extend, to any Waggons, Carts, or other

Huiba^dry^ ” Carriages, employed only in HufbanJry, or carrying only Manure for Land, Hay, Straw, Fodder or

Corn unthreshed; and that where Lime or other Manure is or shall, by any particular Turnpike Ad,

be permitted to pass through any Turnpike-gate Toll-free, or upon paying less Toll than is required

to be paid for other Goods, it shall be liable to be weighed at all Weighing Engines upon such Turn-

pike Road, together with the Carriages in which such Lime or Manure shall be conveyed, and Until

pay such additional Toll for Overweight as herein-before directed.

Justicesupon VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the Justice< of the

Complaintm^e, Peace, within the Limits of every County, Riding, Division, Hundred, or Prccind, at any General

m^v order Weigh- Quarter St flions of the Peace, upon Complaint made to them by any Jtntice of the Peace, or by any

ingEnpines tooc '] wo ^ reditors, or any Two Trustees of any "Turnpike Road, within the said Limits of which they

when are Creditors, or Trustees, that such Turnpike Road is much damaged by excefiive Weights being

carried thereupon, and that no Weighing Engine hath been eroded, or ordered by the Trillions of

such Turnpike P^oad to be erecRd, upon the fame, to summon the k lerk, Surveyor, and Tiealurer,

of such Turnpike Road to appear before the said Justices, at their then next General Quarter Sessions

of the Peace, to {hew Cache why a Weighing Engine or Engines should not be eiedted at or near

such Gate or Gates, upon such Turnpike Roads as shall be described in such Summons ; and if at

such subsequent Sessions the said Clerk, Surveyor, and Ticafurer, feme or One of them, shall not

appear before the Justices at such Sessions, or appearing, shall not shew sufficient Cause to the said

Justices against the erecting of such Weighing Engine or Engines, it final) and may be lawful for the

laid justices, if they think fit, at such Quarter Seiiions, to order One or more Weighing Engine or

Engines to be erected upon such Turnpike Road, at such Place or Places as they shall think proper;

a Copy of which Order shall be forthwith delivered to the Cleik of such Turnpike Road ; and the

Trustees thereof are hereby directed and required, at their next Meeting, to be held after their Cleik

shall have been served with such Copy of the Order as afore said, to contract, or cause a Contract to

be made with some proper Person or Persons, for the making and eroding such Weighing Engine or

Engines with all convenient Speed ; and the Treasurer of such Turnpike Road is hereby nuthorifed

Mid required to pay the Expences attending the making and erecting of such Weighing Engine or

or Engines out of the Money which shall then be or next come into iiis ILmds from the Tolls aiihr.g

upon such Turnpike Road.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That -when Two or more Turnpike Roads meet at

or near the same Place,it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees of such Turnpike Roads respectively,

at a Meeting to beheld for that Purpose, to fix upon some convenient Place to cred a Weighing

Engine upon, which will accommodate all such Turnp:ke Roads ; anl, by Agreement among!) them-

selves at such Meeting, to proportion the Expences which may attend the making, creeli <g, main-

taining, and keeping such Weighing Engine, and likewise the Money arising from Forfeitures to be

incurred for Overweight at such Weighing Engine, among!) all such Turnpike Roads, in such Man-

ner as to them shall appearjuft and reasonable.

*l>ruftfcs n-7* to

m.»Ic 'Con p-'f;-

t on fer To:<i,

tmlcli 'a.^ons,

Arc. hr-ve the

I rlilCb Ot"

Wheels of Six

Jr.ih( r. 0.0'd.

LlcAi.m 6cc,ds any Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, from any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, (except such Car-

beiorc cMnin^tv ru:a s as are herein-before excepted), ;.t, or before the same shall come to any Turnpike-gate or

anyC^tt or Weighing Engine, eroded by virtue or in pursuance of this or any other Act, made for the Repair or

Prdervation of any Turnpike Road ; or shall load or lay upon such Carriage, (except as aforesaid),

alter the fame shall have passed any such Turnpike or Weighing Engine, any Goods, Wares, or

1 • Mer-

WEcrp Two or

Rv*aiJ.S

meet, 1 : ufees

n .v t rOne

*\Vcic,hirg

Ei.g-nc to ac-

commodate

th.*m

..o 1 w niv.111 iiivtii 1 j uu «iliu I lUlUilaUiC.

IX. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Trustees of nnv Turnpike Road, their

Left’se or Let lees, to make Compofnion for Tolls, for or in respect of any Waggon, Wain, Ca t, or

Carriage, or Ho.fes, or Beasts of Draught, drawing the fame, unless such Waggons,- Wains, Carrs,

and Carriages, have the Fellies of the Wneels theieof of die Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches, or more,

any Law to the Contrary thereof notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted. That if any Person or Persons shall unload, or cause to be unloaden,

WrglKnjj Eo-

£ nc.

