A.D. 1771,

Anno undeeimo Georgii III.

C. 22:

*33

Authorities hereby granted, except as herein after is mentioned; and that with respe£l to the Rate or

Rates, Act llment or Assessments, herein before directed to be made, for the Purposes of repairing, clean-

ing* and lighting the several Square*, Streets, Lattes, and other Places within the said respective Parishes,

and for all and every other the Purposes of this Act, and the said former Acts, the said two Parishes shall

he deemed and taken to be one Paiifh, and the Committees thereof shall art in conjunction, and be con-

iiJercJ as one Committee to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, except as herein after is mentioned.

;rr, ns lies above the Pars, in the County of Middlesex, and the Par»fli of Saint

said Coum\, shall, in all Refpefls, be considered as one Parish horn^Ibove^he'

chosen and appointed for such Part of the said Parish of Saint Bars! 2nd S.iint

_.r____ ount

rated or ail elf d; anJ each of the said respective Committees shall have full Power and Authority, at Meet- 0: c*ch Raoth.

it'[« t > be he'd at their respective Vestry-iooms, to ..Ifign so much of the said additional Rate or Rates,

AlMlf.v:nr or Assessincnts, as shall be laid, rated, or addled within their separate Parish, as a Security or

bccuriues for the several Sum or Sums to be by them respectively borrowed or taken up at Interest by vir-

tue of ttic Powers hereby granted, and according to the Directions herein before contained; which said

£vjti or Sum*, and all other Monies which the said respeetive Parishes shall or may raise, collect, or re-

ceive, by virtue of the fa;d additional Rate or Rates, Ailcflment or AHeflmenrs, shall be deposited in the

rc c*f England, and placed to the separate and ditlinct Account of the relp tftive Parish whereon the

Ln c w ■«, were, or shall be borrowed, rated, or aflelled; and after Payment of the Interest of the Money

to h f> bofiowcd, the RcfiJue of the Money arising by the said additional Rate or Rates, Assessment or

Alidhu nts, shall be, by the said respective Committees, at Meetings to be held at their respective Vestry-

rooms, fr;uratclv» distinctly, and without the Interposition of each other, applied in and about the nevv-

paviitg any Part or Parts of their said rcIpeJtive Panfn, according to the Powers and Directions of this

Act.

LVH. P raided always, and be it enacted and declared. That, for the several Purposes of this Act, so $0 much oftfi®

much of the P nfh of Saint Andrew, HWborn, as lies abvive the Pars, in the County of Middlesex, and the p4r»rti of Saint

Fjl - . , a. \ ~ ~ J ~ An.lr.uz HaI.

a* ilh ot ba'.f.t George the Auntyr, in the

cr/.y; and (h it the Committee-men to be ________

Animv, ////:»>;, as lies abo*.e t!ie Piars, shall be Inhabitants nfiding within that Part of the said Parish, CcorgetheMar-

and the Committee men to be chofin and appointed for the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, shall be In- l>r» to Kc united:

habitants rchJing within the fa d Parish of Saint George the Ma*tyr\ and that the said Committee-men so

to I? 1 hr,fen as aforesaid, shall be considered as one Committee only, and shall meet, and at all Times 0

hviraiur a.t, in conjunction, for so much of the find Parish of Saint Andrew, Hi Worn, as lies above the

L~r*, and fur ti c said Parish of Saint G'eor?e the Mu' tyr; and that all Meetings of the fr.id Committee-men

jdiall, from time to time, be held at the Workh >ufc belonging to such Part of the said Parish of Saint An-

eireu, If 0.horn, as lies auovc the Pars, and at no other Place.

L\ 111. And be it further enacted, That all the said Committee-men to be chosen and appointed for the TIlw thrCom^

f id united Pai ilhes, shall, and they arc hereby authored and required, from time to time, to make 2 paifte*.

such C-.r..r;u5ts as shall Ic directid to be made by the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, shall ma:tttluicv

v irh;n the f.nd uni cd P.1 riHic?, and also all Rates and AHefiments which shall be ncecflhry to be made

u ithiri the said united Parishes, for paving, n pairing, lighting, and cleansing the Squares, Streets, Lanes,

and other Places therein, and all other the necefi’ary Put poles of the said former Acts, or r f this Act; and

the said Committee-men shall have full Power and Authority to do and perform all the Matters and Things

wh:rh any other Committee-men are by this Act authoriftd to do and perform, within any of the Parishes

and Places within the Limits of this Act; and the said Rates and Assessments, when raised or levied, toge-

ther with all Monies which the said united Parishes may hereafter be intitled to, for the better carrying on

and completing the several VVroiks to be done by virtue of this Act, shall be added together and made one

common Stock, or Fund, and be iffiicd and applied for the Benefit of the said united Par.Ihes, as the said

Committee-men, at 2ny of their Meetings to be held as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, think fit to

order and direct; 2nd the said Committee-rr.cn are hereby authorised and required, in the Appointment of

their Officers, to consider the said united Parishes as one Par 1 fh only, for the Purposes of this Act; any

Thing in thi> Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be TIds Atf-not tm

cor, ft rued to extend, to any Square, Street, or Place, which has been paved, cleansed, and lighted, under exl?nd !° rK'

the Clauses in the said Act made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty, in.powcring the Inhabitants Qf °Pt,dna

any particular Square, Street or Place, to raise a Sum sufficient to new-pave the fame, and enabling the

CV mm iff;oners to affr n the Rates or AflI-flments made upon such Square, Street, or Place, as a Security

f»,r the Repayment of such Money, with Interest; but that all such Squares, Streets, and Places, shall

continue under the Diiedlion of the said former Act, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been*

made.

4 LX. And whereas the Liberty of the Rolls is included within the Provisions of the faiJ former Act, The Liberty o#

and ought to be included in this A& Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the lhe

Commissioncn appointed and elected, or to be appointed and elected, by > irtue of the said former Acts, any c^uda^’

f: either of them, and of tins Act, shall, over and above the Powers given by the said former Acts, have full

>v.cr and Authority to pave and repair, light and cleanse the Streets, Lancs, and Places, within the said

L:*i rryof the Rdls, and to make, collect, and recover the like Rates or Assessments, anJ to put this Acct

in Kxccution theicin, as fully and effectually as the fame can be done by the Commissioners or Commit-

tee* appointed to put this Act in Execution within the fcvcial Parishes, Piecindls,. and Places included iiv

3 this.

