A. I>. 177a. Anno duodecimo Georgi 1 III. C. 66. 569

such Court, shall and mayr and arc hereby authorised ta depute and appoint another Person to exercise

the said Office of Clerk or Beadle respectively, in all things relating to such Cause.

4 XXVIII. And, for the better enforcing the Orders and Decrees, from Time to Time, to be faulty tm U-

4 made by the said Commissioners, and that the Commissioners of the said Court may be inverted

4 with proper Power and Authority, and be free and exempt from Insult and Abufe/ be it en-00"1,

acted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall affront, insult, or abuse all

or any of the Commissioners during their fitting in the said Court, or shall interrupt the Pro-

ceedings of the said Court, or shall obstruct the Process thereof, it shall and may be lawful to

and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to cause a Warrant to be issued

by the Clerk of the said Court, or his Deputy, directing such Beadle to apprehend and take, or cause

to he apprehended and taken, such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, before One of His Ma-

3city’s Justices of the Peace for the Borough of Kidderminster aforesaid, if the Offence shall be com-

mitted within the said Borough, or before One of His Majesty’s Jurtices of the Peace for the County of

i'f'orcester aforesaid, if the Offence shall he committed in the said Foreign; and upon the Fact alJcdged

being proved by the Oath of One credible Witness, the said Justice is hereby impowered and directed

to punish such Person or Perfor.s so offending as aforesaid, by Fine, not exceeding Five Pounds, nor

less than Ten Shillings, which shall be immediately paid into the Hands of the saidTuflice before

whom the said Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, and be paid and applied by such Justice in

like Manner as the Fin^s herein-before mentioned are directed to be applied; and if the said Offender

or Offenders shall not pay the said Fine in Manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the

said Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the fame to be levied by Diffrcfs and Sale

of the Offender’s Goods; or in Default thereof, to commit such Person or Persons so offending as

aforesaid to the Common Gaol or Houseof Correction for the said Cojunty of IVtrrcrJlcr^ there to remain

for any Space of Time not exceeding Three Months, or until, he, she, or they, shall pay the

said Fine.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of Copy ofprece-

the said Court shall fix. or cause to be fixed up, in some publick Part of the said Court-house, or Place dingClauseto be

where the said Commissioners shall meet, a true Copy of the last preceding Clause of this A&, to the £ung ,nfthe

Intent that no Person shall or may plead Ignorance thereof. ourt ou

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action of Debt, or Action Defiant* may

upon the Cafe, upon an AJfumpfit for Recovery of any Debt to be sued or prosecuted against any Pei pi^d aurally i*

son or Persons aforesaid. in any of the King’s Courts at fVeJimirt/}gry or elsewhere out of the said Couribarot Actiomof

of Requests, the Plaintiff shall declare for any Sum of Money, not amounting to the Sum of Forty Debt*

Shillings, the Defendant may plead generally in Bar of such Action, that at the Time of commencing

speh Action the Defendant was inhabiting and refiant within the Jurisdiction of the said Court of Re-

quests, and was liable to be warned or summoned before the said Court of Requests, without pleading

any other Matter specially; and in case the Plaintiff in any such Action shall declare for Forty shillings,

or any Sum of Money exceeding Forty Shillings, the Defendant may plead generally, over and above

such Matters as aforesaid, that the Defendant was not at the Time of commencing such Action indebted

unto the Plaintiff in any Sum or Sums of Money amounting to the Sum of Forty Shillings, without

pleading any other Matter specially; where to the Plaintiff’ shall or may reply generally, and deny the

Matters pleaded as aforesaid 5 and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, or Verdict

pass against him, or Judgment be given on Demurrer, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Full

Costs.

XXXI. Provided always. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in Prorffo.

such Action, afterwards to prosecute the said Defendant or Defendants, for the Recovery of the said

Debt or Debts in the said Court of Requests; any Thing herein-before contained to the Conti ary in

anywise notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Attorney at Law or Solicitor, No Attorney to

being served with the Process of the said Court of Requests, or appearing in the fame Court, shall be or

allowed to plead or maintain any Privilege against the Process, Authority, Jurisdiction, or Judgment u*lhl*

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any Thing herein To what Debts

contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to any Debt for Rent upon any Lease or Con- *hu Aclfluiiftot

tract where the Title of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, can or may come in Question, ort3Ucn

in or upon any re; 1 Contract, nor to any Debt that shall arise upon or by reason of any Caule concern-

ing any Last Will and Testament, or Matrimonial- Contract, or the Breach thereof, or any Thing

properly belonging to the Ecclesiastieal Court , nor for Money won at or by Means of any Horse-race,

Cock match. Wager, or any Kind of Gaming or Flay; nor for any Forfeiture of any Penal Statute

or Bye-law; nor to any Debt contracted upon a Sunday, for Ale, Beer, Cyder, Spirituous or other

Liquors; nor to any Debt whereof there hath not been a Contract, Acknowledgment, Undertaking,

or promise to pay, within Six Years before the taking out of the Summons for the fame, although such

Debt shall not amount to Forty Shillings.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons PcnJtyonwilful

making Oath, or giving Evidence in any Cnufe or Matter whatsoever, depending in the said Court oi ^erJury*

Urquells, shall commit wilful and corrupt Perjury, and be thereof duly convicted according to Law,

such Person and Persons shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties as any other Person or Per-

. \ot. XI. 4 D fons

