A.D. 1772 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 46. 527

Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits shall give the Notice in Writing, at least Twelve Hours Kigfct *nd 6in

before the particular Hour or Time of the Night when he intends so to open his Low Wine Still, or *

to charge his Waft Still or Wash Stills; and every other Corn Distillcr or Maker of Low Wines or 5)^ j/otlcc.

Spirits from Corn or Grain, whose Still-house or Still-houses i9 or are not situate in London or Wefi- 1

minster, nor under the Survey of the London Officers, nor in some other City in Great Britain, shall

give or fend at least Twelve Hours Notice, in Writing, at the next Office of Excise, or to the proper

Officer under whose Survey such last-mentioned Distifler or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits shall then

be, of such his or their Intention of opening or charging their Still or Stills: And in case any such

Distillcr or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits shall not begin to charge his Still or Stills at the Hour

mentioned in such Notice, or within Two Hours next after the Expiration of such Hour and Time,

then every such Notice shall be and is hereby declared void and null, and every such Distillcr and

Maker of Low Wines and Spirits shall be obliged to give a fresh Notice before the Officer shall be

bound to open the Heads of any such Still or Stills, or the said Charge Cocks, or Wash Pumps, so

locked as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officers of Excise shall, from Officers of Errift

Time to Time, attend, agreeable to such Notices so to be given or left as before directed; and when *0 *tend ,n<J.!“’

and so soon as such Officer shall be at such Still-house, every such Distillcr or Maker as aforesaid, or [^1UchNotius.

his or their Servants, shall, and they are hereby required to turn the Discharge Cocks of every Wash

Still, that the Officer may be satisfied that the said Wash Still or Wash Stills are really empty; and

then, and not before, such Officer shall open the Stills, Cocks, and Pumps, so locked and secured,

and shall continue in the said Still-house all the Time that such Wash Still shall be charging 5 and

when the fame shall be fully charged, shall immediately lock and secure, as before, all the Still Heads,

Wash Pumps, and Charging Cocks, to the Wash Stills belonging or affixed, and shall leave them so

locked and secured at all Times.

XV. Provided always, That when and so often as it shall be found necessary to have such Still Heads Excise Officers to

or Charge Cocks, or Wash Pumps open, for repairing or amending the same, or either of them; then, #tfcnd *!1 the

and in every such Cafe, it shall be lawful for the Officers of Excise so to do, for all the Time the HwdVan'c^te

Workmen shall be actually employed in repairing and mending the fame; but the said Officers shall c^ks arc rc-

lock and secure all such Stills, Wash Pumps, and Charge Cocks, every Night, w'hcn and so soon as pairing.

the said Workmen shall leave off their Work; and in such Cafe, such Officers shall attend at Six of

the Clock each Morning, whilst such Repairs arc doing, in order to open such Stills, Charge Cocks,

and Pumps.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Distiller or Maker of Dimilers ufm*

Low Wines, or Spirits as aforesaid, shall have any Pipe or Conveyance to the Low Win^s Stills from °ther P|fes or

any other Vcflll or Utensil, except the known and entered Low Wine Cask, on Pain of forfeiting, thaTthuiVemcr-.

for every such Conveyance, the Sum of One hundred Pounds. cd, to formic

1001.

XVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Distiller or Maker of Low Diflillerspre-

Wines or Spirits from Corn, shall, after the said Twenty-fourth Day of Juney One thousand seven fuming to dirtil,

hundred and seventy-two, presume to distil, or make Low Wines of Spirits, before he, she, or they before fufliaent

shall have found, provided, and affixed sufficient Faftnings, to be approved as aforesaid, to every ^aftnings arc

such Still Head, and to the Charge Cocks to each Walh* Still and Wash Pump to him, her, or them Provided»

belonging, or by him, her or them used, according to the Directions of this Act; or shall refuse to pay

for the Locks and Keys to be provided in pursuance of the Directions of this Act; or shall neglect or

refuse to turn the Discharge Cock of the Wash Stills as required by this Act; he, she, or they, shall,t0f°rfcit 5cL»

for every such Offence, forfeit Fifty Pounds.

XVIII. And if by any Means, Device, or Contrivance whatsoever, any Person shall open any Still

Head, or Charge Cock, or Wafir Pump, after the fame shall have been locked and secured as aforesaid, aft‘er tJingbck-

before the fame shall have been opened by the Officer of Excise, or shall wilfully hurt or damage any Cd, to forfeit

such Lock, or other Faftning; every such Person shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit 2001.

and lose the Sum of T wo hundred Pounds.

XIX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons Penalty of c/fe-

shall ohftruCt, hinder, or oppose any of the said Officers, in the Execution of any of the Powers given offi«rTfndoin

to him determined by this Act, the Pei (on or Persons offending therein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the rwTw ii”8

Sum of One hundre d Pounds. *ool.

XX. And be it further cnaCKd by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfei- Forfeitures and

Pures, impoled by this AC 1, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, Penaltiesreco-

and Methods, 2$ any Fine, Penalty, and Forfeiture, is or-miy be recovered or mitigated by any Lawveuble b" anT

or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Pill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty’s Courts Law of Exufe,

of Record at It'ejlminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and that One Moiety of every such

Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety

to him or them who shall difeovtr, inform, or sue for the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be Person? molcft-

sued, molested, or prosecuttd for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Att, such Person or rd ior any Thing

Persons shall and may plead the General lllue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, dent ,n

in his or their Defence or Defences , and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Dc- tjCic

fendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their Action or AiSti&ns, or be nonsuited, Concul klue.

or Judgn.cnt shall be given against him, her, or them, on Demurier or otherwise, then such Defen-

z dant

