904

Carti, fte. em-

ployed in Huf-

kandrjr excepted

No Benefit to

be taken of

Exemptions,

uoleft the Fel-

lies lie fiat.

Wapgona, &C.

moving on Rol-

lers, of the -

Breadth of 16^

Itches on each

Side with flat

Surfaces, to pafa

Toll-fiee for

One Year,.

and then-after

paying One

Half of the

Toll.

Carriages to

which the AA

does not extend.

Penalty on Per-

sons fraudulent-

ly taking the

Benefit of any

Exemption, is

not to exceed $1«

T t u flees may

reduce the Tolls,

at Xny publick m

Mcctisg,

and afterwards

to advance them

again )

Provided such

Alterations of

the Toll* be

made with the

Consent of the

Creditors.

Powers for Justi-

ces to farm out

the Tolls,

under particular

Directions and

Reftr.ttions,

C. 84. Anno ttacimo tertio Georgii. III. A.D. 1^73-

Six Inches as aforesaid, and for and in respect of Horses, or Beasts of Draught, drawing the fame,

iexcept as before excepted) shall be paid in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if nd

exemption, or less Toil, had been enacted or allowed by any of the said Acts respectively, and as fully

as all other Waggons, Wains, Carte, and Carriages, and Horses drawing the fame, Ought respectively

to pay, which are not intitled to any Exemption from Toll, in the Whole or Part; or to pay a less

Toll than other Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Carriages; any Law or Statute to the Contrary not-

withstanding.

XXV. Provided, That no Person or Persons be allowed to take the Benefit of any such Exemptions,

or to have the Privilege herein-before given of compounding in respect of any Carriage having the

Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches, or upwards, unless the Fellies*

and the Tire upon such Fellies, shall lie fiat.

XXVI. Provided also, That all Waggons, Carts, or Carriages, moving upon Rollers, of the Breadth

of Sixteen Inches on each Srde thereof, with flat Surfaces, shall be permitted to pafsor be drawn upon

ny Turnpike Road Toll-free, for the Term of One Year, to be computed from Michaelmas^ One

thousand seven hundred and feveftty-three; and from and after the Expiration of the said Term, all

such Waggons, Carts, or Carriages, as aforesaid, shall pass upon any Turnpke Road, through any

Toll-gate or Bar, upon paying only so much of the Toils and Duties as shall not exceed One Half of

the full Toll or Duty payable by this or any Turnpike Act, for all Waggons, Wains, or Carts, hav-

ing the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches from Side to Side, or for the Horses

or Beasts of Draught drawing the fame, and not rolling a Surface of Sixteen Inches on each Side

thereof; and that no more than Half Toll shall be paid in respect of Waggons having the Fellies of

the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Nine Inches* and rolling a Surface of Sixteen Inches on each

Side thereof, from and after the Commencement of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the Con-

trary notwithstanding.

XXVII. Provided always. That nothing herein-before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend

to any Chaise-marine, Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Chaise, Chair, Calash, or Hearfe, or to the Car-

riage of such Ammunition or Artillery as shall be for His Majesty’s Service, or to any Cart or Car-

riage drawn by One Horse, or Two Oxen, and ho more; or to any Carriage; having the Sole or

Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Nine Inches, which-shall be laden with-

One Block of Stone, One Piece of Marble, One Cable Rope, One Piece of Metal, or One Piece of

Timber.

XXVIIL Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall take the Benefit of

any Exemptions, under or by virtue of this or any other Act made for the Repair of any Turnpike

Road, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, such Person or Persons shall forfeit, for

every such Offence, a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, or less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion

of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

XXIX. And whereas, in and by several Acts of Parliament, made and passed for amending and re-

pairing particular Turnpike Roads, there is no Power, or no effectual Power, given to the Trustees to*

lessen the Tolls, although such Turnpike Road3 may be sufficieatly, or in a great Degree, amended

and repaired, and all, or the greatest Part of, the Money borrowed upon the Credit of any such Acts,

may have been paid and discharged; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful

to and for the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of any Act of Parliament now in Force for repairing

and amending such particular Roads as aforesaid, or any Seven or more of such Trustees respectively,

and they are hereby impowered, in any of the Cafes aforesaid, at a Meeting to be held for that Pur-

pose, of which One Calendar Month’s Notice shall be given in Writing, to be affixed on all Turnpike

Gates which shall be then erected tfpon such respective Roads, and in some publick Newspaper cir-

culated in that Part of the Country, from Time to Time, to lessen or reduce all or any of the Toils

granted by any of the said ncfpfcftive Acts, for and during such Time as the said Trustees, or any

Seven or more of them, shall think proper 5 and afterwards, at any Meeting, to be held as aforesaid,

from Time to Time, if they shall fee Occasion, to advance all or any of the Tolls so lessened to any

Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the several Rates granted by such Acts of Parliament reipec-

tively.

XXX. Provided nevertheless, That where the whole Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls,

granted by any such Act, shall not have been paid and discharged, no such Tolls shall be lelfened or

reduced without the Consent of the Person or Persons intitled to Five-sixths of the Money remain-

ing due upon such respective Tolls.

XXXI. And whereas in and by several Acts of Parliament, made for repairing particular Turnpike

Roads, there art; no Powers given to the Trustees to let or f arm out the Tolls arising upon such Roads,

and in many Cafes where the particular Acts have given such Power, they are not executed and enforced

in the most beneficial Manner for such Roads; for Remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That it

shall and may be lawful for the Trustees of any particular Turnpike Act, or any Seven or more of them,

at a publick Meeting, to let to Farm the Tolls of the several Gates erected upon their respective Turn-

pike Roads, in'the Manner herein-after mentioned, although no express Power shall have been given

by fi;ch Turnpike Act for that Purpose; and that whenever any Tolls shall hereafter be let to farm,

by virtue of the Powers given by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, the following Directions

shall be observed; (that is to say) The Trustees shall cause Notice to be given of the Time and Place

for

e

