i56 C. 33*

Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Occupiers of

Houses may

znjke Areas*

Notice to be

gi .en when

or Places, which shall be new-paved by Order of such Commissioners as aforesaid, or the Manner of the

Pavement thereof, or in any wise incroach thereon, or put up any Pott or Potts, Step or Steps, or erect any

Bulks or Stalls, or place out any Shew-glafTes or Shew-boards, so as to be an Incroachment, or make any

Dung-holes or Saw-pits, upon Pain that every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit

and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, over and above the Expences of

relaying and reinftaiing such Pavements, or taking down such Potts, Bulks, or Stalls, and removing or

altering such Shew-boards or Shew-glasses, or filling up such Dung-holes, or Saw-pits, according to the

Direction of such Commissioners.

XXIIL Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained

shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any Owner or Occupier of any House, Shop, Ware-

house, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, within the Limits aforesaid, to make any Area or Areas,

either in the Front or at the End of any such House, Shop, Warehouse, Building, Tenement, or Heredi-

tament, after the fame shall be paved ; but they shall have like Power to make such Area or Areas as before

the patting of this Act any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwith-

ftcinding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the patting of this

Act, if any Householder or Houlcholders, within the Limits aforesaid, shall make Complaint in Writing

)-*vcmcnia want unjer his, her, or their Hand or Hands, and shall leave the fame at the last or usual Place of Abode of the

lu-pdir. Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Commissioners, of any Defect or Want of Repair in any of the Pave-

ments of any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, either be-

fore or after the fame shall have been new-paved or repaired by virtue of this Act, three Days before the

Meeting of the said Commissioners ; then, and in every such Cafe, the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall

view the said Pavement, and report the Condition thereof to the said Commissioners at their next Meeting;

and if the said Surveyor or Surveyors, to whom such Notice shall be given or left as aforesaid, shall, upon

such View, find the Pavement complained of to be bad and defective (unless it shall appear to aiife from a De-

fied! relating to the Water -pipes lying under such Pavement) the said Commissioners shall give Order to their

Contradtor or Contractors, Pavior or Paviors, to repair the fame within such Time as they the said Com-

missioners shall judge necessary for the Repair thereof, which Time shall be specified in such Order; and if

traet °^cCOn" Ciontradtor or Contradtors, Pavior or Pavior, to whom such Order shall be given, shall not repair and

jJfcirOmgto amend such Pavements within such Time as he or they shall be diiedted by the said Commissioners to repair

and amend the fame ; then, and in every such Cafe, the said Contradtor or Contradtors, Pavior or Paviors,

shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Day that the said defective Pavement shall re-

main unrepaired alter the 7'ime limited by the said Commissioners in their said Order 5 and one half of every

Rich Penalty shall be applied and paid to such complaining Inhabitant for his or her Loss of Time and

Trouble in and about the Premises.

XXV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That if the said Surveyor or Surveyors

thiok such l\Tve- shall, on any View or Views, be of Opinion, that the Pavement or Pavements mentioned to be bad and

defective by fdch Householder or Householders in such Notice is not bad and defective, then, and in such

Cafe, the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall forthwith proceed to view the said Pave-

ment, and their Opinion and Order concerning the fame, after such View, shall be final and conclusive;

any T hing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Commissioners as afore-

said, or any five or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority to cause all or any of the Squares,

Streets, Lancs, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, within the Limits aforesaid, to be watered

as often as they shall think fit; and also to cause any Well or Wells to be dug or funk in such Places (not

being a Vault, Cellar, or other Building, under any of the Streets and Places aforesaid) as they shall think

proper, and also any pump or Pumps to be crecte I in or near such Places, and also any Pumps now (land-

ing, or which shall hereafter be erected for the Purpose of watering the said Squares, Streets, Lanes,

Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, to be removed and altered, and to defray the Expence thereof

out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act.

Projections, &c. XXV H. And be it further enacted, That such Commissioners as aforesaid, or any five or more of them,

to be removed, shall and may cause all Trees, Signs, Sign-potts, Sign-irons, Dyers, Scourers, and Barbers Poles, or

any other^ Poles, Porches, Pent houses, Boaids, Spouts, and Gutters, projecting into or over the High-

ways or l'ootwuys, and all other Incroachments, Projections, or Annoyances whatsoever, within the Li-

mi'-> afi.rcfaid, to be taken down and remove i ; and ihali cause ail Signs, Boards, and Gutters, to bealtixed

anil phued close to or on the fronts of the Houses. Shops, Wairhouses, or Buildings, whereunto they re-

spec.ti . ely belong, or otherwise, as the said Commissioners shall think proper and convenient ; and shall re-

turn, or caute to be returned, to the respective Owners, all or so much of such Signs, Sign-polls, Poles,

Sign-irons, Boards, Spouts, and Gutters, as shall not be affixed or put up, or otherwise made use 0/in

the Alterations directed by the said Con.missioners, in pursuance of this Act; and that for the future, all

S.gns, Sign-boards, and Gutters, (hull be placed and fixed close to or on the Fronts of the H aifes, Shops,

Yv ,u i noiiies, or Buildings, to which they rt fpccmdv belong, and not otherwise ; and if any Person or Per-

r ... 11 at any I ime hereafter, hang, place, erect, or build, any Sign, Sign-pott, or other Pott, Sign-

ction, Oldtrudion, or Annoyance

pave, after No-

tice.

If Surveyors

tive, &c. Com-

rr.uiioners to

view the fame.

Streets, &c. to

tc watered.

Mfr«t £-c. how

oe alhxid.

ilia

iron, Bole, Porch, Pent-hou(e, Board, Spout, Gutter, or other P/oj

wirusoever, or cause *l*~ r--- *■ L J --- - - v

Meaning of this A

not exceeding five Pounds,

fame ihali be continued.

the fame t > be dune, contrary to the Directions aforesaid, and the true Intent and

every Peri on so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum

nor less than forty Shillings, and the Sum of five Pounds for every Week the

♦ ‘ XXVIIL And

