8a

Comm! flionert

impowered Co

borrow Money,

and mortgage the

Tolls for Repay-

ment thereof.

Manner of

Transfer*

Oomml/Tirners

may farm out

the Tolls by the

Year.

C. 19. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

and seventy-one, the Clerk of the said Commissioners for the time being shall be, during the Continuance

of this Act, and he is hereby conflicted and appointed the Deputy of the said Vice-chancellor and Mayor,

for collecting the said annual Sums ; and the said Clerk for the time being shall and may demand and receive

the said respective Sums of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for the time being of each respective

Parish and Township; and in Default of Payment thereof, {hall and may levy the same by Distress and

Sale of the Goods of such Surveyor or Surveyors, returning the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, after

deducting thereout the Charges of such Distress and Seizure : And it shall and may be lawful to and for the

said Surveyor or Surveyors, who shall have paid such Sums, or on whom such Distress shall have been made,

to reimburse themselves such Sums so paid or distrained for, by collecting the fame of the Persons whose

Estates have usually been chargeable therewith, or by any other Means, whereby, according to the Laws

now in being. Surveyors of Highways are to be reimbursed the Monies by them expended in buying Mate-

rials for amending the Highways; and the said Clerk of the said Commissioners shall pay the Sums so

received by him to the Treasurer of the said Road for the time being, to be applied to the Repairs of the

said Mile-ways, and to the other Purposes of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any (even

or more of them, at their first or any subsequent Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, to borrow

and take up at Interest, upon the Credit of the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act, such Sum or Sums of

Money as they, or any seven or more of them, shall think fit; and may and are hereby impowered to demise

or mortgage the said Tolls, or any Part or Parte thereof, and the Gates, Tufcipikes, and Toll-houses for

collecting the fame (the Cods and Charges of such Mortgages to be paid out of such Tolls), as a Security1

to any Person or Persons, or their Trustees, who shall advance such Sum or Sums of Money, by the fol-

lowing Words, under their Hands, or by any other Words, to the fame or the like Effect, viz.

(C

«<

sc

sc

sc

sc

sc

sc

sc

sc

cc

sc

BY virtue of an Act made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third,

for the more effectual amending such of the Roads as belong to and are Part of the Mile-ways leading to the

University and City 0/*Oxford, and other Purposes : Wc of the

Commissioners, in consideration of the Sum of to the

Treasurer of the said Turnpikes in Hand paid, do grant, bargain, fell, and demise unto A. B. his

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said A<9t*

and of the Gates, Turnpikes, and Toll-houses for collecting the fame, as the said Sum of

doth or shall bear to the whole Sum advanced, or to be advanced, on the

Credit thereof; to be had and holden from this Day of

in the Year of our Lord for and during the Continuance

of the said Act, unless the said Sum of # with Interest, at the Rate of

per Centum per Annum, shall be sooner repaid and satisfied.”

And Copies of all such Mortgages shall be entered in the Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the

Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners ; but no Money shall be borrowed upon the Credit of the

said Tolls after such first Meeting, unless Notice be for that Purpose fixed in Writing upon all the Turn-

pikes across the said Road, at least twenty-one Days before the borrowing thereof.

XXL And be it further enacted, That all Persons to whom any such Mortgage shall be made as afore-

said, or who shall be intitled to the Money thereby secured, may, from time to time, assign or transfer

his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit, to the said Mortgages, and the said Principal and In-

terest thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, indorsing on the Back of such Security, with

or without a Witness, the following Words, or Words to the like Efteft:

u T Do transfer this Mortgage, with all my Right and Title to the Principal hereby secured, and to all

44 1 the Interest now due upon the fame, unto his Executors*

44 Administrators, and Assigns* Dated this Day of G.

And such Transfer and Alignment shall intitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administra-

tors, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon ; and such Assignee may, in like Manner*

assign or transter the fame again, and so toties quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of such Person or

Persons who shall have made such Assignment respectively to make void, release, or discharge the original

Security, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgage

or Assignment shall be made as aforesaid, shall be, in proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned*

Creditors on such Tolls, on the Credit whereof such Sum or Sums are advanced, in equal Degree one with

another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the prior Advancement of any such Money, or prior

Date of any such Mortgage.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any fifteen

or more of them, at any Meeting, may and are hereby impowered, upon fourteen Days Notice being

given in fomc public Newspaper usually circulated within the said City, to lease or farm the Tolls by this

Act granted, or any .Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons, at and for the largest yearly Sums

that can be got for the fame; provided that such Lettings and Agreements be made in Writing, and signed

by the Person or Persons taking or farming any such Tolls, and by the Commissioners that let the fame*

and be not made for more than three Years at a Time ; and that the Money which shall be so agreed to

be paid for the said Tolls shall be made payable and shall be paid to the Treasurer for the time being, or

