626 C. 70*

Anno duodecimo Gexsilgii III.

A.D. 1772-

d *05,39* L

its. ad. tc-

maratogustbe

Exchequer on

April *177. j

*ad 10,4161.

Day of January I One thousand fev6n hundred and seventy-two, for the Disposition of Parliament, of

the Monies which had then arisen of the Surpluses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Re-

venues of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund \ and also the said Sum of Eight hundred and five

thousand three hundred ninety-eight Pounds, Thirteen Shillings and Twopence, remaining in the Re-

ceipt of the Exchequer on the Firth Day of Aprils One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, for

the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen of the Surpluses, Excesses, and

. Overplus Monies, and other Revenues of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund; and also the

ad 21,7101.46 fa*d Sum of Ten thousand four hundred twenty-six Pounds, Nine Shillings and Threepence remain-

remainlaf in the i ng in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Disposition of Parliament; and also the said Sum of

Ex^hcquei 5 Twenty-one thousand seven hundred and ten Pounds, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on

Fifth Day of April, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, being the Surplus of the Dc-

b^Aa 9 G«o. duQjons of Sixpence in the Pound, out of all Monies paid upon all Salaries, Pensions, Annuities, and

od'fuchMoniesother Payments from the Crown, after satisfying the Annuities, or other Charges, then due and pey-

at dull be paid able out of the fame j and also the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, which by an Act mad:

Uto the Exche* in the Ninth Year of His pr. fctU Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution certain

9ucr between Proposals made in the East India Company, for the Payment of the annual Sum of Four hundred thousand

r April ^77/of P°unds, for a limited Time, in rejfefl of tie Territorial Acfuifiiions a id Revenues lately obtained in the East

the Produce of Indies, is directed to be paid, within the present Year, into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer by

the Duties on the said Company; and also such of the Monies as shall be paid unto the Receipt of the Exchequer

Gum Senega after the Fifth Day of April, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and on or before the

Fifth Day of April, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three of the ProJuce of the Duties

1^. ad.grMted c^arScc* by an Act of Parliament, made in the Fifth Year of H«s present M ijesty’s Reign, upon the

by this Act out Importation and Exportation of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic; and also the further Sum of One million

of the Sinking eight hundred fifty-six thousand seven hundred twenty-three rounds. One Shilling and Twopence, by

Fund, together this Act granted, out of fuqh Monies as shall or may arise of the Surpluses, Excesses, or Qverpltis-

vnth the Pnxe- nion|CSt and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, shall be further

Idre the DecI*- appropriated, and are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied, for and towards the several

r w«r; Uses and Purposes hereafter expressed, together with the Residue of the Monies arising from the Sale

' of French Prizes taken before the Declaration of the late War, which His Majesty declared tn a most

ration of

and also such

Monies as fits

Majesty shall

d w.4 iu of the

Monies artfcog

by Sale of ceded

L . eis in the

Indies.

Gracious Speech to His Parliament, that He had directed, for the Ease of His Subjcfls, to be ap-

plied to the publick Service; and^ also such Sum or Sums of Money as His Majesty, according to His

most Gracious Intentions, expressed in the fame Speech, shall direct, for the further Ease of his Sub-

-> 070.C64I,

6 . towards

Naval Services

7»-

jests, to be also applied to the publick Service, out of the Monies which have arisen, or shall arise,

by the Sale of Lands belonging to His Majesty in the Islands of the West Indies, which were ceded to

His Majesty by the late Treaty of Peace.

XV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or

Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money

hercii ex^rcfiVd not cx-eec^n8 Two millions, seventy thousand six hundred and sixty-four Pounds, Seventeen Shillings

61X1 c *x c and Sixpence, for or towards the Naval Services herein particularly expressed; that is to say. For or

towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof performed, and so

be perfor med, and for or towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordnance performed, and to be performed,

and for or towards defraying the Ordinary of His Majesty’s Navy, and for Half-pay to Sea and Marine

Officers, and for or towards maintaining Six thousand six hundred and sixty-four Marines, and to-

wards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other

extra Works, over and above what may be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary,

for the Year One thoufjnd seven hundred and seventy-two.

XVI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authori:y aforesaid. That out of all or any the Aids or

Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding

Two hundred fifteen thousand eight hundred eighty-three Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Fourpence,

for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year One thousand seven hundred

and seventy two.

XVII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any of the Aids*

3d?ior Charges or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applieJ any Sum or Sums of Money not ex-

of the Office of ceeding Thirty-two thousand four hundred ninety-eight Pounds, Six Shillings, and Threepence, for

OrtinuKe. defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not pro~

vided for by Parliament, in One thousand seven hundred and levcnty-one.

1,314,701!; XVIIL And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or

j1v.5d.aAd*. Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not cx-

Oqc Eighth of a ectding One million three hundred fourteen thousand seven hundred and one Pounds, Twelve Shil-

t‘^ard# lings, and Fivepence, and One Eighih Part of a Penny, for and towards maintaining His MajestyV

If wh^h °rCe,} Land Forces, and other Services herein-afttr more particularly expressed j that is to say. Any Sum or

629,4911. 11 s. Sums of Money, not exceeding Six hundred twenty-nine thousand four hundred ninety-one Pounds,

4d. and'SevMi Twelve Shillings, and Fourpence* and Seven Eighth Parts of a Penny, for defraying the Charge of

Eitb?h« of a Seventeen thousand- five hundred forty-seven effective Men, commissioned , and non-com m i (Boned Of-

Fcnny, for de- ficers included j and including One thousand five hundred and twenty-two Invalids, for Guards, G ir-

charts* of rifons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Bc itain^ Jctfeyj zadGuern/ey^ for

*7,547 ‘ffettive

ftdc», &c. sad 2522 IavattdSj foyQuarts, Ice, i* Great Britaio,

2x5,8831 172,

4 d. towards

paying off the

Debt of the

Navy.

31,49’!. 6s*.

the Year Qnc

thousand.

