2«jo C. 44*

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1771.

Sewers, 8cc, to

fee made.

how to be pre-

vented*

Penalty on Of-

fender*

Power of ma-

Scwer.

Commissionen XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing this Act, it shall and may be lawful to

may order the and for the said Commissioners, from time to time, and at all times, when and so often as they, or any five

Pavements of OT more of them, shall think proper, and they, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised to order

the Streets to be an(j aj] or any of the Pavements in the said Streets and public Passages now in being, or hereafter to

fcpa,rc • be made, or any Part or Parts thereof, to be repaired ; and the fame, when necessary, to be taken up ;

and the said Streets and public Passages'to be paved, relaid, repaired, raised, lowered, or altered ; and also

to be cleansed and freed from all Annoyances, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Incroachments whatsoever ;

and all such Sewers and Drains, and Reservoirs of and Receptions for Water therein, as the said Com-

missioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper; and the Person or Persons authorised or di-

reded by them to do the fame are hereby impowered and required to do the fame accordingly.

Interruptions in XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the patting this A#,

the Foot ways, carry, run, drive, or draw, or cause to be carried, run, driven, or drawn, on any of the Foot* pavements

to be made in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, within the aforesaid Streets and public Passages within the

aforesaid Part of the said Town, or any of them, any Bier, or any Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, WheeL-

barrow, or other Carriage whatsoever, or shall wilfully ride, lead, or drive any Horse, Afs, Mule, or other

Cattle, or any Coach or other Carriage whatsoever, upon any Part of the said Foot-pavements; then, and

in any of the said Cafes, and as often as they or any of them shall happen, it shall and may be lawful to and

for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall fee any such Offence committed, to seize, and also for

any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing such Offender or Offenders, and, by Authority of this Act,

and without any Warrant, to convey or deliver him, her, or them, into Custody of a Peace Officer, to be

conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the said Weft Riding; and the Party or Parties acculed being

brought before him, such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witness'es who shall

appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence (which Oath the said Justice is hereby

authorised and required to administer without Fee or Reward); and if the Party or Parties accused shall be

convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or upon such Information as

aforesaid, he, (he, or they so convicted, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding ten Shillings for the

first Time of offending, the Sum of twenty Shillings for the second Time of offending, and the Sum of

forty Shillings for the third and every other Time of offending ; one Moiety whereof (nail go to the In-

former, and the other Moiety to the said Commissioners, to be disposed of for the Purposes of this Act.

XV. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or

king Drain* into more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, under their respective Hands, under such

the common Restrictions as to them from time to time shall seem meet, to give Liberty and Licence to all or any of the

Occupiers of Houses and Buildings within the aforesaid Part of the said Town, or their respective Work-

men, to make any Soughs or Drains under Ground from their respective Houses and Buildings, or any

Part or Parts thereof, 4nto and through the aforesaid Streets and public Passages, or any Part of the fame,

to and into any common Sewer to be made therein by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, and to lay

therein the necessary Materials for the doing such Work, and the Rubbish arising from the same; and no

Person or Persons acting under such Licence, and agreeable thereto, shall be subject or liable to any of tha

Penalties contained in this Act.

Sign*, 8tc. to be XVI. And be it further enacted. That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall cause

legated. a]j Signs to be fixed or placed on the Fronts of the Houses where to the fame shall respectively belong ; and

shall and may, within six Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, cause all Sign-irons, Posts,

and Boards, Penthouses, Porches, Cellar-holes, and Steps, or other Things occasioning any Obstruction,

Projection, or Annoyance in the said Streets and public Passages, to be removed or altered, in such Man-

ner as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think most proper and convenient: And

if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time after the End of the said six Calendar Months, hang, place,

ered, build, or make, any Sign, Sign-iron, Poss, or Board, Penthouse, Porch, Cellar-hole, or Steps, or

other Thing, or cause the fame to be done, in any other Manner than as aforesaid, every Person so offend-

ing shall, for each and every Week he shall permit the fame to remain so hung, placed, erected, built, or

made, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be desirous,

within the Time aforesaid, at his or their own Colts and Charges, to remove or alter any such Sign, Sign-

iron, Post, or Board, Penthouse, Porch, Cellar-hole, or Steps, or other Thing occasioning any Obstruc-

tion, Projedion, or Annoyance in the said Streets and public Passages, as before directed; that then, and

in such Cafe, all Materials unused after the Alterations thereto made, shall he the Property of the Person

or Persons so making or doing thereof: But if the fame Alterations, or any Part thereof, shall be made or

done at the Expence of the said Commissioners, then, if any or any Part of any such Sign, Sign-iron,

Post, or Board, Penthouse, Porch, Cellar-hole, or Steps, or other Thing, shall remain unused after the

Alteration made thereto, as before directed, the lame shall be the Property, and is hereby vested in the said

Commissioners, for the Purposes of this Act.

Spouts to be XVIII. And be it further enacted. That all Spouts and Gutters belonging to, and which convey Water

bo ught down by from the Tops of the Houses, Warchoulcs, Shops, or other Buildings, dircdly into the Streets and public

ihe Fronts of Passages within the aforesaid Part of the said Town, shall, within six Calendar Months after the patting of

this Act, be removed, and the Water shall be conveyed by Pipes to be brought down by the Sides or Fronts

of such Houses, Warehouses, Shops, or other Buildings, into some underground Sewer, Cistern, or Re-

fervoir, or to the Ground, at the Costs and Charges of the respective Owners or Occupiers thereof: And

in case the fame Hull not be done within the Time aforesaid, the Owner or Occupier of every such House,

Warehouie,

Offender* to

forfeit aos,

Owners way

remove their

Signs, Sec, at

their own Ex-

fence.

the Houses.

