44

C. 12. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

and for the Use of the Informer or Informers; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof not-

withstanding.

Power to adml- LXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where Cognizance is given to any Justice or Justices

nifter Oathi. of the Peace by this Act, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to administer an Oath to any Person,

for his or their more certain Information in the Matters then depending.

Justices may »a LXIIL And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice or Justices of the

although Com- Peace for the County of Middlesex, or for any Justice or Justices for the Liberties of his Majesty’s Tower cf

jruilioners. London, although such Tuftices shall be Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, to hear and determine

any Offences arifin^or they canno*Jurisdictions, which are made punishable by virtue of this

Act. .i to

c'omrriPionpra LXIV. And ' rafted, That the said Commissioners shall, at all their Meetings under this

10 pay their own Act, pay and * * , their own Expences.

Expence#. LXV. iu.a uC it further enacted. That where any Distrcfs shall be made for any Sum or Sums

Distress notun. of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party

lawful for want or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of

•1 orm. Form in any Proceedings relating thereto 5 nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser

or.Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be hereafter done by the Party or Par-

ties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, may recover tull Satisfaction for

the Special Damage in an Action on the Cale.

Plaintiff not to LX VI. Provided always, That no Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such Irregularity, Tref-

rrcover if Ten* pass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of suficient Amends shall be made by, or on the Behalf of the Party

dcrof Araendi or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such Irregularity, Trespafs, or

fee made, wrongful Proceeding, before such Action brought; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action,

determined by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, may, at any Time before Iffuc joined, pay into the

Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall think fit; whereupon such Proceedings, or Orders, and

Judgements, shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions, where the Defen-

dant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Writings to be LXVII. And be it further enacted. That no Nomination, Contraft, Bond, Warrant, Judgement, or

without Stamp*, other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by any Com-

miftioner, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or under the Hand and Seal, or

Hands and Seals of, or only signed by, any other Person or Persons whomsoever, relating to the Execution

of this Act, shall be chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

Orders, Ac. to LXVIII. And be it further enacted. That the Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners, or any

be entered in of them, at all their Meetings, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and such Or-

Book*. ders an(j Proceedings, so entered, shall be signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and such Orders

and Proceedings so signed shall be deemed to be Originals; which said Book and Books shall and may be

produced and read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

Appeals may be LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if any Person or Persons shall think himself*

made to the herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons shall

Quarter SeiEocs. and may, within three Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall arise, appeal to the Justices of the

Peace at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the County of Middlesex, or Li-

berty of his Majesty’s Tovjer of London, such Appellant or Appellants first giving, or causing to be given*

Notice in Writing, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or causes there-

of, to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, and within one Month next after such Notice,

entering into a Recognizance or Recognizances before some Justice of the Peace in and for the said County

or Liberty, with two suficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal mentioned in such Notice, and

abide the Order, and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the said Justices; and the Matter of such Ap-

peal shall be heard and determined by the said Justices, at the next General Sections of the Peace to be held

in and for the said County or Liberty, or any Adjournment thereof, or at any Adjournment of the then,

last General Sessions of the Peace in and for the said County or Liberty, which shall first happen next after

the Expiration of one Month from the Day of giving such Notice ; and the said Justices, at such Sessions

or Adjournment, upon due Proof of such Notice Deing given, and of the entering into such Recognizance

or Recognizances, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matter of such Appeal in a summary

Way, and award such Costs for the Appellant or Appellants, or Respondent or Respondents, as they the

said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Justices shall be final, binding, and corx-

elusive, to and upon all Parties concerned or interested therein.

Justice* to LXX. Provided always, That upon all Appeals from any of the Rates or Assessments to be made or

amend Rates imposed by the Authority of this Act, the Justices of the Peace, where they shall fee just Cause of Relief*

appealed against shall and are hereby impowered to amend the fame Rates and Assessments, in such Manner only as shall be

w thoui altering necessary for giving Relief to the Person or Persons so appealing, without altering such Rates or Affsllments

tiieoiher Rate*, respCft to any other Persons mentioned in the fame.

Proceedings not LXXI. And be it further enacted. That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any

10 be quaked for Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or any other Matter or Thing to be done or

W.U11 oi Form, transacted, in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quaffed for want of Form, or be

Nor removed by removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majestys Courts of Re-

Ctuuuci. ‘ cord at IVejhninJier -y any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding,

LXXU. And

