A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 19. 99

XCI. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after Payment made for the Lands and After Payment,

Hereditaments so to be purchasevi as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Committee to enter Cemn ittee

upon the Premises so to be purchased, and every Part thereof* and to convert the fame to be used as a Alar-

r J J cunvsrf »he Prs-

ket as storelurd. n i.jto*

XCII. Provided always, and be it cnnfted by the Authority aforcf/id, That if any person or Perform, '.lAlcrl °

l>ody or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, shall be applied to by or on Behalf of the said Commit- j, |»,rr ncM

iioners, or the said Chancellor, Matters, and Scholars, and the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, to ic.

treat for, fell, dispose of, or convey, lor any of the Purposes aforesaid, any Part or Parts of any House, "»' mr ary

Warehouse, Yard, or Ground, in the actual (Occupation of one Tenant, or of several Tenants, and the of *!'^ fJ', TP ,lS

PerLn or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, so applied to, shall, by Notice in°J^'sr^* lhe

'Writing to be left at the Office of the respective Clerks, within fourteen Days next alter such Application, 0 7; !? the cvri-

signify h'S her, or their Inclination or Desire to treat for, fell, dispole of, and convey the whole of fuel) triffuners, ,vc.

H ouie, Warehouse, Yard, or Ground; then, and in every such Cafe, the whole of every fu eh Hou fe,to {u-chaie the

Warehouse, Yard, or Ground, shall be deemed, taken, and held to be necessary to be purchased for effect- *hoic*

ng the Purposes of this Act: And if it (lull happen that the said Commissioners, or the said Chancellor,

JW.tilers, and Scholars, and the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or their Committees, shall not

think proper or be willing to purchase the whole of such House, Warehouse, Yard, or Ground; then, and

in every such Cafe, nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to compel the

Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, to treat for, fell, dispose of, or convey any Part of

such House, Warehouse, Yard, or Ground; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in

any wise notwithstanding.

XCUI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may beCommiffimwi

lawful to and for the Lid Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, at any Meeting, or the far’d Chan-

eftior. Mailers, and Scholars, and the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or any Person or Persons,pus aildi* u

in whom any House or Ground Hull be vetted by virtue of this Act, to let, fell, or disposeof so much or

furh Parts thereof as shall not be necessary for the opening or widening of any of the said Streets, Lanes,

Ways, PdlLges, or Places, or for and towards the erecting, establishing, and holding such new Market

as aiorclaid, to any Person or Persons, to and for such Use or Uses as they shall think proper, giving Pre-

ference 10 the Person or Persons of whom the fame shall have been purchased, and to his, her, or their Heirs,

Executors, and Administrators.

4 XCi V. And, for raising a Sum of Money sufficient for the Payment of the Purchase of such Lands and Powers of mi sing

I Jeieditaments, and other the Purposes of this Act,’ Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, not°Jx*

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee, or any seven or more of them, and they are (ceding 50001.

hereby authorised and impowered to raise, borrow, take, and receive of and from any Person or Persons

whomf ;ever, or any Body or Bodies Corporate or Politic whatsoever, w ho are willing to lend and advance

the lame, any Sum or Sums of Money,’ not exceeding in the whole the Sum of five thousand Pounds, for

the Payment of such Purchase-money, and for such other Purposes as are herein before and herein after

mentioned, and to set up and build all such Sheds, Stands, Stalls, and such other Erections as shall he

found necessary for constituting the said Market; or, if it shall be found to be more convenient and bench- or t>y granting

cial to let out such Grounds upon a Building Lease or Leases for the Purposes aforesaid, it shall and may be Bj, Jd,ns

lawful for the said University or City, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to set and let out such

Ground for the best Rent that can be gotten for the fame, payable quarterly, at or upon the four most usual

Leads or Days of Payment in the Year, upon a Lease or Leases, for any Term or Terms not exceeding

sixty-onc Years, to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to contract for and take the fame, with

proper Covenants binding him or them to build and set up all necessary Erections thereupon for converting

the lame into a Market as aforesaid; or, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to con-

tribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the said Committee, or any seven or more of them, or such

Person or Persons as they shall appoint, for the Uses before mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money not

exceeding in the whole the Sum ol five thousand Pounds, for the absolute Purchase of one or more* Annuity

or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the full Term of the natural Life cf such Contributors respec-

live iv, or the natural Life of such other Persons as shall be nominated, by and on the Behalf of such respec-

tive Contributors, at the Time of Payment of their respective Contribution-monies; which Annuity or

Annuities shall not exceed the Rate ol eight Pounds per Centum per Annum for every one hundred Pounds,

ar.J lo m proportion for any greater or less Sum to be advanced and paid as aforesaid; w’hich Annuities shall

be p-yat !c and paid in such Place in the said University or City as the said Committee, or any seven or

more ol them, shall for that Purpofcappoint, by four equal quarterly Payments, the fiitt Payment to b gin

and-be n.ade to the respective Purchasers and their Assigns, at the Expiration of the first Quarter of a Year

after Payment of their respective Purchase-monies; which Annuities shall be publickly loid by the said

Com mitter, or any leven or more of them.

XCV. And it is hereby enacted, That there shall he provided by the said Committee a Book or Books, Hoots ro hr pr*.

in v. h.vh shall be lairly written in Words at Length the Names and Surnames, with the proper Additions v/ld’

ai.d PLccs of Abode, of all such Persons who (lull be Proprietors of any of the Annuities aforesaid; and of T

ad Pc* fun? by wh<fc Hands the said Pure ha firs shall pay in any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit or

tr s A*.!; and aBo the Sum fn paid for the Purchase of such Annuities, and the respective Da\sol Payment

Chert or; to which Book and Books it shall be lawful for the said respective Purchasers and thrir Assigns,

ard lo and for my Person or Persons liable to the Payment of Rates and A 111 Aments in the said Parish, at

att icalouaulc Times, to have Reeourlc and infpcct the fame without Fee or Rcwaid.

O 2 XCVI. And

