A.D. 1772, Anno duodecimo Georgii III, C. 1P. 373

required to grant, to authorise and dtreft the said Collector or Collectors to levy such Ratdor Monies

so in Arrear, together with the Coftt and Charges attending the fame, to be ascertained by such Juf-

tice or Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and/Chattels of every such Person and Persons so

in Arrear, and negbfting or refu&ng to pay as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the

Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels on Demand thereof being made by such Owner or

Owners.

XXIX. And be ft further enacted, That when any Person or Persons shall come into and occupy any *

House, Building, or other Premises aforesaid, within the said Town and Parish, out of or from which *c* t#

any other Person assessed towards Payment of any Rate or Assessment made by virtue of this Act shall perf0*s reJ

hr.ve removed, every person so removing from, and every Person so coining into, or occupying such Pre- in( fom, and

cnifes, shall be liable to pay such Rate or Assessment in Proportion to' the Time each Person occupied the ky those *ho

fame respectively$ and in case any Person shall quit his or her House, Building, or other Premises afore- 0<«ry.the

said, before he or she shall have paid any Rate or proportionable Part thereof by him or her due and

Eayable, and shall afterwards refuse or neglect to pay the fame when demanded, it shall and may be

iwful to and for the Collector or Collectors, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals

of any One or more Justice or Justices of the reace for the County or Place wherein such Person shall

then reside or he found, (which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby required to grant,

upon due Proof thereof made before him or them upon Oath), to levy such Rate or proportional Part

thereof by Distress and Sale of such Persons Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any be)

on Demand, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels have been (o didrained and fold, after all Charges

paid.

XXX. And be it farther enacted, That for the Purposes of this Act, the Churchwardens of the Cfc«rAw»Tde«t

Town and Parish of CJiatbam for the Time being, and the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of ^JPeor £^4

Chatham for the Time being, shall be deemed the Owners and Occupiers of the said Poor-house for the Occupiers

said Parish of Chatham, and of every Poor-house and Building hereafter to be erected for the said Town Poor-house.

and Parish ; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, in the said Rate or Af- Peuilty tbcas

feflment so to be made by them as aforesaid, to rate and assess the said Churchwardens of the said Parish pr

jof Chatham for the Time being to pay the annual Sum of Five Pounds 5 and the said Overseers for the j2ic£n

Time beingfor the said Poor house, to pay the annual Sum of Five Pounds for repairing and keeping in Re-

pair the Pavement before the said Poor-house; and if any or either of such Persons so to be rated or af-

iefied shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame for the Space of Twenty Days next after Demand made

thereof, by Notice in Writing under the Hand of the said Collector or Collectors, to be delivered to

or left at the respective Dwelling-tioufes of him or them so neglecting or refusing, the Rate or AffeflT-

ment so neglected or refused to be paid shall and may be levied on the Person or Persons hereby directed

to be rated or assessed for the fame, by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods or Chattels, by Warrant

under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the Western Division

of the said County of Kent, (which Warrant the said Justices are hereby authorised and required to

grant, upon Information on Oath of such Neglect or Refusal; which Oath such Justices are hereby ifn-

Eowered and required to administer), returning the Overplus {if any be) to the Owner or Owners, on

)emand, after all Charges paid.

XXXI. Provided always, That no Person shall be rated, or pay to the Rates or Assessments which S*emptk»ifr«n

AaH be made by virtue of this Act. upon account of any Gardens, Garden-ground, Arable, Meadow, kemgntsa.

t>r Pasture-ground, or for any houset out of the Town of Chatham, or for any Farms or Lands used,

held, or occupied within the said Town and Parish, except the Dwelling-houses of such Farmers as are

situate in the High Street or Lanes of the said Parish; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary not-

withstanding.

4 XXXII. And whereas several Drains, Ceflpools, Water-courses, and Sewers, situate in the Temnttnted to

4 said High Street of Chatham, and also several Parts of the Pavement of the said High Street, are main- the Pavemcat* to

4 tained, paved, repaired, and made good by the Surveyors of the Highways of the said Parish of

4 Chatham, at a large annual Expence: And whereas it is intended that the Monies arising from, or to iJtyor*Comp^»

4 be borrowed on the Credit of the said Rate or Assessment, shall be appropriated to the repairing, fiiioA-mcocy,

4 paving, and keeping in Repair, such parochial Drains, Ceflpools, Watercourses. and Pavements,

4 situate in the High street aforesaid, whereby the said Parish will be relieved and discharged from

4 a very great annual Burthen and Expence £ be it therefore enacted. That when and so often as any 1

Owner or Owners, Tenant or Tenants* inhabitant or Inhabitants, of any House, Shop, Ware-

house, or other Tenements or Hereditaments within the said High Street, and the Lanes adjoining and

leading into the High Street of the said Town and Parish of Chatham, shall be rated or assessed

to the paving, or repairing and keeping in Repair the Pavements belonging to the said Town and

Parish, to repave and keep in Repair, or to the cfeanfifig and lighting of the said High Street, and the

Lanes next adjoining to the said High Street of the said Parish of Chatham, all and every such Owner

or Owners, Tenant or Tenants, Inhabitant or Inhabitants, shall be, and they are hereby discharged

and exempted from any Duty or Labour, or airy Corrvposition-money in lieu of Labour, and from the

Payment of any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, that shall be made or demanded for the Re-

pair of the Highways within the said Town and Parish of Chatham ; any Law, Usage, or Custom, to

the Contrary 11 otwitJh (landing.

XXXIII. Provided always. That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to ex- W*®J*’

wufe any Person or Persons keeping any Team, Draught, or Plough, from the Statute or Highway1 Jon,

ulay or Labour, or Com^ofition-money. Jc!

XXXIV. from StatuM-

4uiy.

t5y

