50a C. 40.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1772.

Where the

Church-yard

Ihili be made*

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any

Nine or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to cause a Coemetery or Church-

yard, or Ccerrieteries or Church-yards, to be taken in and inclosed from a certain Piece or Parcel of

Ground belonging to the said Henry William Portman, now in Lease to the said JVBliam Baker, situate*

lying, and being in the said Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, heretofore Part or Parcel of a certain Close*

called Spring Pond Fields containing in Length, from North to South, on the Weft Side thereof, Four

hundred and ninety-six Feet of Assize, little more or less ; and in Breadth, from East to Weft, in a

fcevil Line on the North Side thereof, One hundred and seventy-eight Feet, Ten Inches of Assize, little

more or less 5 and in Breadth from Weft to East, at the South End or Side thereof, One hundred and

Fifty-six Feet of Assize, little more or less ; and in Length on the East Side thereof, from the South

East Corner of the said Ground to a Break, One hundred and Four Feet, Six Inches of Assize, little

more or less; and then running Northward from the said Break Five Feet or thereabouts, and from

the said Break running Northward on the said East Side to another Break, One-hundred and twenty-

five Feet Two Inches of Assize, little more or less * and then in the said Break running Westward*

One Foot Three Inches and an-Half, or therebouts; and from the last-mentioned Break running

Northward, on the said East Side of the said Ground Forty-six Feet Two Inches, or thereabouts j and

then breaking outward, toward the East, One Foot Two Inches and an Half, or thereabouts ; and

from thence running Northward, on the East Side of the said Ground, One hundred Thirty-six Feet

Eight Inches of Assize, little more or less ; any Restriction with Regard to Place or Situation in the

said Act contained to the Contrary notwirhstanding.

IV. Provided always, and bejt enacted, That in taking in and inclosing the said Ccemetery or

A publickHigh- IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, I bat in , o

waybe set out Church-yard, or Ccemeteries or Church-yards, there shall be left a publick Highway, for ever, from

through the

Church-yard,

fcc.

caving,

Mannei

.JPowerofthe

Minister v> ap

point Two af-

Minister toap

point One or

'Two assistant

Muuilcit,

the End of a Street called Paddington Street, into, over, and through the said Coemetery or Church-

yard, or Coemcteries or Church-yards, in a straight Line, of the Breadth of the said Street, at the

North Weft End of the said Street next to the said Ground \ and that the said Highway shall not be

flopped up or inclosed at either End thereof, otherwise than by Rails and open Swing Gates, to be set

up and continued by and at the foie Charge of the said Trustees ; and that the said Highway shall al-

ways be paved and repaired, lighted, and cleansed, by and at the Expence of the Commissioners for

w, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the said Parish o$ Saint Mary le Bone, in the fame and like

anneras the Scjuares, Streets, Lanes, and Places, within the said Parish, are and ought to be paved

and repaired, lighted and cleansed.

V. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act as directs the Minister of the said Parish

to appoint Two Assistance Ministers or Preachers to officiate in the new-intended Church, and in the

lUbmt prcacheri Pre^ent Church of the said Parish, by the said Act directed to be called The Parish Chapel^ by and with

^repealed. the Consent, and the Stipends therein mentioned, shall be repealed.

VI. And be it further enacted. That the‘Minifter of the said Parish for the Time being shall and

may, by and with the Consent Of the Lord of the Manor of Saint Mary le Bone, and of the Patron of

the Curacy thereof, and of the Vestrymen of the said Parish, as in the.said Act mentioned, nominate

and appoint One or Two assistant Minister or Ministers, in Pi lefts Orders, and residing in the said

v Parish, to assist the Minister of the said Parish in the Church and Chapel belonging to the said Parish;

and that it shall and’may be lawful to and for the- said^Trustees, and they are hereby directed and re-

•quired to pay, or cause to be paid, to the assistant Minister officiating in the said Chapel of the said

Parish the annual Sum of Sixty Pounds out of any of the Profits arising fPom the said Chapel and

Chapel-yard, by Four Quarterly Payments, in equal Portions ; the First Payment to be accounted

due and payable on the Day that the First Quarter of One Year expires after such his Nomination

and Appointment : And that, in case the Minister of the said Parish for the Time being shall pay, or

cause to be paid, to the assistant Minister officiating in the Parish Church of the said Parish the annual

Sum of Sixty Pounds ; that then, and in that Cafe, and for so long Time as* the Minister of the said

Parish shall continue to pay to fuc h assistant Minister, officiating in the said Parish Church, the said an-

nual Sum of Sixty Pounds, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby

I authorised and impowered to pay, or cause to be paid, to such assistant Minister, the further and ad-

ditional annual Sum of Forty Pounds, out of any of the Profits arising from the said Church, and Cce-

•metery or Church-yard, by Four Quarterly Payments, in equal Portions : And the said Assistance Mi-

nifter or Ministers shall be removeable, in the fttme Manner as the Two assistant Ministers or Preachers

may be removed by virtue of the said Act.

ffroceeaif*# Hull VII. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings of the said Trustees, either under the said for-

not be valid till mer or this Act, shall be ckemetj valid, until the fame shall have been confirmed and approved of at a

^wrirMeetine* Second or subsequent Meeting of the faidTrustees, and shall have been signed by the Chairman of such

n cc ,ng* Second or subsequent Meeting.

Vill. And be it further enailed, That when the whole Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, directed to be

raised by Annuities by the said former Act, shall have been raised; that then, and as often as any An-

nuitant or Nominee for any Annuity shall die, it shall and may be lawful to and for the (hid Trustees*

or any Nine or more of them, to make a Grantor Sale of any other Annuity or Annuities for the Piir-

poses of the said former or this Act.

Mincy owing at r

One T *ne on

Cre.'it ol Annui-

ties, noi to ex- l A P. , ,

<xed 10,0001. of 1 en thou land rounds,

X. And

Trustees to grant

Annuity.

IX. Provided nevertheless, That the whole Money owing at any One Time, bn the Credit of the

munities granted, or to be granted, by virtue of the said Former or this Act, shall not excfced'the Sum

