-io8 C. 21.

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

A. !>. i77Tr

> p ud their

Charges by the

C'>rrrp.«iy to

whom ti.ey

belong.

No Alteration 10

he made In the-

Pav-ment with-

out C >rr.mi

Pipe or Pipes Jo or doth belong, {hall make Satisfaction to the Pavior who so took up such Pavement and

opened such Ground, for such Work : And in case the Pavior to whom such Notices shall be so given to

take up such Pavement, and open such Ground, shall neglect or refuse to do the fame within the said two

Days after such Notice given, he shall, for the first Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings;

and for the second Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings; and for the third, and every other Offence, the

Sum of three Pounds : And in case the Pavior of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes so broke or

burst shall belong, shall neglect to repair and amend the fame, and fill in the Ground so taken up, for the

Space of two Days next after such Notice given ; or shall neglect to give Notice to the Pavior or Paviors

contracting with the said Commissioners, or to the Surveyor to the find Commissioners, or to such Persons

ns afore said ; such Pavior shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings ; for the second

Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings ; and for the third, and every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds:

And if the Person or Persons contracting with the said Commissioners to relay such Pavement, so broke or

taken up for the Reasons aforesaid, shall neglect: or refuse to relay such Pavement, in a good, sufficientr

r.nd effectual Manner, within two Days after Notice given to him as aforesaid; or if the Surveyoror other

Person to whom such Notice shall be given, {hall neglect to acquaint the Pavior or Contractor of such No*

ti e ; then, and in every such Cafe, the Person or Persons so offending {hall, for the first Offence, forfeit

the Sum of twenty Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings ; and for the third, and

every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds.

Paviors to w.i- XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Persons now

Tv^Nolkc to l° aPP°‘nrc^ Paviors to the several and respective Water Companies, who shall have any Pipe or Pipes laid in,

thcVirmor through, or under any of the Streets, Lanes, or Places within the District comprised »n this Act, ftiali, and

&c. of their * each such Person is hereby required, within fourteen Days next after the passing of this Act, and each such

Names and Pavior hereafter to be appointed as aforesaid is hereby required within the Space of three Days next after he

Abode. shall be appointed Pavior to any such Company, to give Notice in Writing to the Surveyor or Clerk so*

the time being to the said Commissioners, of their the said Paviors respective Names and Places of Abode,

and to what Company they are respectively Paviors : And in case any such Pavior shall neglect or refuse to

give such Notice as is above required, he shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings; and also the like Sum

of twenty Shillings every Time he shall remove from such Place of Abode, and omit to give the like Notice

within two Days after every such Removal.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall make, or

cause to be made, any Alteration in the Form of the Pavement or Pavements of the said Streets, Lanes, or

ilion- PIaces> within the District aforesaid, or of any Part thereof, without the Consent or Direction of the said

Commissioners, or any five or more of them, under their Hands and Seals, upon Pain of forfeiting, for

every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds, over and above all Expences incurred, or to be incurred, in

reinstating the fame.

XXIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall andjnay be lawful to and for

the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to direct and cause theCourfe of

any Gutter or Channel, running in or through the said Streets, Lanes, or Places, within the said District,

or any of them, to be turned or altered in such Manner as they shall think proper; and to direct the Grates

already placed, or hereafter to be placed, over any Sewers, to be removed and replaced in such Manner,

and at such Place and Places, as they shall think raoft proper; so as the fame be not detrimental or preju-

dicial to the public Sewers, and be from time to time done at the Expence of the said Commissioners, and

paid for out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act •, any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary not*

withstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often a* there shall be

Occasion to make new or additional Grates over any Sewer or Sewers within the said District, or to repair,

alter, cleanse, or amend any of the said Sewers, or the Grates over the fame, the Clerk for the time being

of the Commissioners for the said Sewers shall, at the Request in Writing of the Surveyor for the said Com*

missioners of Pavement, or other Person or Persons authocifed by them for that Purpose, forthwith summons

the said Commissioners of Sewers to meet, in order to take the Premises under Confederation, which they

are hereby authorised and required to do, at such Meeting ; and also at the fame Meeting, or any adjourned

or other Meeting, to excrcite the several Powers and Authorities with which they dre invested, in order

that the said several Works may be speedily and effectually done, completed, and fcnished.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall

throw, caff, or lay, or cause or permit or sufferto be thrown, cast, or laid, any Ashes, Dust, Dirt, Soil*

or other Filth whatsoever, before his, her, or their Dwelling-house, Shop, Stable, Wall, or other Build-

ing in the said District, or in any of the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, PalLges, or Places within the District

comprised in this Act; but shall keep, or cause the fame to be kept* in their respective Houses or Yards,

until fu:h Time as the Person or Persons contracted with or employed to carry away such Ashes, Dust,

Dirt, Filth, or Soil, do come by or near their Houses, Doors, or Places where they dwell, with a Cart or

Caits, or other Conveniency, for carrying away the fame; upon Pain of forfeiting, for the first Offence,

the Sum of twenty Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings: and for the third, and

every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the second Monday

next after the passing of this Act, if any Timber, Stones, or other Materials, Goods, Merchandise, or

Streets, Set. by other Things whatsoever, are set out, placed, or lard in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages,

o*be ,m~ or ^ares> or District aforesaid, so as toobftruft the free Passage thereof v or if any Coach or other Carnage

er, or oc.er (except Hackney Coaches, which shall and may (land in such Part or Parts of the said Streets, Lanes, or

Place*

«rs Consent.

CoMrP: of Gut1

\cn may be

turned.

*n<t Gntef

altered,

V’hrr? it /Nall be

fKcefLiv to

nakenew

tl ates, or repair

o*d one% N< tice

to be j’ivi'n to

Corner-ilk one: a

<>f Severs, See.

Penalty of laying

/i Cn <■, k*c. in

tiit Sutvis.

Penalty on ob-

/Inkling the

MiteuaJj.

le

