564 C; 66.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III,

A.D. 1772;

Spencer of Kidderminster, Benjamin Cottrell, Benjamin Lea, Samuel Lea, Ingram, Francis Lea, Samel

Read) the Reverend Thomas Wiggan Clerk, William Watson, Ralph Powell, Henry Darby, Hintonf

Cnrnmiftioneri

•o.uli uted a

tJourt of isc-

quelb.

For Want of

Patrick, George Halien, Abraham Thomas, John Pear fall, John A don, Henry Pirrins, Alatthnv Thomas,

Jiff trey Jolly, Thomas Fry, William Banks, Francis Hornblower, John Broom junior, Joseph Broom, &7-

Crane, Edward Griffiths, John Griffiths, jWw Richardjon, John Stringer, Thomas RichardJ'on, j'/r/iA

Orton, Thomas Junes, Serjeant Hornblower, Benjamin Han bury, William Hornblower, Richard Colley ju-

nior, Alexander Patrick, Jacob Eflhope, John Ycarfley, Samuel Talbot, Thomas Beck, Edward Bellamy, Sa-

muel Hill, Nicholas Penn, John Sicynor junior, Henry Penn, Richard Bar ford, Samuel Southall, Samuel

Evans, John PearJ'all junior, Henry Alatthews Clerk, Wallis, James Wynde, Hull be, ard arc here-

by declared, conitituted, and appointed Commissioncis, to hear and determine all such causes and Mat-

ters of Debt, to be brought before them, as are herein-after mentioned; and such Commissioners and

their Successors shall be, and are hereby consticuted a Court of justice, by the Name and Style of The

Court of Requejls for the Borough and Foreign of Kidder mi. iter, in the Parish of Kidderminster, and 1 hr

County of W or celled; and they the said Conirmfitoners, or any Three or more of them, shall have Power

and Authority, and are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, to meet and afllrruble Once in'

every Fortnight; that is to say, On Turf day, or oftener, if there shall be Occasion,. and hold the hud*

Court in the Guildhall of the Borough of Kidder miidler aforesaid, or fotnc other convenient Place lobe

approved and fixed on by the major Part of the said Commissioners, who shall be ailembled at iome Ge-

neral Meeting to be held for that Purpose; the First of which said Meetings shall be on the Tuejdoy

Month next after the passing of this Abh

II. Provided always, 7'hat in case Three or more of the said Commissioners, appointed or to be ap-

fccr oAdommiiii- P0’nte^ by virtue of this Abf, shall neglect or refuse to alienable on any of the Days appointed fur hold-

onemoatt, ing the said Court, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk of the said Court herein-*

Co.. 11 to be ad- after named for the Time being, or his Deputy, to adjourn the said Court to some other convenient

joumed to ano- Day, within One Week from the Day on which the said Court ought to have been held, or to the

the* Day. next General Court Day to be held by virtue of this Abh

On. Death, &c. III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from Time to Time, and as often a3

ot Coro minion- it shall be necessary, either by the Death of any of the said Commissioners herein-before particularly

ebofcn^ertt0 * name<^ or any of their SuccdTbrs, to l e chosen in Manner herein-after mentioned, or by his or t.ieir

c :>cn’ refusing cr neglecting, for the Space of One whole Year, to abt herein, it shall and may be lawful to

and for the said Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Successors, or any Nine or more of them,

to meet and alienable together, at any Time after such Death, Refusal, or NeglebI to ail, and toelcft

' and appoint One or more Person or Persons residing within the said Parish, or having Estate there, to

be a C-ommissioner or Commissioners, in the Stead and Place of such Commissioner or Comini Hi »ner$

dying, refusing, or neglecting to ad ; and every such Commissioner and Commissioners, so elected

and appointed, shall be, and is and are hereby enabled to ail in the Execution of the Powers granted

to the Commissioners hereby appointed, as fully and eftebtually* to all Intents and Purposes, as if he or

they had been particularly named in this Abh

IV. Provided always. That before any such Eleblion shall be made, Twenty-one Days Notice, in

Writing shall be given by the Clerk of the said Court, by affixing the fame on the Town Hall, and

on the Door of the Parish Church of Kidderminster aforesaid.

c V. And, for the more orderly and regular Proceeding in the aforesaid Court, and to make the Business

‘ thereof as easy as may be to the said Commissioners,5 be it further enacted by the Authority aforelbid*.

That the Clerk of the said Court for the Time being shall, and is hereby authorised and required, to

raonci to attend cause the first Nine of the said Commissioners, as they stand in Order in this Abt, residing within the

the Courtevery parish, to be summoned by the Beadle of the said Court to attend and do the Business of the fa d

'I wo Months. Court, for Two Calendar Months then next following ; and after the Expiration thereof, (hailaufs

the like Number of Commissioners, residing within the said Parish, as they stand next to the former in

, O rder and Rotation, to do the like Duty ior the Two then next succeeding Calendar Months, till the

whole Number of Commissioners, lelident as aforesaid, shall have been summoned ; and fha!) then be-

gin again, and continue to summon Nine Commissioners every Two Calendar Months, in like Rota-

tion, in all succeeding Times, so as the said Commissioners may take upon themselves, in Rotation,

the Execution of this Abh

Convmissioners, VL Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or he construed to extend, toex-

a’.ihcugh not in elude or deb^r any of the said Commissioners from fitting in the said Court, although they be not in

Rotation, or summoned as aforesaid ; but that all such Commissioners shall and may, as often as they

reflectively shall think fit, fit and give Judgment therein.

V II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissior.ers so named and appointed,

and their Successors, to be chosen in Manner herein-before mentioned, or any Three or more of them,

from Time to Tune assembled as aforesaid, shall have Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to

hear and determine all such causes and Matters of Debt as shall be brought before mem, in Manner25

hereafter mentioned ; and to give such Judgments, and to make such interlocutory and final Ordtr> and

Decrees therein, and to award such Execution thereupon, with Colts, both against the Bodies 2nd the

feoods and Chattels cf all and every the Person and Persons against whom they shall give or make any

such

Proviso*

The First Nine

Ci mm.tin?neis,

aijd io in Rota-

tion, to be sum-

mon^d, may lit

in Coutt.

Their Power.

