A.D. 1772/ Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 61. 547

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act Nothin hetf/in

contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Powder Mills at this Time erected in the J^*"*

Parishes -of Battle, Crowburjif, Seddelfcomby and Brede, in the County of SaJ/ix% so far as relates to the Croi^soi*

making such fine Fowling Gunpowder only, as is known and distinguished by the Name of Battle

'Pxvier. ' Brede.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Petfon or Persons whatsoever Notrxceetof

shall dry or cause to be dried, at any One Time, in any One Stove or Place, used for the drying of 40 to t*

Gunpowder, any Quantity of Gunpowder exceeding Forty hundred Weight, upon Pain of forfeiting dr?ed at

all Gunpowder above the said Quantity of Forty hundred Weight, and the Sum of Two Shillings forTimCf

every Pound of such Gunpowder.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any Per- Hogreater

son or Persons whatlocver to keep in any Curning-house, Drying-house, Dufting-house, or other Place, Quantity tb«a

used for or in the making of Gunpowder, or in any Building adjoining or belonging thereto, (except nccdTtry for im-

Magazines or Store-houlcs constructed with Stone or Brick, and situate Fifty Yards at lead from the |”e?,rc -Use

Gunpowder Mill or Mills), any greater Quantity of Gunpowder than shall be necessary for the imme- (WjM-kouf"!

diate Work then carrying on jn such Corning house, Drying-house, Dufting-house, or other Place

used for or in the making of Gunpowder, upon Pain of so; feicing all the Gunpowder kept above such

nccefiary Quantity, and the Sum of Two Shillings for every Pound of Inch Gunpowder.

VIJ1. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Per son or Persons, stt(Rcjent

keeping or using any Mill or Mills, or other Engine or Engines, for the making of Gunpowder, shall. remote

hefides the Magazine or Magazines, and Storehouses, near their Mills, have or provide a good and f»om the Mill#,

sufficienc Magazine or Magazines, remote from their respective Mills, for the Purpose of receiving and tz be provided j

safe-ke.ping all the Gunpowder made at such Mill or Mills, as soon as the fame can, from Time to

Time, be conveniently removed thereto, (which last-mentioned Magazine or Magazines shall be well,

and substantially built with Brick or btone, near the River Thames, and b.low Blackwally or in on Peni,>rcf

some other convenient Place to be licensed by the Justices of the Peace, in Manner herein-after men-

tioned), upon Pain that all and every Person or Persons making Gunpowder, without having such Ma-

tazine or Magazinei remote from their Mills, or other Places of making Gunpowder, shall forfeit the gazine (hallbt

um of Twenty-five Pounds for every Month during which such Person or Persons shall make Gun- wanting,

powder without having such Magazine or Magazines, and the Sum of Five Pounds for every Day during

which he, fhc, or they (not being hindred by Stress of Weather, or other just Impediment) shall wil-

fully neglect or delay removing, with due Diligence, the Gunpowder made at such Mill or Mills,

from thence, or from the Magazine or Magazines, and Storchouses adjoining thereto, to the Magazine

or Magazines so to be situate remote from the Mill.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Maker or Ma- f

kers of Gunpowder shall be liable to any Prosecution under this Act, for not having a Magazine or uftV^aiTy41

Magazines remote from their respective Gunpowder Mill or Mills, till after the Expiration of One to take Place/

Year, from the Time of the Commencement of this Act# till One Year

from the Commencement thereof.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Maker and Makers of No Charcoal to

Gunpowder, who shall keep, or permit to be kept, iny Charcoal within Twenty Yards of any Mill or

Mills, or other Engine or Engines, for making Gunpowder, or of any Drying, Corning or Dufting- 0 *n*

house, or Magazine or Stoiehouse thereto belonging, shall forfeit the Su n of Five Pounds for every

Week during which such Charcoal shall be so kept.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall have or Dealers not to

keep, at any One Time, being a Dealer or Dealers in Gunpowder, more than Two hundred Pounds keep more than

of Gunpowder j and not being such, more than Fifty Pounds of Gunpowder, in any House, Mill, 400lb- of Gun-

Magazine, Storehouse, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, Yard, Wharf, or other Building or Place, occupied tl oai

by the same Person or Persons, (all Buildings and Places adjoining to each other, and occupieJ toge-

ther, being to be deemed One House or Place within this Act), or on any River or other Water, (ex-

cept in Carriages loading or unloading or paiTing on the Land, or in Ships, Boats, or VelleJs, loading

or unloading, or pacing on any River, or other Warer, or detained there by the Tide or bad Weather),

within the following Limits ; (that is to lay). Within the Cities of Lend™ or JVtJlminster, or within

Three Miles of either of then, or within any City, Borough, or Market Town of Great Britain, or Mifttin*«fr4

One Mile of the fame, or within Two Miles of any Palace or House of Residence of his present Ma- *fore the Cora*.

jelly, His Heirs or Successors, or of Her present Majesty rhe Queen, or any Queen Couforr, or Dowa* ^rcjfT*ctp;U.

etT, or within Two Miles of any Gunpowder Magazine, belonging to His M ijesty, His HHrs or r

Successors, or within Half of a Mile of any Parish Church, or in any other Part of Great Britain,

(except in Mills or other Places which at the Commencement of this Act shall be used for the making

of Gunpowder, and the Magazines, Storehouses, and Offices thereto adjoining and belonging, and in

the Places where It shall be lawful to make Gunpowder, or to keep greater or unlimited Quantities of

Gunpowder, by Force of the Provisions herein-after contained), on Pain of forfeiting all the Gun-

powder beyond the Quantity hereby allowed to be kept, and the Bartels in which such Gunpowder shall

be ; and alfoTwo Smllings for every Pound of Gunpowder beyond such allowed Qu intity.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may 300 lb. of Paw.

be lawful for any Person or Persons to keep, for the Use of any Mine or Colliery, any Quantity of d(rn,i bekept

Gunpowder, not exceeding Three hundred'Pounds Weight, in any Magazine or Warehous?,* 10 as !^r ,htu“

such Magazine or Warehouse be within Two hundred Yards of the respective Mine or Colliery for the Mloe"*

4 A * Lie

