A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 28. 675

ercfling, maintaining, and repairing the Work or Works aforesaid, and to no other Use or Purpose

whatsoever.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every other Penalty,' Fine, F;ncf> and ror.

and Forfeiture, imposed, and which shall be incurred by Virtue of this A&, and not amounting to the feiture, *c.

Sum of Five Pounds Sterling, (hall' and may be sued for and recovered by the said Trustees, or any u"der 5

Collector appointed by them,'before any One of the Bailies of Greenock, or any One Justice of the 10 *rccovc,cJ*

Peace within whose Jurisdiction the Offender or Offenders before mentioned shall be apprehended or

reside for the Time, by Action, Bill, and Complaint, or Information made in that Behalf, within

Six Months after such Offence shall have been committed; and that the said Bailie or Justice of Peace,

aforesaid shall have Power, and he and they is and are hereby impowered and required to proceed to the

Trial of such Offences summarily \ and, upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders in any of the

Ways before-mentioned, to give such Ordjrs, Judgements and Decrees, as to him or them (hall fee 111'

most agreeable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and in Default of Payment of the several

Fines, Forfeitures, and others last mentioned, io to be awarded determined by the said Magistrate or Justice of

the Peace, the Person which shall be convicted, as aforesaid, shall and may be lent by the said Bailie

and Justice of the Peace, to the nearest Prison or House of Correction, for such Time as the said

Judges shall dir.ed, not exceeding Tnrce Months, and that the said pecuniary Penalties, not amount-

ing to Five Pounds Sterling, shall, after Deduction of the necessary Charge of recovering the fame,

be applied. One Half thereof to the Use of the Informer," and the other Half to the Ministers anJ

Kirk Sessions of Greenock, for the Use of the Poor of these Parishes.

XXVI. Provided always, T hat it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices of the Peace, Juices may

Bailie, and other Judges aforesaid, or any of them, by whom such Judgment, Sentence, or Determination nrtiP4,c Pe-

shall be given, pronounced, or made, from l ime to Time, where they fee Cause, to mitigate, com-

pound, or leften any of the Penalties and Forfeitures aforesaid, as he or they in his or their Discretion

shall think fit, so as such Mitigation or Corpposition do not extend to remit above one fyloiety of the

Penalty inflicted and directed to be levied by this Act -> and that every such Mitigation or Composition

shall be a sufficient Discharge for the Persons offending respectively for so much of the said Penalties

and forfeitures as shall be so mitigated, lessened, or remitted.

XXVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for Trustee*, Ac.

the said Trustees, or their Deputies, Agents, Officers, and Servants, to open Stone Quarries Sand, «*y ukc Ma-

Clay, and Gravel Pits, and to dig, gaither, take, and carry away, from such Quarries and Pits any tcriah fresh any

Stone, Sand, Gravel, Clay, and other Materials, in and out of any Grounds lying within Six wltiilQ Six

Miles of the Town of Greenock, (not being Ground on which Hands any Houses, Garden, Orchard, ,

planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House), where such Materials are or may be found, and "

from Time to Time to cause the fame to be carried off, or so much thereof as the said Trustees and

their Deputies, Agents, Officers, or Servants, shall judge necessary for carrying on, executing, and ,

repairing, the several Piers, Quays, and Breads, and other Works already built in the said Harbours ,

of Greenock, or authorised to be built by virtue of this Act, and for keeping the said Works in good

Order and Repair, the said Trustees paying the Value (to be estimated according to the Prices of such paying th«

Materials at the Time in that Part of the Country,) of the Stones, Sand, Gravel, Clay, and other Ma- ^aJu* to the

terials, so to be carried in and out of the aforesaid Ground, to the Proprietors, Life-renters, Tackf-froprlctorl#

men, and other Parties interested in such Grounds, out of which such* Materials shall be carried

away in Manner aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Road* to be

the said Trustees, and their Deputies, Agents, Officers, and Servants, jo make, use, and maintain made 10

Roads from the said Grounds opened for quarrying and digging Stones, Sand, Grave], Clay, and Harbour*

other Materials, to any Part of the River and Firth of Clyde, or from the said Pits and Quarries so to be

opened as aforesaid, directly to the Harbours of Greenock \ and to make the fame through any Ground

belonging to any Person or Persons whatsoever, (not being the Ground on which (lands any House,

or any Garden, Orchard, and Walk or Walks planted, or Avenue to any House), the said Trustees

making reasonable Satisfaction for the Damage done to the Ground through which the said Road or

Roads pass to the Proprietor, Life-renter, Tacksman, and other Parties concerned and interested in ..

such Grounds, to which such Damage shall be done or occasioned, as aforesaid.

XXIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority^aforesaid, That it shall Exrep*Ion as to

not be in the Power of the said Bailies and Council of Greenock, or of their Servants or Agents, or of *hc Sandbanks,

any other Person or Persons employed by them, to dig or carry away any Sand or other Materials for C°

the making of the said Piers, Quays, and other Works, as aforesaid, from* or out of any of the Sand

Banks and Fishing Places belonging to the Burgh of Dumbarton, in the River Clyde, or in the River

Leven, without the Consent of Magistrates and Town Council of the said Burgh of Dumbarton first had

and obtained.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatfo* Penalty «n any

ever shall, after passing of this Adf, maliciously, wilfully, or wantonly demolish, break down, destroy, ?crf°hn d^0,l£~

or set on fire, any of the Jettees, Piers, Quays, Breasts, or other Work3 construcded, or to be ,ng 1 c 01 s\*i

constructed, in or belonging to the said Harbours of Greenock^ qr any Ship, Boat, or other VeffeJ,* 1

lying or being therein, every such Person or Persons so offending shall be adjudged guilty of Felony,

and the Court and Courts by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be indicted and tried, shall, ;

and hereby have Power and Authority to transport such Felon or Felons for the Space of Seven Years,

