526 C. 46.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1772.

4 the fair Traders, who duly pay the full Duties for all Soap by them made : For Remedy whereof/

Makertof Hard be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time after the Twenty-fourth Day of

Soap opening any June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, any Maker of Hard Soap shall, by any Art, De-

terPKiag sealed v,.ce> or Contrivance whatsoever, open, or cause to be opened, any Copper, Pan, or Utensil, or any

ky the Officer of Pipe or Pipes, that convey the Wade or Salt Lees from such Copper, Pan, or Utensil, after the fame

Excise ; or wil- shall have been securely locked and sealed down by the Officer of Excise, and before the fame shall have

fully damaging been unlocked and opened by the Officer of Excise, or shall wilfully break or damage any such Lock

?i?yiifUCr >ca1’ 1 or Seal, or other Faftning, every such Maker or Makers of Hard Soap, so offending in any of the frid

or ci 100 *cases^ shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

A& 33 Geo. II. 4 VIII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late

4 Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Ac1 for preventing the excessive life of spirituous Liquors,

* by laying additional Duties thereon ; for shortcning the Prohibition of making Low lytnes and Spirits

4 from IVheat. Barley, Malt, or other Grain, and from Meal, Flour, and Bran\ for encouraging the Ex-

4 port at ion of Bnukh-made Spirits ; and for more effectually securing the Duties payable upon Spirits, and

4 preventing the fraudulent Relanding or Importation thereof, it was enacted and declared. That Persons

making or keeping any Walh, Cyder, or other Materials fit for Distillation, and having in their Pof-

fession or Occupation any Still or Stills, containing separately or together Ten Gallons or up-

wards, should be deemed and taken to be Common Distillers for Sale, and should be liable to the Rates

and Duties of Excise, and be subject to the Surveyor of the Officer of Excise, and to the several Pe-

nalties and Forfeitures imposed by any AvSt of Parliament then -in Force, in anywise relating to Dif-

tillers.

4 IX. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether by the Word Still, in the said Clause mentioned, the

* Body of the Still, exclusive of the Head of such Still, is not to be understood ; now to obviate all such

Cubic Contend t Doubts,’ be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Still, the cubic Con'enti

Ten G»Uons° or °‘C which, when the Head is on, will amount to Ten Gallons or upwards, is a Still containing Ten

u^w.rds. * Gallons or upwards, within the true Meaning of the last recited Act ; and all and every Person or Ptr-

iVrtoi.s .ifing fons, having or keeping any Wa(b, Cyder, or other Materials fit for Distillation, and having in his,

fu. h Mills, to he her, or their Poilession or Occupation, any such last-mentioned Still or Stills, containing separately or

^oinmoa together Ten Gallons or upwards, Proof being thereof made as by the last recited Act is directed, mall

fl 1 cr6’ be deemed and taken to be a common Distiller for Sale, and shall be liable to the several Rates, Duties,

Pen ilties, and Forfeitures, in and by the last-reciced Act mentioned or referred unto.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Offender, who

tics determined by tnis Act A™5! prosecuted for any of the Penalties by this Act given, shall not be prosecuted again for the lame

given,* not\« be Offence by any former Act; and that such Offender, who shall be prosecuted for the Penalty given by

prof-c-ire«a^ain any former Act, shall not be prosecuted again, for the fame Offence by virtue of this present Act, or

/or tiv* i^m*' of- tiny T hing herein contained.

fen t? by • ny

former Act. * XL And whereas great Frauds are committed by Corn Distillers charging their Stills, in theAb-

an°3 Vuke s^t' * fence of the Officers of Excise, with Worts or Wash, of which no Account h*s been taken by the

Low ines to Lid Officers, and the Provisions hitherto made have been found ineffectual to restrain such Practices;

provide and af- 4 for Kemedy whereof,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Twenty-

fixl’utficient fourth Day oVJunc, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, every Corn Distiller, orMakerof

H^d ^f eve?1* ^0W ^*nes or ^P‘r*ts Lorn Corn or Grain, shall, at his, her, or their own Expence, find, provide, md

l>)w \vinc bull a^x Efficient Faftnings (to be approved of, in Writing, by and under the Hands of the respective Sur-

&c. * veyors or Supervisors of Excise of the D.viiion or District in which every such respective Distiller or

Maker of Low Wines or Spirits from Corn shall reside) to the Heads of each and every Low Wine

Still, and Wash Still, Warn Pumps, and charging Cocks, through which Worts or Walh are convey-

ed into such Wash Still or Wash Stills belonging to, or used by, any such Distiller or Maker as afore-

said which, said Still Heads, and charging Cocks, and Wash Pumps, shall, and they are hereby requir-

ed, from Tin e to Time, to be securely locked and sealed by the Officer of Excise who surveys such Di-

Lock« and K«y« ftilkr and Maker as aforesaid, in Manner as is herein-after directed; and such Locks and Keys, as shall

S?hv/rOVldes^ be necd7ary ^or ^curing the said Still Heads, and Charging Cocks and Walh Pumps, shall be provided

p^rvhors bV the rftpL*&>ve Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise of the Divilion or District in which such respective

ciie. * Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits shall reside, at the Expence of such Distiller or Maker;

and whenever any such DistilleV or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits from Corn, shall be desirous of char-

ging hi* Still or Stills, or of using the Charge Cock or Walh Pump so locked and sealed, and shall have

given Notice as herein-after is directed, the Officer of Excise shall attend to unlock and open the said

Still Heads,. Charging Cocks, and Wadi Pumps.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any such Distiller and Maker

Gff-nders prose-

Cuttd lor : c >ul-

DiiVillers when

they intend to

cpcnStiiUjtogiveof Low Wines and Spirits, whose Sfill-house or Still-houses arc under the Survey of the London Officers,

NorkeinWiiting or is or are situate in London or IVcJlruinJhr, or within any other City in Great Britain, shall be dTirous

Fou- Hours pre- Qf opening his Low Wines Still or Stills, or of charging his Wash Still or Wash Stills, he, (he, or they

to°Onc of^hemC or cauL to be £ivcn» to One of the Officers of Excise, under whose Survey such Distiller or

Excise*Officers. Maker of Low Wines or Spirits shall then be, a Notice in Writing at least Four Hours before the par*

IfD fiillemn- Pillar Hour or Time of the Day when he, Ihe, or they intend to charge such Still or Stills,

tend to open * XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Distiller or Maker of Low Winesor

their Stills be- Spirits, so situate as aforesaid, shall be minded to open or to charge his Still or Stills at any Hour or

iween \x Time between Twelve in the Night and Six.in the Morning; then, and in every such Cafe, every.stich

Distillcx

C.

