90

Nothing this

Act ro extend

to any College

Courts.

Appeal allow-

able ag*in& the

&*ues.

Prtorbow-fa-

*oui«d.

Fcnt*paf ht

iwept ev. ry Day

except Sundays.

Penalty.

Streets to be*

Jwrpt t aIw a

c C/v.

No Perfnn to

<*rry away Soil,

»xcept Contrac-

for.

Penalty*

Per Ton' at Li-

berty to keep or

Wpofe of Dung

frad? i kept

nothin their

Louies or Yards.

C. 19*

Anno tindeeimo Georgii III.

A.D. 177r.

ments, hereby directed to be laid or charged upon the Tenants or Occupiers of all Houses, Buildings*

Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall and may, in case of Non-payment, be

levied and recovered in such Manner, and with the like Remedies as arc herein before direCted, for and in

respect of the Pavement chargeable on the Owners or Proprietors of Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments on the Sides of, or which form the Streets hereby directed to be

paved and repaiicd as a fore fa id.

L. ProvideJ always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained

shall extend to the inlide of any Court or other Place within any College or Hall in the said University of

Oxford, or other public Building, or to the Parish of Binfey within the Suburbs of the said City.

LI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, Bo-

dies Politic or Corporate, shall think himself, herself,.or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Rates,

Assessment or Assessments, made in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Cor-

porate, shall apply for Relief to the fa;J Cofj^misti oners, at any Meeting to be held within twenty-one

Days next after Demand made of such Ratj or Rates, Assessment or Afldlments; and the said Com mi f-

sioners, or any seven or more of them* are*hereby authorised and impowered, if they shall think such

Person or Persons aggrieved, to gtve such Relief in the Premises as to them shall seem necessary; and if

such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall no*be satisfied with the Determination of such

Commissioners, he, she, or they shall be obliged to pay such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments*-

and to comply with such Order of the said Commissioners, and then shall and may appeal to the Quarter

Session of the Peace to be holden for the said County or City of Oxford, within fix. Months next after such

Determination of the faiJ Commissioners, such Appellant first giving, or causing to be given eight Day9

Notice at the lead, in Writing, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter

thereof, to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, and within four Days next after such Notice, entering,-

or causing a Recognizance to be entered into, before some Justice of the Peace for such County or City,

by two sufficient persons or Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Older of, and to pay

such Costs a9 shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Session; and the said Justices of such

Quarter Session, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such

Recognizance, shall hear and determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and

award such Costs to the Parties appealing, or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper 1

and the Determination of such Justices, at their Quarter Sessions, shall be final, binding, and conclusive.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Rate or Assessment

for sweeping, cleansing, or lighting, shall be charged upon any Person or Persons who, by Reason of his,

her, or their Poverty or Inability only, is, are, or shall be excused and left out of the Rates made for the

Relief of the Poor of any Parish in the said City or Suburbs, or Parish of Saint Clement, wherein he, (he,

or* they, shall refute.

LIIl. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons inha-

biting within the said University, City, Suburbs, and Parish of Saint Clement, shall, from and alter the

fourth Tuesday.ntxt after the passing of this Ac>, sweep and clean, or caule to be iwept and cleansed, the

Foot-paths, extending at least four Feet before their respective Houses, Buildings, and Walls, between

the Hours of fix and ten in the Forenoon, Sundays excepted, upon Pain of forfeiting five Shillings for every

Neglect therein.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person or Persons contracted with

for cleansing the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, and all other public Places, shall sweep, clean, and carry

away, or cause to be swept, cleansed, and carried away, the Dirt and Soil in and out of all the Streets.

Lanes, and Passages, and all other public Places within the said University and City, and Suburbs, and

Parish of Saint Clement, twice in every Week, on such Days as shall be appointed by the Commissioners, or

any seven or more of them, upon Pain of forfeiting twenty Shillings for every Neglect therein.

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall take or

carry away, or cause to be taken or carried away, any Ashes, Dust, Dirt, Muck, Dung, or Manure

which shall be made in any or either of the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, or other public Places in the said

University, City, and Suburbs, and Parish of Saint Clement, out of the fame, besides the Persons so to be

contracted with or appointed as aforesaid for such Purpose by the said Commissioners, upon Pain of for-

feiting and paying the Sum of twenty Shillings for every such Offence.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein con-

tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Ashes, Dust, Dirt, Filth, Dung, or Rubbi(h,

which any of the Inhabitants of the said University, City, or Suburbs, or Parish of Saint Clement, shall

occasion and think fit to preserve and keep within their own respective Houses, Yards, or Gardens; but

the fame shall respectively belong to the Person or Persons so reserving the fame, so as such Ashes, Dust,

Dirt, Filth, Soil, Dung, or Rubbish, be not laid down or placed in any or either of the said Streets,

Lanes, or public Passages, and Places in the said University, City, or Suburbs, or the said Paiifti of Saint

Clement^ for any longer Time than shall be necessary for the loading and carrying away the lame, nor fuf-

fered to annoy the Neighbour or Neighbours of such Person or Persons; but in case the Person or Persons

so reserving such Ashes, Dust, Dirt, Filth, Soil, Dung, or Rubbish, shall thereby annoy his or their

Neighbour or Neighbours, and shall continue to keep and preserve the fame for the Sp*ce of three Days,

after Notice in Writing given to him* her, or them, under the Hands of the said Comfr.issioners, or any

five or more of them, or left at such Person’s DweHing-house, to remove the fame, such Perton or Persons

shall forfeit and p.v the Sum of ten Shillings a Day, for every Day such Annoyances shall be permitted to-

remain, next after such Notice given as atoieiaid.

u LVII. Provided

