281

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 46.

Row, Lane, Alley, or Yard, or any of them, shall, at the Time of the making of any of the said Rate or

Rates, AfTeiTment or Assessments, be empty, untenanted, or unoccupied ; thut then, and in every such

Cafe, One-halt Part of the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Afl'cflments, shall be paid by the Owners or

Proprietors of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements; and in

case of Non-payment thereof, such Lands, Houses, .Shops, Warehouses, Vaults, Cellars, or other Tene-

ments shall be, and the fame are hereby made a Security for, and chargeable with such Rate or Rates, Af-

fcfl'ment or Assessments.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or Dead Wall*,

any nine or more of them, and they are hereby required, at such Times as the Rates hereby directed to be how to be

made, shall be made, to rate all dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground adjoining to the said Streets, Row,rtted#

Lane, Alley, and Yard, at such Kate as the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall judge

reasonable, for every square Yard in the Front or Fronts of the said dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground,

measuring to the Middle of the Street or Place, not exceeding the Rate of Twelvepence per Yard, super-

fici.il Measure.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Rates, made by virtue of this Act, shall be allowed and Method ofRi-

signed by two Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County of Middlesex, who are hereby impowered covtr) cl All*';S»

and required to grant a Warrant or Warrants for collecting arid levying the fame ; and the said Rates, after

the fame shall be so allowed and signed by the said Justices, shall be collected quarterly by such Person and

Persons as shall be appointed to collect the fame, in Manner herein-after mentioned ; and if any Person or

Persons shall refute or neglect to pay the Sum or Sums of Money which he, (he, or they, shall be rated or

assessed, for the Space often Days after Demand made thereof in Writing, or left at the Place of Abode or

Occupation of such Person or Persons ; then, and in every such Cafe, it mall and may be lawful to and for

the said Collector or Collectors, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and required to levy the same

by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refuting to pay the

fame ; and in case no such Goods or Chattels can be found to be so distrained, or in case such Goods and

Chattels shall be locked up, secured, or removed, so that he or they cannot distrain the fame, then, and in

either of the said Cafes, upon Information thereof given to any two Justices of the Peace for the said County,

it shall and may be lawful for such Justices, and they are hereby required to commit the Offender or Offen-

ders to the common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County, there to remain without Bftl or

Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding the Space of one Month, or until Payment of such Rate or AfleiT-

ment, and the reasonable Charges occasioned by the Non-payment thereof.

XLV. And be it further enacted. That if any Person or Persons, who shall have been rated and assessed person$ re^v-

by virtue of this Act, shall quit his, her, or their Dwelling-house, Warehouse, Shop, Vault, Cellar, or ing without pay-

T enemcnf, whereupon such Rate or Assessment has been made, before he, (he, or they, shall have paid ing the Rates,

the fame, and shall afterwards refuse to pay the fame when due and demanded by the Person or Persons au- how the,jmc to

thorifed and appointed to collect and receive the same ; that then, and in every such Cafe, it shall and may *recovercJ#

be lawful to and for the said Collector or Collectors, and every or any of them, by Warrant under the

H ands and Seals of any two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, which Warrant the

said Justices are hereby authorised and required to grant ; or out of the Limits thereof, such Warrant being

first backed, or countersigned by some Magistrate in the County, City, or Liberty where the Distress is to

be made, to didrain the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, and the

fame to fell, rendering the Overplus (if any such shall be) after deducting the reasonable Charges and Ex-

pences of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, upon his or her demanding the

fame

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of Tenant* to piy

Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements in the said Streets, Row, Lane, R^,^, v.

Aiiey, and Yard, is and arc hereby required and authorised to pay all and every the Sum and Sums of Mo- duel tho fame

n y which shall be rated or aflcfTed on the Owner or Owners of Inch Lands, Houses, Shops, Waichouses, ®l,t ot :nc,r

Ce.lars, or other Tenements, by virtue of this Act, and to deduct the tame out of their Rent; and the Kcalu

Ow ner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, fh;dl, and they are hereby required to allow such De-

ductions arid Payments, upon Receipt of the Residue of their Rents; and every such Tenant paying such

Rate nr Rates, AdelFment or Afllflments, shall be, an 1 they are hereby acquitted and discharged of and

from so much Money as the said Rate or Rates, AiTeiTment or Aflftiments shall amount unto, a; if the

f Tie had bcc*n actually paid to such Person or Persons to whom his, her, or their Rent would have been,

or fr:’ 1 he due and payable.

XLVII ProviJed always, and be it further enacted. That it fhPl aiH may be lawful to and for the (hid Comm'dlorcr*

Commidinners, or any seven or more of them, from time to time, to compound with the Owner 01 Own- n^y anupound

f 3, Proprietor or Proprietors, of any House or Houses within the said Stice;% Row, Lino, Alley, or

Y*r J, the annual Rent or Value whereof (lull be under eight Pounds, f .r the Ra*e or Adcdmcm by this St*

Act autnorilcd to be laid upon such House or Houses, so a* in liKh Compulsion there be not remitted to ;

any tuch Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors reflectively, more than One third of the Rate or

Afl'dl riuit authorised by this Act to be laid upon such House or Houses rtdpcftively.

XLVaII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Peiloii or Persons paying the Rates and Aflc.T- p-rfon* pa>*ng‘

mints by this Act made, shall be, and they arc hereby exempted and discharged from all other Cnirges and the to

Lx pc rices of paving the said Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, or Yard, or any Part or Parts thereof, and all be lubjv.t to juy

©-r.cr Strerts, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, an 1 other public Railages within the said P.uifh; and ;dfo K,'LC |yr

from all Penalties which rruy or might be incurred by reason or means of their neglecting to pave the fame ; pavlfl*'

ai.v Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Vol. Xi. U o * XLIX. And

