Bzyeriseiis ;

31 a a t s - j

B i b! i o t h e h j

Mi'iiciun J

----- >r

A

TABLE

OF THE

Public and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of

George III.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 13 Georgii 3.

1. AN Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat,

Wheat-flour, Rye, Ryc-meal, Barley, Barley-

JL JL meal, Oats, Oat-meal, Pease, Beans, Tares,

Callivancics, and all other Sorts of Pulle, from any

Part of Europe or Africa, into this Kingdom, for a

limited Tin e, free or Duty.

t. An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat,

Wheat-flour, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, Biscuit, Peafc,

Beans, Taxes, Callivancies, and all other Sorts of

Pulle, from His Majesty’s Colonies in America, into

this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

3. An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Grain,

Peafc, Beans, Mial, M ilt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and

Starch ; and also the Extradfion of Low Wines and

Spirits from Wheat and Wheat-flour, for a limited

Time.

4. An Act to continue for a further Time, an Act, made

in the Eighth Year of His present M tjeily’s Reign, in-

tituled, An A't to continue and amend an Alt, made in the

J'ifth Year of the Reign of His present Alouf/y, intituled,

An Act for Importation of Salted B cf, Pork, Bacon,

and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited 'Lime; and for

allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon,

Mui Butter, from the iiiitish Dominions in Amnica,

for a limited l ure.

5. An Act to continue for a further Ti me, an Act, made in

the Seventh Year o! His present MajrPy’s Reign,intituled,

Ah Ait ts diJcsnUnue, Jor a limited Time, the Duties pay-

able upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs-lard, and Greafe\

and to permit the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork,

Bacon, Hams, and Cheese, into this Kingdom, from any

Part of Europe, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

6. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty

certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry,

for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hun-

dred and seventy-three.

7. An Act for allowing the free Importation of Rice into

this Kingdom, from any of his Majesty’s Colonies in

America, for a limited Time; and for encouraging the

making of Starch from Rice.

8. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land

Tax. to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of

the Year One thousand ieven hundred and seventy-

three.

j 9. An Act to restrain the Ecjt India Company, for a

limited l ime, from making any Appointment of Com-

missioners for superintending and regulating the Com-

pany’s Affairs, at their Prelidcncies in th • Ea/t Inins.

10. An Act for pumfhir.g Mutiny anil Delertiou; and

for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

11. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine

Forces while on Shore.

12. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted*0

qu.al’fv themselves for Offices anJ Employments wi’oin

the Time limited by Law, and for giving fmthcr * ,mc

for that Purpose ; and to give further Tim Inch

Perfnns as have omitted to make and file AtTl ;vir> of

the Execution of Indentures of Clciks to Atiornics and

Solicitors*

c 2 13. An

