?88 C. 54.

Anno decimo tertio Oeorgii IH.

A.D. 1773.

every other

vOfteace, 40 u

Any Person not III; And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person whatsoever, not

qualified to kill qualified to kill Game in Scotland, who shall have in his or her Custody, or carry, at any Time

clmc’inhU6 ^Year, upon any Pretence whatsoever, any Hares, Partridges, Pheasants, Muir Fowl, Tar-

Cufl^yWwitho«t marSans> Heath Fowl, Snipes, or Quails, without the Leave or Order of a Person qualified to kill

Leave ofPerfem Game in Scotland, for carrying such Hares or other Game, or for having the fame in his or her

qualified, to for-Custody, shall, for the First Offences forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings Sterling * and

feu ao *. for the for the Second, and every other subsequent Offence, the Sum of Forty Shillings Sterling : And in case

tuft, and for cf not paying the Sum decreed within the Space of Ten Days after Conviction by a final Judgement,

shall suffer Impfifonment for Six Weeks for the First Offence, and for Three Months for the Second,

and every other subsequent Offence.

* Penal ties for IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall make Muirburn,

;Fuft and subse- or set fire to any Heath orMuic, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the Eleventh Day

quent Offences of rfpril to the First Day of November in any Year, fb?ll forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings

Sterling for the First Offence, Five Pounds Sterling for the Second Offence, and Ten Pounds Ster-

from April 1? l*ng for the Third and every other subsequent Offence : And in case of not paying the Sum decreed

to Nov. i, 9 within the Space of Ten Days after Conviction by a final Judgement, shall suffer Imprisonment for

Six Weeks for the First Offence, Two Months for the Second, and Three Months for the Third and

every other subsequent Offence.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Tenant, Poffcflor, or Occu-

pier of the Ground upon which such Muirburn shall be made or discovered within the forbidden

ve^ within Ae Time aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to guilty of the Offence, and shall be liable to the

Tiow forWdcn, feveraj Penalties aforesaid, unless such Tenant, Possessor* or Occupier, shall prove, to the Satisfaction

Groundb«*li^ of.the Court before which he or she (halltbe prosecuted, that such Fire was communicated from some

able, unless * " *“

shall prove

•OQtrarjr.

Proprietor* of "VI* Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Proprietor of high

wet Lands in and wet Muir Lands, the Heath upon which frequently cannot be burnt so early as the Eleventh Day

thrown<>cca- of Aprils may, when such Lands are in his own Occupation, burn the Heath upon the fame at any

bttr“ ^*me between the Eleventh and Twenty-fifth Day of April in any Year, wkhoitt incurring any of

thrjichsTa^th Penafties before mentioned ; and when such Lands are let, the Proprietor, or his Commissioner

April * 5 or Factor, may, by a Writing under his or their Hands, authorise his Tenant or Tenants in such

•v mty authorise Lands to burn the Heath thereon, at any Time between the Eleventh and Twenty-fifth Day of Aprils

theit Tenants ib in any Year, without incurring any of the Penalties before mentioned.

' If toy Muir*

burn be difeft*

^ jj. ui kiit vuuu uoiuic w1iiv.11 lit ui uic IU4I1 (ut piuikwuiku, tuak tuv.11 x nt kvmiiiiuiiiv.xicv uuin iumc

1 they neighbouring Ground, or was raised upon, his oi her Ground by some other Person not in his or her

the Service or Family*

Writings

tifing Tenants to

Warn Heath, os

iforefrid, to he

recorded hr the

Sheriff Court

Books*

»Oflfencet vnay he

enauited into

. and determined

-by the Joftkss,

•As*

^Terfons con-

victed to pay the

Penalties-within

Ten Days, or the

'feme may be i«-

fhd by Distreft.

tXfl‘Cafe the Pe-

nalty cannot be

recovered by D»-

•fircfi. Offenders

to b: rpsimisted

VIL Provided also, That the Writing authoring such burning, when the Lands are in the Occu-

pation of a Tenant, shall previous to such burning, be recorded in the Sheriff or Stewart Court

Books of the County or Stewartry within which the Lands are, and which the Sheriff or Stewart

Clerk of such County, or Stewartry is hereby ordered and directed to do, upon receiving Payment of

the Fees usually paid for recording Writings. . /

’VIIl. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Offences against this Act (haTl

and may be enquired into and determined, either by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible

Witness or Witnesses, or by the Confession or Oaths of the Parties accused, before any Two or

more of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, or before the Sheriff, or Stewart-depute, or Substitute,

of the County where the Offence shall be committed, or where the Offender shall be found $ and that

all Prosecutions few Offences against this Act shall be carried on, either at the Instance rtf the Fifcal

of the Court in which the rrofecution is brought, or of any other Person who will inform or

^complain.

IX. And it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person convicted of any of

the Offences against this Act shall not pay the Penalty or Forfeiture decreed against him or her,

within the Space of Ten Days from and after a final Judgement of Conviction, it shall and may be

lawful for the Justices of the Peace, Sheriff, or Stewart-depute or Substitute, before whom the In-

formation, Complaint, or Ailion may have been brought, upon the Application of the Prosecutor,

to grant Warrant for levying the Penalties or Forfeitures, by immediate Distress and Sale of the Of-

fenders Goods and Moveables, together with the Costs and Charges attending the levying thereof,

returning the Overplus, if any be, to the Owner ; or to grant Warrant for committing the Offender

^to the common Gaol of the County, for the Time specified in this Act, as Satisfaction for the Penalty

or Forfeiture incurred, or until Payment : And in case a Warrant for levying the Penalty by Distress

and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Moveables (h 'll be first applied for and obtained, and that the

Penalty or Forfeiture shall not be recovered in Confeouence theicof, it shall and may he lawful for

the Justices of Peace, Sheriff, or Stewart-depute, or Substitute, who granted the Warrant for levying

the Penalty or Forfeiture by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Moveables, upon its being

certified to him or them by the Officer employed in executing the Warrant, either that he has

been able to recover no Part of the Penalty or Forfeiture, or that a certain Part, to be certified by

him, still remains unrecovered, to grant Warrant for committing the Offender to the common Gaol

of the County foe the Time specified in this Act, as Satisfaction for the Penalty or Forfeiture

incurred.

