28

Public A&*

PrcamMp.

Letters Patent

ii cui. in.

granting in Trust

toSirJohn Mor-

den the Manor

of Old-Court,

&c.

Bv Sir John’s

La ft win, oa.

15, 1702, arc

deviled to Truf-

tccs ;

who hnve r>of-

Jcfled Maiden-

stone Hill, as

pertaining to

Old-Corn r,

c .lin ed by At-

torney general as

Tart of the

Loyal Manor of

L.ift Greenwich.

Snrveyor* gene-

ral and the

Trustees com-

fremife thr

Matter,

Dec. 11, 1770.

Articles of A-

grecraent

C. 10. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

medies for recovering the fame, as any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs may have for his, her, or their Costs, in any

Other Cafes by Law.

CII. And be it further ena£hd, That this A& shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public A<£t^

and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Redons whomsoever,

without specially pleading the same.

CAP. X.

An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement made between Peter ,Esquire,

Surveyor-general of his Majesty’s Lands, and the Trustees of Morden College, in the Cot”'*-"

of Kent, for enabling his Majesty, his Heirs and Succenbrs, to gran- * e-r-

stone Hill, in the Parish of East Greenwich,in the County of Kent, to

upon the Terms mentioned in the said Agreement; and for impowering the Lid Truf-

tees to increase the Salaries and Pensions of the Treasurer, Chaplain, and poor Merchants,

in the said College.

* T If 7 HERE AS his lateMajefly King TFUliamthe Third, by his Letters Patent under the Great Seal

‘ V V of England,bearing Date the fourth Day of November, in the eleventh Year of his Reign, for the

‘ Confi deration therein mentioned, did grant unto or in Trust for Sir John Alordcn, Baronet, his Heirs

4 and Alsigns, for ever, the Manor or Lordship of Old-Court, with the Lands thereunto belonging, in the

4 Parish of East Greenwich, in the County of Kent: And whereas the said Sir 'John Alordcn intending to

4 make some Provision for the Comfort and Support of aged and decayed Merchants, erected, at liis own

4 Lxpence, a large House or College near Blackbcath, in the said County, for their Reception ; and by his

4 La ft Will and TclLment in Writing, bearing Date the fifteenth Day of October, in the Year of our

4 Lord one thousand seven hundred and two, gave and deviled all his Real and Copyhold Eft jus to cer-

6 tain Trustees therein named, their Heirs and Assigns, for ever, in Trull, for the Use of his said College

4 and for the Maintenance and Support of poor aged and decayed Merchants of England, whose Fortunes

4 had been ruined by the Perils of the* Sea, and other unavoidable Accidents ; all which Real and Copyhold

4 Etlatcs are now, by virtue of divers mesne Alignments, Surrenders, and Conveyances in the Law,

4 become veiled in John Alar eh, Richard Chiswell, William Clarke, Ifi Liam Cooper, Samuel Smith, If! Liam

‘ Ewer, and James Lee, Esquires, their Heirs and Assigns, in Trust for the Benefit of the said Charity :

4 And whereas the Trustees of the said Charity for the time being have, at various Times, poiTcilcd

4 divers Parts of a certain Parcel of Land, in the Parish of East Greenwich aforesaid, called Alai derjl one

4 Hill, on an Apprehension that the fame was Part of the Manor or Lordship of Old-Court, in the said

4 Letters Patent mentioned, and have at various Times granted Leases of several Parts of the fame to fun-

4 dry Persons, who have erecKd Houses thereon; but the said Hill having been claimed on the Behalf of

4 his Majesty, as being Part of his Royal Manor of East Greenwich, Informations of Jntrufion have been

4 exhibited by his Majesty’s Attorney-general, in the Court of Exchequer, against several of those Lei lees :

4 And whereas, in order to compromifc the said Matter, and to save Expence to the Charity, certain

4 Articles of Agreement have been entered into, and duly executed, by and between Peter Burrell Esquire*,

4 Surveyor-general of his Majesty’s Lands, on Behalf of his Majesty, of the one Part, and the faid\jjsbn

1 March, Richard Chiswell, William Clarke, If I Hicm Cooper, Samuel Smith, I Hi Hi am Ewer, and James

4 Lee, Esquires, the said Trustees of Alordcn College, of the other Part, bearing Date the eleventh Day

4 of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, the Tenor whereof is in these Words :

44 Articles of Agreement indented, had, made, concluded and agreed upon, this eleventh Day of De-

44 comber, in the eleventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God*.

44 of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, tdc. and in the Year of our Lord

44 one thousand seven hundred and seventy, between Peter Burrell Esquire, Surveyor-general of his Ma-

44 jelly’s Lands, of the one Part, and John March, Richard Chiswell, UHliam Clarke, William Cooper y

44 Samuel S?nith, I Vi Hi am Ewer, and James Lee, Esquires, Trustees of Alordcn College, in the County of

44 Kent, of the o*her Part: Whereas, in Alichachnas Term, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one*

44 and in Hilary 'Term, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, his Majesty’s Attorney-general filed

44 two several Informations of Intrusion, in his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, agair.il Leonard Searle and

44 Jrfcph Gordon, for the Purpose of recovering the Pofieir.on of a certain Piece of wade Ground, called

44 Alaidenstone Hill, within the Parish of East Greenwich, in the County oi Kent, as being Parcel of the

44 Wade of, and belonging to, his Majesty’s Royal Manor of East Greenwich \ into which said Piece of

44 wulie Ground, or Part thereof, the said Leonard Searle and Joseph Gordon had intruded, under the Co-

44 lour and Sanction of certain Leases thereof granted to them by the Trustees of the said College, who

44 claimed the whole of the Waile of the said Hill, as Part of and belonging to the Manor of 01 i-Cour ty

44 or which they were in Possession under certain Grants from the Crown : And whereas the said two

4fc several causes being at Issue and ready to be tried at the Bar of the said Court of Exchequer, by special

44 juries of the said County of Kent, they the f id John diarchy Richard (‘hijwell, William Clarke, IHHiam

44 Goober, Samuel Smith, William Ewer, and Ja nes Lee, the Trustees of Morden College aforesaid, did, in

44 AVyAr Term 1 aft* lay certain Propoidls before the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Ma-

44 jesty’s Treasury for compromising and putting a final End to the several Matters in Dispute in the above-

6 44 mentioned

