C. 19.

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1771.

nor to be m-

tererted in any

Contract, &c.

under the Pe-

nalty of 50 1.

Tolls how to be

applied.

of them, for or on Account of any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, or on any Account

whatsoever, relative to the putting this Act in Execution ; or shall any ways be concerned or interested in

any Bargain or Contract made or to be made by the said Commissioners, or any of them, for the Purposes

of putting this Act in Execution ; every such Person so offending shall be incapable of ever serving or

being employed under this Act; and shall, over and above, forfeic the Sum of fifty Pounds to any Person

or Persons who shall sue for the same, by Aition of Debt, Kill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Ma-

iefty’s Courts of Record, within six Calendar Months after the Offence committed ; in which said Suit, no

ElToin, Proteition, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXVI. And be it further enaited, That out of the first Money arising by the Tolls and Duties which

Comrmflioner*

impowered to

widi

*c.

light Days pre-

vious Notice be-

shall be colleiled by virtue of this Act, or out of the Money which shall be borrowed on the Credit thereof,

and out of the Rates or Assessments herein after direited to be made, the said Commissioners, or any five

or more of them, shall, in the first place, pay and dischargeall the Expences and Charges of procuring and

passing this Act; and shall apply the Remainder of the Money so raised in erecting a Gate or Gates, 1 urn-

pike or Turnpikes, and Toll-house or Toll-houses, and in repairing, widening, turning, or altering the

several Mile-ways not included in any Turnpike Act; in rebuilding or repairing and widening the said

Bridge; in repairing and paving the Roads and Streets which lead from Magdalen Bridge to the two great

Roads on the North Side of the City of Oxford, leading respectively, the one to Birmingham and li/rdrcejler9

the other to Banbury; and also to the great Road on the Weft Side of the said City, leading to Gloucester

and Bath ; and also to the great Road on the South Side of the said City, leading to Abingdon, Newbury*

and Southampton; which said Roads and Streets are particularly enumerated and described in the Schedule

hereto annexed, intituled, The Fir/l Schedule, in purchasing such Ground, Houses, Buildings, and other

Erections, as shall be found necessary or wanting for the widening, turning, or altering all or any Parts of

either of the said Mile-ways, or the said Roads and Streets so directed to be paved and repaired as afore-

said ; and in defraying the necessary Costs, Charges and Expences attending the Execution of the Powers

relating thereto; and to such other Purposes as are herein directed, and to no other Uie or Purpose what-

soever.

XXVII. And be it further enacted. That the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, shall

■ have full Power and Authority to treat for and purchase the Houses, Gates, Shambles, Buildings, Grounds,

wisent c oa s, an(j £ftateS) within or near the said University, City, and Suburbs, and the Parish of Saint Clement, men-

tioned and described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, intituled, The Second Schedule, in order to widen,

turn, and alter the said Mile-ways, Roads, or Streets, hereby directed to be repaired, paved, and amend-

ed ; and to make such Satisfaction as they shall think reasonable for any the Loss or Damage the Owners,

Proprietors, Occupiers, and Persons interested, or any of them, shall sustain by such widening, turning,

or altering any of the said Mile-ways, Roads, or Streets; and also to order and direct the said Bridge,

called Magdalen Bridge, to be pulled down, widened, repaired, or rebuilt, and the said Mile-ways, Roads,

or Streets, to be amended, paved, raised, funk, altered, or repaired, when and in such Manner as they

shall think fit.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not have Power

to purchase any such Houses, Gates, Shambles, Buildings, Ground, and Estates, within or near the said

MSrct!ngnfo°r that University, City, or Suburbs, or the said Parish of Saint Clement, by virtue of this Act, unless eight Days

Purpose. public Notice be previously given in the Oxford Journal, or some other public Paper, and also at the Schools

and Town Hall, of a Meeting to be held for that Purpose; nor shall any Gates, Houses, Shambles, or

other Buildings, be pulled down, or Grounds or Estates be thrown open, in consequence of any Order

for that Purpose, unless three Months Notice (at the leaftj shall be given to the Owners and Occupiers of

the fame respectively, to enable them to provide themselves accordingly.

Owners of XXIX- And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and

Nouirs, cates, fa a]j persons whatsoever. Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, who

&c*Tmpowered*are or be or intitled in their own Right, Trustees and Feoffees in Trust, Femes Covert, Guar-

to fell the frme. dians, and Committees for Lunatics and Idiots, Executors and Administrators, and* Guardians whatsoever*.

3 not only in Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and in Behalf of their Ceftuique

Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Persons whatsoever,

who are or shall be seised or possessed of or interested in any such Houses, Gates, Shambles, Buildings*

Grounds, or Estates, to contract for, fell, convey, or surrender to the said Commissioners, or any fifteen-

or more of them, or to any Person or Persons they shall appoint, in Trust for them, all or any fuclv

Houses, Gates, Shambles, Buildings, Grounds, or Estates, or any Part thereof, or any Term for Years*

or any Estate or Interest therein ; and that all such Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, Alignments*

Surrenders, and other Conveyances which shall be so made as aforesaid, shall be good and valid in Law

to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, not only to convey the Estate of the Person or Persons conveying*,

but also all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of their several and

respective Ceftuique Trulls, whether Infants or Issue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other

Persons whatsoever, and all Persons claiming or to claim by, from, or under them;, any Law, Statute, or

Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Bodies Corporate or Col^

legiate, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid interested in such Houses, Gates, Shambles, Buildings,.

Grounds, or Estates, upon Notice to them given or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Houses, or

Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politic, Corpo-

rate, or Collegiate, or at the House of the Tenant or Tenants in Post'ession of the Houses, Gates, Sham-

bles, Buildings, Grounds, or Estates, so to be taken in and made into Part of the said Milo-ways* Roads,

3 oc

Proprietor* re-

sufi^e to treit

v-ith 1 he Com-

rniffivners, a

J.iry to deter-

mine D1 derail-

