A.D. 1772.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

C. 9. 615,

by their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being; the fame shall be deposited in the Hands of such

Banker as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall direct, to be issued and applied

by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, for the new-paving any Square, Street, or

Place, within the Limits aforesaid.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That there shall beentefed in a Book or Books, to be for that Pur- &cur,tics^!1^

pose provided and kept by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, all Securities for Monies bor-eDlcrcdmBooku*

rowed by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, and all Assignments or Transfers thereof, expressing in

Words at Length the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode, and other Descriptions, ot all

such Persons as shall, from Time to Time, be intitled to such Securities, and the Sums received upon

such Securities; to which Book or Books the Persons intitled thereto, and all and every Person or

Persons liable to the Payment of the said Rates and Assessments, shall, at all feasonable Times, have

Access, with free Liberty to inspect the fame without Fee or Reward; and the Treasurer or Treasurers

to the said Commissioners shall, from Time to Time, keep the Accounrs relating to such additional

Rate or Assessment, and the Payment of the Interest of the Money borrowed, separate and distinct

from the other Accounts of the said Commissioners; andifanySum or Sums of Money shall at anyTime,

remain over and above what shall be sufficient to pay such Interest, then such Sum or Sums of Money

shall be applied towards paying off the Principal so borrowed as aforesaid; and for that Purpose may be

placed out at Interest, on Goverment Security, in the Name or Names of the Treasurer or Treasurers for

the Time being to the said Commissioners, at such Time, and in such Manner, a9 the said Commissioners,

or any Seven or more of them, shall direct or appoint, until the fame shall amount to the Sum of Five

hundred Pounds, which Sum shall be employed for and towards the Payment of the Money lent and

advanced on such additional Rate; and no Preference, either in the Payment of Interest or Principal,

shall be given to any Person or Persons whatsoever on account of the Priority of advancing such Sum or *'

Sums, but that each Person shall be a Creditor in equal degree, according to the Sum or Sums so by him,

her, or them lent and advanced as aforesaid.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons Securities m*y

intitled to any of the Securities aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, tetramfcrred*

at any Time or Times, by Writing under his* her, or their Hand or Hands respectively, to assign or

transfer such Securities, by Indorsermnt on the Back thereof, to any Person or Persons whatsoever,

and testified by Two Witnesses, and so toties quoties; and such Assignments and Transfers, after they

shall be respectively entered in the Book or Books of the said Commissioners in Manner aforesaid, shall

intitle the Person or Persons to whom they shall be respectively made, and his, her, and their respective

Executors, Administrators, and AfCgns, to the Benefit of the Security or Securities so assigned or

transferred.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That where any of the Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach- HawemptfHon-

houses. Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, after the fame shall have bert"

been once inhabited or occupied, shall, at the Time of making any of the said Rates or Assessments,

be empty, untenanted, or unoccupied; then, and in every such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to

and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to rate and assess such Premises respec-

lively at One Half of such Rates or Assessments, during the Time only that such Premises shall be

empty, untenanted, or unoccupied; and also in case any such Premises, after the making of such Rate

or Rates, Affeirment or Assessments, shall become empty, untenanted, or unoccupied. One Half only;

of such Rate or Assessment shall be charged on such Premises respectively, for and during so long a

Time as the fame shall continue empty, untenanted, and unoccupied; and then, and in any of the

said Cafes, the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, and all Arrears due thereon, shall be paid

by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, or by the First or any other Te-

nant or Occupier thereof; and in which last Cafe, such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers,

shall and may, and is and are hereby authorised to deduct and detain the fame out of his, her, or their

Rent or Rents respectively; and the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, of such Premises, i9-

and are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payment upon Receipt of the Residue of his,

her, or their respective Rents; and the said Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall be,

and is and are hereby acquitted and discharged of and from so much of his, her, or their Rent, as the Rate

or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, and all Arrears due thereon, and so paid by him, her, or them,

shall amount unto.

4 LX. And whereas there are many Houses, Buildings, Grounds, and Premises, within the Limits Landlords, &t.

# aforesaid, which are taken on Leases for Years,- or otherwise, and by the Lessees or Tenants, and

also by Landlords and.Owners, let out in Parcels or separate Apartments, to Undertenants, and other to

4 Houses and Premises let ready-furnished to Lodgers ;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority afore-

said. That the Lessee, Landlord, Owner, or Proprietor, of all such Houses, Buildings, Grounds, and

Premises, so let out, or which shall be let out in Parcels or separate Apartments, or ready-furnished to

a Lodger or Lodgers, shall be deemed and taken as the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, and shall be

liable and subject to the Payment of the Rates or Assessments directed by this Act to be made, raised,

and levied, according to the yearly Rent or Value of such Premises.

4 LXI. And, for the more easy Recovery of such Rates or Assess’mentsV be it further enacted, That o«mpIm to

each and every Person so renting or occupying any such Parcel or separate Apartment as aforesaid, shall pay ibe Rates*

be liable and compellable to the Payment of the said Rates or Assess'menls, and all Arrears due thereon;

to be recovered in Manner herein-after directed.

LXI!. Provided always. That each and every Occupier who shall pay such respective Rates or Assess- Octupiersrobe

nems^ and any Arrears due thereon, or from whom the fame shall be recovered in pursuance of this allowed the Rater

a. iatbeir Rcmi.

