The TITLES of the S T A T U T E S.

*3. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and

^Cknhing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain

called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-

fifth Day of March) One thousand seven hundred and

seventy-two.

H. An Act for Clearing, Depthening, Repairing, Main-

taining, and Improving the Haven and Piers of Great

Yarmouth ; and for Depthening, and making more Na-

vigable, the feveial Rivers emptying themselves into the

said Haven ; and for preserving Ships winter ing therein

from Accidents by Fire.

ij* An Act for Lighting, Cleansing, and Watching, the

Streets, Lanes, and other PafTigcs, of the Burgh of Ca

nongaie, and the Liberties of Pleafance and Leith Wynd,

adjoining to the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh,

16. An Act for Deepening, Cleansing,Scouring,Preserving,

and Maintaining, the Harbour of Pert Glasgow, for en-

larging and improving cbe Quays and Piers, for ere£U

ing new Breads, Jettecs, and Piers ; and for regulating

Ships, Lighters, and other Vessels, trading into and go

ingout of the said Harbour; and for other Purposes

therein mentioned.

17. An Act for Lighting such Part of the Town of IJling-

ton as lies in the Parish of Saint Mary, JJlington, in the

County of Middlesex; and for eltabiilhing a regular

Nightly Watch therein.

18. An Act for the better Paving, Cleansing, Lighting,

and Watching, the Streets and Lanes in the Town and

Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent, and for

^-removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances

therein.

19. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant certain Houses

in Fen church Street, and Addle Street, in the City of Lon-

don, efeheated to the Crown by the Death of Lieute-

nant-general John Brown, without Heir, unto Frederick

Montagu Lfquire, and his Heirs upon theTrufts therein

mentioned.

20. An Act for the more effectual proceeding against Per-

fons Handing mute on their Arraignment for Felony,

or Piracy.

21. An Act for giving Relief in Proceedings upon Writs

of Mandamus for the Ad million of Freemen into Cor-

porations ; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

22. An Act for deepening, cleaning, scouring, preserving,

and maintaining, the Harbour of Ayr ; for enlarging

and improving the Quays and Piers ; for erecting Docks,

Breads, Jettccs, and Piers ; and for regulating Ships,

Lighters, and other Vtflels, trading into and going out

of the said Harbour ; and for other Purpotes therein

mentioned.

23. An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors ; and

for indemnifying the Marshal of the King's Bench Prison

from Prosecutions at Law, for certain Lfcapes from tin

said Piifon.

24 An Act for the better securing and preserving His Ma

jelly’s Dock Yards, Magazines, Ships, Ammunition,

and Stores.

25. An Act for the more effectual vesting in the Royal

H-Jlpital at Greenwich the forfeitedand unclaimed Shares

ot Naval Officers,. Seamen, and Marines, in Prizes

taken from the Enemy ; and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

26. An Act for Imbanking, Draining, and Preserving

certain Fen Lards and Low Grounds in the Parish o

R a fey, rn the County of Huntingdon ; and in the Pa

riihc* ol Dodd ing ton, March, Fenwick, Wimllington, and

Chattel is, within the Jjie of Ely, in the County of Can:-

bridge ; and for amending 1 he Road from a certain

Bridge in the Parish of Chatteris aforesaid, called Car—

ter9s Bridge, by a Drain called Vermuyderis, or The Forty

Feet Drain, to a Bridge called The Forty Feet Bridge, in

the said Parish of Ramsey.

27. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act,

made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His

late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act

for the more effectual draining and preserving of everal Fen

Lands and Field Lands, tn the Bounds and Precincts cf

Whittlesey, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cam-

bridge, so far as the fame relates to the several Fen and

Field Lands lying in the Third, Fourth, and Fifth

Districts, described in the said Act.

28. An Act to enlarge the Cuemetery or Church-yard,

of the Parish of Watford-, in the County of Hertford,

and to make an additional Building to the present

tVorkhouse, for the Reception of the Poor of the said

Parish ; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

29. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the

Sixth Year of the ftcign of His present Majesty, inti-

tuled, An Act for taking dozen and removing certain Light-

houses nowfunding near the Spurn Point, at the Alouth of

the Humber; and for erecting other fit and convenient

Light -houses injlecid thereof

30. An Act for the further Augmentation of the Salaries

of the Justi.es of Chester, and the Great Sessions for the

Counties in Wales,

31 An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to

qualify themselves for Offices and Employments ; and

to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have

omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications

within the Time limited by Law, and for giving fur-

ther Time for those Purposes ; and to indemnify Mem-

bers and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Bo-

rough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to

be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped,

have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time

to provide Admissions duly stamped, and to give further

Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file

Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to*

Attornies 2nd Solicitors.

32. An Act for allowing the free Importation ofRice into

this Kingdom, fiom any of His Majesty’s Colonies in*

America, for a limited Time.

33. An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat,.

Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Meal, and Indian Corn, into-

this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

34. An Act to amend an Act of the Tenth Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Worlc-

house in the Parish of Saint Alar tin in the Fields, withirr

the City of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex.

35. An Act for enabling Their Majesties to enfranchise

Copyhold Lands holden of the Manor of Richmond, in

the County of Surrey, and for enabling His Majesty to

(hut up a Lane leading from Richmond Green to the

River Thames, and to fell and exchange certain Lands

within the Manors of Richmond and Wimbleton.

36. An Act for completing a Building intended for a

new Church or Chapel at Richmond, near Everton, in

the County Palatine of Lancafer\ and for other Pur«

poses.

37. An Act for draining and preserving certatmCommons,

Low Grounds, and Cars, in the Parish of Market

I Brighton and other adjacent Parishes in the East Rir

ding of the County of York ; and for making a Navi-

gable Cut or Canal from Market Wcighton to the River

1 lumber.

2 38. An

