A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. ir, r2. 31

on, as shall be made by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by any Letters Patent, Indenture or Inden-

tures, under the Great Seal of Great Britain^ in pursuance of this Act, shall be, and is and are hereby

enacted to be good and effectual in the Law, according to the Tenor and Purport thereof in the said Letters

Patent, or Indenture or Indentures, to be expressed, notwithstanding any Restriction, or Matter, or

T hing contained in an Act of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen

Anney intituled, An Act for the better Support of her Alaje/lys Ho if'hold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the

Crnvny or any other Law or Statute, or any Mif-recital, Non-recital, Omission, or other Defect in the

said Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures hereafter to be made, in any wise notwithstanding.

• VI. And whereas the said Sir John Mordeny by his said lad VVill and Testament, ordered and directed, Allowance by

that there should be placed in his Uid College so many poor Merchants as the then yearly Rents and Reve- 1

nue of his Estates would maintain, allowing to each Merchant twenty Pounds a Year, to be laiJ out in Ul 1 *'

Provisions and Necessaries, as is therein particularly prescribed, and that a Treasurer should be appointed

to collect and get in the Rents, Issues, and Profits of his real Estates, and to sett and lett the fame, and to

pay the clear Produce in the Manner directed by the said Will; and that there should also be a resident

Chaplain, to officiate daily in the Chapel of the said College; and by his said Will directed, that the yearly

Sum of forty Pounds should be paid to the said Treasurer, and the Sum of thirty Pounds yearly to the Chap-

lain, for their Pains, Labour, and Attendance, in the due Execution of their respective Offices : And

whereas the said Testator, by a Codicil annexed to his said Will, reduced the Pension payable to each

poor Merchant to fifteen Pounds a Year : And whereas it has been found by Experience, that the said not ■Jequate to

yearly Sums directed to be paid to the said Treasurer and Chaplain are by no Means adequate to the Care, Ofico,#

Pains, and Attendance which a due Execution of the said Offices will ncccft'arily require, and that the faid1 c M

Penftons of fifteen Pounds a Year are too small and inadequate to induce Merchants of a liberal Education,

who have fallen to Decay by unavoidable Accidents and unforeseen Events, and are aged and infirm, to

apply to partake of the said Charity; for Remedy whereof, and to the End that proper persons may be en-

couraged to apply for Admission into the said College, and the pious charitable Intentions of the said Sir

John Morden more effectually carried into Execution Be it further enacted. That it shall and may be law-

ful, at any Time or Times hereafter, to and for the Trustees of the said College for the time being, and

they are hereby authorised and impowered to increase the Salaries payable to the said Treasurer and Chap-

lain respectively to such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall think proper and reasonable, not exceeding

fifty Pounds yearly; and also to increase the Pensions payable to each poor Merchant admitted, or to be

admitted into the said College, to such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper and reasonable,

not exceeding the Sum of forty Pounds to each poor Merchant yearly ; any Restriction contained in the

Will or Codicil of the Lid Sir John Morden to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. Saving to all and every Person and Persons whatever, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, Exception^

and all Bodies Politic and Corporate, and their Successors, (other than and except the King’s mod Excel-

lent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the Trustees of the said College for the time being, all such

Estate, Right, Title, and Interest of, in, to, or out of the said Premises called Maidenstone Hilly and every,

or any Part thereof, as they or any of them have or might have had if this Act had not been made.

CAP. XT.

An Act for further continuing two Acts made in the sixth and ninth Years of his Majesty’s Reign, for

nuni(hing Mutiny and DeU rtion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in his-

Majesty’s Dominions in America.

CAP. XII.

An Act for better paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and' other

public Passages, in that Part of Goodman's Fields* which lies in the Parish of Saint Mary

Matfellcny otherwileWhitedopel* in the County of MiddlejcXy and also Red Lion Street and

White Lion Stre:t, lying contiguous d the said Helds* and for removing and preventing

Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein.

€ WHEREAS the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, in PrcanbUe-

* VV that Part of Goodman's Fields, (being Part of the Manor or reputed Manor of Barnes, in the

c County of Ahdillfex and City of London) which lies in the Parish of Saint Mary Matfellony otherwise

€ Whitechapel^ in the said County of Middlefx, and the Streets called Red Lion and White Lion Streets,.

€ lying contiguous to the said hiclds, aic very ill paved and ruinous, and the Passage thereof is greatly ob-

€ ftrufted by many Nuisances and Annoyances therein : And whereas it would be of great Benefit and Ad-

c vantage to the Inhabitants of rhe said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public

€ Passages, and to all Persons retorting thereto, or passing through the fame, if the said Streets, Squares,.

c Lancs, Courts, Alleys, Ways, ana other public Passages, were properly paved, and all Nuisances, An-

c noyances, and Obstructions therein were removed and prevented for the future; and the Inhabitants of

f the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, arc willing to pave

* the fame at their oun Expence, but as the fame cannot be eftefted without the Aid of Parliament May

it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and T emporal, and Commons, in this

picitnt Parliament alTcrabled, and by the Authority of the same. That Harry Aker man, William Complin, Cofr.nrmTtoners-

Richard Pp^aua.

