A.D. Aiiftb decimo tertio'G&o&eiiin, G. 40: >11

VII. Artd be it farther Thft ttye C^mmissionefs nominated and appointed for the said Se- Commissioner*

cond District by the said former Act* or defied pr chofeo so pursuance thereof* and their Successors, Womt^.^

shall be* and are hereby appointed Commifjiooers for carrying info Execution this present Act, and I^nt A&to*

all the Powers and Authorities^ hereby given; And that it stall gfwj may be lawfuj for the said Com- hi*ee*u*i

missioners nominated and appointed, or so be pommated and appointed, for the f$cppd District P##er.

or Division, gs, aforesaid* or any. Five or more of them* to meet at the several Tunes, and Place*

mentioned in the said former Act, and in this Act, as well to put ip Execution the several Powers and

Authorities of this Act, as of the said former Act, so far as the fame relates to the said

.... District

or Divifton; and, from Time to Time, to adjpurn such Meetings, and meet again at such other

Times and Places as. they shall think proper: And ip. case of thje Jpifqualjficatiop or Resignation of

any of the said Commimonera for the said Second District or Pivision, the Vacancy or Vacancies

occasioned thereby shall, at all Times after the passing of this Act, be filled up, ip ftjch apd the fame

Manner, as by the said former Act is. directed, put of the Pjerfone qualified by the said former Act, to lit*

vote, and aft as Commissioners for the said Second District, under the said Act; And that such Person

or Persons, so to be chosen and defted Commiffijonec^ w aforesaid, a#d may, aftyr he qr they

shall be foebofen artA elected a Commissionef or Coromiffiopers, as aforffoid, 'fit. vote, apd act as a

Cooamissioner or Commissioners for the said Second Difirict or Piviftpo, apd foall be, and is, ?p4

hereby are declared to be a Cdmmissioner or Commiffippyrs for putting this Act, and the said

former Apt, in Execution, and shall be, and are hereby vested with the fame Powers and Authorities

as the Commissioners under the said former Act are vested with; any Thing to the Contrary

notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That such Commissioner or Commissioners, before heoro^jo^

they shall take upon himself or themselves the Execution of any>of the Powers or Authorities take an Oath,

given by this Act, or the said former Act, shall take tfed Oath for being of the People called

£>juikers% the solemn Affirmation \ required and directed to be taken by the said former Act; which

said Oath or Affirmation any One of the said Commissioners i$ hereby impowered and required to

administer.

TX. And, to the End the said Rates and Taxes hereby charged and assessed may be from On Default of

‘Time to Time the more easily collected and received, be it further enacted by the Authority Payment of

aforpfaid. That if any Person or PersonSf shall refute or neglect to pay the respective Rates, Taxes, Tixes#

or Sums of Money, rated, charged, or assessed, upon him* her, or them, or the Lands and.;

Grounds; in his, her, or their Possession or Occupation, by virtue of and undef the Powers of

^this Act, pr the said former Act, within Twenty-one Days next after the fame shall become due and

-Payable* *nd Demand made thereof by the Collector or Collectors appointed to repe.iye the /$me, on

the Lands or Grounds charged therewith, pr at the Dwelling-house of the Tenapa or Occupier Commissioners

theiepf, it Audi and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Collectors, or for arty other Person orto hvc Power

Persons, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, to,di*ain»

( which said Warrant or Precept such Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, are hereby

impowered and required, from Time to Time, to make, as Occasion shall require), to enter into

and upon the the Lands and Grounds so rated and taxed as aforesaid, in Possession of such Person or

Persons as shall so make Default in Payment as aforefttid, and all Messuages and Tenements thereupon

(landing, or thereunto belonging, with the Appurtenances, and to levy the Sum Qf Sums of Money,

by him, her, or them, payable for such Rate and Tax, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chat-

tels of such Owner or Occupier, in such and the same Manner as is directed by virtue of the said

former Act.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Tenant to pay

several and respective Tenant and Tenants of all and Angular the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds Tara, and de-

within the said Second District, which shall be assessed, taxed, and charged, by virtue of this Act, to d»a.thafame

pay, and they are hereby required and authorised to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be out nfhia Bent,

so assessed, taxed, and charged, uport their said Lands and Grounds respectively, and to dedi^ft the fame

out of his or her Rent or Rents, in such and the same Manner as by the said former Act is directed ;

and the Landlord and Landlords, both mediate and immediate, according to their respective Interests

therein, are hereby required to allow such Deduction and Payment accordingly: But such Landlord

or Landlords shall be intituled to the fame Powers with respect to such Deductions and Payments as

are mentioned and contained in the said former Act; any Thing tereia-before contained to the Coil-

uay, notwithft^oding.

XL Provided always. That in case any of the said Lands and Grounds shall, at any Time after Inctfc Lands

tbp puffing of >thi$ Act; bo unoccupied, and rto Distress cart be found) by re* foil whereof the Sums of are amounted,

Money so assessed, taxed, and charged thereon, cannot be raised; then, and in such Cafe, the Rate or

Tax, and the Arrears thereof, so due, and to become due, by virtue of this Act, or the said former

Act, shall remain a Charge upon the said Lands and Grounds Until the fame shall be occupied; and thereon,

when and so soon as the fame shall be so occupied, it shall and may be lawful for such respective Col-

lector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, for the Time being, or for any other Persons, by virtue

of such Warrantor Precept as aforesaid, to enter into and upon the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, 0Q at any futuic

and distrain for such Taxes, and the Arrears thereof, when there shall be any Distress thereon to be Time when

found, in whose-soever Possessien such Fen Lands or Low Grounds shall happen to come or be, and tenanted,

the Distress and Distreffes there found to fell, as in Manner hcreia-befoxe and in the said former Act,

is directed.

4 Y 2 XII. And

