598 C. 68.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A.D.

177^

Owners of tt- CIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That nothing in this Act contained

c*nt Gr^UIlf not shall extend^ or be construed to extend, to impower the said Commissioners to charge, or make charge-

more tLn 100 aMefany One Pfoprietpr, Owner, or Leflee, of such vacant Ground, with more than Two hundred

'fyure Yards, square Yards of Paving, on account of any such vacant Ground,* in any One Square, Street, or Place,

until the fame shall be built upon, or shall be in building.

Entriesof Rates. CX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk or Clerks for the Time

being to the said Commissioners, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to keep proper En-

tries, in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, of all and singular the Rates and Afltflments

which they shall make by virtue of This Act, and shall keep the Entries of the Rates or Alleflments

made for the Purposes of paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, separate and distinct from the

Rates or Assessments made for the Purposes*of Charter-house Lane; to which Book or Books every Per-

son liable to pay the said Rates or A(TeAments respectively shall and may have free Access, at all conve-

nient Times, and shall be permitted to inspect the fame without Fee or Reward.

CXI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be

deemed or taken to make void any Contraft, Covenant, or Agreement, between Landlord and Te-

nant, touching or concerning the paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, or watching any, or any Part of

the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, within the Limits aforesaid;

butethat every Person who is now by virt< e of any such Contraft or Agreement, obliged to pave, keep

in repair, cleanse, light, or watch any, or any Part of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards,

Alleys, Passages, or Places, (hell in Lieu thereof be obliged to pay the Rates hereby directed to be made

and assessed, or so much thereof as the said Commissioners shall deem just; and according to the true

Meaning of such Contraft, Covenant, or Agreement, for and during the Time that such Contract, Co-

venant, or Agreement, shall remain in Force: And in case any Dispute shall arise, concerning such

Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, the said Commissionefs shall have Power to hear and finally deter-

mine the fame.

CXIL^ And be it enacted, That all and every Person or Persons paying the Rates by this Act laid

~~ ~ ‘ ~ them, is and are hereby exempt-

Conrra&s be-

tween Landlord

iand Tenant not

♦to be void.

ryerfani paying

Rates exempted

Arrears not to be

excused.

Exemption of

Charter-house

Square.

^Vom^avll^&c. an(* a^cflp^ by*the.said Commissioners, shall be, and they, and every of 1

p ed ahd discharged from the Expence of paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, or watching the said

Squares, Streets, or Places, or any of them, and also from all Penalties which may or might be incur-

red by reason ofitheir neglecting to pave, repair, cleanse, light, or watch the fame.

CXIII. ^Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this

Act'Contained shall prevent the collecting any Arrears due from any Person or Persons wirhin the

^Limits aforesaid, for any of the Purposes of this Act, under the Direction of the said Commissioners.

CXIV. ^Provided always, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to charge

the Inhabitants or Owners or Occupiers of any of the Houses or Tenements in Charter-hor/fe Square,

.or in the Courts within the same, with the Payment of any Rate or AiTeifment, at any 'Time to be

made and levied by virtue of this Act, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Square?,

Streets, Lanes, ana other Places before mentioned, or to subject the said Square to be paved, cleansed,

,lighted, and watched, in any other Manner than as directed and authorised by an Act made in the

^Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the JJecond, intituled, An Ac! to enable

the present and future'Proprietors and Inhabitants t

Middlesex, to tnake a Rate for raijin\* Money ejfetlu

Square, and to continue the fame in Repair; this Act or any

trary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

- CXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Collector or Collectors of

to ;h« Treasurer, respective Rates made under the Direction of the said Commissioners, shall pay the Money, as he

or they shall receive the same, to the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to the f id Com-

missioners j and upon Payment of every such Sum of Money to such Treasurer or Treafure s, such

Collector or Collectors shall take a Receipt for the fame of the said Treasurer or Treasurers which

in A not to retain be given without Fee or Reward, and therein the Name or Names of such Collector or Col-

Money iaHand. leftors shall beexprefled, and ihe Sum or Sums of Money paid shall be specified: And if such Collector

or Collectors shall at any Time keep and retain, in his or their Hands, more than the Sum of One

hundred Pounds for any Time longer than the Space of Fourteen Days, (provided the Treasurer or

Treasurers to such Commissioners shall within that Time be ready to receive the same) he or they shall

forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every Day that he or they shall retain any Sum exceeding

the Sum of One hundred Pounds beyond the said Fourteen Days.

CXVf. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the

said Commissioners, and they are hereby impowered, from l ime to Time, when they shall judge

it necessary for any or either of the Purposes aforesaid, to borrow and take up at Into rest such Sum

or Sums of Money as any Person or Persons is or are willing to lend and advance upon the Credit of

any of the said several Rates authorised to be made by the said Commissioners, and by any Writing or.

Writings upon Vellum or Parchment, figrnd by the said Commissioners, to assign the said Rates re-

fpcctively, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Money on

any such particular Rate, as a Security or Securities for the several Sums so borrowed, with Interest

for ihe fame; which Interest (hnll be payable and paid half-yearly by the TreTurer or Treasurers to

the said Commissioners for the Time being, out of the Monies to arise by or from the particular Rates

or AfielTinents on ihe Credit of which such Monies were respectively advanced and paid.

CXVIL

f C&lle&or to pay

Commissioners

may borrow

Money on the

Credit of the

iUles.

