866 C. jS. Anna decimo tertia Gsoagii HI; A.D. 1773.

forfeited by an Act, passed in rite Thirteenth. Year of the Reign of HU present Majesty, intituled, An

Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the Statutes now in being for the Amendment

and Preservation of the pub lick Highways within that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other

Purposes \ and the Plaintiff, if he recovers in any such Actions, shall have Double Cost*.

LXXVI. Provided, That there shall not be more than One Recovery for the fame Offence ; and

are°to be com- that Ten Days. Notice, in Writing* be given to the Party offending previous to the Commencement of

menced, and such Action; and that the fame be brought and commenced within One Calendar Month after the

\*h*t Notice is Offence for which such Action is brought shall have been committed.

to be given.

ConviOionshow LXXVII. Provided also* and be it further enaftqd', That no Goaviftion shall be had or made by

to be m»de. virtue of this Act, unless upon Confeifion of the Party accused, or upon the Oath of One or more

credible Witness or Witnesses, or upon the View of a justice of Peace, in the Cafes before mentioned ;

Inhabitant of a and that any Inhabitant of any Parish, Township, or Place, in which any Offence shall be committed

Parish a good contrary to this Act, shall be deemed a competent Witness, notwithstanding his or her being an In-

Witness. habitant of such Parish, Township, or Place.

justicemay ad- LXXVIII. And be it father enacted, That it shall* and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace

number Oaths, to administer an Oath to any Witness of Witnesses, or other Person or Persons, for the better

Discovery and Execution of the several Matters or Things herein-before authorised or directed to be

examined, enquired into, or performed by such Justice.

SativfaQionre- LXXIX. And be it further enacted. That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums

s0Ve*2iD for Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distrcis itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the

bu^Distrcft^not* PartY *>r Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Default

unlawful foe or want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be

want of Form in deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards

the iroceeding*. done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may

recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Cafe.

Plaintiffs not to LXXX. Provided always. That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any Irre-

lecover for hr*-guilty, Trespafs, or wrongful Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on

der^fAmcndT* ^ Behalf of the Party qr Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such Ir-

be made. regularity, Trespafs, or wrongful Proceedings, before such Action brought ; and in cale no such Ten-

der shall have been.made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant in any such Action, by Leave

of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such

Sum of Moneyas he or they (halMee fit, whereupon such Proceedings or Orders, and Judgement,

shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Action; where the Defendant is al-

lowed to pay Money into Court.

Appeal may be LXXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That if any Person shall think himself or herself

Sessions>2ft^r aggrieved by any Thing done by any Justice or Justices of the rcace, or other Person, in the Exe-

Person aggrieved cution of any of the Powers given by this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath

by any Thing ‘been already appointed, every such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at any General

done m thcEac- Quarter Sections of the Peace to be held for the Limit wherein the Cause of such Complaint shall

cltion of this arise, such Appellant giving, or causing to be given, Notice in Wiiting, of his or her Intention to

bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Justice, or other Person or Persons against: which

such Complaint shall be made, within Six Days after the Caufj of such Complaint arose, and within

Four Days after such Notice, entering into Recognizance before forne Justice of the Peace within

such Limit, with One sufficient Surety, conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide the Order of,

and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Section ; and every Justice of

the Peace, and other Person, having received Notice of such Appeal, as aforesaid, shall return all Pro-

ceedings whatsoever had before them respectively, touching the Matter of such Appeal, to the said

Tuftices, at their General Quarter Sessions aforesaid, on Pain of forfeiting Five Pounds for every such

Neglect ; and the said Justices at such Sections, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as afore -

laiJ, and of the entering inro such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Mat-

ters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed

against, as they the said Justices shall think proper ; to be levied and recovered as herein-before di-

rested ; and the Determination of such Quarter Section shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and

Proceedings not Purposes ; and that no Proceedings to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or

to be ouaihcd ror vacated for want of Form, or removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, (ex-

no ”remo\^abl*e CCP* as herein * before mentioned), into any of His Majesty *s Courts of Record at JVcJhninJler, any Law

> Cciuuraxi. Statute to the Contrary notwithstanding : Provided, that no such Appeal shall be made against any

Conviction for any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred by virtue of this Act, unless the Person convicted

shall* at the Time of fuen Conviction, if he or she shall be then present, if not, within Six Da>s

after, give Notice of*his or her Intention to appeal, and at the fame Time enter into Recognizance

*vith sufficient Sureties to pay such Penalty or Forfeiture, in case such Conviction shall be affirmed upon

such Appeal; and upon his or her giving such Security, the further Proceeding for such Penalty or For-

feiture shall be suspended until such Appeal shall be heard and determined.

Limitation©!] LXXXII. And be it further epafted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any

Aitiooi. Person or Persons for any Thing done or acted in pursuance of this Act ; then* and in every such

Cale, such Action or Suit shall be commenced or pxofecuted within Three. Calendar Months after the

a * FkA

1

boogie

