% 16

t^onviftion of

Otfonden to be

drawn up in the

following

Form.

'. i ’i

, t.

i

i , i

/Lla^iutfoa of

aAi$ai.

/Centra} Iflbe.

Double Cofl«.

This Act not to

airer the former

Act.

Hijthts of Cor*

^oration of Bed-

lord L-vel re-

fer ved.

Publick Act.

C. 40; 41. Anno decimo tertio Georg it Ilf. A.D. *773.

XXX. And. for the more easy and speedy ConvivTion ftf Offenders against this Act, and the said

former A&, be it further enacted, That all and every the Justice and Justices of the Peace, before

whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, or the said former

Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the foilowin® Form of Words, or in any

! other Form of Words to the fame Effect, as the Cafe (fyall happen, (videlicet:)

E it remembered, Thai on the Day of in the Tear cf

our Lord A. B- is convicted before me C. D. One of His Ala-

jesty'i fuflices of the Peaeefor the Isle of Ely, (either on his own Confejpon, or on the Oath of Qpe or more

credible IVitneJs or fVitneff-s, (as the Cafe shall be), by virtue of an /lot, made in the Thirteenth’ Tear rf

the Reign of His Majesty King George the Thirds for amending and rendering mo^e effectual an Act

made in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Alaje/ly King George the Second, intituled,

w An Act for discharging the Corporaciom of the Governor, Dailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Gom-

“ pany of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford\ Level, from a

M Debt due to the Duke of Bedford^ and Earl of Lincoln \ and for enabling the Proprietors of

“ Lands-in the North Levr/, Part of the said Great Level, to raise Money to dlfcharge the Pro-

,c<* portion of the said North Levels in the Debts of the said Corporation; and for afqerUining, and ap*»

1 *+ propriating the Taxes to be laid on. the said North Level; and for the more effectual draining and

44 preferring the said North Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Cs'owland; fa

4C far as the fame relates to the everal Fen Lands lying in the Second Diflrifl in the said defer ibed

T4pedfying the Offence, and Time and Place when and where the fame was committed, as the Cafe*

Uiall be], Hiven under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Tear above written*

. 1

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be

commenced or profeciited ,against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done, or to be done, in

pursuance of this Act, or in Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given, every

such Action, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted within Twelve Calendar

Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards; and shall belaid or brought in the

Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, or Northampton, Of the Ife of Ely, or One of them, and not

elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants mi. such Action or Suit shall and may plead th-e General

Ifl’ue, Not Guilty; and if in Replevin, may justify and avow, by virtue of this Act, as Persons

afling under and by Authority of Commiflfioners of Sewers are in titled to do, and give this Act,

and the Special Matter, in Evidence, without specially pleading the same, other than as aforesaid, at

any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of

this Act: And if the fame shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit mall

be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the fame, or shall be brought in any other

County or Jurisdiction, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or

Avowants; or if the Plaint iff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution, of difeon-

tinue his, her, or their Suit or Suits; or if any Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them,

upon Demurrer, or other wise; then, or in any of the said Cafes, the Defendant or Defendants,

Avowant or Avowants, shall recover Double Colls, for which he, she, or they shall have the like Re-

medy as where Coffs by-Law are awarded*

XXXIf. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this

Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, alter, or take away any of the Clauses,

Powers, and Authorities, given by the said former Act to the Commissioners acting by vi tuc and in

pursuance thereof j but that every Clause, Power, and Authority, therein contained, shall remain,

and be in the fame Force and EflFedI, as if this Act had never been made; any Thing herein con-

tained to the Contrary thereof notwithstanding; But that all the Clauses, Powers, and Authorities

given by the.said former Act, so far as the fame relate to the said Second District or Division, shall

extend, and be construed to extend, to this Act, as fully and cff’edtually as if the fa ne were re-

peated and rc-enacted in this present Act; save only and except such Part or Parts thereof as are

altered and taken away by virtue of this Act.

XXX 1)1. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every the Rights, Powers, Juris-

dictions, and Authorities, shall be saved and reserved unto the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty

of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and their

Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, and

Adminiffiutors, now veiled in and enjoyed by them.

XXXIV. And be itfurth r enacted and declared. That this Act shall be deemed and allowed, in

all Courts wirhin this Kingdom, and upon all Occasions whatsoever, to be a Publick Act; and shall

be judicially tak n Notice of as such by all Courts, Judges, and other Persons, without specially

pleading the same.

CAP. XLT.

An Act for enabling fames Cox, Jeweller, to dispose of his Museum, commonly, called Cox's ATu~

feum, by Way of Chance, in such Manner as may be mod for the Benefit of himself and his

Creditors.

CAP.

