A.D. 1771.

Anno undecimo Georgii IN.

C. 46. 275

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death of any such Officer, or other Person, to be ap-Representttiut

pointed as aforesaid, his Executors or Administrators shall, within twenty-one Days next after the Decease of Office* to ic.

of such Officer or Person, deliver to the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, an Account *ountand P*r

of the Monies collected, or received, by the Officer or Person so deceased, and shall also deliver all Books, other DcbV0

Pipers and Things, concerning his Office, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any

seven or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same; which Money, if any due, shall be paid by the

Executors or Administrators of the Officer or Person so deceased, in preference to and before any of his or

their ether Debts arc paid or Satisfied.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, who, as Clerk, Surveyor, or any other Officer, ofiver* taking

or Servant, shall be any ways employed by the said Commissioners in putting this A&, or any of the Powers

thereof, in Execution, shall exact, take, or accept any Fee or Reward whatsoever, other than such Sal a- tbau

ties. Allowances, and Rewards as shall be appointed, allowed, and approved of by the said Commissioners,

or any (even or more of them, for or on account of any Thing done, or to be done, by virtue of this Act,

or on any Account whatsoever relative to the putting this Act in Execution, or shall any ways be con- '

cerncd in Intercil in any Bargain or Contract made, or to be made, by the said Commissioners, or any

of them, for the Purposes of putting this Act in Execution, every such Person so offending shall b: inca-

pable of ever serving, or being employed under this Act; and shall over and above forfeit the Sum of one to te

hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same by any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, ot -rd to

or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record, within six Calendar Months after the Offence

committed ; in which said Suit no Efloin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance,

shall be allowed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act, the Property of Pigments, &c.

aM the present and future Pavements whatsoever in the said Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, and Yard, herein- v,/*Ck1 ,n ^Jln'

after mentioned 5 that is to say, In ChiJwell-street, the Lordship Part of Grub-/lreet, Bunbili-roiv, Brown- ,onris*

jlretty Feathcrstone-street^ 'James-flrcet, IVbitecrofe-jlrect, Golden-lane, the South and North Sides of Old-

Jhcet, the Lad Side of Gofiucll-jlrect% Blue Anchor-alley, and Playhcufe-yai d, and of all Materials,

implements, and Things, which shall be purchased, provided, or made Use of for the Purposes of this

Act, shall be, and the lame are hereby veiled in the said Commissioners, and they, or any seven or more

of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in

the Names of any three or more of rhem, or in the Name of their Treasurer, or Clerk, or to prefer, or

order and direCl the preferring of any Bill or Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons whomsoever,

who shall (leal, purloin, take, carry away, spoil, injure, or dcilroy the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof,

or disturb them in the Possession thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall have Commissioner*

full Power and Authority, from time to time, to cause, order, and direct the said Streets, Row, Lane, c*ufc the

Alley, and Yard, or any of them, to be paved, repaired, raised, funk, or altered, when, and in such to

Manner, as they shall think fit (except in Chifucell-Jlrect \ in the making of the Level of which Street, pa?c

from the End of Bunbill-row to Aloorfields, the Commissioners for paving shall give Notice to the Clerk of

the Woiksof the City of London, and he and the Superintendant of the Commissioners for paving, ap-

pointed by this Act, (nail ascertain and fix the Levels of such Parts of the said Street, as near as can be,

for the Convenience of the New Buildings intended to be erected by the City of London, and the Convex

nience of the other Freeholders in the said Street).

XI. Provided always, That the Pavements of the several Streets and Places called Chiswell-street, Particutir

11 hitecrrj\~jhect, and Golden-lane, shall be completed, previous to and bcfoic any other Street or Place, to $trec,s ln b«

be paved by virtue of this Act, shall be begun to be paved. • Fdvcd

XII. And be it further enacted, Tn?.t the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall also Power to employ

have full Power and Authority to cause to be dug, carted, and carried out of, or brought into the said Woi*mc»,

Streets, Row, Lane, Alley, and Yard, such Gravel, Stones, and other Materials, and to employ such

Artificers, Workmen, Labourers, Carters, and others, and to issue such Money on those Accounts, and

to do all and every such other Acts and T hings as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them,

shall judge neccfT.iry, or conducive to the accomnlishing the Ends and Dcligns of this Act.

Xlift. And be it further enacted. That the said Commissioners, or any (even or more of them, may, CommiflLn-rs

ard are hereby irrpDwered, from time to time, as Occefion shall require, to contract with any Person or may makcCwa-

IVrfons for paving, and keeping in Repair, the said Streets, Row, Line, Alky, and Yard, or any cf

them ; which Contrail and Contrails Hull fpceify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid

for the funic, and the Time or Times when the said Works shall be completed, and the Penalties to be

(offered in case of Non-petfcrmance thereof; and fh II be signed determined by the said Commissioners, or any seven

or n*orc of them, and determined by the Person or Priffns cmitrDling to perlorm such Works; but previous to the

making of any such Contract, ten Days Notice Hull be given in feme public Newspaper, exptefling the

Intention of the inte nded Contrail, in order that any Pci ton or Pei Ions willing to undertake the fame,

rmy make Propofais for that Pu.pose, to be offered and preknted to the said Commissioners, at a cettuin

T 1 me and Place in such Notice to be mentioned.

XIV. And be it further enacted. T hat if any Person or Persons (lull, at any Time or T lines, obffl llifl, Perulty on r>b»

hinder, or mokfl, any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, Workmen, Person or Pei Ions flrjcUng Woik-

whatsoever, who are or Hull he employed by virtue of this Act, in the Performance or Execution of their nion»

1) rv ; every such Person so offending shall, for the fiill Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shil-

1 ngs; for the ferond Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings; and for the third and every other Offence, the

Sum of thiee Pounds.

1 N n 2 XV. And

C.00QL e

