A.D. 1772.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

C. 37. 463

tees, or any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act; and every

Person so to be elected a Trustee, shall have the fame Powers and Authorities, to all Intents and Pur-

poses, as if he had been named a Trustee in this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That such of the Trustees appointed, or to be.appointed, in or by

virtue of this Act, ns shall be a Justice or Justices of the Peace, may and is, and are hereby authorised 1 M Ju

and impowered to act as a Justice or Justices of the Peace within the Limits of his or their proper Ju-

rifdiftion respectively, in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities hereby given to any Justice or

Justices of the Peace, notwithstanding his or their being such Trustee or Trusteees; provided such

justice or Justices i$ or ar* otherwise qualified, and not interested in the Matter in question, other than

as a Trustee or Trustees.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall meet Time aaJ PJi*e

within Six Weeks after passing this Act, at the House of William Vaivfer, known by the Sign of The j^rnmUTwattf

BUick Swan, in the Town of Market IVeighton aforesaid, or at some other House in the said Town, and

shall then proceed to the Execution of this Act; and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them,

may, from Time to T ime, agree upon, and hold any future Meetings, with or without Adjournment,

at such Times, and Place or Places, being within Twelve Miles distant from the said intended Naviga-

tion aforesaid, as they, or the major Part of them, shall think most convenient, for putting this Act in

Execution.

IX. Provided always, That the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall, and are hereby Conuninioiiento-

required to hold One General Annual Meeting, for the Purposes herein-after exptefled, at Market j*a° Mist*

U’cighton aforesaid, on the Fifth Day of May in every Year, not being Sunday, and in case the fame shall

happen to be Sunday, then on the Day next following, until all and every the Powers and Authorities

given to the said Commissionci s by this Act shall be fully and completely executed and performed. '

X. Provided also, That nothing shall be done by the said Commissioners or Trustees, in the Execu-

tion of this Act, but at a Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, or in Consequence of some Order

or Orders made at such Meeting or Meetings.

XI. And be it further enacted, T hat it fhnil and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any How Meetings

Seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time toTime, both be-to be W4*

fore and after the Excution of the Award by this Act directed to b? made, to hold any Meeting or Meet-

ings, with or without Adjournment, at such Time or Times, Place or Places, being within Twelve

Miles distant from the said Navigation, as they the said T ruftees, or any Seven of them, shall think most

convenient; and if at any Meeting or Meetings appointed to he held by virtue of this Act there shall not,

appear a sufficient Number of Trustees to act, or to adjourn to another Day, the Trustee or Trustees

then present, or the Clerk to the said T ruftees, shall, from T ime to Time, as often as such Cafe shall so

happen, by Notice to be given in The York Courant, or some other Newspaper as aforesaid, at least

Ten Days before the next Meeting, appoint the said Trustees to meet at the Place where the last Meet-

ing was appointed to be held, within Thirty Days after the Day for which such last Meeting was ap-

pointed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, Ypileeof

during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act; and that the said Trustees, and every Profit.

of them, at all*and every the Meetings to be held for the Execution of this Act, shall bear and defray Trustee* it Meet-

their own Expences; but that all other Charges and Expences they, or any of them, shall or may be tog* to defray

put unto, by executing the Powers vested in shem by this Act, shall be repaid or allowed to them, and lheif E*"

they Ihair be indemnified against the fame,v by and out of the Monies arising from the Drainage or Na-

▼igation respectively by virtue of this Act. piUj ay 0thtt

Charges when executing their Powers, ftc.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, until the said Drainage and Naviga- Commissionersto

tion shall he finally completed, and the said Commissioners shall have made their Award as herein-after

directed, shall have the Direction and Survey of all the private Works of Drainage within the said of DraAna*e*

Commons, Low Grounds, and Cars.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any of0utrinB an*

the said Commons, Low Grounds, and Cars, or any Part thereof, to which any Leading, Outring, fc^Top^n!,l0

or Division Dike or Dikes, doth or shall belong, hath or have filled up, or shall fill up, or make any

Dam, Heading, or Way over the fame* without laying a sufficient otock, Tunnel, or Bridge, in,

uoder, or over it or them, or shall neglect or refuse sufficiently to reed, road, scour, cleanse, open, or

repair such Leading, Outring, or Division, Dike or Dikes, after Twenty-one Days Notice given to

him, her, or them, for that Purpose, by the respective Surveyor or Surveyors, Collector or Collectors,

for the Time being, appointed by virtue of this Act, so that such Outring or Division Dikes may at

all Times be made and kept of such Size and Dimensions as the said Commissioners, or the major

Part of them, shall direct. and have a free and open Communication with the main or Mother Drains,

to be made in pursuance hereof; then it shall and may be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors,

Collector or Collectors, to cause such Dike or Dikes to be reeded, roaded, scoured, and cleansed, or

enlarged in a sufficient Manner as aforesaid; and where there is not a sufficient Stock, Tunnel, or

Bridge, in, under, or over such Dams. Headings, or Ways, to cause such Stock, Tunnel, or Bridge,

to be taken up, and made so wide and deep ns the fame ought to be; and by Warrant or Warrants

under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, (which they, or the

major Part of them, are hereby impowered to grant), to levy the Charge thereof upon the Goods and

Chattels

