A.D. 177a. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 38. 483

Election being given* by affixing the fame in Writing upon the principal Door of the said Parifa

Church of Chn/i Church; and all Persons who shall be so elected, are hereby veiled with the fame

Powers and Authorities as the Commissioners herein named are veiled with.

V. Provided al.ways, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Com- Verhn to hz

missioner in the Execution of this Act, during the Time he shall hold any Place or Profit under the a CommUTicner

fame, or have any Share or Interest in any Contrail relating to the Execution of any of the Powers he hold* a

of this Act, or shall fell Ale, Wine, or Spirituous Liquors by Retail; but such Commissioners as arc Pkce ®f Profit.

Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, or for the Liberty of His Majesty’s Tower of Lon- '^contr^a;

don. may, nevertheless, a ft as Justices in the Execution of this Act, except in such Cafes where they but justice* may*

shall be personally interested: And in all Cafes where Cognizance is given by this Act to any Justice a£ ajfuch,un-

or Justices of the Peace, it shall be lawful for such Justice and Justices to administer an Oath to any lef^whenper-

Person or Persons, for more certain Information in the Matter depending: And in all Cafes where the »otcte*«

Commissioners are authorised or imDowered to bring or institute Actions at Law, the fame shall and

may be brought or instituted in the Name or Names of the Treasurer or Treasurers appointed by vir- minister Oatj&a

tue of this Act. when necessuy,

VI. Provided likewise, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Com- q..

missioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall then be in his own Right, or in the Right of

his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment, or Receipt of the Rents, I(Tues, or Profits of Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds, or shall be Heir-apparent

to some Person having such Estate of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or be possessed

of a personal Estate to the Amount or Value of One thousand Pounds: And if any Person not being

so qualified, or being rendered incapable in Manner aforesaid, shall nevertheless prefuir.e to act as a ing ifiLtqiuii-

Commissioner in the Execution of this AS, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and fed*

pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, in any of His Ma-

jessy’s Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no

Eflbin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Per*

son so prosecuted mall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty,

upon Proof given of his having acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Adl.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers arid Authorities by this Adl granted to, or Majority atpuk-

vested in, the Commissioners hereby constituted as aforesaid, shall and may, from Time to Time, be lick Meeting* to

exercised by the major Part of them who shall attend any publick Meeting to be holden as herein-

after mentioned, the Number of the Commissioners present at any such Meeting not being less than

Five, (except where a greater Number is declared necessary by this Adl); and all the Orders and Pro- Five to be

ceedings of the major Part of the Commissioners present at such Meetings shall have the fame Force and

Effect as if done or made by all the Commissioners constituted by this Act. pointed P

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall meet together in the Vestry-First Meeting of

room in the said Parish of Christ Church on the Second Wednesday next after the passing of this Act, Commissionert.

between the Hours of Tcivin the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, and shall proceed to the Exe- Power to ad-

cution of this Adl; and shall then* and from Time to Time, afterwards adjourn themselves to meet

at the fame or at any other Place or Places within the said Parish, as such Commissioners shall think

proper or convenient for putting this Adl in Execution; and of which Adjournment Notice in Wri-

ting, or printed, and fiened by the Clerk, shall be given, by affixing the fame on the principal Door

of the Parish Church Four Days at lead before such intended Meeting: And if it shall happen that

there shall not appear at any Meeting a sufficient Number of Commissioners to act, and to adjourn to

another Day, or in case the said Commissioners ailembled shall omit, neglect, or refuse to adjourn

themselves; then, and in every such Cafe, the Cleric shall, and is hereby required to summon the

Commissioners to meet within Ten Days after, at the same Place* such Summons to be ligned by trie

Clerk, and to be delivered at the lad or usual Place of Abode of such Commissioners as aforesaid, at

lead Two Days before such Meeting; and in case the said Clerk shall happen to die before such Sum-

mons blued, or shall neglect or omit to issue any such Summons in Manner aforesaid, then the

Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to the Commissioners shall and may, and he or they is

and are hereby required to issue such Summons within Eight Days from the l ime the said Com- Coimnliriener*

missioners ought to have been summoned by the Clerk in Manner aforesaid: And the Commissioners to defray their

shall at all their Meetings pay their own Expences: But no Act, Order, or Determination, of the said own Kxptntc*.

Commissioners shall be valid unless done or made at a publick Meeting to beheld by virtue of this NoOrder, &c.

Act, except as herein-after is excepted; and all the Acts, Orders, and Proceedings, of the Commis- v^hdmade

sioners shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and ligned by the Chairman at

their next Meeting; and such Acts, Orders, and Proceedings, shall then be deemed and taken to be procerdinss to be

Originals; and such Book or Books shall and may be produced and read in Evidence* and allowed as entered in a

stich in all Courts whatsoever, Bcok, and read

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may, by Writing under their «Evidence.

Hands and Seals, from Time to Time. as they shall find neccilary* appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers,

Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors, Surveyor or Surveyors, and an Inspector, and such other rc-

Officers for the Execution of this Act, as they the said Commissioners shall think proper; and may, move thou if

from Time to Time, discharge or turn off any or either of them; and out of the Money to be raised occt(f«y.

by virtue of this Act the said Commissioners may appoint such Salaries, and make such Allowances, to

such Officers, and to all other Persons by them the said Commissioners employed in the Execution of

this Act* as they the said Commissioners shall think reasonable; and they shall take such Security for the Officfrf (e iye

3 0.* Execution

