75* C. 46. Anno dectmo tertio Grqiuiii IU, A.D. 1773.

sally, to all Intents and Purposes, as such Commissioners respectively might aft and do if they were

personally present.

' t^when of 50 IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he

Acre*ro appoint lawful /or any P*rfon, who i$ the real Ovn^r of Fifty Acres of taxable Land, lying \vjtbin the

a Commifiijoor. Ljmits afo^cfaiJ, by Writing under his of her Hand, from Time to Time, and for such Time as he

or (he (hill think proper, to appoint One Commissiorer for every such Fifty Acres^of Land, over

and above the Commissioners herein-before appointed for putting this Act, and all the Powers and

Authorities herein contained into Execution; and that such Commissioners, so nominated and ap-

pointed by such Owner or Owners of Fifty Acres respectively as aforesaid, shall be Commissioners, to

all Intents and Purposes, for carrying this Act into Execution.

If Q«vnen of50 V. Provided always* and be rt further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if

Acres be a M»- any Person, who by virtue of this Act is impowered to act as a Commissioner in Person, or by De-

nor, such M«- puty, shall, at the Time of passing this Act, or at any Time afterwards, be a Minor under the Age

nor or his Gu*r- nf Fwenty-one Years, Idiot, Lunatick, or of unfound Mind, it shall and may be lawful for the

■ SmmXoner Sardian of such Minor, and for the Committee or Trustee of such Idiot, Lunatick, or Person of

during UDfownd Mind, to act in Person as a Commissioner for putting this Act into Execution, or in his or

nority* her Ahfence, by Writing under his or her Hand, to appoint a Deputy for that Purpose; anJ also

Old! and may, by Writing under his or her Hand, nominate and appoint a Commissioner for every

.Fifty Acres Of Land belonging to such Minor or other Person under such legal Disability as afore-

said; and that such Commissioners so nominated and appointed, shall be to all Intenu and Purposes

Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution.

Joint Owner* VJ. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Person3 who (h ill be joint Tenants, Te-

ruy be Comm if- nanls jn common, or Parceners of any Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, and subject to be

ap^int p" T by virtue of this Act, shall, for their several and respective Shares, be intitled to act by virtue

tic*. of such respective Shares as Commissioners by themselves or Deputies, and shall have the fame Powers

as if such Lands so held by therp as joint Tenants, Tenants in common, or Parceners, were actually

fevered and divided provided that such respective Shares ftnli amount unto Eight Acre® or Fifty

Acres respectively.

TProceaiings to VII. And be it further enacted, That every Nomination of a Commissioner or -Commidinners in

v^- entered ia purCuance of this Act shall be entered gratis determined by the Clerk to the said Commilfiorvers in a Book to be

Fooks. jccpt for

Purpose; and that such Commissioner or Commissioners shall and may, and is and are

hereby impowered to act in the Execution of this Act, until superfeded by a freQi Nomination, to be

■entered in such Book as aforesaid.

Meetings of Viil. And* for the more cflefttnl raising and levying Money for the general draining, and pre-

(Concunissioner*. seeing the Lands comprised within the Limits aforesaid, and answering the Purposes of this Act, it is

hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the (said Commissioners hsrrcbv nominated

and appointed, and such other Commissioners as shall hereafter feece.d them, or any Five or more

.of them, ftnli meet Twice in every Year; that is to say. Upon Monday next before the AfcenUo 1 of

.our Lord, and the Second Monday in September, (which Meetings shall be called General Meetings),

beGdcs the Firdl Meeting hereby appointed, at some publick H?use in the Parish of Yaxley aforesaid, to

be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and at such other Times and

Plices near the Limits aforesaid as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall fee

cause for, or think convenient, pu^uant to Notice in Writing for that Purpose, iigned by any Five or

more of them, and affixed uppn the Outside of the South Door of the Parish Church of Yaxley aiore-

said. Ten Days at lead b?fore any such Meeting, (except those held by Adjournment), and that the

FirfI Meeting shall be held at some publick H?use in Yaxley, upon the Mznliy Fortnight next after the

passing of this Act; and may, from Time to Time, adjourn themselves, and meet again pursuant to

may* jrura. fucfo Adjournments as often as they shall think proper.

C mminiofters IX. And beie ftirth:r enacted, That stich of the Comrnflioners appointed, or to be appointed in or

may aft asjuf- by virtu of this Act, as shall be a Justice or Justices of the Peace* may, and is an J are hereby authorised

ticw* and impowered to act as a Justice or Justices of the Peace within the Lmiits of his or their proper

Jurikiiftion respectively, in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities heiehy given to any Justice

or Justices of the Peace, notwithstanding his or their being a Commijfi >n?r or Com nissioners; r».o«

vided such Commissioner or Commissioners is or are otherwise qualified* and not interfiled in the Matter

in Question, otherwise than as a Commissiomr or Commissioners.

NoOider^toU > X- And be it further enacted, That nothing shall be done by the said Commissioners in the Execu-

t'd* unlcft by ti »n of this Act, but at a Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, or in Consequence of feme

Co*1"loners Order or Orders nude at such Meeting or Meetings, except granting and issuing of such Noiicrc,

Lorn boa. toners. Warrants, and Precepts, by the said Commissioners, as they are hereby impowered to irnke or i ifue ;

and no Order shall be vaiid unless the major Part of the Commissioners present at such iVleeting con-

sent thereto.

-CooummoMci XI* And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, ftnli

t mtkeDrains, have full Powrr and Authority, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, as they ftnli think

proper, to make, crest, support, aher, and maintain stich Cuts, Drains, Dams, Banks, Bridge?,

Funnels, Headings, Trays, SI imp?, Outlets, Woi^, Engines, and Mills, in, through, and upon the

fid Linds and Grounds, or any Part thereof, and to make, erect, remove, alter, repair, and main-

tain al such Works and Engines thereon and such Cuts, Drains, Dams, Banks, Bridges, Tunnels

.Headings, Trays, Slaraps, Outlets, Works, Engines, or Mills, as are already nude or ereftedin or

upon

