io6 C. 21.

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1771

lifted, and shall

forfeit 1001«

Commissioner*

impowered to

pave and alter

Sreets, tec,

therein named.

or being inte- ting this Act in Execution; or shall any wife be concerned or interested in any Bargain or Contrail made»

reded in any or to be made, by the said Commissioners, or any of them, for the Purposes of putting this Act in Execu-

fh^Comm^flion-t*on ’ every fijch Person, so offending, shall be'incapable of ever serving or being employed under this Act,

ers%r°e^iiTqoa°n" anc^ fl^ll over anc^ above forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for

the fame by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record, with-

in six Calendar Months after the Offence committed 5 in which said Action, no Essoin, Protection, or

Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the second Monday from

the pafilngof this Act, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and im-

powered, from time to time, tocause, order, and direct the said Street, called Wapping Street, and a Lane

opening into the said Street, called Brewhouse Lane, as far as a Lane called Old Gravel Lane, and a Street,

called Little Hermitage Street, which opens into tapping Street aforesaid at the Weft End thereof; and the

Street which is hereby authorised to be made and opened from Little Hermitage Street aforesaid, into Night-

ingale Lane, in the County aforesaid; and also the South End of Nightingale Lane aforesaid, as far as the

End of Burr Street, or any of them, to be paved, repaired, funk, or altered, in such Manner as they shall

think fit.

May contract for X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may, and are

paving the hereby impowered, from time to time, at any of the said public Meetings, as Occasion shall require, to

Suren. contract by Deed or Deeds, in Writing, with any Person or Persons, for paving and keeping in Repair the

said Streets, Lanes, and Places, authorised to be paved as aforesaid, or any of them; which Contraft and

Contrafts shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the fame, and the Time

or Times when the said Works shall be completed, and the Penalties to be suffered, in case of Non-per-

formance thereof, and shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and by the

Person or Persons contracting to perform such Works; but previous to the making of any such Contraft,

ten Days Notice shall be given in one or more public Newspapers, expressing the Intention of the intended

Contraft, in order that any Person or Persons willing to undertake the fame, may make Proposals for that

Purpose, to be offered and presented to the said Commissioners, at a certain Time and Place in each Notice

to be mentioned.

Sbrveyorito i*- XL And it is further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or

fpc£l the Work*; more of them, and they are hereby directed, to cause all and every the Works done in pursuance of this

Act, to be inspected by their Surveyor and Surveyors, or by such other Person or Persons as they shall

and if Contract from time to time appoint: And in case the fame shall not be well and sufficiently performed, according to

nor performed, the true Sense and Meaning of such Contraft or Contrafts, or shall not be finifned and completed at or

f ^ °h t0hbC within the Time or Times that the fame are agreed to be completed by the said Contraft or Contrafts, the

roug 11 ercon. Commissioners shall and may, in their own Names, or in the Names of any five or more of them, bring

an Action in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Weshninftery against any Person or Persons so con-

tracting, and neglecting to perform such Contraft or Contrafts, and for any Penalty or Penalties, Damage

or Damages, which shall be contained in such Contraft or Contrafts; and upon the proving the Signing

of the said Contraft and Contrafts and Non-performance thereof, at the Time or Times for the Purpose

therein mentioned, the said Commissioners shall be entitled to, and shall recover such Penalty or Penalties,

Damage or Damages; which, when recovered, shall be applied for the Purpofcs of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or

more of them, shall also have full Power and Authority tocause to be dug, carted, and carried out of, and

brought into the said Streets and Places, authorised to be paved as aforesaid, such Gravel, Stones, and other

Materials, and to employ such Artificers, Workmen, Labourers, Carters, and others, and to issue such

Money on those Accounts, and to do all and every such other Acts and Things, as the said Commissioners,

or any five or more of them, shall judge necessary, or conducive to the accomplishing the Ends and Designs

of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Property of the Pavements of the

Materials verted said Streets and Places to be paved, and of all other Materials and Things which (nail be provided and made

ifi the Comtmf- use Gf for Purposes of this Act, shall be, and the fame are hereby veiled in the Commissioners for the

onc,s’ time being; and they, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause

Penalty on steal- to be brought, any Action or Actions, in the Name or Names of any two or more of them, or to prefer,

or injuring and order and direct the preferring of Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall (teal, take, or

carry away any Part of such Materials or Things, or disturb them in the Possession thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall,

at any Time or Times, otrftruft, hinder, or molest, any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Offi-

cers, Workmen, Person or Persons whatsoever, who is, are, or shall be employed, by virtue of this Act,

in the Performance or Execution of his or their Duty, every such Person so offending shall, for the first Of-

fence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings, for the second Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings, and for the

third, and every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any

five or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, from time to time, to sell and dispose of all or

any PaVt of the old Pavement, or other Materials, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to purchase

the fame, and to apply the Purchase-money to the Purposes of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Part of the^

£1“ Pavement within the District aforesaid shall be taken up for the Purpose of making, repairing, altering,

rivciucnt"or°P c'canfin2a. or emptying any Sewer, Vault, or Drain, or of laying, altering, or amending any Water-pipe

’ . *

Materials may

be dug out of,

or brought into

the Streets, See,

Property of all

the Materials.

Penalty on in-

terruf ting

Woikmcn.

Commifnoners

may lVll the old

Mater »!s.

Notice to be

