A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 66. 565

such Judgment, Order, or Decree, as to them shall seem j&ft and mod agreeable to Equity and good

Conscience ; and if the Commissioners, so artembled, {hall happen to be equally divided upo:i Any

Question that may come before them, the Commissioner »present, whose Name {lands firllon t^eLifl1

of the Commissioners herein-after directed to be kept in the Court-house or Place where they Ihill re-:

spectively meet, shall have the carting Vote.

VI1L And be it further enacted by the Authority nforcfaiJ, That in Hie said Court of Rcqurrts c’frk a"d

there shall be One Officer called a Clerky and another Officer called a Beadle? and that 'Jaxb a?pomc

White Gentleman shall be, and is hereby conflicted and appointed Ckrk of the fin'd Court of l\f quells; 1

and that 'jshn Steynor the younger, {hall he, and is hereby conflicted and appointed the Beadle of the

said Couit of Requtils ; which said Officers *of Clerk and Beadle shall execute their respective Offices'

by tlumselves reflectively. or their lawful Deputy or Deputies, so iong as they shall behave thcmlelvey

well in their respective Offices.

IX. Provided always. That no Commissioner, nor any Person or Pe rfons who shall keep any Vic-Com™‘^®ncrr

tualling-house, Aiehouse, or other public Place of Entertainment, or who fh.il! fell any Wine, Cyder,

Beer, Spirituous or other ft rung Liquors, by Rehul, shall be capable of holding any Place of Profit ^accoiVrorit.

belonging to the said Court.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Tint whenever %it shall happen that the Appointment 0*

Office ot Clcik or Beadle of the fr.id Court rtnll become vacant, either by Death, Resignation, or Mif-.^D^ and

behaviour, the said respective Odices fha!l he executed by fuclf Person or Persons as shall, in that *"

half, be nominated and appointed by the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the Manor of the Borough

of Kidder mi rjiet\ aforesaid for thelime being; who is and arc hereby authorised, impowered, and required*

to nominate and appoint, under his* her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, such Clcik and

Beadle, in Consideration of, and as a Compensation for the Prejudice or Damage to, or Diminution of

the Business of the Couit Baron of or belonging to the Lord of the Manor ; and until such Nomination

and Appointment shall be made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any

Three or more of them, assembled as aforesaid, to appoint such Officers respectively.

XL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk herein before-named and Clerk to fix up

cholen, and his Successor, from l ime to Time, to be appointed as aforesaid, or his or their lawful

Deputy, shall make, and cause to be fixed up, in fomc convenient Part of the Court-house, fair and coun house

complete Lilts, in Writing, of the Commissioners herein named and appointed, or to be elected and

appointed as aforesaid ; and shall also iilue, or cause to be issued out, all Summonfcs, Attachments,

Vv a; rants. Subpoenas, and Precepts, and register and enter, or cause to be regillcred arid entered, all

causes, C)rders, Decrees, and Judgments, and other Acts and Proceedings of the said Court, in proper

Books to be from Time to 'l ime provided by him, and kept for that Purpose; and that the Beadle here- B^adfe to serve

in-before named, or from Time to Time to be appointed as aforesaid, or his Deputy, shall, and he is Precepts.

hereby impowered and required, to serve and execute, or caule to be served'and executed, all such Sum- '

monies. Orders, Attachments, W arrants, Subpoenas, Executions, and' Precepts, and to-do and per-

form all such Acts, Matters, and Things, as are herein directed and appointed to be done by him-

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, Persons may-foe

it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who now hath orfor Debts undcci

have, or hereafter shall or may have, any Debt or Debts arising or accruing within the said Borough or*01-

Foreign of Kidierminjlnr, not amounting to the Sum of Forty Shillingsfand dwe’or owing to him, her, oir

them, by or from any Person or Persons whatsoever, inhabiting or residing within the Borough or Fo-

reign of Kidderminster, in the Parish of Kiddenninjler aforesaid, or any Part thereof, to apply to the

Clerk of the said Court, or his Deputy, for the 'l ime being, who shall immediately make an Entry in

his Book of the Cause, expressing the Names of the Parties, and the Sum demanded ; and shall there-

upon make out and deliver a Summons, in Writing, under his Hand, directed to such Debtor or Debt-

ors, exprdfing the Sum demanded of him, her, or them, and the Name or Names of such Party or Par-

ties demanding the fame, thereby requiring and commanding Inch Debtor or Debtors to appear at the

next Court to be h< Id before the Commissioners of the said Court, to answer such Demand ; and the

Beadle of ti e said Court shall forthwith serve, or cause to he served, such Summons on fitch Debtor or

Debtors, either personally, or by leaving the fame at the Dwellin'.,-noufc or Place of Abode, Lodging,

Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of Dealing or Working of such Debtor or Debtors, within

the Borough or Foreign of Kidder minjhr aforesaid ; and the said Commissioners, or any Three or more

j>f them, shall, upon Proof made of the Service of such Summons, have full Power and Authority by

' irtue of this Act, to make due inquiry, upon Oath, of any legal YVitnels or Witnesses, or by Confef-

fion of the Party summoned concerning such Demand, and to pronounce and give such final Sentence

or Judgment, and to make such interlocutory or final Orders and Decrees therein, as to them shall seem

most jiiil and equitable.

4 XIII. And, for the better regulating the Proceedings of the said Court, and rendering this Act

4 feetua) for the Purpose thereof,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners o°ide« u7r^u-

for the 'lime being, or any Nine or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority by virtue of hunt the prac-

this Act, from Time to 'Time, and as often as they {hall fee Occasion, at any of the said Courts, to ticeot thceourt,

make Inch i<ules 01 Oiders for the better regulating the Practice of the fiid Court, as 10 them shall seem

necessary and conducive to the Purposes of this Act, so as they shall be confident with Equity, and not

tend to alter the Fees herein-after allowed by this Act to be t;.k> n by the Clerk and Beadle of the said

Court for the Time being, or to the Kxeicjfc of any JurifdnRion inconiiuem with the true Intent and

Meaning

