A.D. 1771,

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

C.

115

- ^ «j Pi,.

mc v,oits ai.u

^UU3 aiiVJ v ^ be paid and rcimbursed to the Lid Commissioners. or any five .37 z^Z

of them, or their Srder, by the Owner or Owners of such Houses or Buildings, or other Person or Per-

fons ordering or directing the fame: And in case of such Refusal or Neglect in paying or reimbursing the

fame to the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall

appoint to receive the same, it shall and may be lawful for any five or more of them to cause any Action or

Act it ns to be brought in the Name of any of their Officers, for the Recovery thereof, with Costs of Suit.

LIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Re-

ceiver or Receivers of the Rates or Assessments, or for any other Person or Persons authorised by the said

Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at all convenient Times, (first having an Order under the

Hands of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for that Purpose) to inspect the Books of

Aiklfments of the Land l ax, and also the Books or Rates made for raising Money for the Relief and

Maintenance of the Poor, of all or any of the Parishes or Places into which the District hereby described

doth extend, or either of them, in order to ascertain the Rates and Assessments to be raised by virtue

hereof; and also to take Copies thereof, or make Extracts therefrom; and likewise to inspect and take

Copies of, or Extradts out of or from, any Book or Books kept by any Parish Officer or Officers, or other

Officer or Officers appointed by Authority of Parliament within the Cities of London or Westminster, or

County of Middle (ex 1 lor the paving, cleansing, or lighting any Square, Street, Lane, Place, or Distiidt,

in Linden, Westminster, or Middhjex; which inspection, Copies, and Extradts, the Vestry Clerk or Vestry

Clerks, or other Officer or Officers of the respeeftive Parishes and Places, or other Officer or Officers,

Person or Persons, having the Custody of such Book, Aflbffment, and Rate, Books, Affeftments, and

Rates, are hereby required to permit and fufl’er to be made, without Fee or Reward, by such Receiver or

Receivers, or other Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid, on their producing an Order under the Hands

of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for that Purpose: And in case any such Vestry

Clerk, or other such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons, shall neglect or refuse so to do, within three

Days after such Order shall be produced and shewn to him or them, or a Copy thereof left at his or their

Jaft or most usual Place of Abode; then, and in <very such Cafe, he or they so refusing or neglecting,

shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings: and for the second Offence, the Sum of

forty Shillings; and for the third and every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds.

LX. Provided always. That as such Annuitant or Annuitants shall die off, and such Rates or Assess-

ments can be lowered and reduced, the fame shall be so done, in equal Proportions, from time to time.

LXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies raised or collected, by virtue

or by Means, or under the Authority of this Act, shall be, and the fame are hereby vested in the said

Commissioners; and all Monies raised or collected by virtue of this Act shall be applied for the Purposes of

this Act, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Charges and

Expences of procuring and passing this Act, shall be paid out of the first Monies which shall be raised by

virtue of this Act.

LX III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time hereafter two-thirds

or more of the Householders, and Landlords or Owners of Houses and Tenements, within any the said

Streets, Lancs, Alleys, Courts, Passages, or Places, opening immediately into the said Streets, Lanes,

and Places herein before mentioned and authorised to be paved, shall, at any Time hereafter, apply by

Petition to the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, expressing their Desire to have the fame

pived, and cleared of Incroachments, Nuisances, ObstrudVions, and Annoyances; that then it shall and

may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any nine of them, to cause the fame to be done; and they

are hereby impowered to rate and assess the Inhabitants of such Street, Lane, Passage, Alley, Court, or

Place, for the Purposes aforesaid (so as such Assessment does not exceed one Shilling and Sixpence in the

Pnunl), and to raise Monies upon Annuities for Lives, or otherwise, upon the Credit of such Rate or

AiTcfiments, sufficient for defraying the Expences of the said Works only; and the Pavement of the said

Street, Line, or other Place comprehended in such Petition, shall, after an Order made by the said Com-

missioners, or any nine or more of them, for the Purposes aforesaid, be from thenceforth vested in the said

Comrr.’lfioners appointed by this Act; and such Street or Place shall remain under the fame Government,

Direction, and Management of them and their Officers, or other Persons appointed by them for tint Pur-

pose, as the said several Streets, Lanes, and Places, first authorised to be paved; and the said Commis-

sioners, Officers, Servants, Workmen, and other Persons acting under them, shall have the fame Power

and Authority, in, over, and through such Street or Place petitioned for as aforesaid, and the several

inhabitants, Lnn Jiords, T enements, and Occupiers thereof. Companies, Commissioners, Bodies Politic

and Corporate, and their Officers, Servants, and Workmen, and all and every other Person or Persons

whatsoever intended or imitled to any Privilege therein, and every Matter and Thing relating to the

Premfcs, as the Lid Commissioners appointed determined by this Atft, and their Officers, Servants, and YVorkmcn

acting under shem, arc invested with by this Act, for the better Management, ordering, regulating, and

rendering more commodious the several Streets and Places hereby first authorised to be pavcJ; and every

C'laulr, Matter, and T hing contained in this Act, shall be construed, adjudged, deemed, and taken to

exfcnil to every such Street, Lane, and Place, petitioned for as aforesaid, as also to the several Inhabitants,

Landh rds Tenants, and Occupiers thereof. Companies, Commissioners, Bodies Politic and Corpo-

rate, thcii Officers Servants, and Workmen, and all and every other Person and Persons interested or

inti tied to any Privilege therein, and every Matter or Thing relating to or in anywise concerning the

Prrmifes, in like Manner as the fame Clauses extend, or shall be adjudged or onftrued to extend, in

similar Cafes, to the several Streets and Places first authorised to be paved, and the several Inhabitants,

Q_2 Landlord*,

Receiver, or

other Person au-

thored r>y the

Commissioners,

are to be -llo w-

d to ihfpott and

tak- Ci pies of,

or Extras from

the Books of

Land Tax, and

ot Poors Rates,

dec. in the le-

veral Pariftiei,

grati^ in ordtr

to ascertain ths

said Afl'dlmentf.

Penalty for Re-

fufal.

As Annuitants

die, the Rates to

be lowered.

Monies rai fed

vcl ed in the

Commissionrrs,

to be applied for

the Purposes of

this A<fl.

Expences of

passing this Act

to be lirft paid.

Optional Clause.

The Out Streets

mav he pjvrd by

the Commissi.

oners, upon Pe-

tition cf thr

Tcn. nts, dee.

and may afp fs

the Innjb.tann

and to tai.c Mo*

nies by Ann n

I'Ci for Lt\ es., to

defray the Fx

pence of fuca

Pavement j

and then such

Street to be

comurehfn Jed

in this Act.

