-i 4 2 C« 2 2«

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1771.

and if Contrail

rot performed,

Action to be

biought thereon

Materials may

be dug out of,

or brought into

&e Streets, Sec,

Rosemary Lane X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That so much of the said Lane called Rosemary Lane as

to be paved with lies within the District comprised in this Act, shall be paved with Stones of a flat Surface, in like Manner

flat Stones. as the Weft End of the said Lane is already paved.

Commissioners XI- And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or

may contra^ for more of them, may and are hereby impowered, from time to time, as Occasion shall require, to con-

paving the tra#, by Deed or Deeds in Writing, with any Person or Persons, for paving and keeping in Repair the

bueexs. said Streets, Lanes, and Places, authorised to be paved as aforesaid, or any of them; which Contract and

Contracts shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the fame, and the Time

or Times when the said Works shall be completed, and the Penalties to be suffered, in case of Non-per-

formance thereof, and shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and by the

Person or Persons contracting to perform such Works; but previous to the making of any such Contract,

ten Days Notice shall be given in one or more public Newspapers, expressing the Intention of the intended

Contract, in order that any Person or Persons willing to undertake the fame, may make Proposals for that

Purpose, to be offered and presented to the said Commissioners, at a certain Time and Place in each Notice

to be mentioned.

Surveyor to ?n- XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five

the Works; or more Qf them, and they are hereby directed to cause all and every the Works done in pursuance of this

Act to be inspe#ed by their Surveyor or Surveyors, or by such other Person or Persons as they shall from

time to time appoint; and in case the fame shall not be well and sufficiently performed, according to the

true Sente and Meaning of such Contract or Contra#s, or shall not be finishea and completed at or within

the Time or Times that the fame arc agreed to be completed by the said Contract or Contra#s, the said

Commissioners shall and may, in their own Names, or in the Names of any five or more of them, bring an

A#ion in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVcfhninjhr, against any Person or Persons so contract-

ing and negle#ing to perform such Contract or Contra#s, and for Penalty or Penalties, Damage or Da-

mages, which shall be contained in such Contract or Contra#s; and upon the proving the Signing of the

said Contract or Contra#s, and Non-performance thereof, at the Time or Times for the Purposes therein

mentioned, the said Commissioners shall be intitled to, and shall recover such Penalty or Penalties, Damage

or Damages, which, when recovered, shall be applied for the Purposes of this A#.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners a#ing under

these Presents, or any five or more of them, shall also have full Power and Authority to cause to be dug,

carted, and carried out of, or brought into the said Streets, Lanes, and Places, authorised to be paved as

aforesaid, such Gravel, Stones, and other Materials, and to employ such Artificers, Workmen, Labour-

ers, Carters, and others, and to issue such Money on those Accounts, and to do all and every such other

A#s and Things as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall judge necessary or conducive

to the accomplishing the Ends and Designs of this A#.

Property of all XI V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Property of the Pavements of the

Materials verted said Streets, Lanes, and Places to be paved, and of all other Materials and Things which shall be provided

in the Commis- ancj made use of for the Purposes of this A#, shall be, and the fame are hereby vested in the Commission-

Penaities on ers ^0r ^ t*me 5 and they, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to

-fleaTng or Tn- bring, or cause to be brought, any A#ion or A#ions, in the Name or Names of any two or more of them,

juring Materials, or to prefer, and order and dire# the preferring of Indi#ments against any Person or Persons who shall

steal, take, or carry sway any Part of such Materials or Things, or disturb them in the Possession thereof.

XV. And be it further cna#ed by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall,

at any Time or Times, obstru#, hinder, or molest, any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Offi-

cers, Workmen, Person or Persons whatsoever, who is, are, or shall be employed, by Virtue of this A#,

in the Performance or Execution of his or their Duty, every such Person so offending shall, for the first Of-

fence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings; and for the

third, and every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any

five or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, from time to time, to sell and dispose of all or

any Part of the old Pavement, or other Materials, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to purchase

the fame, and to apply the Purchase-money to the Purposes of this A#.

XVII. And be it further cna#ed by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Part of the

Pavement within the Distri# aforesaid shall be taken up for the Purpose of making, repairing, altering,

cleansing, or emptying any Sewer, Vault, or Drain, or laying, altering, or amending any Water-pipe

or Plug, or for any other Purpose whatsoever; the Person or Persons so taking up such Pavement shall im-

mediately give Notice thereof to the Surveyor to the Commissioners for putting this A# in Execution, in

order that the fame may, with all convenient Speed, be laid down and repaired, under the Inspe#ion of

the said Surveyor, and the Charges and Expences thereof shall be paid by the said Commissioners; and they

shall be reimbursed the fame by the Companies of Water-works, or Commissioners of Sewers, on whose

Account, or by whose Order, the said Pavement, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be taken up; but if

such Pavement shall not be taken up on their Account, then such Expences shall be reimbursed by the Oc-

cupier or Owner of the Vault, Drain, or other Place, on which Account such Pavements shall be taken

up, or other Person or Persons taking up, or causing the fame to be taken up.

'Commiflicners XVIII. ProviJcd always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for

-may contrail the said Commissioners for putting this A# in Execution, or any five or more of them, from time to time,

pVni'et* X^for" to compound and agree with the said Companies or Commissioners of Sewers, or other Person and Persons

rriayinp fJeh rel'peaively,

^Pavements. 7

Penalty on in-

terrupting

Workmen.

Commissioners

-may fell c Id

Llaterials, and

?pp!y the Mo-

ney, Sec.

Notice to he

given to Survey-

or or tjJcing up

Pavement for

repairing any

Vault, Sec.

Com mi/lion era

to relay it. and

‘.be reimbursed

sche Expences.

