804 C. 6o.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A/D. 1773.

Prdford Level

Corporation,

and the Com*

ymlTioners of

this A^>, shall

contribute cer-

tain Sums to-

wards carrying

on rhe said

Wurk*«

Marshes on the East Side of the said Channel, to join the present Sea Bank on the Marsh Land or

Norfolk Side; and that it also shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the said

North Level, and they arc hereby authorised and impowered to dig and take Earth, Flag, and other

Materials, fiom any of the Open or Salt Marshes lyin<* in the said Parishes of Tid Saint Giles, Nexvton%

and Tidfaint Marys, near or adjoining to the said Cut, Banks, and Dam, from Time to Time, as

they shall find necessary for the making, com pleating, and supporting the said Cut, Banks, and Dam,

without paying any Thing for the lame; and to do all such other Acts as shall be necessary in the car-

rying on, compleating and maintaining of the said Works.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor, Bailiffs, and

Commonalty, of the Company of Conlervators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Lvel%

shall and do, out of the Revenues of the said Middle and South Levels, or out of the Monies borrowed,

or to be borrowed thereon, pay the Sum of One thousand Pounds, and that the Commissioners to be

apjvointed by virtue of this.present Act, shall and do,out of the Rates, Taxes, and Revenues, to be raised,

and the Monies to be borrowed thereon, by virtue of this Act, pay th like Sum of One thousand Pounds,

for and towards the carrying on the said lift-mentioned Works, unto the Commissioners of the said

North Level, or to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by them, or any Seven or more gt

thpm, at any of their Meetings, to receive the same, at the Times, and in Manner following; that

is to (ay. The sum of Three hundred Pounds each, when and so soon as the said Commissioners of the

laid North Level shall begin the said Works; and when and so soon as the said Commissioners of the

saidNorth Level shall have expended the Sum of One thousand eight hundred Pounds (including the

said Two Suras of Three hundred Pounds and Three hundred Pounds) in the carrying on the said

Works, then the further Sum of Three hundred Pounds each; and when and so soon as the said Com-

mi^laoners of the said North Level shall have expended the further Sum of One thousand eight hundred

Pounds (including the said Two last mentioned Sums of Three hundred Pounds and Three hundred

Pounds}-in carrying on the said Works, then the further Sum of Four hundred Pounds each, being the

Residue of the said Two Sums of One thousand Pounds and One thousand Pounds, so to be respectively

advanced and paid towards the said Works, by the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and by

the said Commissioners to-be appointed by virtue of this Act, as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of the

eftheEi pence of faj^ North Level shall and do, as soon as conveniently may be afier the passing of this Act, begin and

opening the fr d proccecj in the said last-mentioned Works, and perfect and compleat the fame; and that the Expence

thereof, over and beyond the said Two Sums of One thousand Pounds and One thousand Pounds, so

to be advanced and paid towards the fame in Manner aforesaid, shall be paid by the said Commissioners

of the said North Level, out of the Rates and Taxes aflelied upon the Lid North Level, under the

aforesaid Act of Parliament of the Twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second,

and out of the Monies to be borrowed thereon, by virtue of the Powers in the fame A ft contained.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall

- _ wilfully and maliciously flop, dam up, break down, demolish, damage, or dftlroy, or cause, procure.

Works how to vcounfel, or hire any Person or Persons to dam up, break down, demolish, damage, or destroy

©c vumqie . said Cut, Dam, or Banks, which shall at any Time or Times hereafter be making, cutting, or

erecting, or made, cut, or erected, supported, maintained, or used, for the Purpose of turning the pre-

- fens Channel of the lyjjitecb Waters out of the (hifting Sands, into, through, and along toe said Cut,

intended to be opened and made as aforesaid, or shall take, carry away, break, demolish, or destroy,

any of the Wheel-barrows. Planks, Treffels, or other Materials, that shall be procured to be used, or

that shall be used, in making the said Cut, Dam, or B.rnks, or in the Repair or Support thereof, all

and every such Person and Persons shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and every such Felon shall he sub-

jest and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cafes of Felony; and the Courts by and before

whom such Person or Persons shall be tried, shall, and arc hereby authorised and impowered to trans-

port any such Felon for the Space of Seven Years, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be

transported by the Laws and S atutes of this Realm.

XXXV. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons navi-

gating Vessels between the Town of IVifbech and the Sea, shall, at all Times hereafter, have the free

Usage of the said Cut, to navigate in, along, and through the fame, in like Manner as they now have

along and through the present Channel, except as is herein after mentioned; and also that it shall and

may be lawful to and for the Owner or Owners of such Velievs, and the Servants and Workmen, or

Persons employed to navigate the fame, to hale and tow the said Vessels with One or more Horse or

Horses, on the Foreland and Bank on the Weft or North-well (but noton the East or South-call) Side

of the said Cut; provided that only One Horse shall hale or tow by One Line, and that every such Lino

be fattened to the Mail or Rigging of every such Vessel so navigating as aforesaid, at least T welve Foot

above the Deck of such Vellel or Vessels, and not otherwise.

XXXVI. Provided, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Horse or

Horses shall at any Time or Times be rr.ade use of for haling or towing over or upoQ the said Sluice

called New Gunthorpe Sluice, or any ocher Sulice or Sluices erected, or to be erected, on the Side of the

said Cut, or over or upon any Wharf or other Works to such Sluice or Sluices belonging; but that

such Horse or Horses as shall be used in the haling or towing of Vessels along the said Cut shall be

loolened from the Lines fixed to the said Vessels, and being lb loosened, shall be led or conducted over

such Sluice or Sluices, and Wharfs, and other Works thereto belonging, without haling or towing

over the fame; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Capital 13 urge libs of the Town m

irijhcb

The Remainder

Cut out of the

No. th Level

Taxes, how to

f*id.

Person* da-

maging the

The Navigation

of the Cut shall

te free.

Thr Minner of

towing on the

Side of the

C it.

