522 C. 45.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A; D. 1772.

After Sept. I,

1772,every

C-h.tife Driver

found fitting ia

his Chai'e, with-

out another Per-

lon on One of

the Horses j or

any Carter, Ire*

riding on his

Carriage without

a proper Person

on Foot to guide

it; within 6

Miles of td.n-

bu gh, 4 oi Glas-

gow, or 2 of any

o.hei City &c.

or if any Driver

shal! ne. ligently

occasion any

Hurt or Damage,

or prevent the

Passage of any

other Carriage ;

or dull not dif*

mount when re-

tired by any

Per Ton appre-

hending Danger j

No Drivers of

Car s, \ c. to

drive along-

Jid/ or other Car-

nages, so as to

obstrudl the free

Passage, but thill

fallow one alter

another, and

have Bridles or

Halters uron

every Hoise,

v hich the Driver

shall have in his

Hand, Ac.

on Fen ky of

2C s. noi icis

than .5 s.

4 V., And, in order that the Inconveniencies arising from the Negligence of Chaise Drivers, Carters,

4 Draymen, Sledgmen, Carmen, and Waggoners, and Drivers of any other Carriage whatsoever, may

4 be the more easily prevented be it therefore ena£led by the Authority aforesaid, That from and

after the said First Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, if any Chaise

Driver within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland shall be found fitting in his Chaise without ano-

ther Person on One of the Horses driving the fame; or if any Carter, Drayman, Carman, Sledzman,

or Waggoner, or the Driver of any other Carriage whatsoever, (Coaches, Chaises, Phaetons, Curri-

cles, Chairs, and such other Carriages, which are usually driven by a Person fitting within or upon

the Carriage, and such Carriages as arc respectively drawn by One Horse only, or by two Horses abreast,

and are conduced by some Person holding the Reins of such Horse or Horses excepted), shall ride

upon any such Carriage, (not having some other Person on Foot or on Horseback to guide the fame), on

any Street ofany City or Town, or on any Highway within fix Miles of the City of Edinburgh, or four Miles

of the City of Glasgow, or two Miles of any other City, Burgh, Market Town, or Burgh fcf Regality,

or B irony; or if’the Driver of any Carriage whatsoever on any Part of any Street or Highway shall,

by Negligence, or wilful Mifbeh iviour, cause any Hurt or Damage to any Person or Carriage, paf-

fuig or bung upon such Street or Highway, or shall, by Negligence, or wilful Mifoehaviour, prevent,

hinder, or interrupt the free Passage of any other Carriage, or of His Majesty’s Subjects on the said

Highways; or if the Driver of any Cart, Car, Dray, or Waggon, on any Highway whatsoever, when

riding on his Carriage, shall notdifmount (so as the better to guide his Horse or Horses and Carriage)

when required by any Person apprehending Danger from such Carriage; every such Driver offending

in any of the Cafes aforesaid shall, lor every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Shil-

lings Sterling, in case such Driver shall not be the Owner of such Carriage; and in case the Offender

be Owner of such Carriage, then any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling.

Offendeis in any of the said Cafes, shall forfeit xos. if not the Owners j and if the Owner, 20 s. for each Offence.

VI. And whereas several Inconveniencies do arise, and many Accidents have happened by Carts,

4 Cars, and other Carriages above mentioned, being drawn abreast or alongside another, so as the

4 Passage of the Streets and Highways in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland is entirely obstructed,

and also by th* Drivers of such Carnages not having Bridies cr Halters upon their Horses be it

therefore enabled by the Authority aforesaid, T hat from and after the said Firit Day of Septetnber, One

thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, no Driver or Drivers of Carts, Cars, or other Carriages above-

mentioned, shall drive their Carriage or Carriages abreast or alongside of any other Carriage or Car-

riages, so as wilfully to obstruci the free Pullage of such Streets and Highways respectively, but shall

follow one after another upon the fame, and shall have Bridles or Halters upon every Horse in any of

the above Carriages, which Bridles or Halters upon the foremost Horse, shall (in all Carriages not

drawn by more than Two Jlorfes) be tied with a Rope, or some other T hing of sufficient Strength, to

the Halter or Bridle of the Horse behind; and which Rope or Bridle the Driver of every such Carriage

shall have in his or her Hand,; and every Person so offending in the Premises shall forfeit a Sum not

exceeding Twenty Shildings Sterling, nor Ids than Five Shillings Sterling, for every such Ostence.

VII, And whereas a he free Passage of His Majesty’s Subjects is ofttn obstrucled, and their

Persons pat in Danger, from the pr.sent inegular and disorderly Method of driving Horses with

4 01 without Loads, and by leading Carts, Waggons, Sledges, Coaches, Chaises, and other Car-

4 rijgcb, after the Holies have been unyoked and taken from the same; and also Stone, Lime,

1 T imber, Jlubbish, and the Bodies of dead Horses, and other Animals, and other Articles which da

4 obiLucT such free Passage as aforesaid, jj,pau the Streets and Highways, within that Part of Great

4 Britain called Scotland',' be it therefore icna&ed by the Authority aforesaid, T hat from and after the

said Fiilt Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and seventy two, no Drivers of Horses or

other 1 calls of Burthen with or without Loads, shall drive their Horses or o.her Bealls of Burthen

abreast, so as wilfully to ohftru£t the free Passage of His Majesty’s Subjects, or to put their Persons in

Danger, but shall, as much as may be, drive them in a Line one after another in a regular Manner,

having a Biidle or H dter a Taxed to the Head of each Horse or Bcaft ot Burthen; and that the Driver or

Owner of any Curt, Wsggon, Sledge, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, shall not be permitted to

leave the Line upon any Stu« or Highway within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, after,

the Ho:fc 01 Horses luve been unyoked and taken from such Cart, Waggon, Sledge, or other Car-

riage rv ipcciivdy, except only with ref pc it to such Carriage, during such reasonable Time as the fame

shall be loading or urko.iJing; nor shall it be allowable to anyrerfon or Persons to lejve Srones,

Lime, Timber, Rubbdh, t ie Bodies of dead Ho f s, or of other Animals, or other N uifa nces, upon the

Sireeth and H.ghways aforesaid, so as to obilrii£l the free Passage of the fame; and that every Person

offending in the Pren.ifcs shall for V.it a Su.n not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, and not Ufs than

hive Shillings Stirling, fur each Oitence.

any Pci On leave any Stones, 5cc, upon S reels, &c.$n Penalty of 20 s. nor less than 5 s.

Drivers of lo.dtd c \T.L And whereas many Disputes frequently happen between the Drivers of loaded Horses and

11 ” other BealL of hurt.un, a.J the Drivers of Cans, and such other Carriages, and between the Drivers

V,( 1 Coueiic^, Chariots, Ca^iLs, and such like Carriages, travelling upon any Street or Highway with-

1 . . In

No Drivers to

drive th-a Hor

abrc.uk so

to the

Piet Paifipi*, but

shall drive ihtm

in a Line, one

a ter mo her,

wi h a Butlie

aiRxed to the

lith ol each

l-*ur fr, fee.

n »r {h i.l the

Drivers cl Carte,

/Lc. leave such

ujoii any Street,

&c unyoked,

f.x.ep. w.ien

lua.l.ng ano an*

kud.nt, nor shall

» d

hi..., .* u*-

cv;r.g /he. H r/cs or drive tc the left Hand or near Side.

in

