A/D. r773. Anno dec?ma tertio Georgii IIF. C. 84. 923

fee obtained for making the same Turnpike Road, upon having the Tolls to be collected5 upon such

Turnpike Road assigned and made over to us, as a Security for the respective Sums so to be advanced

by us, toge ther with Interest for the fame, after the Rate of per Centum per Annum, which

Sums we do hereby fever&lly agree to pay by Instalments, in the following Manner* videlicet, One

Fourth Part thereof on the Day of nex^ One other Fourth Part, (etc*

etc. etc.)

Dated this Day of 17

N*. XVIII.

Warrant from a Jufltice of Peace to enter the Toll-gate House, and remove the Perion$

therein.

Middlesex. To the (Cobliable) Headborough) Tythingman) of

in the said County

WHEREAS Complaint hath been made unto me A. S. Esquire, One of His'Majesty’s Justicet

of the Peace for the said County, upon the Oath of and other Evidence now*

produced to me, that C. iX who now inhabits the Turnpike or Toll-gate House at

upon the Turnpike Road leading from to and was appointed

to collect the Tolls there, hath bceh duly discharged by the Trustees of the said Turnpike Road from

any further collecting or receiving the Tolls arising at the said Gate, and hath refuted, and {till doth

refute, to quit the Pofkilion of the said House \ and the said C. D. having been summoned to appear

before me this Day, to lhew Cause why he should not be removed from the said House, and having,

ihewn no sufficient Cause for that Purpose,'I do hereby authorise and require you, with such Assistance

as shall be necessary, to enter into the said Toll-house or Turnpike-house, and the Buildings belong-

ing thereto, in the Day-time, and to remove the said C. D. and all such Periods & {hall be found

therein, together with his and their Goods, out of such House and Buildings, and to put E. F. the

Person lately appointed by the Truftccs to collect such Tolls, into the Post'ession thereof, for which

this {hall be your fqfficient Warrant.

Given under my Hand and Seal this Day of 1 j

No. XIX.

Notice for Contracts to be made, for getting and carrying Materials.

NO TIC E is hereby given, that A. B. Surveyor of the Turnpike Road, lying between

and will, on the Day of next, at the Hour

of in the noon, let the getting of (Tons) of

Gravel, or (Tons\ of Stone, to be got at a Pit at for the Use of

the said Turnpike Road, and will also let the Carriage of the said Gravel (or Stone J from the said Pit to

where the fame is to be used arm employed upon the said Turnpike Road; and all

Persons desirous of entering into a Contrail with the said Surveyor, either for getting or carrying the

said Materials, are deiired to attend at the Time and Place before mentioned;.

Dated this Day of 17

A.

N#. XX.

Bond from the Surveyor.

WE A. B. Surveyor of the Turnpike Roads, under an A£V, passed in the Year of the

Reign of King George the for [State the principal Part of the Title of the Acf\ and C. D.

of are bound to E. F,: in the Sum ot Pounds,

to be paid to the said E. F. his Executors, AdminilVators, or Assigns, for which Payment we hereby

bind ourselves severally, and each of our Heirs, Executors, and Administrators.

Dated the Day of 17

The Condition of this Bond is such, that if the said A, B. his Executors or Administrators, {hall

duly and faithfully account for, apply> a \ pay all and every the Sum and Sums of Money, which

hath come, or shall come, to his Hands as Surveyor of the Turnpike Road aforesaid, according to the

Direction and true Intent and Meaning of the said Act* and of the Statute, made in the Thirteenth

1 Year

