702 G. 34^—38. Anfto deckno testio Georgi III* A.D. 1773.

against this A ft {hall be paid &nd applied in the Manner Forfeitures are directed to be paid in the said

recited Act.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for paving, lighting, and dealing the Streets, Lanes, and Places within the Town of

Brirhththnflonij rn the County of Sussex; for removing Nuisances and Annoyances, and preventing

the like for the future; for holding and regulating a Market within the said Town j for building

and repairing Groyns, in order to render the Coast safe and commodious for Ships or Vessels to

unload and land Sea-Coal, Culm, and other Coil, for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Town

and for laying a Duty thereon, and for other Purposes.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for the Purpose of rebuilding the Common Gaol of the

County of Essex.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An An for lay

ing open and widening of certain IVays and Passages within the Town ^Birmingham; and for cleaning

and lighting the Streets, Lanes, frays, and Passages there; and for removing and preventing Nuisances

and Qbjftrufi'ums therein; and for wfdening certain other Streets and Places; for establishing a

Nightly Watch; and for regulating Carts and Carmen employed in the said Town.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for making and extending the Navigation of the River Bure, (commonly called the North

River)) by and from Coltijhall to Ayljbam Bridge, in the County of Norfolk.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper

Powers for the Purpose of establishing One or more Glass Manufactories within the

Kingdom of Great Britain; and for the mole effectually supporting and conducting the

fame upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar Manner, calculated for the calling of large

Plate Glass.

the Establishment of a Glass Manufactory in Great Britain, upon an improved

Preamble. < yjy pjan> jn a peculiar Manner, calculated for the casting of Plate Glass,. would be of great

4 Benefit and Utility to this Kingdom, and may tend, as well to increase the pub lick Revenue

4 arising from the Duties laid thereOn, as to improve the prdfent Method of making Plate Glass,

4 Which is not brought to a State of Perfection equal to that in foreign Countries: And whereas

4 such Manufactory cannot be established without great Risk in the Undertaking, and without a very

4 large Expence, nor can be conveniently carried on, unless a considerable Joint Stock is raised for

that Purpose: And whereas several Persons have already formed themselves into a Society, and

4 subsertbed considerable Sums, and purchased Materials, and engaged proper Persons, for the Pur-

4 pose of cftaMishing and carrying on the said Manufactory; but Inch Persons are apprehensive that

4 Difficulties may arise, as well in recovering Debts which may grow due to the Proprietors of the

4 said Manufactory, as also in defending Suits or ACtions whion may be commenced or brought

4 against the said Proprietors for any Matter 6r Thing relative to the said Manufactory, as by Law

4 all the several Proprietors and Subscribers to the said Manufactory must in such Cafes both sue

and be sued, implead and be impleaded, by their several and distinct Names and Descriptions; and

4 therefore, for the more easily carrying on the Manufacture, and avoiding the Difficulties aforesaid,

4 are desirous of being Incorporated, and having a Common Seal and Name, by which they may

4 sue and be sued: And whereas many Persons who are not now liable to become Bankrupts, within

the Intent and Meaning of any of the Laws now in Force concerning Bankrupts, are likewise

4 fearful of subscribing Money to carry on the said Manufacture, as by becoming Subscribers to,

and Part Owners thereof, they may be liable to have Commissions of Bankrupt iliued against them

4 as Traders may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted

by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

the fame. That the Right Honourable John Stuart, commonly called Lord Mount ft uart, the Honour-

able Major General Charles Fitxroy, Herbert Mack worth. Peregrine Cujl, Thomas Dundas, Robert Palk%

John Mackay, Philip Ajfkck, James Mowbray, Robert Digay, Angus Mackey, Henry Daggey Albany

IVallis, Henry Ha flings^ Ranald MacDonald, Thomas Davenporty Asheton Curxen, John Do then, Thomas

'.Potter, Thomas Durell% Stephen Cafar Lemaiftre, and Henry Emngton% Esquires; and every other Per-

son or Persons who (hull hereafter, either in their own Right, or as Executors, Adminiltiators, Suc-

cessors, or Assigns, in Right of any other Person or Persons become [Proprietors of, or interested in

any

