62a C. 70. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 17712.

on which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be brought, was done in Pursuance and by the

Authority of this Act: And if the said Matter or Thing {hall appear to have been so done; or it shall

appear that such Action or Suit was brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof given as afore-

said, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid; or if any such Action or Suit shall

not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County

or Place than as aforesaid; then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants: And if

a Verdict shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants therein; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in

such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffera Discontinuance of such Action

or Actions, Suit or Suits; or if, upon a Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions, Suitor

- ' n - Suits, Judgment {hall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein; then, and in either of the Cafes

re aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants {hall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for re-

covering the fame as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs in other Cafes

by Law.

fiiMick A&. XC, And be it further enacted, That this Act {hall be allowed in all Courts whatsoever, as a Publick

Act; and a]l Judges, Justices, and ocher Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such,

without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXX,

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fupd ;

and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One

thousand seven hundred and seventy-two; and for further appropriating the Supplies

granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer

Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders loft,

burnt, or destroyed. /

MoJI Gracious Sovereign 5

Pfctmbl*. T T T E.Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain n Parliament

c VV assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to Your

c Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant to Your Majesty the Sum herein-

c alter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enabled and

be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

d rant a out ^imc^ That by or out of such Monies as {hall, from Time to Time, be and remain in the Receipt

©£th^FunH for of t^e Exchequer, of the Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Monies, and other Revenues composing the

the Service of Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sums of

the current Year,. Mon< y as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the fame,.

there shall and may be issued and applied, for and towards making good the Supply granted to His Ma-

jesty for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, a Sum not exceeding

to be issued b One 1 eight hundred fifty-six thousand seven hundred twenty-three Pounds, One Shifting, and

the Treasury Twopence; and the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury now or for the Time being, or any

copdingiy. Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, ai;e or is hereby authorised and im-

powered to issue and apply the fame accordingly.

Treasury fm- Jl. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners of His

powered to r;ofe Majesty’s Treasury now or for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, or the High Trear

0 H*rtSthereo°f for the Yime being, {hall think it adviseable to raise the said Sum of One million eight hundred

byLoanscrEx-*fifty-six thousand seven hundred twenty-three Pounds, One Shilling, and Twopence, or any Part

cheater thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in Manner herein-after mentioned, that it {hall and may be

the Credit of the lawful to and for any Pecfon or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politick or Corporate, to ad-

Sinking Fund i vance or lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, any Sum or Sums of Money

not exceeding the said Sum of One million eight hundred fifty-six thousand seven hundred twenty-three

Pounds, One Shilling, and Twopence, upon the Credit of the said Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus-

Monies, or other Revenues composing the Sinking Fund, and to have and receive Interest for the For-

bearance of the Money lent; so as such Loans be allowed to be made by the said Commissioners of the

Treasury, or any Three or more of them, now or for the Time being, or the High Treasurer for the

Time b-ving, who are or is hereby authorised to issue his or their Warrants for that Purpose, as such

Loans {hall be wanted for the public k Service; and moreover, that no Money to be lent upon the Se-

curity of this Act shall be rated or a fluffed to any Tax or Assessment whatsoever.

Tall^ofLoan LI And he 11 father enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who {hall lend any Money

wfthO: der for uP°n the Credit of this Act as aforesaid, and pay the fame into the Receipt of the.Exchequer, shall

Rcpavment of immediately have a 7'ally of Loan struck for the fame, and an Order for his, her, or their Repay—

the Money so ment, bearing the fume Date with his, her, or their T ally, in or upon which Order shall be also con-

ad vs need j and tained a Warrant for Payment of Interest for the Forbearance thereof, and- to be paid every Three

Interest payable Months, until the Repayment of the Principal; and all such Orders for Repayment of Money so to

quarter y. |ent a! 1 be registered in Course, ac cording to the Dates respectively; and that all and every Person

and Persons shall be paid in Course, according as their Orders {hall ffand registered in the said Remitter.

Books,

