A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 19. 81

able; and also to levy the same upon any Person or Persons liable to pay the fame, who shall, after De-

mand thereof made, neglect or refuse to pay such Tolls or Duties as aforesaid, by Distress of any Carriage

or Carriages, or Cattle upon which such Tolls or Duties are by this Act impoled, or determined by Distress of any

other of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, wheresoever

the fame may he found, and to detain and keep such Goods and Chattels so distrained until such Tolls and

Dut irs, with the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Keening, shall be paid; and such Person or Per-

fons lo ditlraining, after the Space of four Days after such Distress made and taken, shall and may fell the

Goods or Chattels so distrained, returning the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, to the Owner thereof,

after such 'l olls and Duties, and the reasonable Charges for distraining, keeping, and felling the fame,

flldll be deducted and paid.

XIII. Prov ided nevertheless. That no more than one Half of the Tolls aforesaid shall be demanded or Half Toll for

taken for any Horle or other Cattle drawing in any Waggon, Cart, Wain, or other Carriage, laden with Carriages with

Corn only, coming into the said City through any Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates to be erected by the £orn on Market

Authority of this Act, upon either of the weekly Market Days there. ay*'

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall Tolls to be pai 4

have paid the l olls by this Act granted and ascertained, for the passing of any Cattle or Carriage through b«loncc,n

any Turnpike crcdted by virtue of this Act, such Person or Persons, upon producing a Note or Ticket of fTouTs*

the Day denoting such Payment, shall be permitted to pass and repass through the fame Turnpike, and also

through all other Turnpikes erected by virtue of this Act, with the fame Cattle or Carriage, Toll free, at

any Time or Times during the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to

Twelve of the Clock in the next Night 5 which said Note or Ticket the Collectors of the said Tolls are

hereby required to give gratis (if demanded) on Receipt of such Tolls.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be charged with any Exemption,

of the Toils or Duties aforesaid, for passing through any of the Turnpikes to be crcdted by virtue of this

Act, with any Cattle or Carriage going empty for, or drawing or carrying, or returning empty after having

drawn or earned, any Materials for repairing the said Roads or Streets; or any Hay or Corn in the Straw,

to be laid up in the Pic uses, Outhouses, Barns, or Yards, belonging to the respective Inhabitants of the

said University, City, and Suburbs thereof, or the said Parish of Saint Clement; or any Manure or Com-

pest to be laid upon Lands or Gardens, or with any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry ;

or with any Hoi Its or other Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places in any of the

Panihes in Oxford aforesaid, or in the said Parish of Saint Clement, or going to be shod or otherwise farried,

or returning therefrom; or wfith any Horses or Carriages drawing or carrying the Post Mail or Packet;

or attending any Soldiers in their March, or laden with their Arms or Baggage; or travelling with Va-

grants sent by legal PaiTcs; or going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire

to fcive in Parliament for the County of Oxford, or of a Burgess or BurgcfTcs for the said University, or of

a Citizen or Citr/cns for the said City of Oxford, on the Day or Days of such Election.

XVI. Provided always. That if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions Penalt> on

aforesaid, not being intitled to the fame, such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings for claiming i x-

each 0<Tence.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall go or pass with any Cattle or Car- u ^ ?’on Prr

ri?ge tnrough or over any Land, Ground, or Place, lying by the Side of or near to the said Roads, the Vvo*^”5the

fame not being a public Highway, in order or with Intent to avoid the Payment of the Tolls by this Act xo.is.

granted, or any Part thereof; or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall deliver to or receive of any

other Person or Persons, any Note or Ticket, with Intent to avoid the Payment of any or any Part of the

said Tolls; or if any Person or Persons owning or occupying any Lands, Ground, or Place, not being a

public Highway, shall knowingly and wittingly permit or fuller any other Person or Persons to go or pass

u it h any Cattle or Carriage through or over such Land, Ground, or Place, in order or with Intent that the

Payment of any of the said Lolls, or any Part thereof, shall be avoided; or if any Person or Persons shall

do any other Act in order or with Intent to avoid the Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof; such

Persons, and every of them, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, over and besides

stich Damages and Punishments as they shall be otherwise liable to by Law; to be levied and recovered by

such Means and in such Manner as are herein after mentioned and provided for the levying and recovering

of Penalties and Forfeitures imposed determined by this Act; one Moiety whereof, when raised, shall be paid to the

Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied in such Manner as the other Penalties and Forfeitures are

herein after directed to be applied.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Comir.’/lbners

the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, at a Meeting to be called for that Purpose, (whereof m*>’ re,iu£f ?,r

fuuiteen Days Notice shall be given in some public Newspaper, and also fixed on the Turnpike Gate or ril c 1 c 0

Gates to be erected determined by Authority of this Act) from time to time, as they shall fee Occasion, to vary, Icf-

f n, and reduce the Tolls by this Act granted, and afterwards railc the fame again, so as not to exceed the

bums hereby granted; and such Tolls so varied, hilcned, and reduced, shall be colledhd, recovered, and

applied in such Manner as the Toils hereby granted arc directed to be collected, recovered, and applied.

4 XIX. And whereas it will be most convenient for the Public, and also for the said University and City, Mile-way M<i-

thjt the Expenditure of all such annual Sums as now remain payable to the Vice-chancellor and Mayor nin tobecoi.

'and are not disposed of by any former Turnpike Act) for or towards the repairing the said Mile-ways, b.v the

4 should be under the Direction and Management of the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution ;* Com^llicncru

Ee it therefore enacted, That from and alter the twenty-fourth Day of one thousand seven hundred 0010,1 Kluru

Vol. XI. M and

