56s

If Chapels net

con fee rated in a

certain Time,

Lands to be re*

conveyed.

Money subscrib-

rd towards Ex-

pences of the

Act, deemed

Part of Sub-

flription Monty*

Persons aggriev-

ed may appeal to

the Quarter

ieflioDJ.

Proceedings not

to k: qua (bed for

want of Form.

limitation of

Aftioos*

General IfToe.

Treble Costs.

C. 64. Anno duodecimo Georgii ITL A.D. 1772.

for ever be supported and kept in Repair by a general Rate or Levy upon the Inhabitants of the fakl

Town of Birmin^hanty in like Manner as the other Churches in the salt) Town are supported and kept

in Repair.

XXXIII. Provided always nevertheless. That in case either of the said Chapels, dial! not,by virtue

of the Authority of this Act, be erected, or shall be begun to be erected, and not fuf&ciently finished

for Divine Service, and consecrated within the Space of Seven Years from the Time of passing this A5t>

in such Cafe the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required to

reconvey back the Land upon which such Chapels and Houses were intended to be built, and given for

the Purposes of this Act, to the Person or Persons who (if this Act had not been made) would be in-

titled to the Freehold and Inheritance thereof; and in case any such Chapel shall be begun tabe built,

and not so sufficiently finished as aforesaid, and consecrated, then the said Traftees, or any Nine or

more of them, shall, and they are hereby also required to sell and dispose of the Materials of such un-

finished Building, and pay and apply, the Money arising by Sale thereof, or, such Part thereof, as Hull

be necessary for that Purpose, to the fai6 Mary JVe rim an or Charles Colmore% (as-the Cafe may, happen

to be), or to the Person or Persons who shall at that Time bo intitled to the Freehold and Inheritance

of the Land upon which such Chapel shall fail to be built, in Discharge of their Subscriptions to the

fame; and after such Reconveyance and Refunding such Subscriptions, then do and shall refund and

pay back all the Residue of the Money arising by Sale of such Materials, to all and every the other

Subscribers to such Chapel, (which ever it may be) in Proportion to what they shall have feveraJiy

subscribed and paid towards the feme; any Thing herein-before contained to the Contrary notwith-

standing.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid; That all such Monies-as are or

have been subscribed by any Person or Person* whomsoever, towards defraying the Expences of this

present Act, shall be considered, deemed, and taken as Part of their several Subscriptions towards

building the said Chapels and Houses; and that as well all such Subscriptions for or towards the ob-

taining this Act, as also all Subscriptions towards erecting and finishing the said intended Chapels, shall,

in the first Place, be liable to, and applied towards the paying and defraying, the Charges and Expences

attending the obtaining and passing, of this present Act.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any

Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrievedby any Thing, done in pursuance of this

Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for him, her, or them, to appeal to the Justices of Peace, at

their next General Quarter-sessions,* to be held in and for the said County of Warwick \ or in case the

said Complaint shall arise within Fourteen Days next before such General Quarter-sessions of the

Peace, to be held for the said County, then such Appeal may be to the said Justices, at the Second

General Qinrter-sessions of the Peace, to be held for the said County, who are hereby, authorised and

required to take Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine the Complaint and Complaints of any,

Person or Persons so aggrieved \ and if they, fee Cause, shall and may, by Order of the said Sessions,.

mitigate, at their Discretion, any Penalties or Forfeitures laid or incurred by.the Party-or Parties com-

plaining, or otherwise, may ratify and confirm the fame, with such CofVs as to them in their Difcre-

tion shall seem reasonable; and to levy by their Order or Warrant* such Costs so awarded; by Distress

and Sale of the Goods and Chattel*of any Person or Persons who shall refuse to obey, the fame; but

the Person or Persons so appealing as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby respectively directed to give

Notice in Writing to the said Trustees for the Time being, or any Five or more of them, of such

their Intentions of bringing or prosecuting any Appeal, Fourteen Days before the said Quarter-fef-

(ions, and shall, within rive Days after such Notice given, enter into a Recognizance before some Juf-

tice of the Peace for the said County of Warwick, with Two sufficient Sureties, with Condition to try

such Appeal at the next'Quarter-session* of the Peace* or the Second Quarten-fdEons of the Peace,

which shall be held in and for the said County, next and immediately after bringing such Appeal rc-

fpcftively; and also, in case such Appeal shall be disallowed, to pay such Costs and Charges as the

said Justices shall: direct in that Behalf; and every such Appeal, shall, at the said next, or Second Gene-

ral Quarter-sessions, be there heard and finally determined.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by $he Authority aforesaid,. That no Order

made touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or any of the Proceedings to be had touch-

ing the Conviction or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders against this present Act, shall be qualh*

ed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or

Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster j any Law* Statute, or

Custom,to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall

be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such

Action or Suit shall he commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed; and

the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this

Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was

done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear to have been so done, the

Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff mall be nonsuited, or discontinue

his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if Judgment shall be given upon

any Verdict or Demurrer, against die Plaintiff* the Defendant or Defendant* dull and may recover

N Treble

