A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 30. 691

lobe Bridgemen of the said Borough and Port, as aforesaid, unless such Person or Persons shall in like nor Bridgemen,

Manner have first obtained the Recommendation in Writing of Six Matters of Gangs of Lighters, cer- yn,5rs JPp^oved f

trfying the Ability and Skill of such Person or Persons to conduct and pilot Gangs of Lighters an^ canes

Barges to and from the same Port. trr,n8 8

III. Provided also, That this Act {hall not extend to hinder or to subject to the said Penalty the Matter ofaShrp

Matter or Commander for the Time being of any Ship or Vefl'el, not exceeding the Burthen of Thirty of not more than

Chaldrons of Coals, Lynn Measure, or Thirty Tons* Builders Admeasurement, from piloting or con- Chaldron*

dufting such Ship or Vessel to and from the said Port; nor the Matter or Commander for the Time Gang of Lighter*

being of any Gang of Lighters or Barges coming unladen to or going unladen from the fai l Pot t unladen, may

from piloting or conducting such Gang of Lighters or Barges to or from the said Port, nor any Person conduct the Ship

or Persons from assisting any Ship or Vessel, or Gang of Lighters or Barges in Distress; any Thing and Lishter5»

herein contained to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding. shady Vm/shtp”

and Lighters in

IV. And, for the preventing any exorbitant Demands being made by any Pilot or Pilots, licensed Distress.

or authorised as aforesaid, for the conducting or piloting any Ship or Vessel into or out of the said Pertained1 °U

Port and Limits aforesaid; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the following and no greater 9

or other Rates or Prices shall be demanded or taken by such Pilot or Pilots than what are herein-

after mentioned; (that is to say). For piloting or conducting into or out of the said Port any Ship ForBritishi$b»p*>

or Vessel belonging to His Majesty’s Subjects, drawing when loaded not more than Ten Feet of

Water, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence a Foot for every Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel

shall then draw; and for piloting or conducting into or out of the Lid Port, any Ship or Vessel be-

longing to His Majesty’s Subjects, drawing when loaded more than Ten Feet, but not more than

Twelve Feet of Water, the Sum of One Shilling and Ninepence a Foot for every Foot of Water such

Ship or Vessel {ball then draw; and for piloting or conducting into or out of the said Port any Ship

or Vessel belonging to His Majesty’s Subjects, drawing when loaded more than Twelve Feet, but

not more than Fourteen Feet and an Half of Water, the Sum of Two Shillings a Foot for every Foot

of Water such Ship or Vcli'cl shall then draw; and for piloting or conducting into or out of the said

Port any Ship or Vessel belonging to His Majesty’s Subjects, drawing when loaded more than Fourteen

Feet and an Half of Water, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence a Foot, for every Foot of Wa-

ter such Ship or Vessel shall then draw, and so in proportion for Half a Foot of Water in all and

every of the Cafes aforelaiJ; but no Allowance shall be made for any Number of Inches not amount-

ing to Half 5 Foot; and for piloting or conducting into or out of the said Port, any Ship or Vessel of for foreign

belonging to the Subjects of any foreign Nation, double the Rate or Price above limited for piloting or sh,pSk

conducting the like Ship or Vessel belonging to His Majesty’s Subjects.

V. And be it.further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Ship or Vessel, which IPll?eShip can-

/hall be piloted or conducted by any of the said Pilots, {hall not be got to the Place of her Delivery j£]ivcrg°th£*

the fame Tide {he arrives at the Dolphins, then such Pilot {hall, and he is hereby required to con - fame T?de foe

dust or pilot, or procure to be conducted or piloted by some other such licensed Pilot, such Ship or arrives at the

Vessel to the Place of her Delivery, and {hall receive Two Shillings and Sixpence for every Tide he Dolphin', the

shall be so employed, if belonging to His Majesty’s Subjects, and double that Sum if belonging to the J^t!,t0uon*

Subjects of foreign Nations, over and above the said Rates or Prices of Pilotage. a“d b/paldTsl

6 d. per Tide.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it {lull and may be lawful to and c «.

for the CommiflSoners h< rein-after nominated, constituted, and appointed, or any Seven or more of to°afru?nwhat

them, (whereof the Mayor or Deputy Mayor of the said Borough of King's Lynn for the Time being i>m of the pi-

shall be One), from Time to Time, to ascertain, rate, and appoint, what Part of the said Rates or lotage so.,11 be

Prices of Pilotage {hall be allowed and paid by the said Pilots to such Person or Persons as they the paid for the Hire

said Commissioners, or any beven or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor or Deputy Mayor for ^1°°0?

the Time being to be One), shall, from Time to Time, appoint or authorise to receive the same, for Recjfvcrofit,

the Hire and Use of Two or more Sloops for the carrying and conveying such Pilots up and down the

Channel of the said Port, and for the Maintenance of Boys to assist on Board and go in the said Sloops,

and for and towards the Maintenance of the superanuated Pilots heretofore licensed by the Lid Mayor

and Burgesses, or to be hereafter licensed in pursuance of this Act.

VII. And, for the preventing any exorbitant Demands by any Bridgeman or Bridgemen, licensed Bridgemen* PI-

or authorised as aforesaid, for conducing any Gangs of Lighters or Barges down to or from the said lotage to be

Port, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That die laid Commissioners, or any Seven or more afeeaained ty

of them, (whereof the said Mayor, or Deputy Mayor for the Time being to be One), {hall, and they the Comm.iTiun-

are hereby authorised and required, from i'irr.e to Time, to ascertain and appoint what Rates orer5*

Pr ices shall be demanded and taken by such Bridgeman or Bridgemen, for the concluding of such Gangs

of Lighters or Barges down to, or from the said Port; and that no greater or other Rates or Prices

shall be demanded or taken by such Bridgeman or Bridgemen for the conducing of such Gangs of

Lighters or Barges down to or from the said Port, than what shall from 1'irne to l ime be so ascertained

and appointed as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor, Recorder, Alder- CommiflicKKri.

men, and Common Council of the Borough of King's Lynn aforesaid, for the the Time being, together

with Joseph Peckover, B rtholooneiu NtiJony Thomas Goddard, 'Thomas Audley, George Collins, James

Hamilton, OJhert Benton, James Tavirner Read, Thomas Steward, Jjaac Lamlly, Jojiph Lcnnlly, and

Robert Forjlcr, Merchants; Hugh Cnrjuforth, J Villi am IViuinfcn, George Johnson, Robert Farthings

Lionel Selfe, Thomas Scott Hcnzcll> Thomas Huggins, John Towny James Stratton, Bland JVinniJJey Ed-

ward

