t.

A. t), 1773^ Anno decifrfo‘tertiio ■Ceorgiifll.

-each of the said Distri&s, to cut, dig, gather, take* and carry sfway, or cause to be cut, dug, gathered,

taken, and carried away, any Materials proper for repairing the several Hants within the said Two

45- 741

Distrifls respectively, in> upon, out of, or from, any River, Brook* Wafhca, Waste, or Common,

in any Parish, Town, or Place, in, adjoining ^o, or lying near, the said Banks, without paying

any Thing for the fajne*; and if a Quantity of Materials, sufficient for that Purpose cannot be found

in or upon any such River, Brook, W'ashes, Waste, or Commop, then, by Order of the said respec-'

tiv£ Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away, or cause

to be digged, cut, gathered, taken, and carried away, any Quantity of Materials proper and sufficient

for that Puppofc, in, upon, out of, or from, any of the Lands or Gtounds of aqy rerfon within the

Boundaries of this Act, or within any adjoining Parish, Township, or Place, (except the Common’ ExcePti0d»*

t ailed Northwcld Common, next to Methwold Load and Stoke River, or on the North Side of the said

River), where the fame may be had or found, to be used towards repairing the said Banks respectrvely*,

such Lands and Grounds not being a Yard, walled Garden, Park, Paddock, Wood, Coppice, Nursery,

planted Walk, or Avenue rto any House, they the said Surveyors or other Officers paying or rendering

a reasonable Composition to the respective Owners or Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds for such

Materials, and for the Damage done by carrying the fame over their Grounds; and in case of any,

Difference,between the said Commissioners respectively* or their Surveyor or Surveyors, or other

Officers, and any of the said Owners or Occupiers, any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the

County, Liberty, or Place, where the fame shall happen, foot mterefted in the Premises), shall and

may, on Ten Days Notice thereof in Writing to be given by any such Surveyor to such Owner or

Occupier, or by such Owner or Occupier to such Surveyor or other Officer, to be left at their

respefiive Places of Abodes with some or One of their respeflive Families, bear, settle, and determine

the Matter of the fa?id Damages ; and that the Determination of such Justices shall be final to the

said Parties, without any Appeal therefrom.

LXV. Provided nevertheless, s^nd be it enacted, That nothing in this AS contained shall extend to To prevertt-oon

impower the Commissioners of the said Second District to dig or take Earth out of the said Lands of Sir tin? Ear,h.

Simeon Stuart Baronet, called Northdoudy next Brandon River aforesaid, for repairing the Bank of the

said River, except in Times of Flood, or when Earth cannot be cut out of the Floors or Washes of particular

the said River, at which Time it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to take Earth Times,

out of the ffiid Lands for the Purposes aforesaid, but at no other Times whatsoever j any Thing herein

contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Earth shall be taken by the said Commissioners No Earth to be

from any of rhe Lands of the said Matthew Pepper Manlyt but only for the Purpose of repairing the taken from the

Banks already made by the said Matthew Pepper Manby.

LXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the Commissioocr*

said Commissioners, who are Justices of the Peace, to act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of ™*y aft a*

this Act, notwithstanding their being Commissioners. Justices.

LXV III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Commis- proceedings to

sioners, or any of them* at any Meeting to be held for the said Two Distrids respectively, shall be j>e entered in

entered in distinct Books, to be provided and kept for that Purpose; and such Orders and Proceedings Book,#

so entered, shall be signed by Five or more of the said Commissioners respectively so assembled at such

Tvleetings* and being To signed, shall be deemed and taken to be Originals; and all such Books, and

also the Books hereby directed to be kept for registering the Securities, Alignments, and Transfers,

shall and may be read as Evidence on all Trials at Law, of any Suits or Actions touching any Thing

<ione in relation to, or in pursuance of, this Act.

LIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Order which shall be made by the said Com- Orders not to

missioners, or any of them respectively, at any of their Meetings for each respective District by virtue * r ever fed, but

of this Act, shall be altered* reversed, annulled,'or made void, at any subsequent Meeting, unless tha'^uToTe

Nine or more Commissioners be present, and Seven or more of the said Commissioners be*real 1 at urpoc*

Owners of Lands in the said Two Distrids respectively, and con fen ting thereto, nor unless Ten ’

Days Notice in Writing be affixed on the Church or Chapel Doors of Helgay, MdhzvoldFeltwell

Saint Mary, and Hockwold with I Villon aforesaid, jn which said Notice the Intent and Design of such

Meeting shall be declared; and that every Ordef for executing the Powers of this Act shall be made

at a Meeting of the said respective Commissioners, to be held in such Manner as is herein-before au-

thorifed and appointed, and not otherwise, except only as to the granting Precepts or Warrants for

levying Taxes, which shall and may be granted and signed by such respective Commissioners for the

said Two Districts respectively* in Manner herein-before directed, whenever the fame shall be neccf-

fary and required.

LXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Rerfon or Persons shall Felony on burn-

wilful ly and maliciously burn, cut. break down, destroy, or advise, counsel, or hire, any Person to »«g of Mil;*, *c.

burn, cut, breakdown* or otherwise destroy any Bank, Mill, Engine, Flood-gate, or Sluice, already

erected* supported, maintained, or used, or hereafter to be made or erected, supported, maintained,

or used, within the Limits aforesaid, for the Purpose of draining and preserving the Fen Lands and

Low Grounds within the same; every Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted,

shall be guilty of Felony, and shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cafes of.

Felony ; and the; Court by or before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted shall,

and hereby have Power and Authority to transport such Felons for Seven Ye2rc, in such Manner as

other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws of this Realm.

Vol. XL 5 C ’ LXXL And

