820 C. 63.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

Not to retrain

H'l Majesty'i

Subjects not

herein prohi-

bited:

Nor to extend

to out landing

take Place*

over, be liable to be sent to England\ by such Order as aforesaid, unless he or they shall give sufficient

Security to remove him or themselves within Twelve Months after such Conviction.

XXVIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con (trued to extend,

to prohibit or restrain any of his Majesty’s Subjects, or any Person or^Persons whatsoever, (except

such Persons as are by this Act prohibited and restrained from being concerned in Trade) from carrying

on or exercising any Trade or Traffick within Fort William, and the Town of Calcutta*

XXIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein

contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit or prevent any such Person or Persons

M^dun- arc> or hereby restrained from carrying on any Trade, or being concerned in the buy-

dircTpoircffed by *n8 or filing any Goods, Wares, Merchandises, or other Commodities whatsoever, by way of Traf-

PerfoQs before7 sick or Trade, as aforesaid, or from being any Way concerned in the Inland Trade in Salt, Beetlenut,

i. ch prohibition Tobacco, or Rice, from collecting in their outstanding Debts, or from felling and disposing of the

*LGoods, Wares, Merchandises, Eftedts, and Stock in Trade, of which such Person of* Persons shall

severally be possessed, at the Time when such Prohibition shall respectively take Place, so a* each such

Person or Persons who by this Act is, are or/ball be so restrained, shall, and each and *very of them

respectively do, deliver-in to such Governor-general and Council of the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar,

and Oriffa aforesaid, within Thirty Days from the'Time when such Reftridlion and Prohibition shall

take Place, as aforesaid, a full, true, and just Specification, upon Oath, of the Goods, Wares, Mer-

chandiies, Effcdts, and Stock in Trade, of which he or they (nail be at that Time so respectively pof-

felled; and so as such Person or Persons shall and do sell and dispose of such Goods, Wares, Merchan-

difcs, Effects, and Stock in Trade, within the Space of Nine Months after such Reftridlion and Pro-

hibition, as aforesaid, shall commence and take Place; and so as no new Trade or Concern in Com-

merce or Merchandise be entered into, contradied for, or carried on, by such Person or Persons.

XXX. And be it further enacted . by the Authority aforesaid, That no Subject of his Majesty, his

Heirs and Successors, in the East Indies, shall, upon any Contract which shall be made from ana after

the said First Day of August* One thousand seven hundred and Seventy-four, take, directly or indi-

of itpercent, redtly, for Loan of any Monies, Wares, Merchandise, or other Commodities what foe ve., above the

per Annum. Value of Twelve Pounds for the Foibearance of One hundred Pounds for a Year; and so after that

Rate for a greater or lesser Sum, or for a longer or shorter Time; and that all Bonds, ContraSs, and

Assurances whatsoever, made after the Time aforesaid, for Payment of any Principal or Money to be

lent or covenanted to be performed upon, or for any Usury whereupon or whereby there shall be re-

served or taken above the Rate of Twelve Pounds in the Hundred, as aforesaid, shall be utterly void:

And all and every such Person or Persons whatsoever who shall, after the Time aforesaid, upon any

Contract to be made after the said First Day of August, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four,

is, Sec.shall ta^e? accept, and receive, by Way or Means of any corrupt Bargain, Loan, Exchange, Shift, or In-

offcrce^Treble tcreft of any Wares, Merchandises, or other Thing or Things whatsoever, or by any deceitful Way

theVajuc 1 or Mean, or by any Covin, Engine, or deceitful Conveyance, for the forbearing or giving Day of Pay-

ment for One whole Year, of and for their Money or other Thing, above the bum of Twelve Pounds

for the forbearing of One hundred Pounds for a Year, and so after that Rate for a greater or lester Sum,

or fora longer or shorter Term, shall forfeit and lose, for every such Ostence, Treble the Value of the

Monies, Wares, Merchandises, and other Things so lent, bargained, exchanged, or (hifred, with

Costs of Suit, One Moiety whereof shall be to the said United Company, and the other Moiety to him

or them who will sue for the same in the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Calcutta, or

No. Pci fan shall

take, on loan

of Monies,

ibore the Rate

Persons by Co-

vin tccq ting

Loans.

One Mriaty to

go to the Com-

pany, and the

Persons tiuk’ng

Composition 1

contrary 'o the

Meaning of the

ACtj

other t^thePro- 10 the Mayoi’s Court in any other of the said United Company’s Settlements where such Offence shall

fecutor. have been committed, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in which no Essoin, Wager of

Law, or Protection shall be allowed; and in case no such Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, shall

have been brought and prosecuted with Effedt within Thiee Years, that then it shall and may be lawful

to and for the Party aggrieved to sue and prosecute for Recovery of all Sums of Money paid over and

above such Rate of Interest.

XXXI. And be it further cna#cd. That no Informer or Plaintiff shall or may compound or agree

with any Person or Persons that shall offend, or shall be surmised to offend, against this A#, for any

Offence committed, or pretended to be committed, before Answer made in the said Supreme Court,

unto the Information or Suit in that Behalf exhibited or prosecuted, nor after Answer, but by the Or-

der or Consent of the said Court, on Pain that if any Person or Persons shall offend in making of any

Composition or Agreement, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this A#, or shall, by Colour

or Pretence of Process, or without Process, upon Colouror Pretence of any Matter of Ostence against

J:. M* to be ins- ihis Act, make any Composition, or take any Money, Reward, or Promise of Reward, for himself, or

pnontd at the to the Use of any other, without Order or Consent of the said Court; that then, he or they so offend-

Difcrecioaot the ing, being thereof lawfully conviited, shall, for every such Offence, be liable to be lined and impri-

' foned, at the Discretion of the said Court.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said First Day

of August, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Per-

fons whatsoever, who shall have been difmifibd from, or shall have voluntarily resigned, the Service of

the said UniteJ Company, or for any free Merchant, free Mariner, or other Person, whose Covenants

or Agreements with the said United Company for redding or trading in India shall be expired, from

r^k'other1 than thenceforth to carry on or be in any«wife concerned in any Trade, Trastick, Merchandise, or Corn-

for D ipofil or marce whatsoever, in the East Indies, other than for the Dispofa) of his or their Stock in Hand, without

Stock in Hiiid. the Licence of the said United Company, or the Governor-general and Council.of the Presidency of

Fort-

Court.

Person? who

rr.jy oc dilrutiled

the Service, or

rchgn, See,

not to be con-

ctrnrd in Trat-

