3°

C. io.

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1771,

rjtifitd and the Authority of the same, That the said recited Articles of Agreement be, and the fame are hereby ra-

eitabiiflicd. tiiied, confirmed, and established.

Trustees ac- H. And be it further enacted. That, in consideration of the said Trustees admitting the Right of his said

quittrd, released, Majesty, of, in, and to all and Angular the said Piece or Parcel of Ground called AI atdcnjhne Hill, and every

a ^ ^art thereof, ab being Parcel of, and belonging to his Majesty’s said Royal Manor of East Greenwich, in

Actions! the County of Kent ; they the said Trustees, their Heirs and Assigns, and all other Person and Persons who

have heretofore been, or shall hereafter be Trustees of the said Ctdltgc, their and each and every of their

Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, {hall be. and they are hereby relcafcd, acquitted, and discharged,

as against his said Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of and from all Accounts, Claims, and Demands

whatsoever, for or in respect of any Rent, Profit, or Advantage, which hath been, or may have been made

or had by the said present Trustees, or any of them, or any Treafuier, or other Officer appointed by them,

or any Person acting by or under their Authority, or by any former Trustee or Trustees of the said College

for the time being, or by any Trcalurcr or other Officer by them appointed, or any Person acting by or

under their Authority for, or from, or in respect of the said Hill called Maiden ft one Hi I, or any Part there-

of, during the Time that he the said Sir John Alorden, or any Person claiming under him, or the Trustees

of the fain Charity for the time being, or their Tenant or Tenants, has or have been in the Possession or

Occupation thereof, previous to, and until the Day of the Date of the said Articles of Agreement} and

that the said present Trustees, and every of them, and their Treasurer, and all and tvery other Officer and

Person employed by them, or any of them, or acting by or under their Authority, shall be and are, and is

and are hereby indemnified and laved harmless against all Suits, Actions, Costs, Charges, Damages, and

Expences, for or on account of their, or any of their Prcdeccftors in the Trust of the said Charity, or any

Person employed by them, or acting by or under their Authority, having, without any legal Title, en-

tered into Possession of the said Hill called Maidenstone Hilly and received the Rents, llfiues, and Profits

thereof, or exercised Acts of Ownership therein ; and also against all Suits, Actions, Costs, Charges, and

Demands, which may be commenced, had, or made against them, or any of them, touching, or by Means

of their having entered into the said Agreement, and all Acts done or to be done by them, or any of them,

in pursuance thereof.

111. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful to and for the King’s

most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, at any Time or Times hereafter, by any Letters Patent,

p.y °ne third Jni]enture or Indentures, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, hereafter to be made, to grant and demise

net annual*In- unto the said John Marchy Richard ChiJ'well, William Clarke, William Cooper, Samuel Smithy William Ewer,

come, by Qnar- and James Lee, Esquires, the said present Trustees of the said College, or unto the Trustees of the said

terly Payment*, College for the time being, all that the said Waste or Hill called Aiaidenjlcne Hill, and the Houses and

into the Exche- ^her Buildings erected thereon, to hold to them the said Trustees and their Assigns for the Term of fifty

Years, without any present Fine to be set, imposed, or paid to his said Majesty, his Heirs or Successors,

for the fame, yielding and paying therefor yearly to his said Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, as a Bern,

one third Part of the clear net annual Income which they now receive for the said Premises; the fame to be

paid by the said Trustees, their Heirs and Assigns, by even Quarterly Payments; that is to say, on the

twenty-fourth Day of June, the twenty-ninth Day of September, the twenty-fifth Day of December, and

the twenty-fifth Day of March, in each and every Year during the said Term, into the Receipt of his Ma-

jessy’s Exchequer at Westminster, or into the Hands of the King’s Bailiff or Receiver-general of the County

of Kent for the time being; and that it {hall also be lawful to and for the King’s most Excellent Majesty,

his Heirs or Successors, at any Time or Times hereafter, by any other Letters Patent, Indenture or In-

dentures, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, hereafter to be made, to grant and demise unto the Truf-

tees of the said College for the time being, the said Waste or Hill called Maidenstone Hill, and the Houses

and other Buildings erected, or to be erected thereon, to hold for any further Term or Terms of Years,

not exceeding fifty Years each: the said Trustees yielding and paying therefor yearly, and every Year,

during the further several and respective Term or Terms of Years for which such Grant or Demise shall

respectively be made, unto his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, one third Part of the clear net annual

Income, which at the respective Time or Times of the making any such subsequent Grant or Demise the

then Trustees of the said College {hall receive for the said Premises, the fame to be paid at the Times and

in Manner before mentioned; which said respective yearly Rent or Rents shall be. during his prefenc Ma-

to be canned to jesty's Life, carried to, and made Part of, the General and Aggregate Fund, established by the Act made

Aggregate Fund in the first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the tirft; and be, during the said Term, issued

1 Geo. 1. and applied to the Uses to which the said Fund is or {hall be made applicable.

Reftriaioju. IV. Provided nevertheless, That in every such Lease or Demise so to be granted as aforesaid, there shall

be contained p oper Covenants or Clauses for restraining the said Trustees, and the Trustees of the said

College for the time being, from erecting any Buildings whatever on any Part of the Top or Plain of the

said Hill called Maidenstone Hill, and from inclosing any Part of the said Top or Plain without theConfent

and Approbaiion of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, signified in Writing by the High Treasurer, or

any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being ; and also for restraining them

from digging and carrying away any of the Soil, Chalk, Lime-stone, or Cjravel, of the said Hill or waste

Ground, or any Part thereof; and also for restrainine them from taking any Fine or Fines for Building

Leases, or for Renewals of any Leases of any Houses already built, or tofie built on the said Hill or Waste,

or any Part thereof.

1 Annse not- V. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That such Grant or Grants, Demise or De-

withiunding, mises of the said Waste or Hill called Maidenstone Hilly and of the Houses and other Buildings erected there-

on.

Truflor* for the

time being, to

quer, viz.

On June 34.

Sept. 29.

Dec. 25, and

March 25.

