A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. CL 84. 92

videlicet, That the said Trustees shall, on or before the Day of next,*

pay and allow the Sum of out of the Tolls arising upon the said Turnpike Roads,

towards putting the said Road into proper Repair, to be laid out and expended by the Surveyor of

the said Turnpike Road 5 and that the said A. B. shall advance and pay into the Hands of the Trea-

surer of the said Turnpike Road, on or before the Day of next, the Sum

ef to be also laid out and expended by the said Surveyor in the Repair of the said:

Road j and that from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September next, the said Turnpike Road

<hall be kept in Repair by the said Trustees out of the said Tolls, as aforesaid, so long as the said

Turnpike shall continue, upon the said A. B. paying into the Hands of their Treasurer the

Sum of upon the Twenty fifth Day of March, in every Year, which the said A. B.

doth hereby, for himself and his Heirs agree to pay accordingly, so long as the said Road shall be so^

epaired by the said Trustees, as aforesaid. a

[■Or if it be agreed* that A. B. shall keep the Road in Repair, upon having an annual Allowance in Moneys

or Statute duty from doe said Trustees, let tlse Agreement be varied, and adapted to the Cafe.]

NoXItt.

Order of Justices at a Special Session, for proportioning the Statutfc-duty, where there are

Two or more Turnpike Roads in the same Place.

Middlesex. At a Special SeJJtons, held ty Justices of the Peace for the said County, adding for the { Hundred ).

Riding,! Division, etc.) of at within the said (Hundred, etc .) the

Day of . 17,

IT appearing to us, that Part of the Highway lying in the (Parfa etc.) 'of* way

made Turnpike Road by an Act, passed in the Year of the Reign of King

George the called the Turnpike Road, and also that Part of

another Highway, lying inthc fame (Parifa etc.) was made a Turnpike Road, by an Apaffed in

the Year of the Reign of King George the called'

Turnpike Road; and that, &c. [State the others in the jtime Mnrtner^ if there are more thhn 7Wo] and

that by the said several Acts, moie than Three Days Statute-duty are required to be performed by the

Ihhabitants of the said (Pansa etc.) upon all the said Turnpike Roads 5 and we having, porfuant for

the Directions of this Act>, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, so?

regulating the Turnpike Roads , duiy summoned the Surveyors of the said several rurnpike Roads, and

also the Surveyor of the said (Parifi, etc.) to appear before us this Day; and having had Regard to'

the Extent and Condition of the several Highways within the said (Par/fa etc.) and to the Tolls and

Revenues arising from the said Turnpike Roads*; ami having heard and considered the whole Cafe, wd

do order, that the Inhabitants of the said (Parifa etc.) shall perform (One) Day's Statute-duty upoif

the said Road called the Turnpike Road, (One) other Day’s Statute duty upon*

the said Road called the Turnpike Road, lAc* under the Directions and Inspection

of the Surveyors of those respective Turnpike Roads, and the Remainder of their Statute-duty upon'1

the other Highways within the said (Parifa etc*) under the Direction and Inspection of the Surveyor’

(or Surveyors) thereof.-

A.

az>;-

L

PThe Proportion of the Duty; to be varied as the Circumstances of the Cafe Jbeil require*].

No. XIV.-

Order of Justices at a Special Sessions,. to take Part of the Statute-duty from Turnpike

Roads, for the Benefit of other Highway* in < the said Parish, &c.

Middlesex. At a Special Sessions, held by Justices of the Peace for the said County^ a ft ingin thr (Hun-

dred) of within the said County, at anther Dag qff

17

WHEREAS Application and Complaint upon Oath- has been made unto us by AJBe-Surveyor

of the (Parifa etc:) of that thb several Highways, not being Turnpike, within the

said (Parifa etc.) are very extensive, and ia\bad Repair? and that arconftderable Part of the Statute*

duty arising within the said (Parifa etc.) hath*been called forth, and required to be applied in the Re-

pair of certain Turnpike Roads lying within the said (Parifa etc.) which arc in good Condition, and

Have a considerable Revenue for their Support, arising. from the Tolle collected thereupon: And we

i- having;

