A.D. 1773. " Anno decimo ttrtio Georgii III. 0.46. 757

the said Robert Johnson^ John Gamer* and Daniel Plummer, as shall happen to die, or refuse to act,

as aforesaid; and such other Person or Persons, so nominated and appointed, shall have such and the

fame Power and Authority as is by this Act given to the Person or Persons who shall happen to die,

or refuse to act, as aforesaid. ' ' -

XXXIL Provided also, and be it en^&ed by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Robert If Personstp-^

Johnson^ John Garner, and Daniel Plummert or such other Person or Persons who may be appointed in *ot

their Stead, as aforesaid, or any Two of them, shall not make their said Award at or befoie the Time a* a*/in six

herein-before limited and appointed; then, and in such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful for the said Months othe.*

Commissioners appointed by this A&, or any Five or more of them, at a Meeting to be held in pur- to be appointed#,

fuance hereof, by Writing, under their HanJs and Seals, to nominate Three or more difinterested Persons

for the settling and afcei raining such Matters and Things as the said Robet't Johnson* John Garner, and

Daniel Plummer, are hereby impowered to settle and afeeruin, within such Time or Times as *nc said'

Commissioners,or any Five or more of them, shall fee convenient, and shall specify in such Appointment;

and that, from and immediately after the signing andfealing of such Nomination and Appointment, the

said several Persons so thereby nominated and appointed, shall be inverted with the fame Powers as are

hereby delegated and given to the said Robert Johnson, John Gardner, and Daniel Plumtner and the

Award and Decermination of such Persons, or any Two of them, so to be appointed as aforesaid,.

touching the several Matters and Things to them referred, after the fame shall be authenticated, in the

same Manner as is herein before direcded respecting the Award of the said Robert Johnson, John Garner*

and Daniel Plummer, and also entered with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Huntingdon^

shall be binding and conclusive to the several Parties concerned therein. ,

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Oath to be taken by- the Lid Robert Johnfonw John The Oath foU-

Garner, and Daniel Plummer, or by such other Person or Persons as shall be nominated, as aforesaid, lowlh| uU-

shall be adn\piiftered in the Words, or to the Effect, following; , <. taken;

I A, B. do /wear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the be/l of my Skill and

Judgement, execute the Tru/l reposed in me by virtue of an Act “ For the more effectual draining and

preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Parifto of Yaxley, in the County of Huntingdon

without Favour or Affection to any Person whotnjoever.

So help me GOD.

Which Oath it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the Commissioners to admjnirter.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That a Soke Dike, not exceeding Two Feet wide and Two Soke Dike*for’

Feet deep, shall and may be cut and made by the said Commissioners through the said Lands and beuwdc*

Grounds, at any Distance not exceeding Sixty Feet from the Seat of each of the said Banks, and a

Soke Bank laid on that Side thereof farchcft from the said Banks, for the preserving and keeping the

Soke of the said Rivers, anJ other Outside Waters, from the said Fen Lands, and Low Grounds.

XXXV. And be it tnacled by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Five to ^ pern-

or more of them, may, and they are hereby impowered to purchase such Land, as they shall think for im-

proper, for the Purpose of getting Easth for the raising and supporting the Banks to be made or re- tingMatcmU,

paired in pursuance of this Act, and to pay for such Land out of the Taxes to be jaifcd by virtue

nereof.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors, $0myot* m?y

or other Officers appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of their., to cut, dig, take,

and carry away, or cause to be cur, dug, taken, and carried away, any Earth, or Materials proper

for repairing any of the Banks within the Limits aforesaid, in, upon, out of, or fiom, any. Kiver or

Brook, Waste or Common, in any Parish, Town, or Place, in, adjoining to, or near, the said Fen

Lands or Low Grounds, without paying any Thing for the fame; they the said Surveyors,: or other

Officers, filling up or doping down the Pits and Holes made by digging such Earth dr Materials with

all convenient Speed; and, in the mean Time, making a sufficient Fence, to prevent any Misfortune

ar Accident happening in any such Pits or Holes: AnJ if a Quantity Materials sufficient or conve-

niently situated for that Purpose cannot be found in or upon any such River, Brook* Waste, or Com-

mon, then it shall be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, by virtue

of a Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of srfty Five or more of the said Commissioners,

(which Warrants and Precepts the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, are hereby im* < '

powered to grant), to cut, dig, take, and carry away, or cause to be cut, dug, taken, and carricu

away, any Quantity of Earth, or other^Materials. proper and sufficient for that Purpose, in, upon^.

out of, or from, any of the Lands or Grounds of any Person, where the fame may be had or found,.

except from or out of the Lands and Grounds of the said Sir Samson Gideony Baronet, called Adven-

turers Landsy to be used towards repairing the said Banks, (such Lands or Grounds not being a Yard,

walled Garden, Park, Paddock, Wood, Coppice, Nurfcry, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House),

they the said Surveyors, or other Officers, paying or tendering a reafoiuble Compensation to the re- n gatil%

spective Owners or Occupiers of such Lands and Grounds for such Earth, or other Materials atul for fdoionio nle*

the Damage done to such Lands and Grounds, by cutting, digging, and carrying away, the lame: Owrcis.

And in case of any Difference between the said Commissioners, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, or Justices to dr.*

other Officer or Officers, and any of the said Owners or Occupiers, touching the Prtinifes, any Two *rn,ne

er more Justices of the Peace for the County, Liberty, or Place, where the fame shall*happen, not *ercnces»

interested in the Premises, shall and may, on Ten Days Notice thereof, in Writing, to be given by

Vou XL 5 E any

