A.D. 1771.

Anno undecimo Georgii IIF.

C. 45. 269

appear, or who shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being so sworn, shall refuse <0 give or not give

their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully negTedt their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent arid

Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who, being required to give Evidence before the said Jmy

touching the Premises, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be (worn and give Evi-

dence; and, from time to time, to recover, levy, and apply such Fine or Fines in the same Manner as

any other Forfeiture or Penalty is by this Act directed to be recovered, levied, and applied, so as that no

such Fine shall exceed the Sum of nve Pounds upon any one Person, for one Offence.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any such Jury shall give in How thrEx-

and deliver a Verdict or Aflcttment for more Monies as a Recompence for the Right, Interest, or Pro- pemrs of juries

perty of any Person or Persons in any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or for any such Loss or b= de*

Damage, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Commissioners, or any eleven or more

of them, before the summoning and returning the said Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such

Right, Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid; that then, and in such Cafe, the Colls and

Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnettcs shall be borne and paid by the fa:J

Commissioners, or any eleven or more of them, out of the Profits of the said Navigation, or out of any

Money to be borrowed upon the Credit thereof; hut if any such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or

Assessment for no more or for less Monies than shall have been agreea to and offered determined by the said Coir, mi f-

sioners, or any eleven or more of them, before the summoning and returning the said Jury, as a Recom-

pence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property in, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that

then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnettcs shall be borne and

paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Commissioners shall have such Controversy or Diipute.

XXXI. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conltrucd to extend,

to authorise and impower the said Commissioners to compel or oblige the Owner or Proprietor of any Gar- not to mAe

den, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, inclosed Lawn, or planted Avenue to any House, which have been Towing-p.ths

respectively used as such, six Months before the patting of this Act (except such where Towing-paths are

row used) or the Owner or Proprietor of any Mcfluage or Tenement erected or built, or begun to be of Vropri«-'r»*

erected or built, six Months before the patting of this Act, to pull down, let, fell, or convey such Mef-

fuage, Tenement, Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, inclosed Lawn, or Avenue, or any Part

thereof, to the said Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons; nor (hnli any Thing in this Act con-

tained impower the said Commissioners to make any new Towing-path, Bank, Cut, Road, Bridge,

Wharf, Lock, Weir, Buck, Winch, Spike, Dam, Flood-gate, Pound, Turnpike, Toll-gate, or En-

gine over, upon, or through any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, inclosed Lawn, or planted

Avenue to any House, without the Consent of the Owner or Proprietor thereof.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained j>0 prrvfnt

shall extend, or be construed to extend, to impower the said Commissioners, or any of them, to make, or making Tow.

cause to be made* any new Towing-paths or Landing-places over or through any Lands or Grounds now ing-paths

belonging to Richard Mitchell Esquire, of Cuiham Court, in the Parish of Hargrave^ in the County of tJi'°ugh

Berks \ nor to builJ any Bridge on, nor to ftarion any Boat or Float within two hundred Yards of anyEft’^cl‘§

Island or Lands belonging to the said Richard Mitchell\ any Thing herein contained to the contrary not- J c*

withstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Sum and Sums of upon Payment

Money so assessed as aforesaid, is and are hereby charged upon the Monies which shall be raised by virtue of the Morey

of this Act, and shall be paid thereout accordingly by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of an.r,rcd»the,rc*

them, or their Treasurer, to the Persons respectively intitled thereto, or to their Agents; and that upon

Payment thereof to such Persons, or their Agents, or upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Treasurer fonw?'

to the said Commissioners, for the Use of such Persons, or their Agents respectively, such Lands, Tene-

ments, and Hereditaments, shall, by the said Commissioners, their Surveyor or Surveyors, Woikmen or

Agents, he taken for the Use of the said Navigation and Purposes before mentioned.

XXXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Barge, Boat, or Vessel, shall draw VefM< not t/>

more than three Feet of Water; which Depth shall be ascertained by a strait white Line, one Inch broad, draw m^rethan

extending from Head to Stern, on each Side of every Barge, Boat, or Vessel; and if it shall appear to any th.ree Kcet of

two or more of the said Commissioners, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses "aUr*

iwhich Oath the said two or more Commissioners are hereby impowered to administer), that any Person or

*erfons hath or have navigated his or their Barge drawing more than three Feet of Water, or that he or

they hath or have not the said white Line on each Side of his Barge, every such Person and Persons so of-

fending, and being thereof duly convicted by the said Commissioners, shall forfeit and pay not more than

twenty Pounds, nor less than five Pounds; to be levied by Distrcfs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and

Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any such there be) to the Owner, after the Charges attending such

D.stress and Sale shall be deduced.

XXXV. Provided always. That nothing relating to the Draught of Water that such Barges, Boats, or Not toettfr. i to

Vessels, are to draw, or the Mark of any Line on such Barge, Boat, or Vessel, shall extend, or be con- Barge» *<-. rot

(trued to extend, to any Barge, Boat, or Vefld, that shall not be navigated beyond the Flux of the picat^.nd

tl»e Flui ol the

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Orders of the said Com-^uIc*

mittioners shall be signed by such Number of Commissioners as are herein before impowered to make the n,®nnfrl

fame, and shall be kept by the Clerks to such Commissioners; and that such Clerks shall permit the fame

10 be inspedted by all Persons desiring the fame at convenient Times, and shall deliver Copies thereof, or

of any Part thereof, to any Person desiring the fame, taking for the Searches one Shilling for each

Search

G. oooole

