C. 84.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

A.D. 1773:

N*. IV.

Complaint to the Court of Quarter Sessions of a Turnpike Road being damaged by

ceffive Weights, and that there is no Weighing Engine upon it.

To the Justices at the General Quarter Seffons of the Peace for the (County^ Riding) Division) of

WE, whose Names are subscribed, being (Creditors or Trustees) under an A&, passed in the

Year of the Reign of King George the for, &c, [State the

principal Part of the Title of the Act], do hereby complain to the Justices at the said Court, that a

Part of the said Turnpike Road, lying between and is much

damaged by the Carriage of excessive Weights thereupon, and that the Trustees of the said Turnpike

Road have hitherto neglected to erect, or order any Weighing Engine to be erected, upon the said

Road, pursuant to the Powers given to them by the* Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of

King George the Third* for regulating the Turnpike Roads j and we apprehend, that if a Weighing En-

gine was to be erected upon the said Road, pursuant to the £aid Act, at or near the Toll-gate at

(or known by the Name of the Gate), it would

tontributt greatly to the Preservation of the said Road.

Signed this Day of 17

(If a fujlict of Peace makes the Complaint, the Form will be as under);

Middlesex.X A. B. One of His Majesty’s Justices of Peace for the said County, do hereby complain*

X above).

N*. V.

Notice of a Meeting of Trustees* for ordering a Siie-gate to be erected*

VTOTICE is hereby given. That the Trustees of the Turnpike Roads, under an Act, passed In

XNI the Year of the Reign of King George the for [State

the material Parts of tlje Title of the Act] will meet at the House of at

on the Day of next, at the Hour of in the

noon, in order to qonfult shout erecting a Toll-gate on the Side of the said Turnpike

Road, at or near a Place called across a certain Highway there, leading to

Dated the Day of 17

A. B. Clerk to the said Trustees*

No. VL

Order of the Trustees for erecting a Side-gate*

AT a Meeting of the Trustees of the Turnpike Roads, under an Act, passed in the

Year of tue Reign of King George the for [HereJlate the material Parts of the

Title of the Art], being assembled this Day of 17 to eoforce the

Directions of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, Frr re-

gulatiw the Turnpike Roads (as far as the fame respects the erecting of Side-gates,) in pursuance of pub-

lick Notice given in Writing upon all the Toll-gates erected on the said Road, and also in the

Newspapers circulated in this Part of the Country, for Twenty-one Days now last past; we do order*;

that a 'Toll-gate shall be erected on the Side of the said Turnpike Road, at or near a PJace called

across a certain Highway there, leading to and that

the fol lowing Toll be taken at the said Gate; videlicet, [Here insert the particular Tolls to be taken at the

said Side gate'].

This to be figoed by Nine Trustees at least*

Ordcf

