494* C. 38. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772

4 raid Houses, Warejioufes, or other Buildings, and such Houses, Warehouses, or other Buildings, aro

* or may be obliged to pave the said other Streets, Lanes, Courts, Alleys,v and other Places, or may be

4 subject to be rated and taxed towards the paving or repairing the fame; be jt therefore further enacted.

That such Houses, Warehouses. or other Buildings, which now are or hereafter shall be so situate, shall

only be rated and taxed for the Purpose aforesaid, at such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commis-

sioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think reasonable, not exceeding Two-thirds oL the Rate

they would have been rated and taxed at if such Houses, Warehouses, or other Buildings, had Rood

, wholly within the said Street, Row, Lane, Alley, or Yard.

Houses letoyt m t LVIII. And whereas many Houses within the said Streets, Rows, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Yards,

4 Passages, or Places, are by the several Owners or Proprietors thereof let out in Lodgings to divers Te-

nnants, whereby it will be difficult to recover such Rates and Assessments when made ; for Remedy

4 whereof,’ be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or

more of them, to rate and assess the Owner or Owners of such Houses or Tenements as shall be let to

or occupied by Two or more Tenants, which Rate and Assessment shall be paid by One or more of the

Tenants or Occupiers of any Part or Parts of such Houses or Tenements ; and in case any Occupier or

Occupiers of any Part of such Houses or Tenements shall refuse to pay the fame, then the said Rate and

Assessment shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of him, her, or them so refufine to pay the

fame; and such Occupier or Occupiers of such Houses and Tenements respectively is and are hereby

required and authorised to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be so rated or assessed on the

Owner or Owners of such Houses, in pursuance of this Act, and to dedud the fame out of their Rent;

and the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, are hereby required to allow such De-

ductions and Payment upon Receipt of the Residue of their Rents ; and every such Tenant paying such

Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall be acquitted and discharged of and from so much Money

as the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessment, shall amount unto, as if the fame had been actually

paid to such Pe/fon or Persons to whom his, her, or their Rent would have been, or shall be, due ana

payable; and in Default of Payment of the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, the fame shall

oe and remain Charge upon the said Premises, and shall and may be recovered of and from the Owner

or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any

of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court for the Recovery of small Debts with-

in the Tower Hamlets, to be commencea and prosecuted by. the said Commissioners, in which Action or

Suit no Protection, Essoin, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners,

or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time, to compound' with the Owner or Owners, Proprie-

for or Proprietors, of any such Houses or Tenements, the annual Rent or Value whereof shall be at or

, under Ten Pounds for the Rate by this A Cl authorised to be laid upon such Houses or Tenements, so as

in such Composition there be not remitted to any such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors.re•

spectively, more than One-third of the Rate or Assessment by this Act laid upon such Houses or Tene-

ments respectively.

LX. And it is hereby further enacted, That where any of the Lands, Shops, Warehouses, Coach-

houses. Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall, at the Time of making

any of the said Rates or Assessments for the Purposes of paving, be empty, untenanted, or unoccupied;

then, and in every such Cafe, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of

them, to rate and assess such Premises respectively, at One Half of such Rates or Assessroents, during the

Time only that such Premises shall be empty, untenanted, or unoccupied 5 and also in case any such rrc-

mises, after the making such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall become empty, untenanted

or unoccupied, One Half only of such Rate or Assessment shall be charged on such Premises respectively*

for and during so long a Time as the fame shall continue empty, untenanted and unoccupied; and then*

and in any of the said Cafes, the said Rate or Rates, Aileffment or Assessments, and all Arrears thereon*

shall be paid by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lcffees, or by the first or

any other Tenant or Occupier thereof, and in which last Cafe such Tenant or Tenants*- Occupier or

Occupiers, shall and may, and is and are hereby authorised to dedud and detain the fame out of his*

her, or their Rent or Rents respectively ; and the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, of such

Premises, is and are hereby required to allow such Deduction and Payment upon Receipt of the Re-

fidue of his, her, or their respective Rents ; and the said Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers,

shall be, and is, and are hereby acquitted and discharged of and from so much of his, her, or their Rent*

as the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, and all Arrears due thereon, and so paid by him, her,

or them, shall amount unto.

landlord*, arc. 4 LXJ. And whereas there are or may be many Houses, Buildings, Stables, Lands, Grounds, Te-

kafcle to Rato*. c nements, Hereditaments, and Premises, which are taken on Leases for Years or otherwise, and

4 are by the Lessees or Tenants, and also by Landlords or Owners, let out in Parcels or separate

4 Apartments to Under-tenants, and other Houses and Premises let ready furnished to Lodgers ;’ be it

4 therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lessee, Landlord, Owner, or Proprietor,

and each and every such House, Building, Stable, Land, Ground, Tenement, or Hereditament, so

let our, or which shall be let out, in Parcels or separate Apartments, or ready furnished to a Lodger

or Lodgers, shall be deemed and taken as the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, and shall be liable and

subjea to the Payment of the Rates or Assessments directed by this Act to be made, raised, and levied,

according to the yearly Rent or Value of such Premises.

LXII. And, for the more easy Recovery of such Rates or Assessments, be it further enacted.

Tenement* how

to be rated.

Power to com*

pound.

Empty House*,

& c. how to be

rated.

Occupiers to pay

Rates,

That each and every Person

1

so renting or occupying any such Parcel or separate Apartment as afore-

said*

