The TITLES of

Town of Lancaster% in the County Palatine of Lan-

cashr.

82. An Act for Repairing and Widening several Roads

leading through the County of Lanerky and for building

a Bridge over the River Clyde, at or near a Place called

the Howfordy in the said County.

83. An Act to continue and render more effectual an Act

passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His

late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North

Queen s Ferry, through the Towns of Inverkeithing and

Kinross to the Town of Perth ; and also the Road from

the said Queen*5 Ferry to the Towns of Dumfermliney

Tonyburn, and Culrofs ; and also the Road from the said

Queen's Ferry, through Inverkeithing, to Burntifiand and

Kirkcaldle.

84. An Act to continue and render more effectual several

Acts for repairing the Roads from the Parish of Enfield,

in the County of Middlej'ex, to the Town of Hertford,

and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned ; and also

for repairing the Road from the End of the Town of

Hertford to Amwell End near lVarey in the said County

of Hertford.

85. An Act for Repairing and Widening the Road from

the End of the Present Turnpike Road from BeJfiU

Jleigh to Hunger ford, in the County of Berks, to LeckJ'ord

otherwise Souljey Watery in the County of Wilts.

S6. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s

Reign, for repairing, widening, and altering several

Roads leading from Tavijhck to Plymouth, and other

Places in the County of Devon ; and for repairing and

widening, the Road from the Guildhall in Tavistock

aforesaid, through Matthew Street and Eower Brook

Street, to Cherrybrooky and to Dunn abridge Pound\ and

from the Callingtcn Turnpike Road to Morivellham and

New Qiiay, in the said county.

87. An Act for building a Biidge cross the River Ure,

from Great Ouftborn to Aldworky in the County of

York.

88. An Act to continue and render more effectual Two

several Acts for repairing the Roads leading from the

Town of Munch eftery in the County of Lancnjhr, through

the Town of Ashton under Lincy and Parish of Mottram

Longdendaley and from thence to Salter's Brooky in the

County Palatine of Chester.

89. An Act to continue and render more effectual several

Acts for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and

Hocklijfe, in the County of Bedford ; and from the Sign

of the White Horse to the Sign of the King's Arms in

Hockdijfe aforesaid ; and also for making Provision for

the more effectual repairing the Road leading from the

Sign of the Waggon and Horses to the Bull Inn in Dun•

Jlable aforesaid.

90. An Act for Repairing and Widening the Road from

the Weft End of Saint Ives Laney in the Town of Saint

Neoisy in the County of Huntingdon, to the Pavement

at the End of Bell Laney in the Town of Cambridge.

91. An Act for Repairing and Widening the Road from

the Warwick Road near Solihull, to the Guide Post in

Kenilworth \ and from Stone Bridge, to meet the afore-

said Road on Balfali Common, in the County of War-

wick.

92. An Act to continue, amend, and render more effec-

tual, an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from

Tunbridge Wellsy in the County of Kenty to Swift's Den,

in the Parish of Etchingham, and from Frant to Pcf

fingworth Great Wocdy adjoining to the Turnpike Road

1 there, leading to Black Boys, in the County of Sujjcx.

the STATUTES.

93. An Act for Repairing and Widening the Road from

the Exeter Turnpike at Reedy Gatey in the Parish of

Dun ford, in the County of Devon, to Cherrybrooky in

the r oreft of Dartmore, in the said County.

94. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late

Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads lead-

ing to, through, and from the Town of Frome, in the

County of Somerset j and several other Roads in the -

Counties of Somerset and Wilts.

95. An Act for Repairing and Amending the Road from

Becrstreet Gates, in the City of Norwich to New Bucken-

gham, in the County of Norfolk.

96. An Act for Repairing, Widening, and keeping in

Repair the Road from Burlton, in the County of Salopy

through Knockiny to Llanymyncch in the same County,

and from Knockin to the East End of the Llanriaaer

Road, and from PlaceCarrick Lane to theTurnpike Road

from Llanymynech to Oswestry near Cold I [fa Mountain, and

from Oswestry Turnpike Road on Knochin Heath to tho

East End of Knockin Lane.

97. An Act for Repairing and Widening the Roads front

the Confines of the County of Berwick at or near Bang-

hoxfe Walls to Compton's Lancs, and Eymouthy and from

the Town of Eccles to Eymouthy and from Whitdaw

Muir to Compton's Lanes, in the County of Berwick.

98. An Act for Repairing and Widening the Road leading

from the East End of the Bridge across the River Ouze,

in Downham Market Xo the Queen's Hcad\ and from the

Chequer Inn in Downham Market aforesaid, to the East

End of the Two Mile Close, in the Parish of Barton and

towards Watton, to a Place called The Devil's Ditchy

in the County of Norfolk; and for flopping up the Road

leading from Stradfet through Barton Lyes, towards

IVatton. 1

99. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two

Acts made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth

Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the

Second for Repairing and Widening Old Street Roeay\\\

the Parishes of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard Shoreditch,

in the County of Middlesex.

100. An Act for building a Temporary Bridge over the

River Tyney between the Town of Newc&JUe upon Tyne ,

and Gatefncad in the County of Durham.

101. An Act to Continue the Term, and vary the Pow-

ers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-first

Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing

the Road from Sutton Coldfield Commony and several other

Roads therein described, in the County of Staffordas

relates to the Wolverhampton District of Roads,

102. An Act for Repealing certain Provisions in Two

Acts of Parliament, so far as the fame relate to repair-

ing the Highways in the Parish of Saint Mary Mat fe-

lony otherwise Whitechapel, in the County of Mi fide-

fex\ and for railing Money for repairing the said High-

ways.

103. An Act for the better Preservation of the Great Bark

of the River Wc!landy from Spalding High Bridgry through

Cowbit Peakilly Crowland, and Pcakirk, and lor making

and keeping in Repair a Road thereon, and from thence

to the Village ofsGlentony in the Counties of Lincoln and

Northampton.

104. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Eleventh

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amend-

ing and widening the Road from Bficlfidgh, through

Wantage, to Hungerfordy in the County of Berks; and

from lYantage to Alarlborough, in the County of

Wilts j and from the Turnpike Road between Reading

d 2 and

