7 to C. 40.

Anno dfocfrab Wti© Georg u III.

A; p. 1773.

Per font allowed

Cfommissioners to any tPerson or Persons whomsover, for or on Account of the fa

^ ' 111. And be ifienacted by the Authorty aforesaid, That in case any Owner

After Expiration

of 14 Year*,

Commissioners

to have Power

to lay a further

Tax of 1 1, 6 d.

per Acre*

Payments 5 (tbit is to say). On the Twenty-fqjurth P^y 0/ June, and the Twenty-fourth Day of De-

cember, in every Year, after the passing of -this Act during the Term and Time aforesaid $ the First

Payment thwof?o ht m*deqn <h* TwntynfptuSh pay of 3W frfter paging of this Aftt

to the Trpafurqr pt Recpivqr of the said.D$ri& or Division, t<p be Apjplict} J>Y the Jfaid Com^iffionprs,

in full Difcha^ge arid Satisfaction;of the fevexal Debts and Sums of Money, now que from the said

*v >-----' ' " ^ hid DifaiA.

or Ptfopxittor, Owners

by thve Act

rq iop tjiedaid

Tax of Two

iixpetadeah Acre, so charged on his said Lands and Grounds, it 'flu! ! and may'be lawful

tox the tikii;omiBrffi6ners, pr any Five or rapre of them, to accept and receive the same, and* to

gay apply *hc Sum apcbSpttts of Jfyfoney so Received in the T^ym^pt of the pehtydise and

p*y\ng from the said Commi^oners, and so| yfnion the said Rate or Ta^ of Two SMUqys £Qd S»x*

fence an Aore is herAy drrefted to be paldannuaHy, on Receipt of the said Commimonfrs, or any

ive or more of them, for such Rate or Tax, to the Perfba or rexfixw paying the fame, raatt %c a Aill

Discharge to such Person or Persons; and, from the Date of such Receipt or Receipts for the fame,

as aforesaid,' the Lands and Tenementscharged by virtue of this Act with the Payment of the said

Rite or Tax of Two Shillings aid Sixpence an Acre, shall be for ever exonerated, reloaded,

and discharged from the Payment thereof; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary

iptwtthftanding. *-!* \

JV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of the said Term of Fourteen

{fcuantitiet of

Lamis u infor-

mer Ait.

Tea of at. 6d.

for 14 Years,

veiled in Com-

missionera, in

order ta pay the

Debts of the

Distndt, See.

The Tax of a *.

6d. per Acre to

cease if the

Debts are paid

before the said

14 Years.

Y^ars, ox so soon as the said Debts fhfeH be paid and satisfied, and the said.Rate of Two Shillings

and Sixpence an Acre fhaiJ cease and determine, it shall and may be lawful for the CommiOtoners -

of the said District, and their Successors, or the major Part of them, over and above the said Rate or

Tax of One Shilling an Acre, charged upon the Lands and Grounds lying in the said Second Distri&

or Division by the said former < Aa, Once in every Year; that is to say. On the First Tuesday in

July next after the Expiration -of the said Term of Fourteen Years, or after the said Debts shall be

so paid and satisfied, to affefe, tax, and charge all and every the Owner and Owners, Occupier or

Occupiers, of all and every the said Lands and Grounds, lying within the said Seconch Distvi& or

Division, (except as in the said former Act is excepted), with a further equal annual Rate or Tax,

not exceeding the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence pxr Acre for every Acre of the Lands and

Grounds, lying within the said Second District or Division; which said lafhmentioned additional

Rate and Tax lo to he laid, taxed, or assessed by the said Commtfiioners, as aforesaid, {hall hr paid

by the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands or Grounds comprised in the said Distri&, to such Per-

son or Persons, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner and Proportion, as the Commissioners

for the said Second Drftridt or Division, or any Five or more of them pxefent at any such annual

Meeting, shall, from Time to Time, order ana direct; and shall, together with the Monies to be

xaised and borrowed on the Credit thereof, be applied and disposed of at the Discretion of the said

Commissioners, or the major Part of them, present at any Meeting to be held for the said District,

fof which Meeting Seven Days Notice shall be given to the said Commissioners), jn or about the

particular Works, Banks, Drains, Mills, Engines, and other Matters, and Things, neceftaxy for

draining the said District, in such and the same Manner as the said Rate or Tax of One Shilling an

Acre, charged on the said District or Division by the said former Act, is directed to be applied, and

to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

V, And be it further enacted, That the Quantities of the Lands and Grounds hereby rated, taxed,

charged, and aft'efied, shall be taken according to the respective Quantities thereof afeemined in

pursuance of the said former Act, (except the Lands and Grounds in the said Parish of Eyre herein-

before excepted); and that the respective Owners or Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds shall

Say the said Rates and Taxes hereby rated and addled, according to the fame Number of Acres,.

Loods, and Perches, as they are now rated and taxed at under the said former Act; and the said

Commissioners are hereby impowered and required to rate such Lands accordingly*

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Rate and Tax of Two Shillings and Sixpence an

Acre, hereby charged upon the Lands and Grounds within the said District, for and during the said

Term of Fourteen Years, shall be veiled in, and applied, and disposed of by the said'Conunifttoners

for the said District, and their Succellbrs, for and towards the paying and discharging such Debts as

shall have been incurred and contracted by the said Commissioners, in and for repairing the several

Works of the said District or Division, or for repairing or rebuilding any of the mills. Banks,

Headings, Trays, Drains, Tunnels, Sluices, Doors, or other Works, within the said District or

Division, or in or for the Purchase of any Piece or Pieces of Land, in order that proper Drains,

Stamps, and Soak Banks, and Floor Works, might be made, cut, and laid out through the fame, for

conveying the Waters of the said District the more easily and quickly to their respective Engines for

draining the fame; but, in case the said Debts- (o contracted by the said Commissionevs, together

with the Interest thereof, shall be fully paid and satisfied before the Expiration of the fold Term of

Fourteen Years; then, from and immediately after fuen Payment, the said Rate, Tax or Payment

of Two Shillings and Sixpence

mine,

(landing*

an Acre,

and be utterly void $ any Thing in

so charged by virtue of this Act, shall cease, deter-

this Act contained to the Contrary thereof notwith-

