i88

Rate how to be

made.

Assessors to be

appointed.

Empty House*

exempted from

the AJIetfment.

Proprietors to

be relieved from

the AflVtTmcat

by their Tc-

Ainu,

R.tt« how to

be applied,

Proceedings to

be entered in a

Book.

Book* may be

in spe died.

C. 30. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

distributing the Water, and Fountains to be erected as aforesaid ; every Person or Persons so offending

shall forfeit, for the first Offence, the Sum of twenty Shillings Sterling; for the second Offence, forty

Shillings Sterling; and for the third and every subsequent Offence, the bum of five Pounds Sterling, over

and above the Reparation of the real Damage done.

4 XIX. And, in order to raise a Fund for defraying the Charges and Expences of carrying this A&into

4 Execution,* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Stent-masters of the Town of Leith shall

be, and they are hereby impowered and required, at the Time of imposing and proportioning the Land

Tax or Cess of the said Town of Leith, annually to assess and lay upon all Heritors, Liferenters, andothei

Proprietors of Houses, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Town of South Leith, subject to the Pay-

ment of the Land Tax or Cess, an annual Assessment not exceeding Sixpence Sterling in the Pound of

valued Rent, as the fame are now, or shall at any Time hereafter stand valued in the Cess or Supply Books

of the said Town of South Leith; which annual Assessment shall be payable in the fame Proportions, and

at the fame Terms, as the Land Tax or Cess for each Year respectively is and shall be payable ; and shall

be levied and collected by the Collector of the Cess for the said Town of South Leith; and the like Action

and Execution shall be, and is hereby directed and appointed to be competent for Recovery and levying

such Assessment as by the Law and Practice of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland is authorised by

Law, and used for levying and bringing in of the Cess or Land Tax ; and the Collector of the Cess for the

Town of Leith for the time being is hereby impowered and required so to levy, collect, and afterwards to

pay over the said Assessment to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any seven

of them, shall appoint.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in order for levying a like propor-

tional Assessment within the said Territory of Saint Anthony and Yard Heads of Leith, the Baillieof Saint

Anthony for the time being, and whole Heritors, Liferenters, and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements

within the said Territory of Saint Anthony and Yard Heads> shall, on the last Monday in the Month of y/a-

gust that shall first happen after the passing of this A&, and on the last Monday in August annually there-

after, between the Hours of Three and hive in the Afternoon, meet and assemble in the said Convening-

house, and then and there, by the Majority of Voices of the said Meeting, elect and chuse four Persons as

Assessors, who are hereby impowered and appointed to take up a Valuation of the Rents of the Houses,

Lands, and Tenements, in the said Territories of Saint Anthony and Yard Heads, in the fame Proportion

as is or shall be done within the Town of Leith, and to assess and impose on the said Lands, Houses, and

Tenements, an annual Assessment not exceeding Sixpence Sterling in the Pound of valued Rent aforesaid;

and toelecl and chuse a Collector for levying ana collecting the said Assessment, which shall be payable in

the fame Proportions, and at the fame Terms, as the Land Cess for each Year respectively ; and the like

Action and Execution competent for recovering the fame, as is provided for levying the aforesaid Assess-

roent in the Town of Leith; and the said Collector so to be elected is hereby authorised and impowered

accordingly so to levy, colle£, and pay over the said Assessment to the said Commissioners, or to such Per-

son or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall appoint.

XXI. Provided nevertheless, That empty or untenanted Houses shall be, and are hereby declared to be

free and exempted, so long as they shall respectively continue in that State, from the Assessment by this

Act imposed ; any Thing in the fame to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted, That each Heritor, Liferenter, or other Proprietor

liable to the Payment of the said Assessment, shall have Relief of and from the Tenant or Tenants of the

said Houses, Land?, and Tenements, within the Limits aforesaid, for and in respect of all Affeflments

which, under and by virtue of this A&, shall be paid by such Heritor, Liferenter, or other Proprietor, or

which shall be levied out of his or her Houses, Lands, and Tenements; and that the like Action and Exe-

cution shall be allowed and competent to the said Heritors, Liferenters, and Proprietors, for their Relief

and Repayment of the said Assessment, as by Law is competent to them for the levying and recovering

Payment of the Rents of the said Lands, Houses, and Tenements.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Sums arising from the Assessment aforesaid, and pecuniary

Penalties and Forfeitures before recited, shall be by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them,

in the first place, applied to the defraying the Charges of passing this A&, and afterwards wholly and foiely

to the Uses and Purposes herein before mentioned for the putting this Adfc in Execution, respecting the

cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Avenues, and Passages within the Limits aforesaid, and for

bringing in Water to the fame, and to no other Intent, Use, or Purpose whatsoever; and that no Allow-

ance or Allowances shall, on any Account whatfeever, be made out of the Funds aforesaid, to any Com*

missioner or Commissioners, for his or their Attendance or personal Labour in putting this Act in Exe-

cution.

XXIV. And be it likewise enacted, That all and every Act and Acts of the said Commissioners shall be

entered in a Book, so be for that Purpose kept by their Treasurer or Clerk ; which said Book, and all Books

and Entries respe£!ing the fame, or which otherwise contain any Account or Accounts relative to the Pur-

poses of this Act, shall be produced at every public Meeting, to the End that any of the Inhabitants of the

said Town may, if they think proper, then inspeef and fee the fame, without Fee or Reward.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, some time between the first Day of

August and the first Day of November yearly, shall cause a fair and Just Account to be made and wrote out

of all Money received and paid by virtue of this A&; a Copy or Duplicate of which Account, signed by

seven or more of the said Commissioners, shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Commissioners, who shall

permit any Person so assessed as aforesaid to inspect the fame at reasonable Times, paying one Shilling Stir-

ling for each Inspection ; and the said Clerk shall, upon Demand, give Copies of the fame, or any Part

4 thereof*

