37° G. 18.

Anno d.u^ecwp CrEojtoii IIIi.

A. E>. 1-772*

Landlord.

Parishioneri to

p?y for the

J'avcments be-

fore certain

I1 laces.

roents/or Hcrc^swnenU, or of th£: Goods and.Chattels of the OwnertwOwners^ of such Houses,

Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments: And in case Yuch Owner or

Owners shall negleG or refuse tapay-the fame for the Space-of Twenty Day* next after the fame Fhall

be demanded of him,. h$r, or them, by-^Notiqq irt Writing under the Hand of the said Collector or

Clerk, to bq delivered to, or left at the Dwelling-house, or usual Place of Abode, of such Owner or

Owners, in case.such Owper or Owners Fhall then live within the said Town and PariFhof Chatham ;

and in case such. Owne* or Owners Fhall not live within the said Town and Parish of Chatham, ihen

under the Hand and.Seal or Hands and Seal*.of any One ormore-Justice or Justices of the Peace for

the County, City, Borough, Town, Division, or Place, where such Owner or Owner* Fhall reside:

p»y«ng/ And in case any Tenant, or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, Fhall pay- to the fatdCoIle£lor more

niore Mon^y th»n Money on ^qcoupt of the said Charges than Fhall be. due from him, her, or them, for the Rent of his,

RcntbCtbeCOv«- her;* ox f^cir House, Buildings Yard, Garden, Land, T enement, or Hereditament, the Overplus

plu? to be mad« thereof Fhall and may be levied Qn the Owner or Owners of such House, Building, Yard* Garden,

good by tht Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Owner or

Owners, by Warrant under th^ Hand, and Seal or Hands and Seals of any One or more Just ice or

Justices of the Peace, for the County, City v Borough, Town, Division, or Place, where such Qoods

or Chattels Fhall be, such Owner or Owners having refused or negleiled, to pay the fame, for the

Space of Ten Days after Demand made thereof by such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers,

his or their Attorney or Agent, for that Purpose appointed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Parishioners of the said Town and Parish of Chatham

Fhall bear and sustain the Charges and Expences of paving, repairing, and keeping in Repair the Pave-

ments in the said Streets adjoining and contiguous to the roor-house for the said Parish of Chatham and

also for paving, for the First Time only, the Pavement before a certain Alms-house or Hospital. called

'Sir John Hawkins's Hospital in the said Town and Parish; the Charges and Expences of maintaining

and keeping in Repair the Pavement lying before the said Alms-house or Hospital, called Sir John

Hawkins's Hospital* Fhall thereafter be borne and sustained by the Governors of the said Almsrhouse. or

Hospital, for the Time being, under the Direction and Powers of this Act; (that is to say), From the

respective Fronts of the said roor-house, and Alms-house.or Hospital, to the Middle of the Street ad4

joining thereto; and the Charges and Expences of repairing the Pavements lying before the said Hospi-

tal or Alrns-house, Fhall, for the first Time only, be paid by the Churchwardens of the said Towri and

‘ Parish for the Time being, to the said Collector or Clerk; and the Charges and Expences of the Paye-

ments adjoining to the said Poor-house, shall be paid by the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of

Chatham, to the said Collector or Clerk ;. and the several Charges and Expences to be paid by (he said

Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Town and Parish, Fhall be allowed to them re-

flectively, in all Accounts touching, their several Offices or Departments, and to all others whom it

may concern: And in case the Churchwardens of the said Parish of Chatham, the Governors of the said

Hospital, or the Overseers of the Poor, or any or either of them, Fhall neglect &r refuse to pay to the

said Collector o( Clerk the Charges and Expences hereby directed to be praid* by them respecrively, for

the Space of Twenty Days next after the fame Fhall be demanded of them respectively, by Notice in

Writing under the Hand of the said Collector or Clerk, to badelivered to themrespectively, or leftat their

respective Dwelling-houses, or usual Places of Abode; then, and in every such Cafe, the said.Charge*

and Expences, so neglected or refused to be piid, Fhall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of thq

Goods and Chattels of the said Churchwardens of the said Town and Parish of Chatham, the Govern

nors of the said Hospital, and the said Overseers of the Poor, or of such of them as by this A& is of

are directed to pay the Charges and Expences so neglected or refused to be paid; and such Distress

Fhall be made by Warrant.under the Hands and Seals of any. Two or more Justices of the Peace ailing

for the Wcftcrn Division of the said County of Kent, (which Warrant such Justices are hereby re

quired and authorised to grant), and the Overplus of the Monies to be raised by such Distress and Sale,

Jif any) after deducing the Charges attending the fame, Fhall be returned to the Owner or Owner*

of the Goods and Chattels so distrained and fold, on Demand.

XIX, And be it further enaited. That neither the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Rbchejlerr

the Wardens and Commonalty of Jloche/ler Brid^e^ the Dean and Chapter of Rochester, the.Governors

of Chatham Chejly the Patron and Brethren of Saint Bartholomew’s Hospital, or any other Person or Per-

fons whomsoever, shaft, on account of any Ground-rent issuing out of, or payable for, any Messuage,.

Yard, Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, in the said Town and Parish, or on account of

their Reversion or interest therein, bq considered, deemed, taken, or adjudged to be, the Owner or1

Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of such Messuage, Yard, Garden, Land* Tenement, or Heredita-

ment, but the Lessee or LeiTees of such Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, or of such

other Person or Persons, or their Assigns, shall, during the Existence of the Term for which such

Messuage, Yard, Garden, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be demised, Fhall be con fide red x '

deemed, taken, and adjudged, for all and every the Purposes of this Act* to be the Owner or Owner$,

Proprietor or Proprietors, of such Messuage, Yard, Garden, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,’

and Fhall, during such Term, hear and pay all Expences and Impositions whatsoever, by force or virtue

hereof, to be borne or defrayed by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of the said Mfcf-

fuage. Yard, Garden, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; any Thing herein contained to the

Contrary notwithstanding.

XX. Provided always. That nothing herein contained Fhall be deemed or taken to make void any

Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, between Landlord and Tenant, touching'or concerning the paving

Who shall be

4cemc4 Owrtrt.

Cnntrafls be-

' tween Land-

Jonh and Ten-

ants not vacated, the said Streets and Lanes, or the keeping in Repair./uch Pavement.

XXI.

’

