582 C. 68.

Anno duodecimo Georgij ITT.

A.D. 1772.

Commissioners

may compound

lor Brcacli of

Contrail.

Penalty'on al-

ike. not exceed

ing 5I. nor less

than 40 s.

Kotico to be

given when

pavements want

.Repair.

not be well and sufficiently performed, according to the Intent and Meaning of such Contrail or Con-

trails, or shall not be finished and completed at or within the Time or Times that the fame is or are

agreed to be completed by the said Contraitor or Contradtore 5 the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other

Person or Persons, shall report the fame to the said Commissioners at their next or any subsequent Meet-

ing, who shall or may thereon bring an Ailion of Debt, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law at ^/?-

miri/lery against any Person or Persons so contracting and neglecting to perform any such Contrail or

Contrails, and for any Penalty or Penalties which shall be contained in such Contract or Contrails;

and on Proof of the Signing of the said Contrail or Contrails and Nonperformance thereof, at the Time

or Times for that Purpose therein mentioned, the said Commissioners shall be inti tied, to, and {hall re-

cover such Penalty or Penalties; which, when recovered, shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act,

under the Direction of the Commissioners.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That itihall be lawful for the said

Commissioners, or any Seven er more of them, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons

against whom such Commissioners shall bring, or cause to be brought, any Action of Actions, Suit or

Suits, for any Penalty or Penalties contained in any Contrail or Contrails made orentered intoinpurfu-

anoe of this Act, on account of any Breach or Nonperformance of any such Contract or Contracts, for

such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, so as the Sum so compounded and agreed upon

be not less than the Injury or Damage fullained by the Breach or Nonperformance of such Contrail or

Contrails, and all Costs, Charges, and Expences, which shall be occasioned thereby.

XL. And be it further enailed by the Authority aforesaid; That no Person or Persons shall alter, or

tering the Form cause to be altered, the Form of any of the Pavements in any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts,

of the Streets, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, which shall be new-paved by Order of such Commissioners, or in

anywise encroach thereon, or put up any Poll or Ports, Step or Steps, to ereil any Bulks or Stalls, or

place out any Shew-glaflcs or Shew-boards, so as to be an lncroachment, or make any Dung-holes or

Saw-pits, upon Pain that every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any

Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, over and above the Expences of relay-

ing and reinstating such Pavements, or taking down such Ports, Bulks, or Stalls, and removing or al-

tering such Shew-boards or Shew-glasses, or rilling up such Dung-holes or Saw-pits, according to the

Direction of such Commissioners.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Meeting

of the Commissioners, if any Householder or Householders, within the Limits aforesaid, shall make

Complaint in Writing, under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, and shall leave the fame at the last or

usual Place of Abode of the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Commissioners, of any Defect or want of

Repair in any of the Pavements of any of the said Squares, Streets, Lancs, Courts, Yards, Alleys,

Passages, or Places, either before or after the fame shall have been new-paved or repaired by virtue of

this Act, Three Days before the Meeting of the said Commissioners ; then, and in every such Cafe, the

said Surveyor or Surveyors shall view the said Pavement, and report the Condition thereof to the said

Commissioners, at their next Meeting; and if the said Surveyor or Surveyois, to whom such Notice

shall be given or left as aforesaid, shall, upon such View, find the Pavement complained of to be bad

and defective, ( unless it shall appear to arise from a Defcd relating to the Water-pipes lying under such

Pavement), the said Commissioners shall give Order to their Contractor or Contractors, Pavior or Pa-

viors, to repair the fame within such Time as they the said Commissioners shall judge necessary for the

n° V-a'n Repair thereof, which Time shall be specified in such Order: And if the Contractor or Contractors,

AcIrDutyJ in8 Favior or Paviors, to whom such Order shall be given, shall not repair and amend such Pavements with-

in such Time as he or they shall be directed by the said Commissioners to repair and amend* the fame;

then and in every such Cafe, the said Contractor or Contractors, Pavior or Paviors, shall forfeit and pay

the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Day that the said defective Pavement shall remain unrepaired,

after the Time limited by the said Commissioners in their said Order; and One Half of every such Pe-

nalty shall be applied and paid to such complaining Householder, for his or her Loss of Time and

'('rouble in and about the Premises.

XLil. Provided always, and is hereby enacted and declared. That if the said Surveyor or Sur-

veyors shall, on any View or Views, be of Opinion that the Pavement or Pavements mentioned to be

bad and defective by such Householder or Householders in such Notice, is not bad and defective ; then.

Commit-ne s to and in such Cafe, the said Commissioners shall forthwith proceed to view the said Pavement, and

*icwthe fame, their Opinion and Order concerning the fame, after such View, shall be final and concluflve ; any

Thing in this Act contained to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XL1IL And it is hercbv enacted. That during the Time.any Square, Street, Lane, Court, Yard/

Alley, Passage, or Place, shall he new-paving or repairing under the Direction of the said Commis-

sioners, they shall have Power to order the necessary Materials to be lodged in that or any adjoining

Street or Place, or Streets or Places, according to their Discretion 5 as also to flop the Way through

any adjacent Square. Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Alley, PaiVage, or Place, so long as they shall judge

necessary ; and all Persons acting under the Dircdiions aforesaid, are hereby indemnified from any

Prosecution or Action whatsoever, except where such Materials shall be lodged upon, or over, or within

Six Feet of the Fire-plug or Cock ; and no such Materials shall be deposited in or near the End of any

Street or Place, in such Manner as to prevent the Admission of Fire-engines.

XLIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners

shall have full Power and Authority to cause all or any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards,

Alleys, Passages, and Places, within the Limits aforesaid* to be watered as often as they shall think

^ Ac*

If 3urveyrrs

think such

Pavements not

de e£\ive, tec.

Where Mate-

rials may be

Jeered,

Street?, *c. to

be^vatexed.

