205

A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 33.

merits, the first Payment to be made to the respective Purchasers or their Aligns, at the Expiration of the

fir it Qurter after Payment of t heir respective Purchase-monies; all which Annuities shall be sold to the

belt ladder at a public Sale, N« tice whereof shall be given in ibme public Newspaper ten Days at the least

before such Sale 9 and all and every the Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased shall be, and they are

hereby cha ged u^on and payable, from time to time, out of the Monies arising from the Rates and Af-

(cllmer.ts to be raised and afleiild by virtue of this Adh

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every, Person and Persons who shall purchase such Annuitictto bt

Annuity or Annuities, and shall duly pay the Purchase-money for the fame, and his, her, and their respec- ,r‘r *rom

live Executors, AdmmiUrators, and Aligns, (hdl have, receive, and enjoy the respective Annuity or An- Ta*e,#

nuitiis so purchaicd, during the Tfcim of the natural Life or Lives of the Person or Persons by them

respectively nominated at the Lime of such Purch ife, and shall have good, sure, absolute, and indefeasible

E’ffatcs and InteieiL in the said Annuities respectively, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this

Act; and that none of the said Annuitants shall be subject or liable to any 'Lax assessed upon Land by

Authority of Parliament; and every such Purchaser shall, upon Payment of his or her Purchase-money as

atoicluid, have an Order upon Parchment or Vellum for Payment of the Annuity or Annuities lo purchased

by him or her, for or during the natural Life or Lives of such Person or Persons as shall be nominated by him

or her as aforesaid; which Order shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them,

and, after figmng thereof, shall be firm, good, valid, and effectual in the Law, according to the Purport

and Meaning thereof, nnd of this AoL

LX V ill. And be it further enacted, That there shal! be entered in a Book or Books, to be for that Pur- Securitiri to be

pole provided and kept by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, all Securities for Monies bor- cn rred in

rowed by virtue or in pursuance of this Aef, and all Alignments or Transfers thereof, expressing in Words

at Length the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode, and other Descriptions of all such Persons

as shall, from time to time, be intitled to such Securities, and the Sums received upon such Securities ;

to which Book or Books the Fcrfnns inti tied thereto, and a! 1 and every other Person or Persons liable to the

Payment of the said Rates and Aiifincnts, shall at all fcafomble 'Limes have Access, with free Liberty to

irdpedt the fame without Fee or Reward: And if any Sum or Sums of Money shall at any time remain

over ami above what shall be suficient to pay such Interest and Annuities as aforesaid, then such Sum or

Sums of Money shall be applied towards paying off the Principal so borrowed and taken up at interelt as

aforesaid; and, lor that Purpose, may be placed out at Interest on Government Security, in the Name or

N.:mcs of the TreJurer or Treasurers for the time being 10 such Commissioners, at such Time and in such

Manner as the Lid Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall direct or appoint, until the fame

shall amount to the Sum of five hundred Pounds; which Sum shall be applied for and towards the Payment

of the Money le nt and advanced on such Rates; and no Preference either in the Payment of Interclt or Creditors

Principal shall he given to any Person or Persons w'haToever on account of the Priority of advancing any cd cSuai 1,1 ^e-

such Sum or Sums, but that each Person shall be a Creditor in equal Degree, according to the Sum orgfee‘

Sum* lo by him, her, or them, lent and advanced as aforesaid.

LXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar Copies of all Alignments, Con-Copies of Afllpn.

veyanecs, and Securities made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall be entered in a Book or Books n,rnt? 10 rf*-

to be kept for that Pur pc ft* by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, and all and every Person and teitd in a Bc©k#

Persons to whom any such Alignment, Conveyance, or Security shall be made, is and arc hereby im-

powared, fiom time to time, determined by Alignment under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, and to be indorsed

on the Bac k of his, her, or th.ir Stem icy, < r by miy other Writing or Writings, which shall be executed

in th<* Presence of two or more credible WkiKjFes, to aliign over and transfer his, her, or their Right to

the Princ

nun:s or

the Date

Date, Nanus of the Parties, and Sums of Monty therein mentioned to be aligned and transferred in the

Lid Bo' k or Books to be kept for entering the said original Alignments and Conveyances, for which the

(a:d I It 1 k or Clerks, or one of them, shall be paid the Sum of two Shilling? and Sixpence, and no more ;

and win h fan! Book or Bonks shall and may, at all seas >n.*ble Times, beptrufed and inspecteJ without Fee

or ktward, by any Per ion or Persons inteielled in such Security or Se-urnics, Alignment or Alignments 5

and after such Entry shall he made, such Alignment and Transfer shall intitle fm h Aligner, his, her, or^(p^nmcn»,

their Executors, Administrators, and Aligns, to he Benefit thereof and the Payment thereon, and such n be inaf-

AlTE j ce m ty in such Manner align or transfer again, and so teties quuh's \ and it shall not be in the Power ferred.

ot m»v Peric n who shall have made such Alignment or Transfer to make void or discharge the lame, or

any M>nas due thereon.

LXX. At'1 it i> h-reby further cnaffcrl. That where any of the Lands, IToufvs, Shops, Warrhnufcs, Untcnan'rd

Co.u h honks, St.ibbsJ C ellars, Vaults, Build.ngs, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall, at the T me of hnuie* n> ;»ay

making any of the said Rates or Assessmen:s, be empty, imten.mted, or unoccupit d, then, and4 in every OIll> K-tes,

such Cafe, it shall and m y be lawful so and for the 1 id lorn m'dioners, <r any seven or more of them,

to rate and aflc‘s such Pierri cs respectively at on* half of f.ch Rates or AiElIments dui ing the lime

only ihu fu h Pom iles shall be empry, tinfenanted, or uuo< cupied *, and also, in case any fin h Piemilcs,

after the nuking :mh Rao < 1 R o s, Alieflment Oi Afiflmdnts, shall become empty, untenanted, or un-

occu; ic J, one h 1 only of fu h K.rc 01 Aileflment shall be charged on such Premiles rr Ip* iv«! v, for and

during so 'ong *» Tu e as the f»ne flu'l c^nrinu* empty, untenanted, and tin* . ruj-ied i and then,; n^l in ^ pa:d by the

any ot ir* lain C. ics, toe I iid !v 1te »i Kut- s, >!» fiment or Act llments, an 1 all Arr< ars due thereon, shall ^c.

be p»ud ty the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Ldiee 01 Luieis, or 1 y the tirfl or ar.v other

Tenant

pal and Interest Money thereby secured to any Person or Persons w'homioever; all which Ailign- ^otififd to

Tiaiufcis shall be produced, and notified to the said Clerk or Clerks within thirty Djys next after the cJr'k

thereof, who shall cjufe an Entiy of such Transfers or Alignments to be made, containing the tn

