8o8

Th« Commis-

sioners under

this Act may

agree with the

Commissioner*

Of Sewert, See.

for draining of

Lands into

Buckworth's

Drain.

Limitation of

A&ioos.

General I/Tue.

Treble Coils.

Piblick AO.

C. 61, 6a. Anno decimo tertio Georgi III. A; D. 1773.

Bank or Banks from Clow*s Cross to Guyhirn CVfl/h'and from thence to JVisbech Bridge, and so to a Place

called The Horseshoe, in the Parish of Levcrington, but that the said Lands and Grounds shall (till remain

charged and chargeable with the said Rate or Tax, known by the Name of The Halfpenny Acre Shoty

and shall (till remain charged and chargeable towards the repairing of the said Bank or Banks, in such

Proportion, Manner, and Form, as before the passing of this Act they have been used to be charged

towards the said Repairs^ and that the said Commissioners of Sewers shall have full Powier and Autho-'

rity to assess, rate, and tax the said Lands and Grounds respectively for and towards the said Half*'

penny Acre Shot) and for and towards the repairing of the said Bank or Banks, in the Proportion and

Manner before mentioned; and shall have the fame Powers and Remedies for the Recovery and com-

pelling Payment of the said Halfpenny Acre Shot, and also for the other Rates and Assessments to be

by them imposed on the said Lands and Grounds in Tid Saint Giles and Newton, on the East Side of

Black Dike, for the repairing of the said Bank or Banks, as they have heretofore had and exercised by

or under any Law or Commission of Sewers $ any Thing herein-before contained to the Contrary

thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and mav be lawful to and

for the said Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, by virtue of this Act, from Time to Time,

and at all Times hereafter, to agree with the said Commissioners of Sewers, or with the Proprie-

tors and Owners of Lands in Tid Saint Giles High or Low Marjhy Newton Marsh, or West Walton

Marjhy or any of them, for the draining of the Lands in the said Marshes, or any of them, into the

Drain called Buckworth's Drainy upon such Terms and Conditions as they shall think proper 5 and

that after such Agreement shall be so made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Comtnif-

sioners of Sewers, and to and for the said Land Owners and Proprietors, to drain the said Lands by

and through the said Drain, and not otherwise \ any Thing herein contained to the Contrary thereof

in any-wile notwithstanding. f

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Suit, or Imforma-

tion, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or to be

done in pursuance of this Act, or in the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given,

every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fast

committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the said Isle, or in the County where

the Cause of Action shall arise; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions, Suit

or Suits, shall and may plead the General Ifl’ue, and, if in Replevin, justify and avow, by virtue of

this Act, as Persons acting by Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do; and shall

and may, without specially pleading the same, other than as aforesaid, at any Trial to be had

thereupon, give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, and that the fame was done in pur-

fuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the fame shall appear to have been so done, or if

any such Act ion or Suit shall be brought after the Time herein-before limited for bringing the fame,

or shall be brought or laid in any other County or Liberty than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall

find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants; or if the Plaintiff shall become non-

luit, or forbear Prosecution, or discontinue his, her, or their AdtioA or Actions, Suit or Suits; or if

a Verdict shall pass, or, upon Demurrer, or otherwise, Judgement be given against the Plaintiff or

Plaintiffs; then, or in any of these Cafes, the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants,

shall recover Treble Costs, and have such and the like Remedy for the fame, as where Cods by Law

are awarded.

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, taken,

and allowed, to be a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required

to take Notice thereof as such, witnout specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXI.

An Act for the better lighting and watching the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of

Surrey; and for removing and preventing all ObstrudHons, Encroachments, and Nuisances

therein.

CAP. LXII.

' An Act for better regulating the Assize and making of Bread;

Pieunble. I T J HEREAS, according to the ancient Order and Custom of the Realm, there hath been,

1 from Time immemorial, a Standard Wheaten Bread, made of Flour, being the whole Pro-

Act tx.Geo. II. ^l!ce c^e Wheat whereof it was made: And whereas by an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year

4 of the Reign of George the Second, intituled, An Act for the clue making of Breads and to regulate the

A tt,4 Price and Assize thereof and to punish Persons who fall adulterate Mealy Floury or Bread; and by an

Mil. 1 Act, passed in the Third Year of rhe Reign of His prefenc Majesty, for explaining and amending the

‘ said recited AdE Two Sorts of Bread, made of Wheat only, are allowed to be made for Sale ;

(that is to say), Wheaten and Household; whereby the Flour, being the whole Produce of the

4 Wheat, is lo divided in the making of Bread for Sale, as that this Standard Wheaten Bread, made

4 according to the ancient Order and Custotn of the Realm, could be no longer made for Sale: And

c whereas

