A.D. 177a. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 37. 471

)or Part of them, shall be binding and concluflve to all Intents and Purposei* against all Partiei, Bo-

dies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoever,

XLVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons, summoned as aforesaid to

give Evidence, shall neglect or refuse to appear at such Time or Times, Place or Places, as shall be

appointed in the Warrant or Warrants granted by the said Commissiononers, or the major Part of them ;

or appearing shall refuse ro be sworn or examined by, or give evidence before the said Commissioners or Coramifliwrfr*

the major Part of them; or if any Person, summoned as a Juryman as aforesaid, shall after his Appearance

refuse to be sworn,or being so sworn refuse to give, or not give his Verdict, or in any other Manner wil-

fully neglect his Duty in the Premises, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act* every Per-

son so offending, having no reasonable Excuse to be allowed by the said Co nmissioners, or the major Part

of them, shall, for every such Ostence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five rounds ;

to be levied on the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending, by Warrant or Warrants

under the Hands and Seals of the said acting Commissioners, or the major Part of them, by Distress

and Sale of the Offendeis Goods, rendering the Overplus, (if any), to the Owner thereof, after such.

Penalty and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted.

XL Vll. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury, to be summoned and sworn,. as aforesaid, E*pws«tfthe

shall give a Verdict for more Monies, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any Lands, Tenements, j“J 0W to

or Hereditaments, or for any Damages to be done thereto, than what shall have been offered by or on '

Behalf of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, before the summoning of any such Jury

for such Recompence or Satisfaction, that then all the reasonable and necessary Expences of sum-

moning and maintaining such Jury and the Witnesses, and of taking such Inqutft, shall he paid and

defrayed by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, out of the Monies to arise by virtue,

of this Act; but if any such Verdict shall be given for no greater Sum^or a less Sum thanihall have

been so previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, for

such Recompence or Satisfaction, that then the Expences of Summoning and maintaining such Jury '

and the WitnessVs, to be fetctled by the said Commissioners, r the major Part of them, shall be borne

and defrayed by the Owners of, or Persons interested in, the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments

(b in Question; and the Expences so ascertained shall be deducted and taken.out of the Monies so

assessed and adjudged, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder.of.fuclr Monies shall be deemed

t within the Intent and Meaning, of this Act to be a full Satisfaction for such Lands, Tenements, Here~-

ditament5,. or Damages respectively.

XLVLLL. And be.it further enacted, That upon Payment or legal Tender of such Sum or Sunroof Cdtanrifltenm

Money as shall be agreed upon between the said CommifEoners, or the major Part of them, and the

Party or Parties interested, or of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be assessed by any such Party

or Parties, or to the principal Officer or Officers, Treasurer or Receiver, of any such Bodies Politick, 1

Corporate or Collegiate, or if he, she, or they, cannot be found,or refuse to accept such Money upon

Payment thereof to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Commissioners, for the Use of, and to be paid

upon Demand, without Fee or Reward, to such Party or Parties, Principal Officer or Officers, Treasurer

or Receiver respectively, the said Commissionersvand all Persons employed or authorised by them, or the

major Part of them, shall have full Power and Authority to enter upon die Lands,. Tenenunts, or

Hereditaments^, in respect whereof such Monies were so agreed for or assessed,. and to make uie of

(tich Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the Purposes of this Act; and they shall be, and

are hereby indemnified for so doing; and all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate*,

and Collegiate whatsoever, shall from thenceforth be, to all Intents and Purposes, diverted of all Right,

Title, and Claim, Interestvand Property, to and in the fame.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, ChmrnrflTona*.

r the major Part of them, or such Person or Persons as they, or the major Part of them shall appoint, to enter upon,

without any previous Payment or Tender of Recompence, to enter upon, and take a Survey and Level Sufm

of, and to mark out any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which they the said Commissioners, T*?8 of L>nd,>

or the major Part of them, shall think necessary to be used for any of the Purposes of this Act, doing

thereby as little Damage as may be, and making Satisfaction as soon as conveniently, may be, for

all Damages which (lull be thereby occasioned, in case such Damages exceed the Sum of Five Shil-

lings; and in case such Damages shall not amount to the Sum of Five Shillings, then no Satisfaction

shall be paid or recovered, or sued for on account thereof, in any Court whatsoever.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, or Corporate, at any

Time after the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons employed or authorised by them, shall have &c. to have sal

begun to carry this Act into Execution for making the said Drainage and Navigation, or shall have com- tisftflion fbi.

pitted the fame, shall happen to sustain any Damage or Injury in his> her, or their. Lands, Grounds, D'®*

or Hereditaments, for which they shall have had no Recompence or Satisfaction, through any Neglcdt

or Default of the said Commissioners, or their Agents, Workmen, or Servants, or by reason of any Al-

teration which shall be made by them, or any or either of them, on account of the Works to be made

by virtue of this Ac!, or from any other Cause v then, and in every such Cafe, if the said Commission-

ers, or the major Part of (hem, and the Parties by whom such Damages shall have been sustained, shall

not agree touching such Damages, the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall inquire of

and ascertain such Damages by a Jury, to be impanelled and returned as aforesaid, and give Judgment

for the Party or Parties aggrieved, who shall recover the fame accordingly, in the same Manner and Form

as the Damages and Rccompences are hereby appointed to be addled and adjudged for any Lands, Tene-

mcniSj.

WItntUVi or

Jorymtn nM*f

iB be (Worn,

be Ancd by the

