A.D. 1772'.-

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

C. 67. 573,

poration, at such General Court, or the greater Part of them that shall be present at any such General

Court to be held as afore said, but rrot lets than Seven such Governors* to cleft and choose some other

fit and able Person or Per Tons to be a Governor or Governors of the said hereby-erected Corporation,

in the Room or Place of such of the Persons before mentioned, or to be from Time to Timeefefted’

Governors as aforesaid. as shall happen to depart this Life, or shall refuse to continue and remain, to be

» Governor or Governor;. t Questiam

IX. And be it tiKtn. 1 enacted, That all Questions upon the Proceedings of the said Corporation, at General c®urt,

any General Court or Committee, shall be decided by Vote; and in case of an Equality ot Voices, the or Committee/

President or’Chairman shall h vc the cubing Vote; and upon Demand of any Five Governors of the to be decided by

said Corporation ^resent at such General Court or Committee respectively, the feme shall be determined Vote, unlef*

by Ballot, to be immediately proceeded upon and completed* mand faflor,

and there to bt determined accordingly.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Governors of the said Corporation, at a General Court, or General Coart

the major Part of them present at such General Court, but not less than Seven such Governors, shall impowered to fill

have Power, from Time to Time, and at all Times, to fill up any Vacancy or Vacancies in the Com- jy Vacanciam

mittee, and appoint such other Officers and Persons as they shall think n.xeflary to employ for the Pur- t^Snt^uchOfi.

poses, and in the Execution of this Act, and from Time to Time, to suspend or remove all such Of- faers, &c. a*

ficers and other Persons or any of them, as they shall think fit, and appoint others in case of Death, HullbeneceOary,

or such Suspension or Removal; and may, out of the Monies to be received for the Purposes of this and to remote

Act, make reasonable Allowances to such Officers ind other Persons for their Services: And it shall ^nd toaflow*”*-

and may be lawful to and for the said Committee so to be appointed, or any Five or more of them, at tkem reasonable

any weekly or other Meeting, to suspend or remove any such Officers and other Persons, and to ap- Salaries Com-

point others in case of Death, or such Suspension or Removal, until a General Court shall be held; mittee at their

and the Governors of the said Corporation, at any such General Court, or the major Part of them then

present, but not less than Seven, may confirm such Appointment or Appointments, or may remove j

such Officers or other Persons, and appoint others in their Room, as they (half think fit; and all and to suspend or re-

every such Officers and other Persons Avail, from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said move Officers,

Committee, or any Five or more of them, make and render to the said Committee, or any Five or &c. and appoint-

more of them, a true, exact, and perfect Account in Writing, under their respective Hands, upon

Oath, to be taken before Two or more of the said Committee, (which Oath any Two of the said

Committee are hereby impowered to administer), of all Monies which he, (he,x>r they, and every of

them respectively, shall to that Time have received, paid, and disbursed by virtue of this Act, or by

reason of their respective Offices; and in case any Money so-received shall remain in their or any of

their Hands, the lame shall be paid to the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, or to such

Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and in case any such Officer, or other Per-

son, fh .11 not make and render, or shall refuse to verify, upon Oath, any such Account, or to make-

such Payment as aforesaid, then any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of-

Mhldltsex, or for the City of London, shall and may, upon Complaint to him or them, make Inquiry

of and concerning such Default in a summary Way, (as well by Confession of the Parties themselves, as

by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witness'es upon Oath, which Oath the said

Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer) j and if any such Officer1

or Person (halt he convicted of any such Offence, such Justice or Justices shall, upon such Con-

viftion, commit the Party offending to the Common Gaol of the County of Middlesex, or of the City -

of London, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he or she shall have made a true and

perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he or she shall have compounded and agreed with

the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, and have paid such Composition^money; which

Composition the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, are hereby impowered to make.

Xi. Provided always and it is hereby further enacted and declared. That the Treasurer for the Tretfiirer to«*

Time being of the said Corporation ftlai! not be obliged to account with such Committee, or any of *Ce*

them, but shall give in his Accounts, from Time to Time, when required, at a General Court, there ®er»Court*

to be examined, and allowed or disallowid, and Avail pay over all the Monies remaining in his Hands,

and transfer all the Funds (landing in his Name, as Treasurer aforesaid, to the Treasurer immediately

succeedi; g him, on Demand.

XII. And for the Encouragement of such as shall be Benefactors to the said Charity, be it enacted PeTfonsg^iag '

by the Authority alorftaid, That if any Person shall, at One Payment, pay into the Hands of the 1*

Treasurer of the find Corporation for the Time being, or such Person as shall be deputed for receiving °n*

the fame, the full Sum of Twelve Pounds Twelve Shillings, or shall subscribe and pay the yearly Sum jg^An-

of Two Pounds Two shillings for the Space of Eight Years, for the Ule of the said Corporation, num,toh*ve

every such Person shall be capable of being elected a Governor of the said Corporation. Preference of

being Governor,

XIII. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That every Person and Persons who, in consequence tnd have equal

of such Payment as aforesaid, or in pursuance of any Bye-law hereafter to be made, shall be duly Howcn with

chosen and efted a Governor of the f.;d Corporation, shall, from and after such Election, be, to ail th«fe infcxted In

Intents and Purposes, a Governor of the said Corporation, as fully and cft’cftually as if the Name or1^1

Names of such Pci foil and Persons was or wcie inserted and included in this Act*

XIV. -And.

