A. D

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

Ci 84* 899

1773*

cted, for the receiving of any Toll or Tolls, or upon any Part of the Road within their respective

Jurisdictions, and at such a Distance from any Turnpike-bar or Toll-gate as they respectively shall

think requisite and expedient, to order or cause to be built or erected, a Crane, Machine, or Engine,

proper for the weighing of Carts, Waggons, or Carriages, conveying of any Goods or Merchandise

whatever ; and, by Writing, signed by them, or any five or more of them, to order all and every or f*use

any such Carriage or Carriages, which shall pass loaded through any such Gate or Bar, to be weighed, wJ^hfdatTura».

together with the Loading thereof 5 and for them, or any Five or more of them, or for any Person or pikes or Toll-

Persons impowered by any Five or more of them, to receive and take, over and above thcTolls already gates;

granted, or hereafter to be granted, the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Hundred Weight of One t»kingaos. ad-

hundred and twelve Pounds to the Hundred, which every Waggon or Cart hereafter described, toge- ^tlon*1 To^for

ther with the Loading thereof, shall weigh, over and above the Weights hereafter allowed io each ow7theWcigktt

of them respectively; (that is to say) To every Waggon or Four-wheel Carriage, having the Fellies or allowed.

Rollers of the Wheels of the Breadth of Sixteen Inches, Eight Tons in Summer, and Seven in Win-

ter *, to every Waggon or Wain, having the Axletrees thereof of such different Lengths that the

Distance from Wheel to Wheel of the nearer Pair of the said Wheels be not more than Four Feet

Two Inches, to be measured at the Ground, and that the Distance from Wheel to Wheel of the other

Pair thereof be such, that the Fore and Hind Wheels of such Waggons and Wains shall roll only One-

single Surface or Path of Sixteen Inches wide at the least, on each Side of the said Waggons’or

Wains, and having the Fellies thereof of the Breadth of Nine Inches from Side to Side.at the Bottom

or Sole thereof. Six Tons Ten Hundred in Summer, and Six Tons in Winter ; to every Waggon or

Four-wheeled Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of

Nine Inches, Six Tons in Summer, and Five Tons Ten Hundred in Winter ; to every Cart, having

the Fellies of the fame Dimensions, Three Tons in Summer, and Two Tons Fifteen Hundred in Win~

ter; to every Waggon, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six

Inches, Four Tons Five Hundred in Summer, and Three Tons Fifteen Hundred in Winter ; and to*

every such Waggon so construded as to roll and actually rolling a Surface of Eleven Inches, by the

Wnecls thereof. Five Tons Ten Hundred in Summer, and Five Tons in Winter ; to every Cart having

Fellies of the Wheels of the fame Dimensions, Two Tons Twelve Hundred in Summer, and Two-

Tons Seven hundred in Winter ; to every Waggon, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the

Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, Three Tons Ten Hundred in Summer, and Three Tons in

Winter; and to every Cart, having the Fellies of the Wheels of the fame Dimensions, One Ton Ten

Hundred in Summer, and One Ton Seven Hundred in Winter ; and that for the several Purposes

aforesaid, it shall be deemed Summer from the First Day of May to the Thirty-first Day of Ottobery

both Days inclusive, and Winter from the First Day of November to the Thirtieth Day or Aprils both

Days inclusive : Which said additional Toll or Duty, hereby granted and made payable, shall and Additional Toiv

may be levied and recovered upon any Person liable thereto, in any of the Cafes aforesaid, or his or her to be recovered

Goods or Chattels, who shall, after Demand made thereof, refuse or neglect to pay the fame, in such w oth.r Toll* j.

Manner as any other Toll or Duty, payable at the fame Turnpike-gate or Bar, is or shall be by Law

to be levied and recovered ; and the Money arising from such additional Duty shall be applied to the aPP1Ied in

Repair of the Turnpike Road where the fame shall be collected. r'Ii* of the

II- And be it further enacted, That the Keeper of every such Toll-gate or Bar, where any such Duty of Toll-

Weighing Engine shall be erected, or any other Person appointed, or to be appointed by the said ptcfccpcia,.

Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to the Care of such Weighing Engine, shall, and is hereby re-

quired to weign all fuclr Waggons and Carts liable to be weighed by virtue of this Act, which shall

pass loaded through such Gates or Bars respectively, and which he shall have reason to believe carry

greater Weights than are allowed to pass without paying the said additional Toll: And if any Gater Forfeiture* for

keeper, or Person so appointed, shall permit any such Waggon or Cart to pass through any such Toll- every offence nc

gate with greater Weights than are hereby allowed, without weighing the fame, and receiving such

additional Tolls, as aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

III. And, in order to detect the said Collector or Receiver in any fraudulent Connivance or Neglect Trustees,ftc.

of Duty in the Matters aforesaid, be it fu: ther enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for any c.ufeCar*

Trustee, Creditor, Clerk, Treasurer, or Surveyor, of such Turnpike Road, if he shall susped any such

Connivance or Neglect, as aforesaid, to cause any Carriage, liable to be weighed by virtue of this Act', to detect Cooooi.

which shall hav.* passed through any Toll-gare where inch Weighing Engine shall be erected, and vanceof CoU

shall not have passed above Three hundred Yards beyond such Toll-gate, to return to such WeighingleSor*.

Engine, and be there weighed with the Loading which passed through such Gate, in the Pre-

fence of such Trustee, Creditor, Cl^fk, Treasurer, or Surveyor, upon requiring the Driver thereof

to drive such Carriage back to such Weighing Engine, and upon paying or tendering to him the Sum*

of One Shilling foi so doing \ which Sum of One Shilling shall be returned to the Person paying,

the fame, if upon weighing such Carriage and Loading, the fame shall be found above the Weight

hereby allowed. _____

IV. And, for the better enforcing the Authority of this Act, the Surveyors shall, and are hereby 3unwyont«r*

authorized arid required to make convenient Places foi turning such Carriages upon every such Turn- for'nlrn-

pike Road, where such Weighing Engine Hull be erected, witnir. Tiuee hundred Yards of such Ttfll- j0g Carries,

gate, on c-eh Side thereof, if the Ground will admit of the fame; and there shall be a Li it of the where Wcghinf:

Names of all the Trustees and Creditors* and also of the Clerk. Treafiirer. and Surveyor, of such Eug oe* may be.

Turn-*"*•

