322

Confirmation

nuy be abridged

by i^liament.

I^rcawMe, A& 7<

Cm. HI.

C. 2—7. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.*

Miller, and who was possessed of, and worked any Mill or Mills for grinding of Wheat, on or

before the First Day of 0&obery One thousand (even hundred and seventy-one, for or upon Account

of any Quantity of Wheat or Wheat Flour which shall at any Time, during the Continuance of this

Act, be Found in any such Mill or Mills; any Thing therein contained to the Contrary notwith-

standing.

IV. Provided nevertheless, That the said Continuation may be abridged or shortened, and the said Act,

or any Part thereof, may be altered and varied, by any other Act or Acts to be made in this present

Session of Parliament,

CAP. II.

An Act to continue for a farther Time an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign,

intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter from Ireland^ for

a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from

the British Dominions in America> for a limited Time, till First of March, One thousand seven hun-

dred and seventy-three.

CAP. III.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tart, to be raised in Great Britain, for the

Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy*two.

CAP. IV.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their

Quarters.

CAP. V.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore.

CAP. VI.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and

Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

CAP. VII.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present

Majesty, intituled, An A£i for taking off the Inland Duty of One Shilling per Pound Weight

upon all Black and Singlo Teas consumed in Great Britain; and for granting a Drawback upon

the Exportation of Yeas to Ireland, and the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time,

upon such Indemnification to be made in respect thereof by the East India Company, as is therein

mentioned, for permitting the Exportation of Teas in finaller Quantities than One Lot to Ire-

land, or the said Dominions in America; and for preventing Teas seized and condemned from

being consumed in Great Britain *, and for settling certain Doubts and Disputes which have

arisen upon the said Act of Parliament.

,c TI7HEREA S by an Act of Parliament'made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, inti-

tuled, An Act for taking off the Inland Duty of One Shilling per Pound Weight upon ati Black and

4 Singlo Teas consumed in Great Britain; and for granting a Drawback upon the Exportation of Teas to Ireland

4 ana the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time, upon fuen Indemnification to be made in respect

4 theref by the East India Company, as is therein mentioned, for permitting the Exportation of Teas in Jmal-

4 ler Quantities than One Lot to Ireland, or the said Dominions in America; and for preventing Teasfeixei

and condemnedfrom being consumed in Great Britain; amongst other Things reciting. That the taking off

the Inland Duty of One ShillingPound Weight, then payable as therein is mentioned, upon Black

and Singlo Teas, and the allowing, upon the Exportation of all Teas which shall be exported to Ire-

4 land and his Majesty’s Plantations in America, the whole of the Duty paid upon the Importation there-

4 of into this Kingdom, appear to be themost probable and expedient Means of extending the Consump-

4 tion of Teas legally imported within this Kingdom, and of increasing the Exportation of Teas to Ire-

4 land) and to His Majesty’s Plantations in America, which are now chiefly furnished by Foreigners in a

4 Course of illicit Trade; and further reciting. That the United Company of Merchants of England tra-

4 ding to the East Indies, are willing and desirous to indemnify the Publick in such Manner as is therein

4 after provided, with respect to any Diminution of the Revenue which should or might happen from this

4 Experiment, it is amongst other Things enacted, That for and during the Space of Five Years, to be

4 computed from the Fifth Day of One thousand seven hundred and (ixty-seven, the said Inland

4 Duty of One Shilling per Pound Weight upon Teas feall not be paid for or in respect of any Bohea,

3 4 Congo,

