A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

C. 14. 341

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Persons who are hereby required to appear be- Person« to app«r

fore the said Commissioners, at their said annual or adjourned Meetings at Great Yarmouth aforesaid,

shall refuse or wilfully neglect to attend at any such Meeting, or shall then and there refuse to render ^'‘ir Accounts

such Account, or to answer upon Oath to all such lawful Questions as shall be put to them by the said before the Com-

Commissioners, or any of them, touching the Receipt or Expenditure of any of the Monies mentioned missioner*, or be

or charged in such Accounts; then, and in any of the said Cafes, it shall and may be lawful to committed,

and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven of them, (Five being Commissioners for the Counties

of Norfolk and Suffolk, and the City of Norwich), by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to com-

mit the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to the Common Gaol of the said Borough of Great

Yarmouth, there to remain until he or they shall submit to render such Account, and be so examined

upon Oath ns aforesaid.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners for the Coun- Crnimissioner*

ties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and the City of Norwich, or any Five of them, shall not meet yearly as afore- «*»lccting to at-

said, in order to inspect, examine, and audit the Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of the fe- ycJr*

vcral Sums by this Act granted and made payable; then, in every such Year in which they shall not so to*

meet and inspect, examine, and audit the li,id Accounts as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and examine the Ac

for the Mayor, AUcrmen, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough of Great Yarmouth aforesaid, in counts.

Common Council assembled, to inspect, examine, and audit the said Accounts, in the same Manner as

the said Commiifloneis are herein before impowered, to inspect, examine, and audit the fame.

‘XXIII. And whereas several Sums of Money raised in pursuance of the said Act made in the Twenty- Acc0'*nt* UP

4 third Year of His late Majesty’s Reign, will, at the Commencement of this Act, remain unaccounted

1 forbe it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners to be appointed to put conunimonen.

this Act in Execution, or any Seven of them, (Five being Commissioners for the Counties of Norfolk and

Suffolk, and the City of Norwich) shall and may, at their First Meeting, to be held at Great Yarmouth as

aforesaid, inspect, examine, and audit, the Accounts of the Receipt anaExpenditure of the said respective

Sums: which Accounts shall be made up to the said Twenty-fifth Day of Marchy One thousand seven

hundred and seventy-two; and the said Commissioners also shall and may, at such their First Meeting,

execute all other the Powers and Authorities of the said Act made in the Twenty-third Year of Pus.

late Majesty’s Reign, relating to the said Sums, and every of them, and to all Persons concerned in the

Collection, Receipt, and Expenditure thereof, as fully and effectually as the Commissioners appointed,

or to be appointed, in pursuance of the said last-mentioned Act, could or might have done during the

Continuance of the said Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and

for the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the said Borough of Great larmouthy in Com- *c# f< cef*'

mon Council assembled, from Time to Time, and as often as they shall think fit, to remove or displace

any Collector, Receiver, Officer, Overseer, Workman, or Labourer, who shall be by them employed in

the Receipt or Collection of any of the Monies to be collected and levied by virtue of this Act, or in

any Work or Employment in or about the said Haven, Piers, and 'Jettee or Channel of Rraydon afore-

said, and, from Time to Time, to dispose of, order, and direct, the Payment of such Sum or Sums of

Money as they shall contract or agree for, for Materials, Workmen’s Wages, or otherwise, for clearing

and depthening the said Haven or Channel of Braydony and for repairing and maintaining the said Piers

and Jettee; and also to inspect and take Accounts of the Receipts and Distmrfements of all such Monies

as shall be by them applied and disposed of in clearing and depthening the said Haven or Channel of jnfpea the Ac-

Braydon, and in repairing and maintaining the said Piers and Jettee; and to summon before them all counts of Re-

Persons who shall he by them employed in or intruded with the Receipt or Expenditure of the Monies ceipt and Ex-

to be collected and levied for the rurposes aforesaid; which Persons are hereby required to render to the p^'u* of

said Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, or to such Person or Persons as they shall direct toMone*

inspect and take such Accounts, a true and perfect Account of all Monies so by theni received and

disbursed for the Purposes aforesaid: And in case they, or any of them, shall be found in Arrear, or rc- and enforcc the

fuse to acount as aforesaiJ, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor, or Deputy Payment of ail

Mayor, of the said Borough for the Time being respectively, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to Money in Ar-

levy, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so refusing to account

as aforesaid, or to pay the Money due upon the Balance of his or their Account, such Sum and Sums

of Money as he or they shall be so charged with, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Person or Per-

fons upon whom such Distress shall be made; and, for want of sufficient Distress, it shall and may be

lawful to and for the said Mayor,or Deputy Mayor, respectively, by like Warrant under his Hand and

Seal, to commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol of the said Borough of Great Yarmouth,

until he or they shall account for and pay, or secure to be paid, such Sum or Sums of Money as he or

they shall be so respectively charged with.

XXV. Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, Mayor, arc. n*t

to impower the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the said Borough of Great Yar- to em«*e any

mouthy to remove or displace any Olficer, Ovcrfter, Workman, Labourer, or other Person, who shall

be employed by the said Commissioners, or by any other Persons with whom they shall contract for the raised.

Performance of any Works by them directed to be done in pursuance of this Act, during such Time

only as <hc said Duty of Twopence shall be raised.

4 XXVI. And, in order the better to cotleft the said Duties/ be it further ennfted by the Authority Colleton may

afoicfai,*, That it shal! and may be lawful to and for the said Collector and Collectors, Receiver and

Receivers, for the Time being, at all feasonable and convenient Times, to enter into any Ship or Vtf- COlCtt uuc>i

3 (cl

