2 8 C.

*8

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1771.

Si if s of jfio

Ton' !’u ?;jcn

ho,v ro be lur-

Diflu4.

On Return of

such .Si»■ p, OlH-

rers oi t f c

Culicmr t ; in*

tpeSi her Condi

IiCo and LaJing

Bounty on Vef»

ft I* 4v s. per

Ton, from Dec.

25, I77«>to

Dec. 2 1776*

From Dec. 25,

1776, to Dec.

% 1781. 30 s.

per Ton.

From Dec. 2g»

1:8 r, to Dec.

25, t 8f, aoi.

per To 1.

No lYi Ion to

receive Bounty

•jn’c'f the Ship

it ', ‘icm ti e

I t where in-

fpcwtic.

o Jt Kir ie t: e

pifrnu hereof,

innUeo to the

Foo-r.ty of 40 s.

per 'For-

given as aforesaid, to give and grant, and they are hereby required to give and grant, to the Matter and

Owners of such Ship, lull Licence and Authority to proceed on such Voyage as aforesaid.

4 IV. And to prevent any Disputes that may arise, whether a Ship be properly qualified, and duly fitted

* out for the Wh ile Fiftierv, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ac!, and intitled to a Certifi-

4 cate thereof from the Custom-house Otticers,* It is hereby enacted. That every Ship of the Burthen of

two hundred Tons, dcTigned for this Fishery, shall, and is hereby obliged to have on board forty Fitting

Lines, of one hundred and twenty Fathom each, forty Harpoon Irons, four Boats, with seven Men (in-

eluding a Harpooner, a Steerfman, and a Line-manager, to each Boat, making in the Whole twenty-eight

Men, Settles the Mailer and Surgeon) with six Months Provisions, at the lean, for such Number of Men;

and every Ship of larger Burthen an Increase of fix Men, one Boat, ten such Lines, and ten Harpoon Irons

more, for every fifty T ons above the said two hundred Tons, together with Provisions in Proportion ; and

every Ship, which shall be so employed in the said Fishery, shall have on board an Apprentice, indentu:ed

for the Space of three Years at the leatt, for every fifty Tons Burthen, who shall be accounted as one of

the Number of Men required to be on board such Ship as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Return of such Ship to the Port to

which the Matter and Mate declared, on Oath, their Intention to return, the proper Officers of the

Customs, at such Port, shall immediately repair on board, and view the Condition of such Ship and her

Lading, and certify the fame, together with their Observations thereon, as also the real Tonnage of the

said Ship ; and the said Officers are also to take an Account or Schedule of the Names of the Matter, Mate,

and other Persons on board, distinguishing therein the Harpooners and Persons more immediately employed

in the said Fishery, and to certify the fame; and the Matter and Mate shall make Oath before the Collect-

for and Comptroller (who are hereby impowered and required to administer the fame) on the Back of, or

annexed to the Licence granted as aforesaid, which they are hereby then required to deliver up, that they

did, in pursuance thereof, (mentioning the Day of their Departure) proceed in a Voyage directly to the

Places aforesaid, and have not since been on any other Voyage, or pursued any other Dettgn, or View of

Profit; and that they did there (mentioning the Time of their Stay in those Seas) use their utmost Endea*

your of themselves, and their Ship’s Company, to take Whales, and other Creatures living in those Seas ;

and that all the Whale Fins, Oil, and Blubber, imported (if any) in such Ship, was really and bona fide

caught and taken in the said Seas, by the Crew of such Ship only, or with the Aifittance of the Crew

of some other BritiJ).') Ship licensed for that Voyage, pursuant to the Directions of this Act; all which

Schedule, Certificate, Licence, and Oath, shall be transmitted by the Collector and Comptroller of

such Port, to the respeClive Commissioners for that Part of Great Britain from whence the Ship departed

with her Licence; and such Commissioners being fully satisfied of the faithful Dealings of the Matter, and

other Persons employed in such Ships, with respcCt to such Voyage and Fishery, shall, on Demand, cause

Payment to be made to the Matter or Owners, or to his or their Attigns, by the Receiver-general of the

Customs for that Part of Great Britain from whence the Ship departed, the Bounty or Premium following,

according to the Admeasurement of such Ship duly certified as aforesaid ; (that is to say) For every such

Ship as shall proceed on the said Fishery, from the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hun-

dred and seventy-one, to the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six,

the Sum of forty Shillings per Ton ; and for every such Ship, as shall proceed on the said Fishery, from the

twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, to the twenty-fifth Day of De-

cember^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, the Sum of thirty Shillings per Ton; and for every

such Ship as shall proceed on the said Fishery from the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven

hundred and eighty-one, to the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty -fix,

the Sum of twenty Shillings per Ton.

VI. Provided al ways, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Per-

fons shall be allowed or intitled to receive the Bounty herein before granted, for any Ship which shall pro-

ceed upon the Lid Whale Fishery, from any Part of Great Britain, after the twenty-fifth Day of December,

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, unless such Ship shall fail from the Port where she shall be

surveyed and cleared directly on her intended Fishery, on or before the tenth Day of April in each and

every Year, and shall continue with her Crew in the Greenland Seas, or Davis's Streigkts, or the adjacent

S« as, diligently endeavouring to catch Whales, or other Creatures living in those Seas, and shall not depart

'torn thence before the tenth Day of Augnfl then following, unless such Ship shall be laden with the Blub-

ber and Fins of one Whale, caught by the Crew thereof, or with the Assistance of the Crew' of some other

licensed Ship, before that Time; or shall be forced, by fume unavoidable Accident or Neccttity, to depart

sooner from those Seas; which Accident or Necelfity shall be verified on the Oaths of the Matter and Mate

belonging to such Slap, upon her Return from the said Fishery, before the Collector and Comptroller of

the Cullomsat the Port where she shall arrive, whottnli transmit the fame, together with the Schedule, Li-

o nce, and other Documents by this Ac! tequired, to the lespective Commissioners of the Customs for that

Part of Great Britain from whence such Ship departed with her Licence.

4 VII. And whereas the Dispatch of Ships on the Whale Fishery to the Greenland Seas, Davis's Streights,

and Seas adjacent, mutt of Necelfity be within the Months of March or April; and some British Ships,

for the Sake of keening the Men that have been taught the Art of the said Fittiing in Employ, and to pre-

vent their going into foreign Service, may have been fitted out from the River of Thames, or other Parts

of his Majesty’s British Dominions, and proceeded on the said Whale Fishery to the Greenland Seas, or

Davis's StreightSy and Seas adjacent, since the Commencement of this Session of Parliament, and before

the Commencement of this Act, and it will be but just and reasonable that the Bounties intended to be

given oa the Return of the Ships hereafter to be fitted out on such Voyage, should b« given also to the

4 Owners

