A.D. 1772.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

C. 68. 601

CXXIV. Provided always. That no Person who shall be committed on account of his having no Offender* not u

Goods and Chattels, shall oe detained in Prison for any Term longer than Six Calendar Months. tonprUunSix

CXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That Four Times at least in every Year an Ac-CoiieaoVi to ac-

count from the Book or Books, to be kept by the Collector or Collectors of the said respective Rates,count Four

Duties, Sum and Sams of Money, so assessed by the said Commissioners, shall be fairly stated and signedTimM*Ywr*

by the said Collector or Collectors, and delivered by him or them to such Commissioners as aforesaid

who are hereby impowered to discharge the said Collector or Collectors of all Monies which he or they

shall have truly accounted for.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if $ny Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, De*th or

Officers, or other Persons, shall happen to die, or become Bankrupt, before he or they shall have fully

paid and satisfied all the Monies by him or them received by virtue of this Act; then, and in every such

Cafe, the Executors, Administrators, or other legal Representative or Representatives, or Person or to pay the Mo-

Persons pofleffingthe Estate and Effects of every such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, niei remaining«

Officer or Officers, or other Person, or the Assignee or Assignees of such Bankrupt, shall, out of such Hand to the

Estate and Effects, pay unto the Treasurer or 7'reafurers for the Time being to the said Commissioners,Trc“urcr#

previous to the paying any other Debts or Sums of Money, all such Sums of Money as should be in

the Hands of such Persons respectively, at the Time of his or their Death, or at the Time of suing out

any Commission of Bankruptcy against him or them, and not paid over, or so much thereof as the said

Estate will extend to pay } and the Receipt or Receipts of the said Treasurer or Treasurers

shall be a good Discharge for the said Money ; and every Executor or Administrator, Assignee or Affig- Whafc Receipt

Bees, or other Persons as aforesaid, may, to any Action or Suit commenced or brought against him, her,

or them, plead or give in Evidence the Authority of this Act for such Payment, and shall be allowed

the fame prior to any Debt or Demand whatsoever; and in case of Nonpayment of the fame by the be*

Space of One Year after the fame shall have been demanded, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners, cwmcaced.

and they are hereby directed and required, to commence One or more Action or Actions, in any of His

Majesty’s Courts of Record at IV'jlnrinJier, against such Executors, Administrators, Assignee or Assignees,

or other Persons, as aforesaid, for the Recovery of the fame \ in which Action, no Eflbin, Protection,

or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

CXXVIL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer or Treasurers to TWorer to pty

the said Commissioners as aforesaid, for the Time being, shall and may, and is and are hereby autho- Monies draw*

rifed and required, out of the Monies paid to him or them in purfuaoce of this Act, to pay all Suras of0*011*®*

Money drawn upon him or them, or ordered to be paid by such Commissioners for the respective Pur-

poses under their Direction by virtue of this Act 5 and the said Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time™* kXpaTe-|m

being shall, and is and are hereby required to keep regular and fair Entries in a Book or Books, to be by

him or them for that Purpose provided, of all and Angular the Receipts and Payments which he or they

shall make as aforesaid, and shall keep the Accounts of the Monies received and paid for or in respect

of each respective Rate, separate and distinct from each other j and also that the Treasurer or Trea-

furers for the Time being shall have the said Accounts audited and passed by the said Commissioners,

who arc hereby impowered and required to audit and pass the fame Half-yearly, if they approve

thereof.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Actions Commissioner*

shall be brought by, or by Order of such Commissioners, against any Person or Persons whatsoever, for 1 Vcr-

the Recovery of any Money or Monies payable by virtue of this Act, or for any Materials, Matters,

and Things, fold and delivered by them, or either of them, their, any or either of their Officers, by '

their, or either of their Order, or for the Recovery of any Rate or Rates, or any other Purpose what-

soever, and a Verdict shall be had and given against any such Person or Persons against whom such

Action orActions shall be brought, such Person or Persons shall pay Double Costs $ and the said Com-

missioners, in such Action or Actions, shall have such Remedy or Remedies for recovering the fame,

as any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs may have for his, her, or their Cous, in any other Cafes by Law.

CXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures Peatldei and

by this Act imposed, either for the Purposes of the Poor, or touching the Matters under the Di rest ion Forfeiture* how

of the Commissioners appointed by this Act, (the Manner of leving and recovering whereof is nottokc rec?Terc*

hereby otherwise particularly directed), shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods * *ppUe4#

and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of

Middlesex, which Warrant such Justice is hereby impowered and required to grant, upon the Confef-

fion of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses

upon Oath, and the Informer is hereby rendered a competent Witness; and the Penalties and Forfei- |il<w0ltr

tures, when recovered, after tendering the Overplus (if any be} upon Demand, to the Party or Partiesacom^cemtW|t.

whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained, ana the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first

deducted, shall be paid to the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor, or to the Treasurer or Treasurers to

the said Commissioners for the Time being, according to the Nature of such respective Penalties and

Forfeitures, and shall be applied to and for the Purposes for promoting whereof such Penalties and For-

feitures are respectively inflicted or given by this Act.

CXXX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That it shall be lawful for the said Commiflumen

Veftrymcn or Commissioners respectively, at any Meeting to be held in Pursuance of this Act, to order reward la-

the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor, or the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Commissioners, for thefornKr%

Vox. XL 4 H Time

