A.D. 1772. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 60. 545

VIII. Provided always, *nd it is hereby farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Bounty

shall be allowed or paid by virtue of this Act for any Cordage, which shall be exported, or. entered

for Exportation, to any Part of Acts, Africa, or America, the Isle of Alan, or the Islands of Faro or Afric*, AmeHcv

Ferre; and that, in (lead of the Oath required by the before-recited Act to be made by the Exporter or thclflcvf

or Manufacturer of such Cordage, on the Entry or Debenture, such Exporter or Manufacturer shall*1*

swear, that the said Cordage is of British Manufacture, and made from Hemp imported from foreign

Parts, or from Hemp of the Growth of Great Britain, and not from Hemp of the Growth or Produce

of the British Colonies or Plantations in America; and that the fame is really and truly exported, or

intended to be exported to, and landed in some foreign Part of Europe, as expreii’ed in the Entry, byWay

of Merchandise, and not for the Use of the Ship in her Voyage nor relanded, or intended to be re-

landed, in any Part of Great Britain, or landed, or intended to be landed, in Asia, Africa, or America,

the Jjl; of Man, or the Islands of Faro or Ferro.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, That, in all other respects, the several regulations, Restric-

tions, Securities, Penalties, nnd Forfeitures, mentioned and prescribed in and by the said recited Act, aQ6Gco. ill.

shall extend and be applied to Cordage exported in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to to extend to

all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses relative thereto had been repeated and again enacted in Cordage expo* re 1

this prefene Act. in i>u^inceof

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the pading of this Act, Lib’erty

the like Liberty which is granted by an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Ma* importing Rioe

jesty, (intituled, An Act for trove el ft dually securing and encouraging the Trade of His Majesty s American from Am^nc^bf

Dominions; fir repealing the Inland Duty on Coffee imposed by an Ail made in the Thirty-second Year of His A& 5 Geo. 11L

late Majesty K'ig George the Second, and for granting an Inland Duty on all Coffee imported, (except Coffee c* 45*

of the Growth of the lJiitifti Dominions in America);for altering the Bounties and D aw backs upon Sugars

exported; for repealing Part of an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of His said late Majesty, whereby Bar

Iron, made in the said Dominions, was prohibited to be exported from Great Britain, or carried Co ajlwife ,

and for regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs in the said Dominions), to import Ri.e from any

of the British Plantations in America into the Port of Plymouth, and several other Ports of this Kingdom

in the said Act mentioned, for immediate Exportation into foreign Parts, upon Payment of One

Half of the old Subsidy, shall be extended to the Ports of BrifloL Liverpoole, Lancaster, and Whitehaven BViftet^Liver-

unaer the same Rules, Regulations, and Rcstrictions, in all Respects, as are prescribed and directed by p^ie/uncafor,

the said recited Act, with respect to Rice so imported into the several Ports in the said Act particularly aadWhitehaven!

jmentioned.

4 XI. And whereas by an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, (in- o»th requiredfcy

4 tituled, An Adfr better securing the Duties of Customs upon certain Goods removedfrom the Out-ports, and ^ 9 Geo. Ill*

4 other Places? to London; for regulating the Fees of the Officers of his Majestys Custo/ns in the Province of Se- c. 41.

4 negambia in Africa; for allowing to the Receivers-general of the Duties on Offices and Employments in Scot-

4 land a proper Compensation for their Trouble and hxpences\for the better Prejervation of Hollies, Thor ns, and

4 Shdchjeis, in Forests, Chaers, and private Grounds, and off Trees and Underwoods in Forests and Chaces5 and

4 for authorising the Exportation of a limited Quantity of an inferior Sort of Barley called Bigg from the Port

4 of Kirkwall, in the Islands of Orkney )* it is (amongst other Things) enacted, That if any foreign

4 cad, or Straw, Chip, Cane, or Horse-hair Hats or Bonnets, foreign Platting, or other foreign Manu-

4 facture of Bast, Straw, Chip,’Cane, or Horse-hair, proper for making of Hats or Bonnets, Succus Li-

4 ouorit'uz, commonly called Spanish Juice, of foreign Produce or Manufacture, foreign Snuff, Nanquin

.4 Cloth, Muftin, foreign Callico, foreign Dimity, or China Earthen-ware, exceeding the Quantities

4 therein respectively mentioned, (hull have been imported or seised within the Port of London, and sent

4 from thence to any Out-port For Sale, such Goods shall not be removed to any Out-port into the Port

4 of London, or the Members thereof, or to any Place whatsoever within the Distance of Twenty

4 Miles from the Royal Exchange of London, without a Certificate from the Collector, or other pro-

4 per Officer of His Majesty’s Customs, at or nearest to the Port or Place from whence such Goods

4 are intended to be removed, certifying that the Owner or Proprietor of such Goods hath made

4 Gath before him that the said Goods, and every Part thereof, had been sent to such Owner

4 or Proprietor from London for Sale, in the lawful Way of Trade, referring to the Time when,

4 with the Name and Residence of the Person from whom such Goods were sent, and that such Owner

4 or Proprietor -verily believed the Duties payable upon the Importation of such Goods had been

4 duly paid and satished, or that the said Goods had been before compounded for or condemned; and

that the said Certificate shall express the Quantity and Quality of the said Goods with the Marks

. 4 of the Package thereof, to what Places, and to whom the fame are consigned, and by what Car-

4 riage the (hme are intended to be removed; and if the said Goods are removed by Land, the said Cer-

4 tificate shall also express and limit the Time for which the fame shall continue in Force: And whereas ,

4 such Goods are frequently sent from London for Sale to several Inland Parts of this Kingdom, very

,4 distant and remote from any Out-port or Place where any Collector, or other Officer of the Customs

4 is refideitt, and the Proprietors of such Goods cannot, without great Incortvenience and Expence,

4 make the Proof, and obtain the Certificate required by the said recited Act upon the Return of such

4 Goods: Now, for Remedy thereof,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after

the Fifth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, if any of the said Goods, ex-

ceeding the Quantities in the be fore-recited Act mentioned, which shall have been imported or seised

wirhin the Port of London, and sent from thence into the Country for Sale, shall be afterwards removed

by Land from any Place in this Kingdom, which shall exceed the Distance of Five Miles from any.

Vol.XL 4 A Port

t^.000 ie

