66o C. 5, 6, 7. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

c amend the said first-mentioned A3, and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon,

and Butter, from the British Dominions in America* for a limited Time: And whereas by Four

4 Acts, made in the Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh, and Twelfth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty,

mnd the said last mentioned A3 was continued until the First Day of March* One thousand seven hun-

W* 0 4 dred and seventy-three: And whereas it is expedient that the Importation of the said Goods and

Commodities should be allowed for a longer Time; may it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may

4 be enacted;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Confenc of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same. That the said A3, made in the Eighth Year of His* present Majesty's

Reign, (intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act* made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of HU present

. Majesty* intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef Pork, Bacon* and Butter*from Ireland, for a li~

^nUMarch mite^ Time* and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef '* Pork* Bacon* and Butter* from the British

u l7y^ Dominions in America, for a limited Time*) shall continue and be in full Force and £ffe3,'until the

First Day of March* Oae thousand seven hundred and seventy-four.

CAP. V.

An Act to continue, for a further Time, an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present

Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time* the Duties payable

upon the Importation of Tallow* Hogs-lard, and Grease * and to permit the Importation of

Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, Hams, and Cheese, into this Kingdom, from any Part of

Europe* for a limited Time, free of Duty,

Preamble. c TTTH E RE AS an Act of Parliament passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present

Act 7. Geo. IIL c y y Majesty, intituled, An Act to discontinue* for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Impor-

Aa ioCeo. III.4 tat ion of Tallow* Hogs-lard* and Grease: And whereas an Act was made in the Tenth Year of His

4 present Majesty’s Reign, to continue the said A3 until the Twenty-fifth Day of March* One thou-

4 sand seven hundred and seventy-three: And whereas the allowing the Importation of Tallow, Hogs-

4 lard, and Grease, for a further Time, may be of great Advantage: May it therefore please Your

Majesty, that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-

liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said A3 of the Seventh Year of His

present Majesty’s Reign, and all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Allowances,

further condo*- Matters, and Things therein contained, shall be further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until

until March the Twenty-fifth Day of March* One thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, as fully and cfte3ually,

*776* to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were inserted and re-ena3ed in the Body of this pre«

sent A3.

After the passing IL And whereas the free Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, Hams, and Chccfe, from any

hereof. Salted 5 4 Part of Europe* for a limited Ti ne, may be of great Advantage be it enacted, That, from and after

Beef, Pork, Ba-the pa fling of this A3, the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, Hams, and Cheese, from any

con. Hams, and part of Europe into Great Britain* be admitted free of Duty, until the First Day of January, One thou-

Pmof Euro*ny^an^ ^cvcn hundred and seventy-four; and that all the Clauses, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures,

/hall be admUitd Allowances, Matters, and Things, contained in the said A3 of the Seventh Year of His present Ma-

Duty free till jesty’s Reign, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon,

Jauuaryi, 1774. Hams, and Cheese.

c a p. vr.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry,

for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

CAP. VII.

An Act for allowing the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom, from any of His

Majesty’s Colonies in America* for a limited Time-, and for encouraging the making of

Starch from Rice.

Picarr.Me. « tlTHEREAS the allowing the free Importation of Rice, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies

*n America into Great Britain for a limited Time, is, and will be, of great Advantage, and may

may* be imported4 a Means of encouraging the making of Starch from Rice: May it therefore please Your Majesty

into Britjm that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

1 om America,at Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

any Time beroie*4lftembled, and by the Authority of the same* That from and after the passing of this A3, it shall and

llrs.1’ ,?Sm* may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into Great Britain, from any of His Majesty’s Co-

or OuTvi a>ment^on*cs *n America, at any Time or Times before the First Day of May* One thousand seven hundred

and eighty, an/ Rice, without the Payment of any SubliJy, Custon, Duty, or Imposition whatsoever ;

any Tning in any former A3 or A3$ of Parliament to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwith-

Handing.

