A.D. 1772* Anno duodecimo Georgi 1 III. C. 36. 45^

the Consecration of the said Church or CHApel ; and the Money so to be paid shall be allowed to such

Churchwardens in their Accounts.

XL And be it further enacted, That if Default shall be made in Payment of the said yearly Sum of Minister’iRe-

Seventy Pounds, or any Part thereof, to the said Minister or Chaplain for the Time oeing, by the me^Tor^ccovc,f

Space of Thirty Days next after any of the Days of Payment whereon the fame ought to be paid, rhen#t tuiSlhr3r'

it shall and may be lawful so and for such Minister or Chaplain, and their respective Executors

and Administrators, to sue for and recover the fame, with full Costs of Suit, against such Churchwar-

dens for the Time being, by Action of Debt, or upon the Cafe, for so much Money had and received to

their Use, or for Work and Labour, in the Court of Common Pleas to be held for the said County Pa-

latine of Lancaster, or in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the said Borough

Court of Liverpoole, wherein respectively* no Eflbin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more

than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Arrears of the said yearly Sum of Seventy Not

Pounds to be had and recovered against any succeeding Churchwardens, which shall have accrued in '*

the Time of any of their Predeceliors, shall exceed in the whole One Half-yearly Payment of the said from folding

?early Sum ; and that every Action for the Recovery thereof be made and commenced against such Churchwirdeni.

ucceeding Churchwardens, within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after their first entering

upon and being sworn into the Office of Churchwarden.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Minister or Chap- M!n'

lain for the Time being of the said intended Church or Chapel, to nominate and appoint such Per-SelSon anA

fons as he shall think fit, to officiate as Clerk, Sexton, and Verger, in the said Church or Chapel,‘VciKr!

and also, from Time to Time, to displace and remove such Clerk, Sexton^ and Verger respectively,

upon just and reasonable Cause ; the Wages or Stipends of such Clerk, Sexton, and Verger to be fixed

and ascertained according to the Direction of the said Thomas Dobb, Richard Dobb, ana Henry Norths

and their Heirs and Assigns, who shall and may, from Time to Time, use the like Methods for the

Recovery of their -respective Wages as are herein before given to the Minister or Chaplain of the

said intended Church, for the Recovery of his Maintenance or Salary.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Surplusage Money, arising by and from the Rents AppUcatidii

of the said Pews or Seats, shall remain after payment and Distmrfement of the several Salaries orSurpjni of

Sums henein-before directed to be issued and paid thereout unto or for the Minister, Clerk, Sexton. Reau*

and Verger, and other Officers and Assistants as aforesaid, and for the Repairs of the said intended

Church or Chape), and Church-yard, with the Waifs, Gates, Organ, Clock, Bells, and other

Things to the fame respectively appertaining or to appertain, and for other the Purposes herein above

mentioned, the fame shall be laid out and applied by the Churchwardens for the Time being of the said

intended Church or Chapel, and their Suceuors, in augmenting the Salary of the Minister, Clerk, or - '

Sexton, or in the ornamenting or otherwise improving the said Church or Chapel. c f .

XV. Provided always. That the Salary of the Minister or Chaplain for the Time being of the said j^eferk, Sec]

intended Church or Chapel, shall not at any Time be less than Seventy Pounds 5 nor the Salary of the not\o be left

Clerk be less than Four Pounds ; nor the Salary of the Sexton be less than Two Pounds ; nor the Sa- thin ccruia

Btry of the Verger be left than Two Pounds per Annum respectively.

AVI. And it 19 hereby also enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice, impeach, Saviag Ri^tnf

defeat, lessen, or abridge, or be construed to prejudice, defeat, lessen, or abridge, the Right* Title,Liferp^okfc,

Interest, Claim, or Demand, of the Redors of the said Parish of Liverpoole, of, in, or to, any Duet,

Duties, Offerings, Oblations, Obvcntiona, or any other Ecclesiastical Rights, Benefices, Perquisites,.

or Advantages, or any other Right, Title, or Interest, within the Parish of Liverpoole aforesaid, which

were or are veiled in them, or which they can or may respectively claim, demand, or be intitled to, by

virtue of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King

William the Third, for making and eroding the Town of Liverpoole into a Parish, separate and distinct

from that of Walton, whereof it was then rart, and wherein it was formerly comprised ; and that no-

thing in this present Act contained shall charge, or be construed to charge, any of the Burgesses or

Inhabitants within the said Town and Parish of Liverpoole, or the Liberties thereof, in any other Man-

ner than as in and by the said former A6\, and this present Act, they are already cjjarged or charge-

able to the Parish Church of Saint Peter, and the Parochial Chapel of our Lady and Saint Nicholas,

within the said Town.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid to and into the Hands of the Minister of Double Feeit#

the said new-intended Church or Chapel for the Time being, for the Performance of the several and ^P*dfor

respective Offices of Minister, Clerk, and Sexton there. Double the Fees, Dues, and Perquisites, rw*es'*c#

which are usually and of Right ought to be paid for every Marriage, Churching, BuriaJ, and opening

the Ground for Graves, in the Chapel-yard or Ccemetery at the said Parish Church and Parochial

Chapel of our Lady and Saint Nicholas; and that the Minister of the said intended Church or Chapel

shall, from Time to Time, collect and receive such Double Fees, Duties, and Perquisites, and ac-

count for and pay, by equal Half-yearly Payments in every Year, on everyTwenty-fourth Day of June

and Twenty-hfth Day of December, One Moiety or Half-part thereof to and into the Hanas of the

Redors of the said Parish Church and Parochial Chapel of our Lady and Saint Nicholas for the Time being,

to be divided among them and the Clerks and Sextons of the same Parish Church and Parochial Cha-

pel within Ttn Days after such Redors shall have received the fame, in such Shares and Proportions

as the Fees payable at the fame Church and Chapel are divided; and that the remaining Moiety shall,

on the said Half-yearly Days, be divided between the Minister, Clerk, and Sexton, of the said new-

3 N a intended

