I38

C. 23. Anno undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

Di d refs not

deemed unlaw-

ful.

Proceedings not

to be quasheH for

want of Form.

Plaintiff shall

rot recover, if

f ltfiuent

Amends ten-

dered.

Limitation of

Actions,

Ceneral Issue.

Treble Costs,

Public Act.

Order of, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Session; and the

said Justices, at such Quarter Session, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the en-

tering into such Recognizance, shall hear and determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a sum-

mary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing, or appealed against, as they the said Justices

shall think proper; and the Determination of such Justices, at their Quarter Session, shall be final, binding,

and conclusive.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress shall be made

for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed

unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account

of any Default or want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties be

deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done

by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover

full Satisfaction for the special Damage only, in an Action on the Cafe.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Rate or Rates, Assessment or

Afl'dlments, or any Proceeding to be had touching any Order made, or any other Matter or Thing to be

done or transaded in or relating to any such Complaint or Appeal, or any Order or Determination thereon,

shall be qualhed or vacated for want of Form, or be removed into any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record

at lVejhniv.fi er by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever; any Law, Statute, or Usage to

the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXV. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such Irre-

gularity, Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the Be-

half of the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, every or any such Irre-

gularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceeding, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall

have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants, in any Action, by Leave of

the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum

of Money as he or they shall fee fit, whereupon such Proceedings or Order and Judgement shall be had,

made, or given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money

into Court.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit shall be com-

menced against any Commissioner or Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons acting under them,

or against any Committee-man or Committee-men, or other Person or Persons acting under any of the said

Committees, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until after the Expiiation of twenty-one Days

next after Notice thereof shall be given in Writing to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, or Clerk to the

said Committee, as the Cafe shall be, or after sufficient Satisfaction, or Tender thereof, hath been made

to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after six Calendar Months next after the Fadl committed, for which

such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be brought; and every such Action shall be brought, laid, and

tried in the County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and that the Defendant or Defendants, and every of

them, in every such Action and Suit, may plead the General Issue, ana give the Special Matter in Evi-

dence at any Trial or Trials to be had thereupon; and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or

Suit shall be so brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the said Matter

or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought be-

fore the Expiration of twenty-one Days after Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfac-

tion was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if such Action or Suit was not commenced within the Time

before limited for that Purpose, or shall be laid in any County or Place other than the said County of Mid-

dlcfex, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and if a Verdict or Verdicts shall

be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in such Action or Suit, shall

become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action or Suit; or if, upon any Demurrer in such

Action or Suit, Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants; then, and in either of the

Cafes aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for

recovering the fame as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs, in any other

Cafes by Law.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken

to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and all other

Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same, or giving the fame in Evidence.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for paving and regulating Rosemary Lane, from the Parish of Saint Botilph, Aldgate,

to Cable Street; also the said Cable Street, the Foot-path in Back Lane, Part of the Pre-

cindl of Well Clcfe, the Street leading from Nightingale Lane to Ratcliff Cross, Butcher Row*

and Brock Street, and the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages opening into the fame; and

for removing all Obstrudlions and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the

future.

gamble* f TT 7 HEREAS the several Streets, Lanes, and Part of the Precincts herein after mentioned, (that

is to say) Rosemary Lane, from the Boundary of the Parish of Saint Botolph, Aldgate, to Cable

f Street, the said Street called Cable Street, the Foot-path of the Back Lane> to the Turnpike Gate in Can-

kncn

