*}QO C. 32. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

bages, Parsnips, Pease, or Carrots, and the Overseers of the Pdor, or ot)>er Persons having the

Charge and Disposal of the Funds of the Fdor of such P«r«(h or Place where the Offence shall

be committed, for the Use of the Poor of, such. Parish or Place, in such Proportion as such

Tuftice or Justices shall think fit*, or the whole of such Sums shall be given to the Owner of such

Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, Parsnips, Pease, or Carrots, or to the Overseers of the Poor, or

other Persons having the Charge and Disposal of the Funds for the Use of the Poor of such

Parish or Place, according to the Discretion ‘ of such Justice r Justices: And.in Default of Pay-

ment of such Penalty, of which the Offender hath been confuted as aforesaid, such Justice or

Judiees shall and may commit such Offender to the House of CorreAion, there to be kept to

hard Labour for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, unless such Penalty shall be,

sooner paid or satisfied: And if the Offence,* is committed in fbat Part of Great Britain

called Scotland, such Justice or Justices* (hall' and may commit such Offender to Prison, thereto

remain any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, unless such, Penalty shall be sooner paid or

fatitfied: And the bringing of the Offender or Offenders before such Justice or Justices of the Peace

may be done, and the Proceedings against Offenders, under the Authority of this Act, may be carried

on, in the most summary Manner,

information! of II. And, for the more easy ConviAioo of Persons offending against this A A, be it en a (Sled by the

Owners to be Authority aforesaid, That in all informations, and other Proceedings for any of the Offences aforesaid,

taken and al- the Evidence of the Owner or Owners of such Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, Parsnips, Pease, or^

lowed. Carrots, and of the Inhabitants of the Parish or Place where the Offence shall be committed,

shall be taken and allowed; any Law, Custom, Rule, Order, or Usage, to the Contrary notwith-

(landing.

Where Connie- 111. Provided always. That where any such ConviAfon shall be upon the Oath of the Owner or

don shall beon Owners, the whole of the Penalty or Forfeiture shall be paid to the Overfe^r or Overseers of the

2* , ®f Poor for the Parish or Place where the Offence shall be committed, for the Use of the Poor

JoSe tobc of such Parish or Place.

4>aid to the Ore* ' r .*■; 1; ,

seer* of the Poor. i

Conriaionio IV. And, for the more‘eafy and^ speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further

be drawn intheenacted, That all and every the Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons

following Form. 4h all be convicted of any Offeivce against this A A, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn

of in the following Form of Words, or in any Form of Words to the same Effect, as the Cafe

shall happen, videlicet:

j^E it remembered^ That on the Day of in the Year

of our Lord A. B. having been brought b fore me* or having been

duly summoned, and not having appeared, or heroing appearedr (as the Cafe may happen), and having con-

fcjfcd, or being convicted, (as tht.* Cafe m.iy happen), of thi Charge exhibited against him, is duly convicted

before me C. D One of His Majesty s fif ices of the Peace for the County of.

[specifying the Offence, and the l ime and Place when and where the fame was committed, as the

Cafe shall be]. Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year aforesaid, . ,

erorifc. V. Provided always. That no Person shall be prosecuted for any such Offence, un’efs such Profecu-

tion be begun within Thirty Days after the Offence committed.

Aa13 Geo.II. VI. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act, made in the Twenty third Year of the

(o tar as the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws for the

"Jatcs to better regulating of Pilots for the conducing of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and Hie of Thanet,

VurnoV”8 ^*ver v Thames and Medway; and for permitting Rum or Spirits of the British Su-

gar Plantations to be landed before the Duties of Excje are paid thereon; and to continue and amend

an Act for preventing Frauds in the Aumeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Weft-

minder, and several Parishes near thereunto \ and to continue several Laws for preventing Exactions

of Occupiers of Locks and Weirs uport the River Thames, Wejfward, and for ascertaining tfft Rates

of Water Carriage upon the said River; and fOr the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in

the Merchants Service; and alj'o to amend so much of an Act, made in the First Year Jof the Reign

of King George the First, as relates to the better Preservation of Sainton in the River Kibble \ and

to regulate Fees in Trials at Affixes, and Nisi Prius, upon Records issuing out of the Office of Pleas of

the Court of Exchequer; and for the apprehending of Persons in any County or Place, upon Warrants

granted by 'justices of the Peace in any other County or Place; and to repeal so much jyf an Act,

made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, as relates to the Time during

wloich the Office of Excise is to be kept open each Day, and to appoint for how hng Time the fame

shall be k pt open on each Day for the future \ and to prevent the fealtng or dfraying of Turnips;

Aall, after (he and to amend un Act, rr.ade in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for better Regulation of Attorneys

Commencement and Solicitors so far as the fame relates to the dealing of Turnips j shall, from ami after the Com-

,ke wcncernent of this present Act, be repealed.

CAP.

