354 C. 16.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1772;

and in Default of Payment of the feverml Fines, Forfeitures, and others last mentioned, so to be

awarded by the said Bailie or Tuftice of the Peace, the Person who shall be convicted as aforesaid

shall and may be font by the said Bailie or Tuftice of the Peace to the nearest Prison or Heuse of Cor*

redion, for such Time as the said Judges shall dire£L not exceeding Three Months5 and that the said

pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding rive Pounds Sterling, shall, after Deduction of the necessary

Charges of recovering the fame, be applied. One Half thereof to the Use of the Informer, and the other

Half to the Minister and Kirk Session of Port Glafrow, for the Use of the Poor of that Parish.

fenaltietsuy W XXV ill. Provided always. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices of the

amigaicd. Peace, Bailie, and other Judges aforesaid. or any of them, by whom such Judgment, Sentence, or

Determination shall be given, pronounced, or made from Time to Time, where they fee Cause, to

mitigate, compound, or lessen any of the Penalties or Forfeitures aforesaid, 2$ he or they, in his or

their Discretion, shall think fit; lb as such Mitigation or Composition do not extend to remit above

One Moiety of the Penalty infiided and directed to be levied by this Act ; and that every such Mi-

tigation or Composition shall be a sufficient Discharge for the Persons offending refoedlvdy, for (#

much of the said Penalties and Forfeitures as shall be so mitigated, lessened, or remitted.

Ftr getting Ms- XXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for die

faidTrustees, or their Deputies, Agents, Officers, and Servants, to,open Stone Quarries, Sand, Clay,

and Gravel Pits, and to dig, gather, take, and carry away from such Quarries and Pits, any Stone, Sand,

Gravel, Clay, and other Materials, in and out of any Waste or Common Grounds, lyins within Two

Miles of the River and Firth of Clyde, or of any River that discharges itself into the said River or Firth

n of Chde, for carrying on, executing, and repairing the several Piers, Quays, and Breads, and other

• Works already built in the said Harbour ot Port Ghfgow, or authorised to be built by virtue of thir

A3, without paying any Thing for such Waste and Common Ground opened and used as aforesaid ;

trf levelling * the said Trustees being obliged, at their own Expence and Charge, to fill up and level all such Holes

■tbotiu* and Pits which shall be made ii

if proper

ftr lab ca

Ma-

te got in Com-

mnd Pits which shall be made in such Common or Waste Ground, by quarrying, dig

away Stone, Sand, Gravel, Clay, and other Materials aforesaid, as soon as they ft

or immediate Use for the fame: And that, in case the said Trustees shall judge it improper and incon-

venient to open “

tiu , die, and carry away Stones and Gravel, Clay, and other Materials from the said Waste

common Ground, and that sufficient Materials* for the Purposes aforesaid, cannot easily be pot from

wumCnaodt the fame, that then it shall and may be lawful to, and in the Option of the said Trustees, their Depu~

«uy beaftdj ties. Agents, Officers, or Servants, to open, quarry, and dig such Stones, Sand, Gravel, Clay, and

other Materials aforesaid, and to carry the fame in and out of the Grounds of any Person or Persons

within Two Miles of the River or Firth of Clyde, or of any River that discharges itself into the said

River and Firth of Clyde, not (being Ground on which (lands any Houses, Garden, Orchard, planted

Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House) where such Materials are or may be found, and from Time to

Time to cause the fame to be carried off, or so much thereof as the said Trustees, and their Deputies,

Agents, Officers, or Servants, shall judge necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, and for keeping the said

Works in good Order and Repair; the said Trustees making reasonable Satisfaction for the Damage

done to the Surface of the said Ground, and for the Value of the Stones, Sand, Gravel, Clay, and

other Materials, so to be carried in and out of the aforesaid Ground, to the Proprietors, Liferenters,

Tacksmen, and other Parties interfiled in such Grounds, to which such Damage shall be done or oc-

cafioned, and Materials carried away in Manner aforesaid.

XXX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the

faidTrustees, and their Deputies, Agent9. Officers, and Servants, to make, use, and maintain Roads

from the said Waste and Common Ground, or other Grounds aforesaid, opened for quarrying and dig-

ging Stones, Sand, Gravel, Clay, and other Materials, to any Part of the River or Firth of Clyde, or to

any River that discharges itself into the said River or Firth of Clyde, or from the said Pits and Quarries

so to be opened as aforesaid, directly to the Harbour of Pert Glasgow; and to make the fame through

any Ground belonging to any Person or Persons whatsoever, (not being the Ground on which any

House, or any Garden, Orchard, and Walk or Walks planted, or Avenue to any House), the said

Trustees making reasonable Satis fad ion for the Damage done to the Ground through which the said

Road or Roads pass, to the Proprietor, Liferenter, Tacksmen, and other Parties concerned and intc-

rested in such Grounds to which such Damage shall be done or occasioned as aforesaid.

XXXI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall

not be in the Power of the said Magistrates and City Council of Glasgow, or of their Servants or

Agents, or of any other Person or Persons employed by them, to dig or carry away any Sand, or other

Materials for the making of the said Piers, Quays, or other Works, as aforesaid, from or out of any of

the Sand Banks and Fishing Places belonging to the Borough of Dumbarton in the River Clyde, or in the

River of Levtn, without the Consent of the Magistrates and Council of the said Borough of Dumbar-

ton first had and obtained.

PcJbns deftmy- XX XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons what-

fog the Wof k« foe ver shall, alter the passing of this Act, maliciously, wilfully, or wantonly demoiifti, breakdown,

denned guilty of destroy, oi let on Fire, any of the Jettees, Piers, Quays, Breasts, or other Works, construded, or to

Beiosy. be construded, in or belonging to the said Harbour of Port Glasgow, or any Ship, Boat, or other Vef-

fel, lying or being therein; every such Person or Persons, so offending, shall be adjudged guilty of Fe-

lony * and the Court and Courts, by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be indicted and

tried, shall, and hereby have Power and Authority to transport such Felon or Felons for the Space of

3 Seven!

rfafclftg Sjtif-

faction for the

Damage.

Trusteev im-

powered to

make Road a to

the Harbour

through com-

mon or private

Ground, Ac.

after making

Satiafa&ioa.

Fm >fr.

c.

