Anno decimo tertio Georgii III

A.D. 773.

C. 53. 54- 787

JA. B. do /wear, That I will, so long as I continue a Warden, well and faithfully behave tnyfelf in the

said Office \ and that I will not discover, by Description, in Words, or otherwise, to any Person or Per-

fons whatsoever, any Pattern, Design, or Invention^ of any Piece of Silver Plate, brought, or to be brought,

to the Office to be ajjayed, or wittingly or willingly permit the fame to be viewed or seen by any Petfon whom-

soever, but the Persons necessiarily employed, or to be employed, in the Affiay Office; and that I will in all

Things conform to the Rules laid down for my Conduct in an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirteenth Year of

the Reign King George the Third, (intituled, An Act for appointing Wardens and Assay-masters for

assaying Wrought Plate in the Towns of Sheffield and Birmingham.)

So help mt GOD.

Which Oath any Justice of Peace residing in the County where such Office is established is hereby

reauired and impowered to administer to such Wardens.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall Personj recover-

at any Time hereafer recover Judgement in any Court of Record against any Assay-master of either of ing Judgement

the Companies aforesaid, for any Penalty imposed on him by this Act, for Neglect or Fraud in the against an Afoy-

Execution of his Office, and such Penalty, together with the Costs adjudged, shall not be paid *nUt, and net

within the Time prescribed by that Court, wherein such Judgement shall be obtained; that then,

and in such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Master of His Majesty’s Mint for the ^harethe

Time being, and he is hereby authorised and directed to assign over to such Person or Persons so re* Array.master'*

covering such Judgement the said Bond or Obligation so directed to be entered into by the said Aflayer Bond afligneA

and his Sureties to the Master of His Majesty’s Mint, as aforesaid, in order to enable such Person or tohinu

Persons to bring One or more Action or Actions thereon against such* Aflayer and his Sureties, or

either of them, or the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators of them, or either of them, for the Re-

covery of such Penalty so recovered against the Aflayer, together with the Costs adjudged; in which

last-mentioned Action or Actions it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff to prove the Execution of the

said Bond, and of the Assignment thereof, and the former Judgement recovered against the Aflayer, in

order to intitle such Plaintiff to Judgement and Execution.

XXX. Provided always, nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if ^*nfny

in any Action to be brought on the fame Bond, as last aforesaid, a Verdict should be given for the ^dVcrdia

Defendant, or the Plaintiff be nonsuited, that then the Costs of such Verdict or Nonsuit shall be paid be given foriha

by the Assignee of such Bond, and the Master of His Majesty’s Mint be wholly exonerated and dif- Defendant,

charged therefrom; any Law, Usage, or Statute to the Contrary in anywise notwithstanding. Coftifliali be

‘ paid by the Af-

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this A ft shall be deemed and Act

taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all judges, Justices,

4nd other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. Lin.

An Act to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal-Green, in the County of

Middlesex, to pay Debts already contracted in finishing and fumilhing their Workhouse, and.on 1

account of the Poor of the said Parish > and for their further Relief.

CAP. LIV.

An Act for the more effectual Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain

called Scotland \ and for repealing and amending several of the Laws now in being re-

lative thereto.

4

€ XT THEREAS the Laws already made for the Preservation of Game in that Part of Great Preamble.

Britain called Scotland are found by Experience to be insufficient for that Purpose, without

being altered and amended ;’ may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiri-

tual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame. That every Person who shall wilfully take, kill, destroy, carry, fell, buy, or have in his or J>er Pof—: Person# taking,

session, or use any Muir Fowl or Tarmargan, between the Tenth Day of December and the Twelfth killing, felling/

Day of August in any Year; or any Heath Fowl, between the Tenth Day of December and the or buying Mmc

Twentieth Day of August in any Year; or any Partridge, between the First Day of February and the Fowl, &c. be*

First Day of September in any Year 5 or any Pheasant, between the First Day of Fcburary and the

First Day of October in any Year; shall, for every Bird so taken, killed, destroyed, carried, fold, rhaUfon'eir.

bought, found, or used, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling: And in case of not paying for every Bird so

the Sum decreed within the Space of Ten Days after Conviction by a final Sentence, shall suffer Im- destroyed 51.

prisonment for Two Months for each Five Pounds Sterling thereof.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend to any Pheasant or Partridge -Not toeitend to

which shall be takeu in the Seasons allowed by this Act, and kept in any Mew or breeding ^en^o^the0’

Seufons allowed,

and kept in

III. And breeding Place*,

