A.D. 1771. Anno undeciroo Georgii IN. C. 35. 215

Land or Water (except In Tech Vessels for Importation or Exportation of Gunpowder, as aforesaid) shall Manner of c*r-

bc in Barrels dole joined and hooped, without any Iron about them, and so secured that no Part of the nring, &c. prt-

Gunpawder be feattered in the PalLge, 2nd each Barrel shall contain no more than one hundred Pounds of^*1,

GunpowJcr; and, when conveyed by Land, shall be entirely inclosed in a Leather Bag, ora Bag com-

monly called a Salt VetrtBag\ and every Carriage or Vdlcl (except such Vessels as aforesaid) in which

Gunpowder (h.dl be conveyed by Land or Water, shall have a compleat Covering of Wood, Painted cloth,

^Tarpaulin, or Wadmill-tiits, over all that Part of the Carriage or Vefiel in which the Gunpowder Barrels

shall be placed, and all Gunpowder which shall be carried or conveyed (except in such Veilcls for Importa-

tion or Exportation of Gunpowder as aforesaid) within any Part of Great Britain, in greater Quantity or in

other Manner than is herein before prescribed ; and the Barrels in which such Gunpowder shall be, may be

seized by any Person or Persons, who shall have the fame Authority to remove such GunpowJer and Bar- cauLa comrary*

rcls, and to use for that Purpose (dut ing the Space of twenty-four Hours after Seizure) the Carriage or Vef- to the Act, and

fel in which such Gunpowder (ha.li be seized, and the Tackling, Bealls, and Accoutrements belonging the Barrels, &c.

thereto, on the ‘l'erms of pacing a Recompence for the Use thereof, and to duain such Gunpowder and the Seizuret<> be

Barrels as is heiein after given to Per fan* searching under a Warrant of a Justice of the Peace; and such forpS °."n.Ulcf

b^rzure shall be for his, her, or their own Ufc, on Conviction of the Offender or Offenders. theC^TcnderT°

4 III. And,* for the more easy Discovery of the Keeping and Carriage of Gunpowder, contrary to the Ono justice may

4 Provisions herein before made ; Be it further enacted, '1 hat it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace grant Warrant

of the County or other Divihon within Great Britain, in which Gunpowder is fulpccted to be kept or car- to search lor

lied, contrary to this Act, on Demand made, and a reasonatle Cause assigned, upon Oath, by any Person G,»nP°wl]«r

€>r Persons, to issue a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, for searching in the Day-time any ^ca^tied con-*

Houses, Storchouses, Warehouses, Shops, Cellars, Yards, Wharfs, or other Places, or any Carriages, trary to Act.

Snips, Boats, or other Vessels, in which such Gunpowder is suspected to be kept or carried, contrary to this

Act; and th^tall Gunpowder found upon such Search, to be kept or carried contrary to this Act, and also

the Gunpowder Barrels, fha!l be immediately seized by the Searcher or Searchers, who shall, with all con-

venient Speed, after the Seizure, remove such Gunpowder, and the Barrels in which it shall be, to such

proper Places as they, in Conformity to the Rcftruftions of this Act, shall think most convenient; and in

the Cafe of any such Gunpowder seized in any Carriage or Vessel, may use for the Purpose of Removal,

during the Space of twenty-four Hours after Seizure, such Carriage or Vessel, with the Tackling, Beads,

and Accoutrements belonging thereto, paying afterward# to the Owner or Owners thereof, a fufheient Re-

con.pcncc for the Ufc thereof, to be settled by the Justices before whom the Complaint shall be heard, after

the Seizure; and in case of Non-p ivment, immediately after Settlement determined by such Justices, to be recoverable

by Diltrcfs and Sale of the Parties Goods and Chattels, as is herein after directed, concerning the pecuniary

Penalties of this Act, and may detain such Gunpowder, and the Barrels in which it shall be, till it shall be

adjudged whether the ian>e shall be forfeited, and shall not be liable to any Suit for such Detainer, or for

any Lois of, or Damage which may happen, to the said Gunpowder or Barrels, other than by the wilful

Acts or Neglect of them, or the Perf ins with whom they shall intrust the keeping thereof.

4 IV. And w'hcrcas it may be necessary to have feme Places appointed, in which it may be lawful to erect

4 or make new Mills for making, and Magazines or Storchouses for keeping, unlimited Quantities of Gun- The JuffcMau-

4 powder;* Be it therefore further enacted, 'That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of each t!',r‘,7*don

County, or other Division within Great Britain, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, upon Ap- tj4^tVhrir°

plication made to them by any Person or Persons (such Person or Persons having given Notice in Writing ru.artrr Section*,

of the Intention to make such Application, fourteen Days before making it, to an Overseer or Churchwar- loiicerf* M;i:&

den of the Parish or Place in which it is propoled to erect or make any such new Mill, Magazine, or Store- o-Magazine for

house, or of an adjoining Parish, if the Place shall be extraparochial, which Overseer or Churchwarden is ™al^fr£iteTP*

hereby required tocaufefuch Notice to be pub’.iekly read on the Sunday next ensuing, in the Parish Church

after Divine Service) from time to time, to license the erecting or making such Mills, Magazines, or Cun owder in

btorehouies, for making or keeping unlimited Quantities of Gunpowder in such Places, not being within PUcet bcinj

London or Westminster, or any other Limits within Great Britain, herein before particularly prescribed, as wuhm London

to such Justices shall appear most proper for that Puipole. &e.W< minltcr*

Fourteen Day* Notice of the Application to t>c give# to the Parish.

V. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted. That no Person shall be liable to any Penalty or

Prosecution under this Act, for keeping unlimited Quantities of Gunpowder, without such Licence of the <*t;0Vundrr oiia

Juitires, in any Magazine or Storchoule already built or ulcd for that Purpose, in any Plucc#not being A^t f0T keeping

within London and it ejlmirjler, and the other Limits within Great Britain, herein before particularly de- un)irrite<’ Quan.

fenbed, until the Expiration of six Calendar Months aitcr an Adjudication by ihc Justices of the Peace, ti 01 Gun.

for the County or other Division, in which any such Magazine or Storchoule shall be, at their General

Quarter Sessions of the Peace, that the fame is dangerous (it being hereby declared that they fh*ll not have wfft°.n"

Authority to make any fmh Adjudication, except on Complaint made to them of any such Magazine or m nfler, &r. t;n

Etufchouse, by fomc Houlcholder of the Paiifti or Place in which the .Magazine or Storehouse shall be ; and, the End ot 6

after due Summons of the Owner or Owners of the Magazine or Storehouse complained x>t, to answer such Month* after

Complaint and Examination, on Oath of the Witnesses pioduced to funport or invalidate such Complaint)

and also that no Person Hull be liable at any Time to any Penalty or Prosecution whatsoever. for keeping fame U*

unlimited Quantities of Gunpowder without such Licence of the Just;ces of the Peace, in any M ngazine or (or.fcrcui.

Storchoule erected by Appointment of the Ju(iices of the Peace, under the Power given to them, by any of No Person to bn

the former Acts regulating the Keeping and Carriage of Gunpowder. lub’.e to»roie-

OO rt 1 on for kmu

to| nUinuted Quantities of Gunpowdu La Msgaaiats creCled by Appointment of the Joftion .nde-

VI. Ani

cut on lor krrpm

■ the foimci Arts.

