Anno undecimo Georgii IU«

94

C. ig.

A.D. 177 x,

ten Shillings, and the fame shall moreover be deemed Nuisances; and any one of the said Commissioners,

or any one of their Officers, or any other Person, without any Peace-officer or other Person present, shall

and may, either in.the Day or by Night, seize, or cause to be seized, the Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other

Carriage, so placed, or suffered to (land or continue, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, together

with the Horse or Horses thereunto belonging or affixed, (if any) or the Timber, Bricks, Stones, Slates*

Hay, Straw, Wood, Faggots, Coals, Boards, Tubs, Goods, Waies, Merchandises, Materials, or

Things, so laid or placed as aforesaid, and remo e the fame, or cause the fame to be removed, to any Pound

within the said City or Suburbs, or to such other Place as Oiall be appointed for that Purpose by the said

Commissioners, or any five or more of them, there to be kept and detained until the Owner or Owners

thereof, or his, her, or their known Servant or Servants shall claim the fame, and pay to the Person or Per-

fons in whole Custody the fame shall then be, the Sum of ten Shillings, together with the Charges of re-

moving and keeping the fame; and in case the fame shall not be claimed, and the said Sum of ten Shillings

and Charges paid, within the Space of fix Days next after such Seizure, it shall and may be lawful to and

for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to cause the fame to be appraised and fold, and the

Money arising therefrom shall be applied to the same Uses and Purposes as the Monies arising from the

Rates or Assessments are hereby directed to be applied.

Owners of Carts, LXVI. Provided, That if any Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, shall be so placed or suffered ta

Sec. not im- stand or continue as aforesaid, or any Timber, Bricks, Goods, Wares, Merchandises, Materials, or

pounded, to for- Things, shall he so laid and placed as aforesaid, and the fame shall not be seized and impounded as afore-

fwt jo». said, the Owner or Owners of such Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, or of such Timber, Bricks,

Goods, Wares, Merchandises, Materials, or Things, shall nevertheless forfeit and pay the Sum of ten

Shillings for every Offence by such Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, being so placed, or suffered

to stand or continue, or such Timber, Bricks, Goods, Wares, Merchandises, Materials, or Things, being

so laid, or placed, or left as aforesaid.

Annoyances by LXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Hogstye, Necessary-house, Flesh, Dung, Carrion,

Hog flies, Sec, to Blood, Offal, Soil, or Filth, Ashes, Cinders, or Rubbiffi, or any other noisome Matter whatsoever, in or

be removed. near any of the said principal Streets within the said City or Suburbs, mentioned in the Schedule hereto

annexed, shall be offensive to any of the Inhabitants, or other Person or Persons, the fame shall be deemed

a Nuisance and an Offence against this Act; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or

any five or more of them, upon Complaint thereof made to them by any such Inhabitant, or other Person

or Persons, by Notice in Writing under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them,

or under the Hand of the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the time being, to order any such Nuisance or

Offence to be removed; and in case the fame shall not be removed within three Days after such Notice given

to the Person or Persons who ought to remove the fame, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay the

Sum of five Shillings daily, for every Day that the fame shall continue unremoved, after the Expiration of

the said three Days.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time after the passing

row. Sec. to be cf this Act, run, drive, or cause to be run, driven, or drawn on any Foot-pavements within the said City

Ar"nn or Suburbs, any Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, or Carriage whatsoever, or shall roll any Calk,

or wilfully ride, drive, or lead, or cause to be rode, driven, or led, any Horse or other Cattle, on any of

the said Foot-pavements, other than in Cafes of absolute Necessity; such Person or Persons shall forfeit and

pay, for the first Offence, the Sum of five Shillings, for the second Offence, the Sum of ten Shillings, and

for the third, and every other Offence, the Sum of twenty Shillings.

LXIX.^ Provided, That no Person or Persons shall be liable to such Penalties, for rolling any Calk on

the said Foot-pavements, unless the fame shall have been rolled thereon for the Space of twenty Yards, or

upwards.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Cellar-window or Windows shall be left open in the

Evening, or in the Night, without the fame being sufficiently lighted, to prevent Accidents happening

therefrom, the Occupier or Occupiers of such House or Cellar shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and

pay the Sum of ten Shillings.

4 LXXI. And whereas there are Pipes placed under the Pavements in several of the said Streets, Lanes,

and public Ways, for the Purpose of conveying Water for the Use of the Inhabitants, and great Incon-

4 veniencies may arise from the breaking up the Pavement, in order to repair the fame, and from the bursting

4 or breaking the said Pipes, if such Pavement be not properly relaid For Remedy whereof, be it further

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Part of the Pavements of any of the

Streets or Places which mall be begun to be paved by virtue of this Act, shall be damaged by the bursting

or breaking of the said Pipes, or taken up by any Person or Persons for the Purposes of making, repairing,

or altering any of the said Pipes, or any Vault or Drain, or for any other Purpose whatsoever; the Person

or Persons to whom the fame belong, or so taking up such Pavement or Pavements, shall immediately give

Notice thereof to the Surveyor or Surveyors employed by the said Commissioners for putting this Act in Ex-

ecution, in order that the fame may, with all convenient Speed, be laid down and repaired, under the In-

speftion of the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and the Charges and Expences thereof shall be paid by the said

Commissioners, and they shall be reimbursed the fame by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors

of the Water-works, or other Person or Persons who shall take up, or cause or procure to be taken up, the

said Pavement or Pavements, or any Part or Parts thereof; and in case any such Owner or Owners, Pro-

prietor or Proprietors of Water-works, or other Person or Persons, shall neglect or refuse to pay what the

laid Commissioners shall have so paid and disbursed, within ten Days next after Notice thereof, to be left

by the Receiver or Receivers appointed, or to be appointed by the said Commissioners, at the Dwelling-

house

No Wheelbar-

: row. See. to be

driven on Foot-

pavements.

.Proviso.

Cellar-windows

at Night to be

sufficiently

lighted.

Powerof repair

ing Pavements

damaged by the

bursting or

breaking of

Water pipes*

