43

A* D. tjjTt

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

C. 12.

laid Commissioners, or any (even or more of them, one or more Annuity or Annuities, in the Room of

such Annuitant or Annuitants so dying, upon the Life of I'uch Person or Persons, upon such Terms and

Conditions, and payable in such Manner as above mentioned ; so that the Sum or Sums to be contributed

for the Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities to be granted by virtue of this Act, shall, at no one Time,

exceed the said Sum of four thousand Pounds.

LV. And be it further enacted. That all and every Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased, under and Annuities

■fey virtue of this Act, shall be, and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable, from time to ur°a

time, out of the Monies arising by the Rates and Aiicflments aforesaid ; and all and every the Contributor tnc Kalc*#

and Contributors, upon the Credit of this Act, duly paying the Confederation or Purchase-money as afore-

said, for any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, or his, her, or their respective Executors, Admini-

strators, and Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be entitled, by virtue of-thiWVft, to have, re-

ceive, and enjoy the rclpeftive Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased out of the said Rates or Assessments

by this Act appointed for the Payment thereof, as aforesaid, during the Term of the natural Life of the

Person to be nominated by each Purchaser or Contributor as before mentioned ; and that all and every such

Purchaser and Purchasers, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have good* sure, ab-

solute, and indefeasible Estates and Interests in the Annuity or Annuities so by him, her, or them respec-

tively to be purchased, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and that none of the said

Annuities shall now, or hereafter, be subject or liable to the Tax charged, or to be charged upon Land by

Authority of Parliament i and that every Contributor for the Purpose of any such Annuity or Annuities as

aforesaid, his, her, or their Assigns, upon Payment of the Consideration or Purchase-money, shall have a

Receiptor Receipts for *he fame, and also an Order on Parchment (which may be made without any

Stamp) for Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities, for and by half-yearly Payments, which Order shall

be signed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them ; and after signing thereof, the fame shall

be firm, valid, and of good Effect in the Law, according to the true Purport and Meaning of this Act.

LV1. And be it further enacted, That the Cleric of the said Commissioners for the time being shall enter Clerk to fn-er

in a Book or Bools, to be for that Purpose provided and kept by the said Commissioners, all Secuiitics for Src,ritic* (oT

Monies borrowed, or Annuities granted, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act; and all Assignmervts or

Transfers thereof, expressing in Words at Length, the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode, n<W

and other Descriptions of all such Persons as shall from time to time be intitled to such Securities, and the

Sums received upon such Securities, and also the Name, Surname, Addition, Place of Abode, and other

Description of every Person for whose Life any Annuity shall be granted by virtue of this Act, and the

Days whereon the said Annuity shall be payable; to which Book and Books the Person and Persons intitled

to, and possessed of such Annuity, and all and every the Person or Persons liable to the Payment of the

said Rates and Afl'cflments, shall at all reasonable Times have Access, with free Liberty to inspect the

fame, without Fee or Reward.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons in- For Afllgnment

titled to any of the Securities aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, at any of Sccun ,c<*

Time or limes, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands respectively, to assign or transfer

such Securities, by Indorsement on the Back thereof, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, and so toties

fuotiss; and such Arguments or Transfers, after they shall respectively be entered by the Clerk of the said

Commissioners in Manner aforesaid, (which he is hereby required to do without Fee or Reward) shall in-

title the Person or Persons to whom they shall be respectively made, and his, her, or their respective Ex-

ccutois, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security or Securities so assigned or transferred.

LV111. And be it further enacted, That all Monies raised orcollefted by virtue, or by means, or under the Money veil'd in

Authority of this Act, shall be, and the fame arc hereby vested in the said Commissioners, and shall be ap- Comrr.iffioncrf.

plied for the Purposes of this Act, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the Charges and Expences of procuring and F*pcnc« of rhe

passing this Act shall be paid out of the fuss Monies which shall be raised by virtue of this Act. Awt.

LX. And be it further enacted. That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, (the Manner p(-naltfe« not

of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and rcco- othi wife pro-

vered by Uiftrefs and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal 0fv,acd f‘r»how to

any Justice of the Peace acting in and for the County, Liberty, or Place, where the Offence shall be com- beAtv,cl#

mitted ; which Warrant such Justice is hereby impowered and required to grant upon the Confession of the

Party or Parties, or upon the Information of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath ; and

the Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, to

the Party or Parties whose Goods or Chattels shall be so diffrained and fold, the Charges of such Diffrefi*

and Sale being first deducted, shall be paid to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners for the time

being, and be applied towards the Purposes of this Act ; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or

such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice,

and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand, to cause such Offender or OfKndcis

to be committed to the common Gaol of the County or Liberty where such Offence shall be committed, or

where such Offender shall be convicted, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any l ime not ex-

ceeding two Months, nor less than one Week, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reaLnable

Charges, shall be sooner fully paid and satished.

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said pJr: of Pmaltici

Commissioners, or any five or morenf them, from time to time, if they shall fee Cauie, to pay and apply m*y br^d to

such Part of the said Penalties and Forfeitures as they shall think proper, not exceeding o.ic half thereof, to the Informer*.

G 2 and

c. oooole

