398 C. 33.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III:

A.D. 1772.'

Fugitive in Execution, or any Judgment, Sentence, or Decree, which fcall hereafter be recovered or

Ad ntau obtained against any such Prisoner or Fugitive: And in any Action or Suit, which {hall be hereafter com-

takenof mcnced against any such Prisoner or Fugitive, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators^no Bc-

tkeCaufeofAc- nefit or Advantage shall be had or taken, for that the Cause of Action did not accrue within Three

tion not accruing Years next before the commencing of any such Action or Suit j nor shall any Statute of Limitation be

Year,> pleadable, or be allowed to be pleaded in Bar of or in any such Action or Suit, which shall be hereafter

of^rnitation?1^ commcnced by any such Creditor or Creditors against any such Prisoner or Prisoners, unless such Cause

Exception. of Action or Suit did not accrue within Three Years next before any such Prisoner or Fugitive shall be

discharged under this Act; and in any such Cafe, the fame may be pleaded by any such Prisoner, his or

her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators.

Discharge «f XXXVI. Provided always, and be it likewise enabled, That by the Discharge of any Prisoner or

P^ttUo"heoi-by. Force this Afl, no other Person or Persons who was or were Partner or Partners

psrtnfrotSuife* in Trade with any such Prisoner or Fugitive, at the Time of his or her Discharge under this

Set. A&, or then flood bound, engaged with, or liable to, the Payment of any Debt with any such

Prisoner or Fugitive, or engaged in any Contract together with any such Prisoner or Fugitive,

shall be discharged from any such Debt or Demand; but every such other Person and Persons

shall severally (land and be chargeable with, and liable to pay, such Debt and Debts, and to per-

form such Contrails in liste Manner as if any such Prisoner or Fugitive had never been discharged

from the same.

XXXVII. And be it further enailed. That if any Gaoler or Keeper, or reputed Gaoler or Keeper, of

any Prison or Prifans, (bail make, or cause to be made, any false Entry or Entries in any Book or Books

belonging to any Prison x>r Gaol under his Care, or of which he is or was Gaoler, Or shall prepare

or keep, or cause to be prepared or kept, any false Book or Books, in order for any false or untrue

Entry or Entries to be made therein; or shall insert in any List to be delivered in as aforesaid, the

Name or Names of any Person or Persons who was not a Prisoner or Prisoners in ailual Custody in any

such Gapl or Prison upon the said First Day of January, One thousand leven hundred and seventy-

two, or shall not have ever since remained in such actual Custody ;-except as in the Oath of any such

Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall be excepted; every such Gaoler or Keeper,

or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall over and above the Penalties which he shall be liable to for every

such Fraud, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; to be recovered, with Treble Costs

of Suit, by and in the Name, and for the Use, of any Person or Persons who shall be prejudiced br

any Entry, or such false. Entries; which Penalties shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt,

Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at IFejiminster, wherein no

Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Prisoner, being thereunto required by any Cre-

ditor, shall reftife to discover and declare the Trade or Occupation and Habitation or last Place of

Abode, of the Person or Persons at whole Suit he or she is detained or charged in Custody; or being

Person°tt whose ca^c^ for anc* Stored, by any Creditor or Creditors, to come to the Lodge of the Prison in which any

Suit he udetain- such Prisoner shall be confined, without iome reasonable Cause being made appear to the Contrary ;

«d, or to come to every such Prisoner, upon Proof being made thereof before the Justices at any General or Quarter

the Creditor in Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, to be held as aforesaid, shall not have or receive

the Lodge; « any Benefit or Discharge by or under tHie Act j any Thuig herein contained to the Contrary thereof

^ anywise notwithstanding:

_ - 4 XXXIX. And whereas there is but One Common or County Gaol for each of the respective

at*any" Counties of York, Lincoln, Lancajhr, and Durham, which said Counties are each of them divided into

convenientPlace several Ridings or Di.visions, all which have several Commissions of the Peace; and if the Gaolers

new to either of of those Gaols be obliged tQ carry the Debtors, Prisoners, therein, to the Quarter-session of each

*Hv rmw»ty Riding or DiviGon, the fame will be a very great Charge, not only to such Gaolers, but also to the

4 Prisoners in those large Counties ;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall

and may be lawful for Two or more Justices of the Peace for each of the Ridings and Divisions in the

respective Counties, at the Common or County Gaol thereof respectively, or at Tome convenient Place

near thereto, and they are hereby required to assemble and meet, and to hold Session there, by Ad-

journment from their respective Quarter-session, from Time to Time, for the Discharge of the re-

speflive Prisoners therein, according to the Powers, Limitations, and Directions of this Act.

4 XL. And whereas the next General Quarter-session of the Peace for the County of Surry, which

4 will happen after the passing of this Act, will be in the County, and upwards of Twenty Miles from

4 any of the said Prisons ;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be

lawful to and for such Justices as shall be assembled at the General Quarter-session of the Peace to be

far administering holden for the County of Surry, next after the passing of this Act, and they are hereby required forth-

^ with to adjourn the said Session to the Town-hall in the Borough of Sout/nvark, for the Purpose of ad-

miniflering the Oaths required to be taken and subscribed by this Act by the several Gaolers within the

said County wherein any Prisoner or Prisoners arc confined, and to the discharging such respective Pri-

foner or Prisoners confined therein, according to the Powers limited, and Directions of this Act.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Debtors, and others, who were

in Prison on or before the said First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, or

since, in any of the Gaols of this Kingdom, and now remain there for not paying their Fees, Rents, or

any other Demands due, or claimed as due, to the Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison respectively, or to

, any

Gaoler making

false Entries in

lhe Prison Book

or Lifts, forfeit

500 I. with

Treble Costs,

over and above

all other Penal-

ties for such

.Fraud.

Prisoner refus-

ing to declare

4he Abode,

&c. of the

thy County

Gaols, and '

Session there for

frifeharge of

Priibneis.

Justices for the

County of Surry

may assemble at

the Town-hall

of Southwark

Oaths, he,

Those who are

Prisoners for

their Fees, or

other Deman da

the Gaoler

