A.D. 1775. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 83. 893

repaired by the said Commissioners, as they, or any Five or more of them, {hall from Time to

Time diredh

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Road through Twickenham Park Dimensions of

{hall not, without the Consent of the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Meadow, called Twickenham the Ru»d.

Fark^ for the Time being, be more than Forty teet wide, and that without such Consent* no Part

thereof shall be carried further to the Northward than the Distance of One hundred and fifty Feet from

a certain Stile now handing between the said Meadow and the Ft id Ferry Lane \ and also, that without

such Consent, the Junction of the said Roa'd with Ferry Lane shall not be more than Two hundred and

Forty Feet from the said River Thames* including the Breadth of the said intended Road; and also that

no Houses or Sheds, or any other Buildings whatsoever, {hall at any Time be erected or built upon

any Part of the said Road through Twickenham Meadow.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Bridge shall not be rated or afiefted for or towards the The Bridge to be

Payment of the Land Tax, or any other publick or Parochial Rate or Tax whatsoever; and that the frcc from T*xe»,

laid BiiJge shall not be deemed a County BriJge, so as tosubjecl the Counties of Surrey and MiJd/ssex, Jfd "otRto.bc

or either or them, to the Repair or Support thereof. 0UJl y n KC*

X. And, for preserving the said Bridge from wilful or malicious Damage, and preventing all Inter- Damaging the

ruptions to the Building thereof, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or Bnd8e* ffc*

maliciously pjll down or otherwise dcitroy, or cause to be pulkd down or otherwise destroyed, the said deemsd f clon/%

Bridge, or any Part thereof, or shall willuily, maliciously, and without Authority from the said Com-

miihoners, or any Five or more of them, remove or take away, or cause to be removed or taken away,

any Materials or Things belonging thereto, or {hall unlawfully, wilfully, and maliciously do, or

cause to be done, any'Fifing whereby the said Bridge, or the VVoik or Materials thereof, during the

building of the fame, or afterwards, may be damaged; every such Offender being lawfully convicted

thereof ibali be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported to One of His Majesty’s Colonies

in America for the Space of Seven Years.

XI. And, for better preventing Damage to the said Bridge and the Works thereof, by Persons Damage done bf

navigating Boats, Barges, L'gnieis, or other Vessels, on the said River Tham s, be it further enacted, Boats,&c. tobe

That the Owner or Owners at every Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vefiel, shall be rcfponfible to the made good by the

{aid Commissioners for the Colts of making good any Damage which {hall be done to the said Bridge, vvacr8*

or any Fait thereof, by his or their Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vefiel, or by the Boatmen, Barge-

men, or other Person or Persons navigating the fame, and may be sued accordingly by the said Com-

miilioners in any Court of Record whatsoever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Corporate, and for Feoffees in BodiesCorporate,

Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees whatsoever, cubted to

for and on the Behalf of themselves, their. Heirs and Successors, Infants, 1 flue unborn, Lunaticks, thei[

Jdiots, Femes-covert, or other Ceftuique Trusts, and for all other Persons whomsoever, who are or shall Conrniiffionen.

be seised or pefieffed of, or interested in any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

which the said Commissioners lhal 1 deem necessary to be pulled down, or made use of in Execution

of the afore fa iJ Powers, to contrail and agree with said Commissioners for the Sale thereof, or of any

Fart thereof, or for their Interest therein, and to convey the fame unto the said Commissioners, or as

they shall appoint; and such Contracts, Agreements, and Sales, shall be valid to all Intents and Pur-

poles; any Law, Statute, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the Contrary thereof in anywise

iKitwitkillandir.g; and all such Pcifons are hereby indemnified for making the same.

XIII. And be it fui ther enacted, That if any such Bodies Corporate, Trustee or Trustees, or other Lands, &c. if not

Person or Persons interested in any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, ag^ for, to be

upon a Notice of Fourteen Days from the said Commissioners given or left in Writing, at the Dvvcl- Vilu£d by a JurT

sing-House ol the Chief Officer belonging to any such Body Corporate, or of any such Person or Per- °n Sv-ounly*

fons as aforeLi-i, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession, shall not agree with the said Corn-

imfiaoners for the Sale of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any

Part thereof, or for their Interest therein, or through Disability, by reason of Nonage, Coveiture,

Entails, or other Impediment, cannot make any effectual Agreement, or by reason of Absence shall he

prevented from agreeing; then, and in eve y such Cale, the said Commissioners, or any Five or more

of them, shall inquire, by the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men, what Damages will be

sustained by, anu what Recompence ought to be made to, any such Person or Persons interested in any

such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and shall settle the fame in Manner1

following; (that is to say). The laid Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, are hereby

authoriseii, from Time to Time, to iliue their Precept to the Sheriff’ of the County in which the

Thing to be valued shall lie, thereby requiring hun to impanel, summon, and return a Number of

Persons, being Inhabitants of the particular County, and qualified to serve on Juries, not less than

forty eight, nor more than Seventy-two, at the 'Time and Place in such Precept mentioned, (at which

'l ime and Place a written Notice of Fourteen Days (li d! be given to the Parties interested, in Manner

aforesaid); and out of such of them as shall appear, a Jury of T welve shall be drawn by the said

Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or their Order, in the same Manner as Juries for the

T rial of (dues joined in His Majesty’s Courts at IVcjlminster are, by an Act, past’cd in the T hird Year

of His late Majesty, intituled, At Ac! for the better regulating tf the Juries, directed to be drawn; and

the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorised to swear such Jury, and,

by the Oath of the Lid Jury, shall cause to be enquired into, and afcer’tained, the Value of any such

floules, Buildings, Lanus, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as the said Comouffioners {hall think

Vol. XI. 5 Y necessary

