f

The TITLES of

61. An Act for the better lighting and watching the

Town of Kingston upon Thamesy in the County of Sur-

rey; and for removing and preventing all Obstructions,

Encro achments, and Nuisances therein.

62. An Act for better regulating the Assize and making

of Bread.

63. An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the

better Management of the Affairs of the EaJI India

Company, as well in India as in Europe.

64. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money

to be raised by Exchequer Bills; and to be advanced

and applied in the Manner, and upon the Terms,

therein mentioned, for the Relief of the United Com-

pany of Merchants of England trading to the East

Indies.

65. An Act for explaining Two Acts, made in the

Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the first,

and the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of 1 iis late Ma-

jesty, in relation to the Stamp-duties upon News-

papers.

66. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans,

or Exchequer RilU, foi the Service of the Year One

thousand seven hundred and seventy three.

67. An Act for laying an additional Duty on Paper

printed, painted, or flamed, in Foreign Parts, im-

ported into this Kingdom.

68. An Act to impower the Magistrates therein mention-

ed to settle and regulate the Wages of Pei Ions employed

in the Silk Manufacture within their respective Juris-

diciions.

69. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the

Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

importing Salt from Europe into the Province of

bec in America, for a limited Time.

70. An Act to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-first

Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the

Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the

Exportation of Culm to Li.bon, in the Kingdom of Portu-

gal; and for charging a higher Duty upon Culm ex-

ported thither iri Foreign Shipping.

71. An Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting,

clipping, and other diminilliing the Gold Coin of this

Kingdom.

72. An Act to permit the free Importation of Cod Fish,

Ling, and Hake, caught and cured in Chaleur Bay, or

any other Pa-t of th< Gulph of Saint Lawrence, or on

the Co a ft of Labrador.

73. An Act to continue anJ amend an Act, made in the

Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti-

tuled, An Act for opening and ejlal iijhhig certain Ports in

the Ifands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free

Importation and Exportation of certain Go ods and Alcrchan-

dises; for granting certain Duties to defray the Ex pc, a a of

opening, mat tabling, securing y and improving,such Ports ;

fw ascertaining th Duties to be paid upon the Importation

of Goods from the fend Island of Dominica into this King-

dom; and Jor Je curing the Duties upon Goods imported from

the said Island into any other British ColoEny; and for al-

lowing l imber and Wood to be exported from the

said liland of Dominica into any other of the British

Islands, Colonies, or Plantations in America^ for a

limited Time.

74. An Act for the better ascertainirg the Tonage and

Burthen of Ships a d Vefltls importing and expoiting

Goods into and from his Kingdom or hovering upon

the Coasts thereof; for amending lo much of an Aht,

made in *he last Session of Parliament, for lowering the

Duty payable upon the Importation of UakBaik, as

the STATUTES.

relates to the suing for the Penalties and Forfeitures

thereby inflicted in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland;

for appropriating the Duty on Oak B rk, granted by

the said Act; and for obviating Doubts which have

arisen with respect to the allowing the Drawback upon

certain Callicoes; and the Bounty upon British-made

Cordage exported to the Islands of Madeira, the Canary

Islands, and the Azores or Western Islands*

75. An Act for enabling Johny Robert, James, and TVil*

ham Adamy to dispose of several Houses and Buildings

in the Parishes of Saint Martin in the Fields and Saint

Alary le Boney in the County of Middlesex, and other

their FtFcdts, by Way of Chance, in such Manner as

may be most for the Benefit of themselves and Creditors.

76. An Act to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy

Lieutenants, and Officers ctfnhe Militia, or others, who

have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifica-

tions within t! e l ime limited by Law; and for giving

.further Time for those Purposes.

77. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of

Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying cer-

tain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of th:

Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three ;

and for further appropiiating the Supplies granted in

this Session of Parliament; and for paying to J:h/i

Harrison a further Reward for his Invention cf a 1 bee-

keeper for ascertaining the Longitu le at Sea, and his

Discovery of the Piinciples upon which the fame was

construdlcd.

78. An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act

of Parliament, the Statutes now in being, for the

Amendment and Preservation of the Publick Highways

within that Part of Great Britain called England, and

for orner Purposes.

79. An Act for the more effectual preventing the forging

of the Notes or Bills of the Governor and Company ot*

the Bank of England; and for the preventing the ob-

taining a false Credit, by the Imitation of the Notes or

Bills of the said Governor and Company.

80. An Act to repeal an Act, made in the 7'enth Year

of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, In Alt

for the better preservation of the Game within that Part of

Great Britain called England; and for making other

Provisions in lieu theicof.

81. An Act for the better Cultivation, Improvement, and

Regulation, of the Common AraMe Fields, Wastes,

and Commons of P-ddurr, in this Kingdom.

82. An Act for the better Regulation of Lying-in H To-

tals, and other Places, appropriated for the charitable

Reception of picgnant Women; and also to provide

for the Settlement of Bafturd Cnilurcn, borri in such

HospitHs and Places.

83. An Act for building a Bridge across the River of

I homes, trom Richmond, in the County of Surrey. to

the oppofire Shore, in the County of Aliddicfex, and to

enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the

1‘y.rry at Richmond to certain Persons therein men-

tioned.

An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act

of Pari iament, the general Laws now in being, for

regulaling the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great

Britain called England; and for other Purposes.

85. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable

Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Commons or Wa le

Grounds, in the Township of Gowdall, in the Parish

of Snai:by in the County of York, and for draining anrj

preserving the lame.

PUBLIC

