7 i2 C. 40.

Anno idedmotertio 'Gfidkoh 1th

cause* for bor-

rowing M:ney.

Not to »flV& the

Creditors under

the former Act.

What Sums

A; D. 1773.

XII. And be it further enacted1 by the Abtharity aforesaid, That it shall ants may be lawful to and

for the Commissioners of the said Second District, or aoy Seven or more of them, to borrow, take up,

and receive, any Sum or Sums of Money that they shall think proper, upon the Credit of the said'

Kate or Tax of One Shilling an Acre charged by the said former Act ; and also from and after the

Commencement of the said Rate or Tax of One Shilling and Sixpence an Acre, to be charged upon

the Lands and Grounds within the said Second DMlrict by virtue of this Acr^ to borrow, take of, and

receive, upon the Credit of the said Rate or Tax of One Shilling fend Sixpehc^ an Acre; and by

Writing, without Stamp, under the Hands ami Seals of any Seven or more of the said Commissioner?,

to mortgage, charge, assign, convey, or incumber, the said Rates and Taxes, or any Part or Propor-

tion of such Rates and Taxes, with and for the Repayment of the Sums so borrowed, with such

hiterest, at such Times, and with such Provisoes and Conditions of Redemption^, as shall be agreed*

upon; and it shall be particularly set forth in every such Alignment which of the said Rates or

Taxes -shall be charged with the Payment of the Monies so respectively borrowed.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or*

be construed to extend, in anywise to affect, impeach, or lefTen, any Right or Priority of Claim,

which any Person or Persons who have advanced any Money upon the Credit of any former Acts,

Which any Rate, Tax, or Assessment, has been laid upon the Lands to be taxed by virtue of this

Act, now have upon such Lands in respect of such Money so advanced ; but that the said Lands shall,

in the First Place, be liable to the Rates and Taxes charged by the said former Acts, and* to the

Money borrowed thereon ; any Thing m- this Act to the Contrary notwithstanding.

,an oum, XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no more than the Sum of One thousand Pounds

ma/be borrow- shall be borrowed or owing, at any One Time, on the Credit or Security of the said Rate or Tax

of One Shilling an Acre, charged by the said former Act on the Lands and Grounds lying within the

said Second District * and that no more than the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds shall be -

borrowed or owing, at any One Time; on the Credit or Security of the said Rate or Tax of One

Shilling and Sixpence an Acre* charged by virtue of this Act upon the said Second District, and that

the said Rate or Tax of One Shilling an Acre, laid by the said former Act, and the said Rate or Tax

of One Shilling and Sixpence an Acre, charged by this Act upon the Lands and Grounds within the

said District or Division, shall not, during the Time any Principal Monies or Interest shall be due

on the several Securities thereof, be lefa in any One Year than the several Sums charged upon.the said

District by the said former Act, and by this Act respectively.

XV. And be it further enacted. That that the said Mortgages and Securities so to be made by-

the said Commissioners of the said several arid respective Rates and Taxes arising within the said

District, shall and may be assignable oi» transferable by Indorsement on the original Grant or

Security thereof made, or otherwise, without Stamp* to any Person Or Persons whomsoever;

and the Person or Persons to whom such. Assignment or Transfer shall be made, foall and may, from

anJ after th^ Time that the fame is entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, be well and suffici-

ently in titled to such Mortgage Monies and Interest, and all the Moines due and to grow due thereon;

which Entries are hereby required-to be made, on Request, and producing such Assignment, and pay-

ing Two Shillings1 and Sixpente for every such Entry ; and such Assignee and-Assignees shall and may,*

in like Manner, by Indorsement, of otherwise, without Stamp* assign and make over such Mortgage

or Mortgages, and Securities, so assigned as aforesaid; and so toties quoties, as Occasion may require,

every such Assignment or Transfer being entered in such Book, as aforesaid.

X^I. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Rate or Tax of One Shilling an Acre,

charged on the said District by the said former Act, and the said Rate of One Shilling ami Six-

Pence an Acre, charged by virtue of this Act, shall be reflectively chargeable with the Payment of- the

Vincipal Money so to be borrowed by the said Com mi (Boners, and the Jiuereft thereof, mul Avail*

vest in the Creditors of* the said respective Rates or Taxts upon-which the fame shall he so* borrowed ;

and, upon Default of Payment of such Principal Money and interest, and \n>cil the fame, and every

Part thereof, shall be fully satisfied and paid, together with the Colts and Charges occasiontd by the

Nonpayment thereof, the said Creditors, their Executors, A dminift raters, a-ad Assigns, respecti>e)y*

shall have the fame Powers, Rights, and Privileges, of assessing* railing, and recovering, the respec-

tive Rates and Taxes payable by the several Owners and Occupiers of the several Lands and

Grounds within the said Distridt, for or in respect of such Principal Money and Interest, ii* case of

Default of Payment thereof, as the said Corwo'dfion: rs, and their Collectors and Receivers could*

have had, in case such Principal Money and Interest had been regularly and fully paid and fa-

tisficJ. ,

XVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thatthe said principal Sum of One thousand

tht kx>o! *©b« Pounds, so to be raised, borrowed, or received, by the said Commissioners, upon the Credit of the

borrow d onth* said Rate or Tax of One Shilling per Acre so charged upon the said Distrhft by virtue of the said for-

1 a. P r Acrr, ur.er Act, or so much thereof as the said Commissioners (bail find requisite, shall be raised, paid, and

chi^cri by the a,->pi]ic^ by the said Commissioners, for and towards pa\ ing and defraying' the Charges of this prsfent

Act ; and the Residue of the said Sum of One thousand Pounds, so 10 be raised, borrowed, or re-

ceived, by the said Commissioners, upon tn» Credit of tho said Rate or Tax of One Shilling ait

Acre focnaiged by the said former Act, shall* be paid, applied, and disposed of, by* the said Coin-

missioners, and th* ir SucCefibrs, for and towards the Works of the said Distridf, in Ajch Man-

lier as the said Commissionen?, or any Five or more of them, ftialh direct, order, and appoint the

Lune, and to and foi no other Uic, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever*

XVIII. And

Writing* fruy

be without

Stamps.

Persons pofle£-

of Align-

ments mtitled

t> Mortgage

Monies and

IntereA.

Farmer Tax of

j s. per Acrr,

ar.d'the present

Tax of 1 s. 6-d.

per Acre, sub-

j«d to Debts.

A'fcpflrstion of

former Ait.

