A, IX 177S*Anno decimo tertip.Georgii III. - C, 4.0. 709

; . r.: ‘

An Act for amending and -rende^Wg; an1made in Twnty-TtventK

Year of the Reign of His late Majesty' intituled, An ALi for

di[charging the Corporation of the Governor^ Bailiffsy 4n4, Commonalty, of the Company of

Conservaiors of the Great Level of the F'ens, commonly coiled Bedford Level% from a Debt

due to the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln; and for enabling the Proprietors of

Lands in the Nottb L'veK Part of the fafd Great LeveI> /o raise Money to difehafge thi

Proportion of the said North Level in the Debts of the said. Corporation \, and for ascertain*

ikg, and appropriating the Taxes to be laid on the /aid North Level; and for the more effectual

draining and preserving the fdid North Levety and divers Lands adjoining theretoin tht

Manor of Crowland ;/ so. fac ias the (fame relates to the federal Fen Lands Tying in the

Second 0iftri£t in the said Act described. ,

€ \\f HEREAS by an A#, made in the Twenty-feirenth Year dFfcJjc Rei|tl oft Hislate

c VV jesty &*ng George the Second* intituled, An As! far klife barging \fht^Conpckration of the Gover- act *7 Geo, It.

Vwrt Bailijfsy and Gvmmemiky, tf the Company of Gonforvators of the Great Level of the Pent* commdady

4 called Bedford Level, from a Debt clue to the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln; and for enabling.

^ 4he Proprietors of Lanas in' tke North Levels Part of the said Gredl Levels to ratfe Money to.discharge

the Proportion of the fold. North Level in the Debts of the said Corporation \ and for ascertaining and ap-

4 propriatixg the Taxes to be laid on the said North Level; and for the more effeSfuaI draining and.pre-

4 strying the fold North Levels and divers Lands adjoining thereto y in the Manor of Cropland; the Con*-

4 «niftioners therein named, or to be nominaced and appointed, in Manner therein mentioned, ,

4 -or the major Part of them, . were authorised and impotfered to iaffefe, ratev taxv and charge,

4 all and every the Owner and . Owners, Occupier and Occapiets, of'aM and singular the Lands

*and Grounds fttuate and being within th~ Sfeoond District or Division, f(One of the Five

4 Distridts r>r Divisions into which the faiJ North Level was by the‘said A# divided)*, except as

in the Lid A3 isicxcepied; by and with,an equal and proportionabld yearly Rate, Tax, or Sum

4 of One Shillings for every Acre of Land or Ground within the said, Second Distri#, to be paid

4 by the Owners or Occupiers thereof to such Person or <Personsv at such Time or Times, as the

4 said Commissioners for the.Time being, or the m ijor Part of them, should, from Time to Time,

4 order, dire#, or appoint, the fame to be applied and difpafed of, in making Works, Banks, Drains,

4 Mills, and Engines, within tthe said Districf,; necessary for, draining) the fame, anc} for the other

4 Purposes therein-mentioned: And whereas the said Rates and Taxes hade accordingly been ap-

c plied by the CoiVimissioners acting for the said Second District* in pursuance of the Directions given

4; by the said Act,.for and towards the erecting pioper Water Engines, and making Banks, Drains, and

4 other Works, necessary for the proper draining the said District, and in maintaining and keeping

the fame in Repair: And wherdas the said Rate and Tax of One Shilling an Acre, charged on

the said Lands and Grounds in the said Second District, by virtue of the said Act, has not for manjr

4 Years past, by reason of the Wetness of the Seasons, and many Breaches in the North Bank of.

4 Moretons Learn, being the Great Barrier Bank of the said North Level, against the Waters of

4 Northamptonshire and Huntingdonfoire, been sufficient to pay the yearly Expences of the said DistridV

4 Or to defray the Debts which the said Commissioners have been obliged to contract, by reason of

4 such Insufficiency of the said Tax of One Shilling an Acre so charged for the Purposes of the said

4 Distri#: And whereas the said Works already compleated are necessary to be maintained; and,

in order to pay the said Debts so contracted by the said Commissioners, and to carry on thi said

4 Works with Lffeft, and to make other Works, a further Tax is necessary to be charged on all the*

4 Lands within the said Distri#, (except as herein-after is excepted); and the several Owners and

4 Proprietors of the said Lands are willing and desirous that their said Lands should be charged there-

4 with accordingly, in order to raise Money to answer the Purposes aforesaid: And whereas . , . , ^ -

4. such Rate or Fax cannot be laid, nor the said Lands effectually drained and preserved without

the further Aid and Assistance of Parliament;’ may it therefore please Your Majesty that

may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

ailembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and singular the Lands and Grounds, iitc-

ate and being in the said Second Distri# or Division, and every of them, (except such Lands and ^Acie.*

Grounds as in the said former A# are excepted, and exept also all other Lands and Grounds in per

the Parish of Eye^ within the said Second Distri#), shall yearly, and every Year, from and after the

passing of this A#, be, and the fame are hereby rated, taxed, charged, and, aiiefled, with an equal

annual Rate, Tax, or Sum, not exceeding in any One Year the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence

for every Acre of the said Lands and Grounds, over and above the said Rate or Tax of One Shilling

tn Acre, charged thereon by the said former A#.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Rate or Tax, hereby charged on the said Second Distri#, t»x p*yaM* for

shall be, and is hereby laid and made payable for the Space of Fourteen Ye.u-s from the Time of ihc 14 Ytau.

pa fling of this A#, or until the said Debts shall be paid and discharged, by Two equal Half-yearly.

Vol. XI. 4 Y Payments j . -

