i)20 C. 69.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III.

A. E>. 1772.

Collector* to ac-

count Feur

Ximcia Year,

On Death or

■Bankruptcy of

Oftkeis,

legal Reprefeo-

tativ^s to pay

'JMonici remain-

ing in Hand to

the Treasurer j

whose Receipt

shall be.a Dif*

charge.

For want of Dif-Collectors, Officers, or Persons, can be found, sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, as

tress, offender to aif0 the said Forfeitures, and the Charges of distraining and felling the Goods and Chattels so didrained,;

e commute . and jn either of the Cafes aforesaid, such Jpdice shall commit every such Offender to the House

of Corredion, until he or they /hall give or make a twe and perfect Account as aforesaid, or until he

or they shall compound for the fame with the said Com mi (Turners, or any Seven or more of them, an4

/hall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint, which Composition the said

Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby impowered to make; or until he shall deliver

up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, and give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said

Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them.

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Four Times at lead in every Year ail

Account, from the Book or Books to be kept by the Collector or Collectors, of the Sum and Sums of

Money, as shall be so assessed, shall be fairly dated and signed by the Collector or Collectors, syid deli-

vered by him or them to the said Commissioners, who are hereby impowered to give a Discharge to the

said Collector or Collectors, for all such Monies as he or they shall have truly accounted for: Anjd in

case any Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors. Officers, or other Persons, shall happen to

die, or become bankrupt, before he or they shall have fully paid and satisfied all the ponies by him qr

them received by virtue of this Act; then, and in every such Cafe, the Executors, Administrators, Ex-

ecutrix, Administratrix, or other legal Representative or Representatives, Person or Persons, possessing

the Edate and Effects of every such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officer or Offi-

cers, or other Person or Persons, or the Assigneeor Assignees of such Bankrupt, shall, out of such Edate

and Effects, pay unto the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time then being to the said Commissioners,

all such Sums of Money as should be in the Hands of such Persons respectively, a* the Time.of his or

their Death, or at the Time of suing out any Commission of Bankruptcy against him or them, and not

paid over, or so much thereof as the said Edate or Effects will extend to pay, and the Recept of Re-

ceipts of the Treasurer or Treasurers shall be a good Discharge for the said Money; and every Executor

or Administrator, Assignee or Assignees, or other Persons, as aforesaid, may, to any A&ioti or Suit com-

menced or brought against him, her, or them, plead or give in Evidence the Authority of this A& fqr

OnNonpayment, Payment, and shall be allowed the fame prior to any other Debt or Demand whatsoever: And in

Aaions^arybc case of Nonpayment of the fame by the Space of Ten Days after the fame shall have been demanded, jt

^mmenoed. shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to such Commis-

sioners, and he and they is and are hereby directed and required, in his or their own Name or Names,

to commence One or more Action or Actions, in any of His Maftey’s Courts of Record at

against such Executors, Administrators, Assigneeor Assignees, or other Persons, as aforesaid, for the

Recovery of the fame; in which Action, no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One

.Imparlance, shall be allowed.

Treasurertopay LXXX. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer or Treasurers to the Commissioners as

Monies drawn t aforesaid for the Time being, shall and may, and is and are hereby autfrorifed and required, out

.upon him, of the Monies paid to him or them in purfuahee of this Act, to pay all Sums of Money drawn upon

him or them, or ordered to be paid by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, for

and keep a regu- the Purposes of this Act; and the said Treasurer or Treasurers shall and is and are hereby required to

Ur Accountina keep regular and fair Entries, in a Book or Books to be by him or them for tint Purpose provided, of

all and fmgular the Receipts and Payments which he or they shall make on the Account as aforesaid ;

to which Book or Books every , Inhabitant within the Limits of this Act aforesaid shall and may have

free Access, at all convenient Times, and shall be permitted to inspect the fame without Fee or Reward ;

and the said Treasurer or Treasurers shall have the said Account audited and passed by the said Commis-

sioners, or any Seven or more of them, who are hereby impowered and required to audit and pass the

fame.

Cctralffioners LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Actions shall be brought by, or by Or-

^ i^t,defendant ^er Bie Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, against any Person or Persons whatsoever,

for the Recovery of any Money or Monies laid out and expended by the said Commissioners, by virtue

of this Act, or for any Materials, Matters, and Things, fold and delivered by them, or any of their

Officers, by their Order, or for the Recovery of any Rate or Rates, or any other Purpose whatsoever,

and a Verdict shall be had and given against any such Person or Persons against whom such Action or

Actions shall be brought, such Person or Persons shall pay Double Colls; and the said Commissioners,

in such Action or Actions, shall have such Remedy or Remedies for recovering the fame, as any Plaintiff

or Plaintiffs may have for his, her, or their Cods, in any other Cafes by Law.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, (the

Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwise particularly directed), shall be levied and

recovered by Didrcfs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and

Seal of such Justice of*he Peace for the said County of Middhji'x, (which Warrant such Justice is here-

by impowereffand required to grant, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Infor-

Informer deemed mation of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath), and the Informer is hereby rendered

a competent a credible Witness, (which Oaths such Justice is hereby impowered and required to administer; and the

AVitncfc. Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus, (if any be) upon Demand,

to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so didrained and fold, and the Charges of

. fuc h Ditlrefs and Sale being fird deducted, shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Com-

Conrmv.nionert mitiioner?, and shall he applied to and for the Purposes of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful to

tmy icward la- and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven ormore of them, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance

formers. of

to pay Double

Coffi.

Penalties and

Forfeitures how

to be recovered

And applied.

