162 C. 29.

Anno undecimo Georgii III,

A.D. 1771.

Proceeding to

be entered.

b^ e.rpioyed.

Notice of Con

tracts to be

given.

No Member of

the Common

Co jncil to be

concerned in

any Contract*

in which A$ion no Suit, nor Protection, Essoin, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall

be allowed.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted. That all the Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of the said Commis-

sioners, at their said public Meetings, from time to time, shall be entered in a Hook or Books to be kept

for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, and shall be ligned by their Clerk for the time being j and such

Entries shall he deemed and taken to be the original Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners 5

and such Book or Books shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

Perf^ns not free x. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Commissioners may, and they are hereby authorised

h? cry may anj jm powered, from time to time, to employ under them any fit Person or Persons, whether free of the

L'ovc ‘ said City or not, in or about all or any of the Works which they shall cause to be performed, by virtue or

in purfuanre of this Adf, and to contract for the Performance of Inch Works, or any of them, with any

Person or Persons whatsoever, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think fit: And that no Per-

son or Persons who shall be so employed or contracted with, nor any Person or Persons to be set to work by,

or under them, or any of them, shall for any Act done, or to be done, in or about any of the Works afore-

said, be subject or liable to any Action, Indictment, or Information, upon the Statute rrnde in the fifth

Year of her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labour

trs, Servants of Hu/bandry, and Apprentices, or be liable to be sued for any Breach of the Custom of London,

or for any Penalty inflicted by any Bye-law of the said City.

XI. Provided always, 'That previous to the making of any such Contract, Notice shall be given in some

of the Daily Newspapers, that the said Commissioners do intend to make such Contradf, and that all Per-

fons willing to engage therein may make Proposals to the said Commissioners, at a certain Time and Place

in every such Notice to be specified; and all Contradls made, or to be made in consequence of such Notice,

shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Price or Prices to he paid for the fame, and the time or

times when the said Works are to be completed, together with the Penalties to be incurred in case of the

Non-performance thereof, and the fame shall be signed by the Clerk for the time being of the said Com-

missioners, as also by the Person or Persons contradling to perform such Works respectively, and shall be

entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the said Commissioners.

XII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Person being a Member of the Court or

Common Council of the said City, shall be, directly or indirectly, interested, or concerned in any Con-

tract, which shall be made or entered into by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners, for or concerning

any of the said Works to be carried on or performed in pursuance of this Act, or for or concerning any

Materials to be used or employed therein, upon Pain that every such Contract shall be null and void, and

that the Person who, being a Member of the said Court, shall be so interested or concerned therein, shall,

for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall

sue for the same, to be recovered in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the said

City, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, to be commenced within six Calendar Months next

after the Offence committed, in which Action or Suit, no Protection, Ffloin, or Wager of Law, or more

than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person against whom the said Penalty shall be recovered,

shall for ever thereafter be disabled from being elected a Member of the said Court of Common Council.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said CommifEoners may cause such and so many neiv

Sewers, Drains, and Vaults, as they shall think proper to be dug, and made, in, along or cross any of

the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, within the said City and

Liberties, and also any of the Sewers, and public Drains, and Vaults, which noware, or hereafter shall be,

within the said City and Liberties, to be enlarged, widened, deepened, raised/ altered, removed, repaired,

cleansed, or scoured, when and as often as to them shall seem meet; and also may cause all or any of the

said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, to be new-paved, or repaired,

when, and as often, and in such Manner, and with such Materials, as the said Commissioners shall think

fit; and for any of the said Purposes may, from time to time, cause to be dug, carted, and carried out of,

or brought into the said Streets, or Places, or any of them, such Gravel, Stones, Bricks, and other Ma-

terials, as they shall judge necessary, and may likewise cause the Ground thereof to be raised or lowered,

theCourfeof the Channel running in, into, or through the fame, to be turned or altered, and the Water

Pipes which now lie, or hereafter shall be laid under Ground, to be taken up and new laid, in such Places,

Manner, and Form, as they the said Commissioners shall judge belt; and may cause such Posts, Bars, and

Chains, as they shall think useless or inconvenient, to be taken away or removed; and likewise all Steps,

Bulks, Shew-glasses, Shew-boards, Balconies, Windows, Window Frames, and Stall Boards, encroach-

ing upon or extending over the Foot-ways, and also all Steps and Doors opening or leading from the Foot-

ways into Vaults or Cellars to be taken away, removed, or altered; any Thing contained in the AEt of the

nineteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for rebuilding the City of London, to the con-

trary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

> XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared. That no new Sewer, Drain, or

the Drains be- Vault, shall be made, nor shall any Common Sewer, public Drain, or Vault, which is already made, be

longing to samt enlarged, widened, deepened, raised, or altered, in any Manner, by virtue of this Act, so as to commu-

nicate with, or anywise injure, prejudice, or aftedt any Sewer, Drains, Wydraught, or Vault, now be-

Jonging to the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul in London, and which is situate, lying and being in the

Church-yard of the said Cathedral Church, as well without as within the Rails thereof, and which hath

been made for the Use or Benefit of the said Cathedral, and have been and now are kept in Repair by the

Order, and under the Direction of the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Bishop of London, and

Lord Mayor of London for the time being, as Trustees for the Fabritk of the said Cathedral Church, with-

7 out

Sewers, Arc. to

be made, and

the Streets ro be

paved by the

Commissioners.

Not to extend to

nnging

Paul’s Cathc

dral,

c. 000 le

