A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 44; 257

ward : Ami after such Entry made, each and every such Afilgnmentor Transfer shall irctitle such Assignce

or Aifignees, hi?, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof,

and Payment thereon ; and such Assignee or Assignecs may, in like Manner, assign and transfer again, and

so titles quwties \ and it shall not be in the Power of any Person who shall have made such Assignment or

Transfer, to make void, releale, ordischarge the fame, or any Monies thereon due.

XXXViJl. And be it further enacted, That no Preference shall be given to any Person or Persons ad- All Creditor* U

vanning any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of this Act, in respect of the Priority of advancing equa Dc£ret#

Inch Sum or Sums ; but that ail Persons to whom any Mortgages or Arguments Dial I be made as a fore laid,

(ha!!, in proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned, be Creditors in equal Degree one with an-

other.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times here- Pen»lry on ob-

after, obftiuct, hinder, or molclt any Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, who are ^lifting the

or shall beemployed to put this Act in Execution, in the Performance or Execution of his or their Duty,

every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not ex- *

cecding five Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this A& imposed and incurred (for Power of leryiof

the Recovery and Application whereof no particular Method is already directed) shall be levied and reco- Penaltie*.

vered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal,

or Hands and Seals, of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Welt Riding ; which Warrant the

said Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to issue, upon the Information of one or

more Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered

and required to administer, without Fee or Reward) or by any other competent Evidence ; and such Pe-

nalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any) when demanded, to the Per-

son or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained ; the Charges of such Distress being first dc-.

ducted, shall go and be applied for such of the Purposes of this Act as the said Commu'lioners, or any five

or more of them, shall think fit: And in all Actions, Piofecutions, Informations, causes, and Proceedings Inhabitant? miy

whatsoever, relating to and concerning the Execution of this Act, any Inhabitant within the said Township be Witnesses.

may, and shall be admitted to give Evidence of the Rate or Assessment charged as aforesaid upon any such

Inhabitant by virtue of this Act.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, her- Person* ag-

self, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Me- 8ucv^i

thod of Relief is herein appointed, such Person or Persons may, within four Months after the Cause of Ap- ft^thefr

peal shall have arilcn, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace to be Quartej-Sessioni,

nolden for the said Welt Riding, such Appellant or Appellants first giving, or causing to be given, ten

Days Notice at least in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter

thereof, to the said Commissioners or their Clerk, and within ten Days after such Notice entering into Re-

cognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the aforesaid Weft Riding, not interested in the Matter or

Dispute then agitated, with two sufficient Securities, conditioned to try such Appeal at and abide the Or-

der of the Court, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter-Sessions ; and

the said Justices at (iich Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given, ajid of the entering into such

Recognizance as aforesaid, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a

summary Way, and award such Costs to the Party or Parties appealing or appealed against as such Justices

shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter-Sessions shall be binding, final, and conclusive, whose Determi-

to all Intents and Purposes. rjfl bc

XLIi. And be it further enacted, That where any-Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Mo- ^t9efs not

ney to be levied by virtue of this the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or }OT want

Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasseror Trespafiers on account of any Default or Want of Form oi l uim.

in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or

TrcfpalTers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties

distraining ; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the

Special Damage in an Action on the Calc.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Power to tender

Action for any such Irregularity, Trespafs, or other Proceeding, if Tender of sufficient Amends (lull be Amend*,

made by or on Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any

such Irregularity, Trespafs, or wrongful Proceeding, before such Action brought ; and in calc no such

'Fender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any

such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before lfi’ue joined, to

ray into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall fee fit, whereupon such Proceeding or Orders and

Judgements shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant

is di owed to pay Money into Court.

XLIV. And be it further enacted. That no Act or Order of the said Commissioners shall be valid, un- No Art of Com-

less made at f»mc public Meeting, and when five or more of the said Commidinners are present : And every intili>ne« ir^l

such Act or OrJer so made, shall be entered in a Book to be for that Purpose kept by the Treasurer or hut at.Publ c

Clerk to the said Commissioners; which said Book, and all other Books and Entries relating thereto, or Enirics^ohe

which other wise concern or contain any Account or Accounts relative to the Purposes of this Act, shall be miCt and

produced at every public Meeting, to the End that all or any of the Inhabitants of the said Township may, count* to be

if they think proper, infpcct the fame, without Fee or Reward; which said Book or Entries, when sub- prorfuctaatpub-

\ <jL. XL LI feribed ^ Mccun*.

