Penalty on-

N^npymettt

of f axes*

Gamouflfourt

may enter on

and h*Id P re-

mi fes in case of

Nonpayment of

Taxes within

Six Mont ha.

756 C. 46. Anno decirao tertio Georgir m. A.D. 1773,.

Chattels so distra}n*d for the best Price that can be got for the fame, for and towards Satisfaction for

the Monies for Which such Distress (ballbe foXaken, and the Charges of taking, keeping,. appraisinew

and felling the said, Goods and Chattels, leaving the Overplus (if any be) in the Hknds of fuchSheriff,

Under Sheriff,-Constable, or Headborough, for the Owner's tlf:; and the Tenant and Tenants of

-all and Angular the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, which shall be rated and assessed by virtue of ,

this Act, is and are hereby required and authored to pay such Taxes or Rates, and JeJua the fame

‘out of his, her, or their Rent j. and every Tenant paying such Tax or Rate shall be acquitted and

discharged for so much. Money as such Tax or Rate he {hall have so paid shall amount unto, as if the

fame had been aflualty paid to the Person or Persons intitled to the Rent of the said Fen Lands or

Low Grounds*, t

XXVI. And, tO'the End that the full Sum which fear shall be so rated^ taxed, or assessed, may be

duly answered and paid*. be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons fhaih

refuse or neglectto pay, or cause to be paid, to the Col led or or Receiver for the Time being, the-

Sum which he, (be, or they* shall be respectively charged withy by virtue of this Act, for the Space

of Tvyo Calendar Months, aifter a personal Demand hath been made thereof by the Lid CoPcdior or

Receiver, every such Person shall pay and forfeit the Sum of Two-pence for every Shilling which (bull

be so in arrear and unpaid ; to be levied by Distress and Sale of his, her, and their Goods and Chattels,

in such Manner as the aforesaid Taxes, Rates, or Assessments themselves, are herein and hereby direct!-

ed to be levied •*, and the Money so forfeited and levied shall be applied towards carrying on the said

Works of Draining, and other the Purposes ofCfhis Ad.

XXVII, And whereas it may sometimes happen, that font* of the Lands and Grounds hereby made

chargeable with the several Rates and Taxes as aforesaid may be untenanted for a considerable 7'ime, and

no Goods or Chattels may be found of the Owner or Owners thereof, so that no Distress can be taken

for levying the said Taxes or Rates : Therefore, for the enforcing the Payment thereof in such Cafes,

be it further enacted, That where any of the said Rates or Taxes shall be rn.arrear and unpaid by the

Space of Six Months after the fame (hal) become due or payable, and no sufficient Distress can be

found ujjon the Lands or Grounds charged, therewith, or of the Own r or Owners thereof, then it

shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or mo;eof them, or any other Pei fort

or Persons to be authorised by them, to enter, into and upon, have, hold,.pofll fs, and enjoy, the said

Lands ami Grounds for which the said Rate* o;r Taxes shall be so in arrear and unpaid, and receive

Said take the Rents, Blues* and Profits thereof, until thereby or therewith the said Rates and Taxes

due for the fame, and the Penalties incurred for. the Nonpayment thereof, as aforesaidxand albCofts*.

Charges, and Expencesv that shall be occasioned by. or attending such Entry upon, or Perception

of the Rents and Profits of the fame Premises respetflively, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

* XXV1LL Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this AdYconuined shall extend, or be construed

to extend, to charge such of toe Lands and Grounds, within the Limits aforesaid* as are High

Lands, and not subje£t to be drowned or overflown with. Water, with any.Taxes or Rates to be

aliened* rated, taxed, or charged on.the said Lands and Grounds by virtue of this Act; nor shall the

Powers and Authorities hereby given to the said Commissioners for putting this A St in Execution, or

any of them, extend to such High Lands not subject to be drowned or overflown with Water, other-

wife than to impower the said CommifEoners to scour out, cleanfc,. make, and preserve the Boundary.

Dikes, Ditches, and Banks, already made*, or to be made and included within the Limits- aforesaid

any Thing in this Act contained to tho Contrary thereof notwithft* nding,

XXIX. And, for the better ascertaining of such High Lands, it is hereby further eni£Icd, That

Roltrt Jthnfon of WhittLfty, in the /Jle of Ely and County of Cambridge, Gentleman, John Garner of

the same Place, Gentleman*., and Daniel Plummer of Fdrcet Fen, in the said County of Huntingdon,

Gentleman, or their Successors, (to be nominated and appointed as is hemp-after direfled), or any

Two of them, shall and may, at any Time after the patting of this A&, view and survey, the said fe-

veral Lands and Grounds within the Limits aforesaid, and adjudge and determine which Parts thereof

are High Lands, and not subje£itn be drowned or overflown with Water*

XXX. Provided always. That if the said Robert Johnjcn, John Garner, and Daniel Plummer s or any

Two of them, shall and do make their-Award in Writing touching the Premises, under their Hand*

and Seals, and deliver the fame within Six Calendar Months next after the patting of this A<fl, to the

said Commissioners* or any Five or more of them, at a Meeting to be held in pursuance of this A&

and if they the said Robert Jobn/on, Jfhn Garnerand Daniel Plummer, or any Two of them, do

and shall verify such Award, upon Oath, before the faiJ Commissioners, or any Five or more of them,

at such Meeting* (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any One or more of them, is and are here-

by impowered and required to administer) ; . that therv the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of

them, shall, as soon as conveniently may be after such Meeting, cause the said Award to be entcrci

and inrolled with the Cleric of the Peace for the said County of Huntingdon, (for whit h Entry or In-

rolment the Sum of Two pence for every Seventy-two Words is to be paid, and no more) ; and that

from and immediately,after such Entry and'Inroiment, the said Award shall be blinding and conclufivo

to all Parties concerned therein.

XXXI. Provided always, and.be it ena$ed, That

John Garner, and Daniel Plummer, or any Two of th-n

veyors, others to herei n-before directed for their completing the said Awaid, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for

batbefea* the said Committloners, or any Five or more of them, at a Meeting to be held in pursuance of this

Ail,., to nominate and appoint One or more Person or Persons, in the Place and Sxead.ofofuch of the n

the

Hi a Lands

exempted from

Paym ul ol

Taxes.

1 foes appoint-

ed to a!cerUi:s

High

Award to Vt.

made in Six*.

Months*

On Death of

the above Sur-

t in case of the Death of the said Robert Johnfonf

i:m, or Refusal or Neglcil to act by the Time

