A.D. 1773- Anno decimo tertio Geohoii III.

C. 49. 775

said Clerk or Clerks shall cause an Entry or Memorial thereof to be made, containing the Date of fich

Alignment or Transfer, Names of the Parties thereto, and the Sum or Sums of Money therein men-

tioned to be assigned or transferred, in the said Book or Books to be be kept for entering the said ori-

final Mortgages and Assignraents, for which he or they shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and

ix-pence, and no more; and that, after such Entry made, such Alignment or Transfer shall intitle

the Assignee or Assignees to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon ; and that every such Assignee or

Assignees shall and may, in like Manner, from Time to Time, assign or transfer; and all and every Credltor^epmcd

Person and Persons to whom such Mortgage, Transfer, or Assignment, shall be made as aforesaid, equal in Degrte.

shall be, in proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned. Creditors on the said AfiefTments,

Rates, and Sums of Money, in equal Degree One with another, and shall have no Preference in re-

spect to the Priority of advancing any such Money ; and that the said Money, when borrowed, shall

be applied for and towards the paying and defraying the Charges of pairing this Act, and for and

towards the p lying and discharging of all and every of the said Debts so contracted by the fai l

Commissioners as aforesaid, with the Interest thereof, and to or for no ocher Use, Intent, or Purpose

whatsoever.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the said Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Rates tote

Money, by virtue hereof assessed upon the said Lands, shall be charged and chargeable with and for Jiable th*

the Payment of all and every such Sum and Sums of Money so to he borrowed afc aforesaid, and the Mohey 10 bot-

Interest thereof, and shall vtft in the respective Creditors, upon Default of Payment of such prin- rowe

cipal Money and Interest, until the fame shall be fully paid and satisfied, together with the Colls and

Charges occasioned by the Nonpayment thereof ; and the said Creditors respectively, and their re-

spective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have the fame Rights and Privileges of railing

and recovering the Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money, payable by the said Owners or Occupiers of

the said Lands, for and in refoeft of such principal Money and Interest, if Default shall be made in

Payment thereof, as the said Commissioners, or their Receiver or Receivers, could have had, in case the

said principal Money and Interest had been regularly paid.

XII. Provided, and be it further enacted. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be Thi* A<St not t*

construed to extehd, to affect, impeach, or lessen, any Right or Priority of Claim, which any Person prejudice the

or Persons, who have advanced Money on the Credit of any former Act, now have upon the said Mortgages «n

Lands in respect of such Money so advanced ; but that the said Lands shall, in the first Place be liable the former Att.

to the Rates and Taxes charged thereon by any former Act, and the Money borrowed thereon ; any

Thing herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Mortgage, Assignment, Writings may be

Transfer, or other Security for borrowing Money, or Assignment of such Mortgage or Security, or without Stamp*,

any Contraft, Warrant, Judgement, or other Writing, in pursuance of or relating $0 the Execution

of this Act, shall be charged with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any CommifTiooets

Seven or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby impowered to appoint One or more to appoint

Clerk or Clerks, Receiver or Receivers of the said Assessments, Taxes, Rates, and Sums of Money, Clerks, &e.

with such reasonable Salaries as they shall think proper 5 and shall and may, from Time to Time,

remove any such Clerks or Receivers, and appoint others in the Room of such of them as shall be

so removed, or shall die ; and that every Receiver so to be appointed as aforesaid, before he shall act in

the Execution of his Office, shall give such Security to the said Commissioners for the due Execution

thereof as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more, shall think proper ; and that all and every Receivers to tire

such Receiver or Receivers shall account and produce to the said Commissioners his or their Vouchers Security, tnd to

for all such Sum ot Sums of Money as he or they shall receive or pay, by virtue of his or their account i

said Office or Offices, at their First Meeting next after the First Monday in July in every Year, and

shall pay over the Balance of such Accounts remaining in their Hands, it any such there* be,

unto the said Commissioners there assembled, or as they, or the major Part of them shall direct

and appoint.

Xv. Provided, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Re- onRcfufalor

ceiver or Receivers shall neglect or refuse to account for any Sum or Sums of Money by him or them Nfgicatoac-

received in pursuance of this Act to the said Commissioners, at their said First Meeting next after the count, may be

First Monday in July in every Year, and to pay over the Balance remaining in his or their Hands committed by a

to the said Commissioners there assembled, or as they shall appoint; then, and in either of the said JuftK*#

Cafes, it shall and may be lawful to anJ for Two or more Justices of the Peace of or for the Isle

of Ely, not imerefted, to esquire of and concerning such Neglect or Refusal ; and if any such Re-

ceiver or Receivers shall be convicted thereof, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or

Witnesses, then the said Justices shall, upon such Conviction, commit such Receiver or Receivers to

the Common Gaol of the said Iile, there to remain until he or they shall have made a full, true, and

perfect Account, and Payment, as aforesaid.

XVI. And, to the End that it may appear clearly what is raised fiom Time to Time by virtue of Rate* to be wi-

the said Assessments or Rates, and how the fame have been applied, and that all Accounts relating to in Books,

the Monies raised and disbursed by virtue of this Act may be fairly examined ; be it further enacted

by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall order and cause a Book of Assessments

to be made and kept, and all the Rates and AfTellrnents made as aforesaid under this Act to be fairFy

entered therein ; and also a Book of Accounts to be made and kept, and an Account of all the Re- ln(l Acco,ntlof

ceipts and Disbursements relating to all Monies received and disbursed by virtue of this Act, to be Receipts^*0

5 G 2 fairly Di/buifancms.

