454 C. 34, 35. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1772.

Due Entry to be II. Provided always, and be it further tna£Ied by the Authority aforesaid, That a due Entry shall be

made attheCuf- made, in such Manner and Form as were used or practised before the making of this Act, of all Wheat,

jomhouse Wheat Flour, Rye, and Rye Meal, and Indian Corn, which shall be imported or brought into this

Por8t?nto°whkb Kingdom, by virtue of this Act, before the said First Day of December, One thousand seven hundred

<be fame Hull be and seventy-two, at the Custom-house belonging to the Port into which the fame shall be imported or

ijnpoited, on brought in ; or otherwise, in Default of making such Entry, such Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, and Rye

P-ityofbcin, Meal, and Indian Corn, ft all be liable and subject to such and the fame Duties as were payable upon

the'ufu^Dut^ Importation .thereof before the making of this Act, any Thing herein contained to the Contrary

formerly ^akd. notwith (landing.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to amend an Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for build-

ing a Workhouse in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the City of Westmin-

fter3 in the County of Middlesex.

*mnible. * \ X 7-H ERE AS by an A& of Parliament made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-

Jtd 10Geo. m. 4 W jesty, the Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Vestrymen of the Parift of Saint

4 Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of Westminster, are appointed Trustees for building a Work-

* house within the said Parift, and for executing the several other Purposes of the said Act: And where-

*4 ns the said Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, but are unable to complete the

4 several Works aforesaid, by reason of a Clause therein, by which they are restrained from borrowing

4 more thart the Sum of Six thousand Pounds for the Purposes of the said Act: In order therefore to

The CUufe In 4 enable the said Trustees to carry the said Act into Execution, May it please Your Majesty that it may

the former Act * be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-

^rhieh reftrama sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the borrowing the Authority of the same. That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the Clause in the

»Trakdn 6°°01, recite<l act as restrains the said Trustees from borrowing more than the Sum of Six thousand Pounds

* * for the several Purposes of the said Act, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed and made void,

rncetando^ II* And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may

faTth^ meet together in the Vestry-room belonging to the said Parift o f Saint Martin in the Fields, or in some

•Sum of Monty other convenient Place within the said Parift, upon Monday next after the passing of this Act, and shall

flull be raised and may then, or at any other Meeting or Meetings to be held by them from Time to Time, by virtue

former Act, and this Act, ascertain, order, and direct, what further Sum or Sums of Money

*tin» ^ rajfccl within the Limits of the said Parift for finishing, furnishing, and completing the said

Workhouse, and other Buildings directed to be built and completed by virtue of the said Act, and for

.defraying the several Expences attending the carrying into Execution the several Purposes of the said

former Act and of this Act; which said Sum and Sums of Money so authorised to be raised, from Time

to Time, as aforesaid, shall and may be raised by the fame Methods, and by such Ways and Means, as

ftFe prescribed in and by the said recited Act for raising Money for the several Purposes thereof.

ExpeflCAAf HI. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act of

hJw ^bc de-* Parliament shall be defrayed out of any Money already raised, or which shall hereafter be raised by vir-

frgyed. tue of the said former Act, and this Act.

*«blkkA& IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and

shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whonifo-

ever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for enabling Their Majesties to enfranchise Copyhold Lands holden of the Manor

of Richmond, in the County of Surrey, and for enabling His Majesty to shut up a Lane

leading from Richmond Green to the River Thames, and to fell and exchange certain Lands

within the Manors of Richmond and Wimbleton.

* E AS His Majesty, being seised in Right of His Crown of the Manor of Sheene, other-

4 T V wife IVeJl Sheene, otherwise in the County of Surrey, did, by Letters Patent under

* the Great Seal, bearing Date the Fourth Day of October% in the Tenth Year of His Reign, grant the

‘ said Manor to His Royal Consort Queen Charlotte, during the Term of Her natural Life, at the an-

4 cient reserved yearly Rent of Twenty Pounds : And whereas it may be convenient to Their Majesties

4 to enfranchise the Copyhold Estates, holden of the said Manor, but such Enfranchisement cannot be

4 made without the Aid of Parliament: And whereas His Majesty, in Right of His Crown, or some

A Person or Persons in Trust for His Majesty, is or are seised of a Farm confiding of a Messuage, Out-

4 buildings, and Thirty-eight Acres of Land, or thereabouts, situate within the Manor of Wimbleton^ in

4 the said County of Surrey; and it would be convenient to His Majesty to have a Power of felling or

4 exchanging the said Farm, and also divers Estates belonging to His Majesty in the said Manor of

f Sheene^ aotherwise West Sheene, otherwise Richmond, for other Estates more conveniently fituatebe it

I therefore

L^ooooLe

