pwbkCottf

Preamble*

Act 7-Geo. Ill

for completing

HI ackfri.tr j«

bridge*

C. 25, 26. Anna undecimo Georgii III. A.D. 1771.

diet or Demurrer against tTie Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Double Costs*

and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants bath Qr have in other Cafes by

Law, for Recovery of his or their Costs.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for railing,a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bill's, for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven.hundred and seventy-one. i,$oo,oooo/.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for further continuing the Tolls upon London Bridge, for the Purposes therein men*

tioned •, and for impowering the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London*

in Common Council assembled* in certain Cafes, to grant Licences to Persons possessed of

Terms for Years, of and in Houses described in an Act of the seventh Year of his present

Majesty, to build upon and inclose Part of the Ground and Soil of the Streets in the Front

of their said Houses.

€s TXT HERE AS by an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled*

. ‘ VV An All for completing the Bridge croft the River Thames, from Blackfriars in the City of London*

4 to the opposite Side in the County of Surry, and the Avenues thereto on the London Side; for redeeming the

‘ Tolls on we said Bridge* and on London-bridge ; for rebuilding the Gaol ^/Newgate, in the said City ; for

4 repairing the Royal Exchange* within the same yfor embanking Part of the North Side of the said River*

4 within certain Limits 5 and for further^ continuing, towards those Purposes, the Imp cfit ion of Sixpence per

4 Chaldron, or Ton, of Coals and Culm, imported into the Port of the said City, ejtabiijhed by an Art of the

4 fifth and sixth Tears of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary ; and also for carrying on the new Pave-

4 menu in the City and Liberties of Westminster, and Parijfes adjacent, and in the Town and Bore ugh of South-

4 wark and for other Purposes therein mentioned; the Sum of thirty thousand Pounds was granted and di-

4 rested to be applied to and for the Redemption of the prescriptive Tolls, to which the PjfL-e over Lon-

4 don-bridge was then subject, and to and for the Purchase of the Lease thereof; the Reliduc, afeer such

4 Purchase, to be placed out at Interest, upon such Government or real Securities, or laid cut in the Pur-

chafe of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the

4‘ said City, in Common Council assembled, should seem meet, in Trust, for or towards the Uses, Intents*

4 and Purposes, which tha said Tolls* or the Rents and Fines then payable in respect thereof, were then

4 applicable: And it was thereby enacted. That the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City

4 of London, should pay to the Persons, and for the Uses therein mentioned, certain Annuities cf eight

4* hundred Pounds, and four hundred and eighty Pounds, redeemable as therein mentioned : And it was

4 thereby further enacted* That all and every the Tolls which then were or should be payable by virtue of

4 any Act of Parliament, or Prescription, for the Passage over the* said Bridge, or for the PafLge over the

4* then intended Bridge at Blackfriarsy mould have Continuance, and be paid and payable to the said

Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, until they should, by and out of the neat Produce thereof, to

4 arise and accrue from and after the twenty-ninth of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy

4 (after deducting the Charges of the Collection thereof, and the Charges which would attend the making

4 and executing, the Bonds thereby directed to be given for securing the Payment of the said Annuities,

‘ and the Charges of obtaining and passing the said Act), receive and be reimbursed all such Sum and Sums

4*of Money as they, should have advanced in Payment of the said Annuities, or for the Redemption thereof,

4 together with Interest for the Money so advanced* at and after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per

Annum $ but that, from and immediately after such Reimbursement should have been made and com-

4 pleted* the said Tolls should cease and determine*and be no longer paid or payable any Law, Statute,

4 or Prescription to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: And whereas the said Alayor and

4 Commonalty, and Citizens* did, on or about the said twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand

4 seven hundred and seventy* treat with- the LefTce of the said Toll^upon London-bridge, foe the Purchase

4 of his said Lease, wherein there were then fifteen Years and three Quarters to come and unexpired, but

4 found hi» Demand grounded-upon the Increase of the said Tolls, imee the patting of the Lid Act, so

4 high, as being deducted out of the said Sum of thirty thousand Pounds, would not leave sufficient for the

4 Purchase or Redemption of the Reverfionand Inheritance thereof: And whereas it is computed that, in

4 order to reimburse the said Mayor and Commonalty* and Citizens, what they are directed by the said

4 Act to advance in Payment of the said Annuities of eight hundred Pounds, and four hundred and eighty

4 Pounds, or for the Redemption thereof, with Interest as aforesaid, and the said Charges, which they are

* by the said in part recited Act authorised to deduct* the said Tolls upon both the said Bridges must have

4 Continuance until Lady-day one thousand (even hundred and seventy-nine* or thereabouts; and that

4 the said Tolls upon London-bridge, if continued till Lady-day one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

4 two, would, together with the fold ’Sum of thirty thousand Pounds, and the Interest or Produce thereof

4 ut the mean, lime* after making good and completing such. Reimbursement^ be a sufficient Fund for

4 purchasing the then remaining Term of the said Lease of the Tolls ior the Paffiige over London-bridge,

4 and the Reversion. and Inheritance thereof;.’ May u therefore please your Majesty, upon the Petition of

» the

