356 C. 17.

Anno duodecimo Georgii llfcl

A. D* 177-2.

CommiflTsoner*

at the annual

Meetings may

adi«urn from

Time to l ime,

Rate' may be

leflcnecl with

Confrnt of

Trustees and

Creditors.

Rates andDu-

XXXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be in the Power of the said

Commissioners, or the Majority of them, so assembled at such annual General Meetings, to adjourn

themselves, from Time to Time, as they shall fee Cause; and also that it shall be in the Power of tho

said Trustees, at all Times, to call Meetings of the said Commissioners, by Advertisements for that

Purpose, published atleaft Fourteen Days before the Day of such Meeting, in all the Glasgow News-

papers, for the Time being; and that no Business shall be proceeded on at any of the said Meetings,

unless there be Seven Commissioners at least present; and that all Qucitions shall be determined by Plu-

rality of Voices.

XXXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Comrpissioners, or any Eleven

or more of them, at General Meetings as aforesaid assembled, may, and they are hereby impowered,>

by and withr the Confehtof the said Trustees, and Lenders of Money, to lessen and reduce thfc aforesaid

Rates and Duties granted* by this Act, as they shall judge reasonablfc and expedient, and the State of

the Rates and Duties aforesaid will permit.

XL. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That from and after the Repayment out of

tie* to cease on the Rates, Duties, and Forfeitures aforesaid, of all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be

Mone^orrow- borrowed or advanced by the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, and applied in Terms thereof, with

ed,°ney orrow' the legal Interestfrom the respective Terms of borrowing and advancing the fame, the Rates and Du-

ties hereby granted and impoled.shall cease and determine.

Saving the Ju- XLl. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authoriry aforesaid, That nothing in this Act con*

rifdittions of the tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to tal;e away, alter, abridge, lessen, change, or intrude

City of Glas- upon any Jurisdiction or Power of the Magistrates and Council of the City of GIafgoiv> and Corpora-

RMu^of Lord* tion> *n anc* ab°ut or concerning the Harbour, Docks, Piers, and Quays, built, or to be built, as afore-

fSM*aors. 9 and also saving and feferving to the said Magistrates and City Council, and to the said Robert

Hamilton, his Heirs and Assigns, and to all other Lords of Baronies, and to all other Bodies Politick

ot Corporate, and other Persons, all their legal Right, Estates, and Interests, in the Premises aforesaid.

Magistratef, Ac. XLII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Magistrates,.

of Dumbarton Town Council, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Dumbarton, shall have and enjoy all Privileges,

to enjoy former Immunities, and Exemptions, at the Port, and in the Harbour, of Port Qlafgow, to which they were

rmieget. intitled before the passing of this Act, by virtue of any Contrafts or Agreements between the said City

of Glasgow and the said Borough of Dumbarton, in the same Manner, and as fully and effectually, as

the said Magistrates, Town Council, and Inhabitants of the said Borough of Dumbarton, were, before,

the passing of this Act, intitled to, at the aforesaid Port and Harbour; any Thing in the said Act to the

Contrary notwithstanding.

A& may be XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Suit or Action shall

pleaded in Ac- be commenced against the said Magistrates and Council, or their Successors, or any other Person or

tions brought in Persons, for’any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in such Suit or.

purfuante there- y^ftion may produce this Act, and plead that the said Things were done in pursuance, and by the Au-

# thority of this Act: And if it shall appear so to be done, that then the Defendants shall be absolved from

every such Suit, Action or Actions, and shall have Treble Costs and Expences in the Defence thereof

awarded to them, from and against the Prosecutor or Prosecutors of the fame.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sheriffs, Justices of the Peace,

Judges and Magistrates, with their Officers, Messengers at Arms, and all other Officers and Execu-

tioners of the Law whatsoever, and every of them, are hereby required to be aiding and assisting in put-

ting this Act into due and effectual Execution: And that this Act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed, in.

all the Courts of Law and Equity as a Ptiblick Act, and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to

take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

Sheriffs, Sec. t«

assist in the

Execution of

the Act.

Public]* Act.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for lighting such Part of the Town of ljlington as lies in the Parish of Saint Mary%

lfiington, in the County of AGddltfcn* and for establishing a regular Nightly Watch

therein*.

tTTHEREAS such Part of the Town of ljlington, as lies in the Parish of St Mary> ljlington, ia

W. lhe County of Middlesea-, is very populous and extensive, and daily increasing; and, from its

4 Situation, the Inhabitants thereof are exposed to frequent Murders, Robberies, Burglaries, and other

Outrages: And whereas the lighting such Part of the said Town, and establishing therein a proper

and well-regulated Nightly Watch, would greatly contribute to remedy those Evils, and render the

4 Inhabitants thereof more fate and secure in their Persons and Property: And whereas by the Laws

4'now irv being the said Inhabitants are not authorised and impowered to raise Money for efrefting and

‘ carrying into Execution those good and salutary Purposes: May it therefore please Your Majesty that

4 *it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflem-

; bled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Vicar and Churchwardens of the said Parish of Saint

CommissioMrt Mary? ljlingun, for the Time being, together with Roger Jltbam> Charles Ambrose> Nathaniel Eift>opy

Clauds

,

