The TITLES of the STATUTES.

Lion Strcely lying contiguous to the fa id Fields, and for

removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and

. Obstructions therein.

13. An Act to explain a Clause in an Act of the lars Session

of Parliament, for better supplying the City of Worcester,

and the i^iherties thereof, with Water; and for better

paving and lighting the said City ; and for removing and

preventing all Ohitructions and Annoyances therein.

14 An Act for the belter regulating the Poor within the

City of Oxford.

15. An Act for the better paving that Part of the High

Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary Matfellon, otherwise

. ll'bitechafcly which lies in the County of Middlesex^ and

for removing Obfiruciions and Annoyances therein.

>i6# An Act to enable his Majesty to license a Playhouse

in the Town of Livcrpooley in the County Palatine of

Lancaster.

>17. An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act of the

sixth Year of his present Majesty, for paving the Town

and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry% as

relates to the Commissioners of Sewers; and for regu-

lating the Manner of taxing Churches, and other public

Buildings, within the Limits of the said Act.

18. An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qua-

lify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to in-

demnify Justices of the Peace and others who have omit-

ted to regilter their Qualifications, within the Time

limited by Law; and forgiving further Time for those

Pur poles.

19. An Act for amending certain of the Mile-ways leading

to Oxford; for making a commodious Entrance through

the Parish of Saint Clement \ for rebuilding or repairing

Magdalen Bridge; for making commodious Roads from

the said Bridge through the University and City, and the

Avenues leading thereto; for cleansing and lighting the

Streets, Lanes, and Places, within the said University

and City, and the Suburbs thereof, and the said Parish

of Saint Clement; for removing Nuisances and Annoy-

ances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future;

for impowering Colleges and Corporations to alienate

their Lllates there ; for removing, holding, and regu-

lating Markets within the said City, and for other Pur-

polls.

20. An Act to enable Lunatics intitled to renew Leases,

their Guardians and Committees, to accept of Surren-

ders of old Leases, and grant new ones.

21. An Act for paving trapping Street, in the County of

Middlesex, and the Several Streets and Passages leading

into the fame ; and for removing all Encroachments and

. Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the

future ; and for opening a Passage from Hermitage Street

' into Nightingale Lane ; and for.paving such Passage, and

the Fall Side of Nightingale Lane.

22. An Act to amend and render more effectual several

Acts ma ic relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting the

Squares, Streets, I.ar.es, ami other Places, within the

C,tv and L'bcrty of IVejhnirJler^ and Parts adjacent.

23. An Act for paving and regulating R fin ary Laney from

the Parish of Saint Align: e, to Cable Street; also

the said Calle Street, the Footpath in Back Lane, Part of

the Precinct of tVe'-l Clef, the Street leading from Night-

ingale Lane to Rate life Cross, Butcher Riv, and Brook

Street, and the several Streets, Lancs, and Passages open-

ing into the fame ; and for removing all Obstructions and

Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the

future.

2.j. An Act for licensing an additional Number of Hackney

.Coaches, and applying the Monies arising thereby. /

7

2j. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and seventy-one.

26. An Act for further continuing the Tolls upon London

BridgCy for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for

impowering the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of

the City of Londony in Common Council assembled, in

certain Cafes, to grant Licences to Persons posselled of

Terms for Year*, of and in Houses described in an Act

of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, to bui’d upon

and inclose Part of the Ground and Soil of the Streets

in the Front of their said Houses.

27. An Act for regulating and improving the Fisheries in

the River Tweedy and the Rivers and Streams running

Into the fame; and also within the Mouth or Entrance

of the said River.

28. An Act for punishing Offences committed by Hack-

ney Coachmen and Chairmen, within certain Diffridts

and Places therein mentioned; and for renewing the Re-

giftry of Carts and Carriages.

29. An Act for consolidating, extending, and rendering

more eftldtual the Powers granted by several Acts of

Parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and

cleansing the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the

City o f London, and Liberties thereof; and for paving,

cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Squares,

Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places; and pre-

venting and removing Obltrudtions and Annoyances

within the same.

30. An Act for cleansing and lighting the Sjtreets of the

Town of South Leithy the Territory of Saint Anthony s,

and Yard Heads thereunto adjoining, and for supplying

the several Parts thereof with fresh Water.

31. An Act for the Encouragement of the White Herring

Fishery.

32. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloth-

ing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called

England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day

of Marchy one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one;

for indemnifying the Landholders of the Isle of Height

fiom the Payment of the Monies due by virtue of an Act

of the ninth Year of his present Majesty; and, for other

Purposes therein mentioned.

33. An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and

watching the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passa-

ges, within the Parish of Saint John, Clerkenzvelly in the

County of Middlefxy and for removing Obstrudtions and

Annoyances therein.

34. An Act for enabling certain Persons to inclose and em-

bank Part of the River Thamesy adjoining to Durham

Tardy Salisbury Street, Cecil Street, and Beaufort Build-

ingsy in the County of Middlesex.

35. An Act for reducing into one Act of Parliament the

several Laws relating to the Keeping and Carriage of

Gunpowder, and for more effectually preventing Mif-

chiefs by keeping or carrying Gunpowder in too great

Quantities.

36. An Act for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fe-

veral Streets, and other Passages, on the South Side of

the City of Edinburghy and for removing Nuisances and

Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the fame for the

future.

37. An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Live Cattle, and

other Flesh rrovisions, from Great Britain, for a limited

Time.

38. An Act for the better Support and Establishment of the

Greenland and Whale Fishery.

39. An Act to amend an Act made in the last Session of

Parliament,

U»

