220

C. 36.

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1771.

Roads exempted

from lighting,

cleansing, or

watching, till

futhcient Funds

arjfc.

lamps to be

Nicolson's House, and the Rond from the Gate entering from the Poor-house to the Meadow westward to the

Two-penny Cu/fomy in which two Roads or Streets, it {hall be in the Power of the Commissioners for the

several Districts within which they lie, to erect Lamps at the Distance of one hundred Feet from each

other: Provided, That such District shall make it appear to the next annual General Meeting of the Com-

missioners, that their Funds levied in virtue of this Act, at the Rate of Sixpence Sterling for each Pound

Sterling of the real Rent of such District, cannot afford to have them placed nearer each other, after an-

fwering the Expence of the other Purposes thereof.

4 XV. And whereas the Road or Lane lying within the District of Nicolfcris Park, called Back Row%

4 and the Road lying at the Back of the City Wall, from that Part thereof where the North End of Nicof-

4 son’s Street joins the fame on the East Side of Lady Nicolfons House to the Pleafance, are at present not at

4 all, or very thinly inhabited It is hereby provided and enabled. That the Distridf of Nicoljort’s Park

{hall not be obliged to light, cleanse, or watch the said Lancs or Roads, till they {hall be so inhabited as

that they can be lighted, watched, and cleansed, by an Assessment of Sixpence Sterling upon each Pound

Sterling of the real Rent of the Houses therein ; or that it {hall be in the Power of the Distridt, by an Af-

feffment of Sixpence Sterling per Pound, to light, watch, and clean the fame, after answering the Purposes

of this Act in other Parts of the District: Provided always, That it {hall be in the Power of the Inhabi-

tants pofflfting two-thirds of the Valuation of the Diflritl of Nicolfons Park to assess the fame, in Manner

herein after mentioned, for the Purpose of lighting, watching, and cleansing the said two Roads or Lanes,

to any Extent not exceeding one Shilling Sterling per Pound of the real Rent of the whole District : And

provided also. That the Houses, or Inhabitants thereof within the said Road or Lane, called Back Rotu9

and in the said Road leading from the North End of Nicolfons Street, where it joins the City Wall on the

East Side of Lady Ni coif on's House to the Pleafance, {hall not be subject to any AffeiTment by virtue of this

Act, until they are lighted by Lamps at the Distance of one hundred Feet from each other, in Manner

prelcribed by this Act, with regard to the Roads leading along the City Wall, in the District of Tiviot

Row and Lawrieston, and Brijlo and Potter-row, and cleansed and watched as the other Parts of the District.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and each of the Lamps, which presently are, or here-

lighted from the after {hall be erected by or in virtue of this Act, {hall be lighted in the Afternoon of every Day, at such

Hour or Hours as the Commissioners, or a Majority of them, in each Distridt {hall direct and appoint,

APri|Cyearly. from an(* after Day of October in each Year, to the first Day of April then next.

Comm i/lio neri XVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That it {hall and may be lawful to and fora

ofanyDiftria Majority of the Commissioners in each District, to order and direct the Lamps within their several Dif-

mayorder Lamps tridts to be lighted sooner than the first Day of October in each Year, or to continue the lighting of such

to b- sooner, or Lamps longer than the first Day of April, or both, as they {hall fee Cause.

lighted1*asthey XVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, T hat if any Person or Persons {hall wilfully take away, break,

fee Cause. or throw down, or damage any Lamp or Lamps, that now is or hereafter {hall be set up, for enlightening

For preventing any of the said Streets, Squares, Courts, Lanes, Alleys, Avenues, or Passages, or wilfully extinguish the

Light or Lights within the same, or damage the Irons or other Furniture thereof 5 it {hall and may be law-

ful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who {hall fee such Offence committed, to seize, as also

for any other Person or Persons to aftift in seizing the Offender or Offenders; and, by Authority of this

Act, without any other Warrant, to convey him, her, or them, or to deliver him, her, or them, into the

Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace of the

said County of Edinburgh; and such Justice shal! proceed to examine, upon Oath, any Witness or Wit-

nesses, who {hall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence (which Oath the said

Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer): And if the Party or Parties accused {hall be con-

vidled of such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or upon such Information as aforesaid,

he, {he, or they, foconvicted, {hall forfeit and pay the Sum of two Pounds Sterling for each Lamp so

broken, thrown down, or damaged, or for every Light so entinguished as aforesaid: And, moreover,

shall make full Satisfaction to the said Commissioners, or to such Person as they, or any three or more of

them, {hall appoint to receive the same, for the Damage so by him, her, or them, done as aforesaid :

And in case such Offender or Offenders {hall not, on Conviction, pay such Forfeiture, and make such

Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them, to the common

Gaol of the said County, for the Space of two Months; and such Offender or Offenders {hall not be dif-

charged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, {he, or they, {hall be so committed, unless such

Forfeiture and Satisfaction {hall be sooner paid and given.

XIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That, in case any Person or Persons {hall carelessly or accidently

ly or accidentally break, thiow down, or damage any of the said Lamps so set up, or hereafter to be set up, as aforesaid, or

breaking or da- the Irons or other Furniture thereof, and {hall not immediately, upon Demand, make Satisfaction for the

to* ^ama2e done hereto ; then, and in every such Cafe, it {hall and may be lawful to and for any one Justice of

the Peace of the said County of Edinburgh, upon Complaint to him made by one or more credible Witness

or Witnesses, to summon before him the Party or Parties who shall be complained of for doing such Da-

mage as aforesaid, and, upon hearing the Allegations and Proofs on both Sides, or upon the Non-appearance

of the Party or PauL s so complained of and summoned, to award such Sum or Sums of Money, by way

of Satisfaction for such Damage, as such Justice {hall think reasonable; and, in case of Neglcdl or Refusal

of the said Party or Parties to pay such Sum or Sums of Money so awarded within ten Days next after

Demand thereof, to cause the fame to be levied by Distrcfs and Sale of his, her, or their Goods or Chat-

tel ; the Surplus (if any) arTing by such Sale, to be paid to him, her, or them.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, for the future, carry, run, drive,

draw, or cause to be carried, run, driven, or drawn, on any of the Foot Pavements, within any Part of the

several

Damage of

FerfonsrareltfT-

fi&iont

For preventing

damage bci»g

