A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 13. 45

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted against Limitation of

any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless thirty Days Notice thereof Action*.

shall be first given in Writing to the Cleric or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, signed by the Plaintiff

or Plaintiffs, or unless the fmc shall be commenced before the Expiration of six Months next after the

Fact committed, or unless Tender of reasonable Amends hath not, or shall not have been made by or on

Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, nor unless such Action or Suit shall be laid

and brought in the County of Middlesex\ and the Defendant or Defendants, in any Action or Suit, to be

commenced for any Thine done in pursuance of this Act, shall and m?w nlcad the General Issue, and give Cweral Wue,

this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had sideration or Pure^at the Matter or

Thing for which such Act ion or Suit shall be brought, was done in pu<.:r respective .. Authority of

this Act; and it such Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done; oi*: this . . >ear that such

Act ion or Suit was brought before thirty Days Notice thereof was given in Writing to t. *k or Trea-

surer of the said Commissioners, signed by the Plaintiff" or Plaintiffs; or if it shall appear ttwiuiu Action

or Suit was not commenced before the Expiration of six Months next after the Fast committed; or if it

shall appear that Tender of reasonable Amends was made by or in Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants

in such Action or Suit, before such Action or Suit was commenced or brought; or such Action or Suit

shall be brought in any other County or Place than the County of Middlesex\ that then the Jury shall find

for the Defendant or Def endants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff* or Plaintiffs (half become non-

suited, or diicontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have ap-

peared; or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant

or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the fame, as any De- Treble Costs.

ftndant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cafes by Law.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public public

Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whom-

soever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to explain a Clause in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for better /applying the

City of Worcester, and the Liberties thereof with Water; and for better paving1 and lighting

the said City; and for removing and preventirg all Objtruflions and Annoyances therein.

WHEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for better (up- Preamble*,

plying the City of IVcrcefler, and the Liberties thereof with Water; and for the better paving and

€ lighting the said City; and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances therein: And

4 whereas, by a Clause or Proviso in the said Act, it is, amongst other Things, provided. That no Person

should be rated or affetted for any House, Warehouse, Building, T enement, or Hereditament, that hath

4 no Part thereof situated upwards of thirty Yards from any main Pipe, laid, or to be laid, for supplying

the said City with Water: And whereas the Commissioners appointed by the said Act cannot carry the

4 fame into Execution, the Intention of the Act being, that only such Houses, Warehouses, Buildings,

4 Tenements, and Hereditaments, as had some Part thereof situated within thiitv Yards of a main Pipe,

4 should be rated and attlffed :* In order therefore to explain the said Clause or Proviso, and to enable the

Commissioners to carry the Purposes of the said Act into Execution *, may it please your Majesty, that it

may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled* and

fey the Authority of the same. That from and after the patting of this present Act, so much of the said CUufe in th*

Clause or Proviso, in the said former Ait, as provides that no Person shall be rated or act'effect for any

House, Warehouse, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, that hath no Part thereof situated upwards of *iled#

thirty Yards from any main Pipe, laid, or to be laid, for supplying the said City with Water, shall be re-

pealed.

II. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, That no Person whatsoever shall be rated or aflctted ProV4r°»

for or on account of any House, Warehouse, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, for any of the Pur-

poses of the said Act, unless such House, Warehouse, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, hath fomc

Part thereof situated within thirty Yards of some main Pipe already laid, or which shall be hereafter laid,

within the said City or Liberties, for supplying the fame with Water; any Thing in the said Act to the

contrary hereof notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act,

and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices* and ail other Persons whomsoever,

without fptciaJly pleading the Lime.

CAP.

