298 C. 54.

Anno undecitno Georgii III.

A.D. 1771.

Manner of Ad-

journment.

No Older valid

and Court; or unless he shall he an Owner or Proprietor of some Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

within the the fame; and unless he shall, in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, be in the actual

Possession or Receipt of the Rents or Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly

Value of twenty Pounds, or possessed of, or intitled to, a personal Estate of the Value of five hundred

Pcmlty on Per- Pounds : And if any Person, not being so qualified, shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execu-

foM afhngif tion of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty

*otqua 1 , Pounds, together with Costs of Suit, to any Person or Persons who {hall sue for the same; to be

recovered in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit,

or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, {hall be

allowed; and wherein the Proof of Qualification {hall lie on the Person prosecuted, and it {hall be suffi-

cient for the Prosecutor to prove, that the Person so prosecuted had acted as a Commissioner in the Execu-

tion of this Act.

No Victualler to HI. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall fell Ale, Wine, or any spirituous or fermented

rniirioHc?01”" liquors by Retail, {hall be capable of acting as a Commissioner under this Act.

First Meet in of ^ * ^urt^er enacted. That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall meet

Commi/llontr*. together at the Vestry-room of the said Parish, at Ten of the Forenoon, on the second Thursday after

the Day of the passing of this Act, and {hall then and there proceed to the Execution of this Act; and

they arc hereby impowered to adjourn themselves, from time to time, to meet at the same Place, or at such

other Place within the said Parish, as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, from time

to time, think fit: And if at any Meeting so appointed there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Commissi-

onei s to act, or to adjourn to another Day ; or in case the said Commissioners, so assembled, shall omit, neglect,

or refuse to adjourn themselves, then, and in every such Cafe, any three of the said Commissioners, or the Clerk

to the said Commissioners, shall appoint a Meeting of the said Commissioners, to be held within five Days

after, at the same Place; public Notice whereof shall be given by affixing the fame in Writing on the prin-

cipal Door of the aforesaid Parish Church, at least three Days before such Meeting.

V. Provided always. That no Order or Determination of the said Commissioners, or any of them, shall

riade.at a be valid, unless the fame shall be made at a Meeting held in pursuance of this Adl; nor shall any Commis-

pu ic. ccting. ploner hereby appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, as aforesaid, be capable of acting as such during the

Time he shall enjoy any Office of Profit by virtue of the Powers given by this Adl, or have any Share or

Interest in any Contract relating to the Execution thereof.

CommiflWrs VI. And be it further enacted. That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall and

miy appoint of- may, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, appoint one or more Clerk or Clerks, Colledloror Col-

C£fSJ ledlors, Surveyor or Surveyors, or Jnfpedlors, and such other Officers for the Execution of this Adl, as

they shall think proper; and, from time to time, remove him or them1, and appoint others, as they shall

find necessary or convenient; and by and out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Adl, pay'such

Salaries and Allowances to such Officers, and to all other Persons by them the said Commissioners employed

Officers to give in the Execution of this Adl as they shall think reasonable: And the said Commissioners, or any three or

Security. mote of them, shall, and are hereby required to take such Security for the due Execution of the respective

. Offices, by such Person and Persons as aforesaid, as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them*

Persons liable to shall think proper: And all and every such Person and Persons as is or are hereby made liable to pay the

Pares, to pay several Rates or Sums of Money hereby granted, shall pay the fame to such Person or Persons as shall from

the fjme to cd • tjme to tjme appointed to coiledl or receive the same: And all such Officers and Persons so to be ap-

ct ors appoint- p0;nlecj as aforesaid {hall, under their Hands, at such Times, and in such Manner as the said Commission-

ers, or any three or more of them, shall direct, deliver to such Commissioners true and perfect Accounts

in Writing, of ail Matters and Things committed to their Charge, by virtue of this Adl; and also of all

Monies which shall have been by them respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Adl, and

how much thereof has been paid and disbursed, and for what Purpose, together with the proper Vouchers

for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the said Com-

Cfikers to ac. missioners, or any three or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint: And all the

countuponOath. fat(j Officers and Persons so accounting as aforesaid, shall, upon Oath, if thereunto required, (which

Oath the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer) verify

Officers refusing their said Accounts : And if any Officer or Person shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify

to account upon Oath any such Account, or to produce or deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make

such Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, or to

such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within seven Days after being thereunto required by Notice in

Writing under the Han^sof any two or more of the said Commissioners, all Books, Papers, and Writings,

in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Adl, or shall refuse or neglect to pay such

Monies as upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their respective Hands to the

said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, or as they shall direct or appoint; then, and in any of the

Cafes aforesaid, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, may, and are hereby authorised and im-

powered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Adlionor Actions in the Names of the said Commissioners, or

in the Names of any two or more of them, against the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or

refusing as aforesaid, in order for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Of-

ficers, rerfon or Persons respectively ; or if Complaint shall be made by the said Commissioners, or any two or

more of them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any Refusal or Neglect

as aforesaid, to any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Officers,

Jaftices to en- Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing, shall be and reside; such Justice or Justices may, and is and are

Default1*0 lhC hereby authorilld and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and

* 8 Seals*

arid remove

the,71, and ap-

point others.

