86o C. 78.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1773.

V-'

But such AfrefT-

ment, with the

other, for buy-

ing Materials,

&c. not to ex-

ceed 9d. in the

Pound in any

One Year.

porting* such Highways, causeways, Streets, Pavements, and Bridges, from Time to Time, as Need

shall renuire.

XLVI, Provided nevertheless, That the Afleftment herein lift before authorised, and the Assess-

ment herein before authorised, for buying Materials, making Satisfaction for Damages, ere£ling

Guide-posts, and paying the Surveyor's Salary, shall not together, in any One Year, exceed the Rate

of Nine-pence in the Pound of the yearly Value of the Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, and He-

reditaments, so to be assess'ed.

and appixd.

The Surveyor*®

Duty is to keep

Books, and en-

ter the Account*

of all Money

paid and receiv-

ed j

and also of all

Money remain-

ing due 5

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That no Fine, Issue, Penalty, or Forfeiture, for not repairing

Fme?. Penalties, Highways, or not appearing to any Indictment or Presentment for not repairing the fame, shall

hjw tobTlcvTcd hereafter be returned into the Court of Exchequer, or other Court, but shall be levied by and paid into

the Hands of such Person or Persons residing in or near the Parish, Township, or Place, where the

Road shall lie, as the Court imposing such Fines, Iilucs, Penalties, or f orfeitures, shall order and

direH, to be applied towards the Repair and Amendment of such Highways; and the Person or Per-

fons so ordered to receive such Fine shall, and is hereby required to receive, apply, and account for

the fame, according to the Direction of such Court, or in Default thereof, shall forfeit Double the Sum

received and if any Fine, Issue, Penalty, or Forfeiture, to be imposed on any such-Parish, Town-

ship, or Place, for not repairing the Highways, or not appearing as aforesaid, shall hereafter be levied

on any One or more of the Inhabitants of such Parish, Township, or Place, that then such Inhabi-

tant or Inhabitants shall and may make his or their Complaint to the Justices of the Peace, at their

Special Sessions; and the said Justices are hereby impowered and authorised, by Warrant under their

Hands and Seals, to cause a Rate to be made, according to the Form and Manner herein-last before

prescribed, for the reimbursing such Inhabitant or Inhabitants the Monies so levied on him or them

as aforesaid; which Rate so made, and confirmed by any Two Justices, shall be collected a d levied

by the Surveyor of the Highways of such Parish, Township, or Place, so presented or indicted, as

aforesaid; and the said Surveyor shall, within One Month next after the making and confirming the

Rate aforesaid, collect!, levy, and pay unto such Inhabitant or Inhabitants the Money so levied on him

or them as aforesaid.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor of the Highways for ev.^ry Parish< Town-

snip, or Place, shall carefully and diligently collect, or cause to be collected, the several Alllftinents,

Forfeitures, Penalties, Sums of Money, and Compositions, directed and allowed to be received and

taken within the same by virtue of this Act, within the Year for which he is appointed Surveyor,

and shall keep One or more Book or Books, in which he shall fairly enter a just, true, and fair Ac-

count of all such Money as shall have come to his Hands, or to the Hands of the furl Ailistant, in re-

sped of such Parish, Township, or Place, by virtue and for the Purposes of thU Ad, and to whom,

and on what Occasion, he shall have paid or applied the fame; and shall nlfo enter in such Book or

Books a List or Lifts of all such Sums of Money as shall then remain due and owing from any Person

or Persons, in respect of the Payments, Compositions, Assessments, PcmTies, or Forfeitures, to be

collcded, icceived, or taken, for and in reipedt of the said Highway?, by vPuie of this Act; and the

Material!^ Surveyor shall also enter in the said Book or Books an Account of all 'Fools, Materials, Imple-

' ments, and other Things provided, or to be provided, by Order of tli*’ Inhabitants, at a Vcflry or

other publick Meeting lor the Repair of the said Highways, at the publnic Expence of such Parish,

and Hull pro- Township, or Place; and shall produce such Books, and the Ail'd mnts 11: :!c within that Year for

ducehii Ac- the Purposes of this Act, unto the Inhabitants of the Parish, Town*.no, or Place, to which they be-

I011?’ at a Ve(by or other publick Meeting to be held for that Purpok, within Fifteen Days before

the said Special Sessions so to be held in the Week next after Micbtitiwvs Quarter Sessions, as afore-

said, to the Intent that the said Accounts, Affcfiment*, and Lifts, m y be minecUd by the Inhabitants

of such Parish, Township, or Place respectively; nnd every such Suiv yor (hull, after the said Books

2nd Afidlr.ients shall have been produced at such Meeting, take the fame to such Justice of the Peace

for the Limit wherein such Parish, Township, or Place, doth lie, and on such Day, ?nd at such

may allow them; Hour as shall be agreed upon at such Meeting, some Day after the said Meeting of the Inhabitants,

nnd before such laii-mentioned Special Sessions, and then . nj there verily such Account, or any Parc

tiunof, upon Oath, if required; and such Justice may a'iiow such Account, if he finds it just, or

poflpone it until such Special Sessions, if he finds Cause for so doing, in which Cafe it may

he settled and allowed at such Special Sessions, after the Parts objected to by such Justice shall

have been explained and verified by proper Evidence, to the Satisfaction of the Justices at such

Special Sessions , and in caie any Articles contained in such Accounts shall not be explained and

proved to the S.itisfcdiion of such justices, they may dihmow the fame; and whenever the said

Accounts shall be lo settled and afiowed, or difailowcd, as aforesaid, all such Books and A fit ft-

iv.ents ftia.l be transmitted to the Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor for such Parish, Township,

01 Place rtfpecliicly, or, if the Puce be extraparochial, then to iome principal Inhabitant thereof,‘to

be kept for the L fe ol fuih Parish, Township, or Place; and the said Surveyor shall forthwith deliver

to tc Jdvc cd* ?* ^u^'iic<:lc luc.i Bock and Account, together w itft all Sums of ivloi. y as shall remain in his

10 the'succeed- H*indQ, i.nd likcwhe a 1 'Fools, Materials, Implements, and 01.icr Things, as aforesaid, to the fuc-

cecding Surveyor for such Parish, Township, or Place, in case any new Surveyor shall be appointed,

or retain t:ie lame in his Hands, and account for them in his rrxr Account, if he shall be continued

Surveyor fur tuch Parish, Township, or Pi^ce, in t ie JjcccJing Year; and it shall and may be lawful

lo; the faccccding Surveyor, and h* is hereby authorised and required, to recover, collect, and receive

2 all

try Meeting.

and afterwards

before a Justice

of Peace, who

or they may be

turthci examin-

ed and ai towed,

or difailowcd, a1

tie Special bet

hour.

I\*K M ce-

ti p . mvtyyr.

N:w Sij“\t-'or

a t:h,) if d

10 U 1 c Ar-

ic.ii, A*c.

