8go C. 82.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

A.D. 1773.

rn,tlc^.f?J€ Conduct, or Management, of such Hospital, House, or Place, shall, and he, she, or they, is and are

Mice. °n hcrcb* ^c&cd ana required, before the Admission of any pregnant Woman into such Hospital,

^ # House, or Place, forthwith, (unless prevented by Sickness), to take; or cause to be taken, such

Woman before some Justice of the Peace in and for the County, Riding, Division, City, Corporation,

or Place, where such Hospital, House, or Place, is situated, which justice is hereby directed and

required to examine her upon Oath, whether (he is married or single: And in case such pregnant

Woman shall not be able, at the Time of such Admission, to go before such Justice, and be examined at

aforesaid; that then, and in every such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Owner,

Keeper, Governor, Master, Secretary, Clerk, or other Person, as aforesaid, and he, she, or they, is

and are hereby directed and required when and so soon as such Woman shall be sufficiently recovered,

to take, or cause to be taken, liich Woman before such Justice, to be by him examined as aforesaid,

any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom, to the Contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: And

all and every the Particulars of such Examination, taken upon Oath as aforesaid, shall be entered

in a Book, to be provided and kept for that Purpose by the Owner, Keeper, Governor, Master,

Secretary, Clerk, or other Person, as aforesaid, and signed by the Justice of the Peace before whom

such Examination is taken, who is hereby directed and required to sign the fame.

If the Woman XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Woman, on Admission into such Hospital*

Produce an Am-Hpufe, or Place, shall produce an Affidavit, sworn by her before such Justice of the Peace for the

roarned.oHingl^ City of London, or for the County, Riding, Division, City* Corporation, or Place, wherein such

Ihe is not liable Hospital, House, or Place, shall be situated, that (he is a married or single Woman, as the Cafe may

to go before the be, which Affidavit shall be kept and filed at every such Hospital, House, or Place; then and in every

ju(bce. such Cafe, such Woman shall not be liable or compellable by this A St to go before any Justice of the

^ Peace, or to be further examined on Oath as to her Marriage.

Whe&!n, Cdai XII. ^nd be lt furt^er enacted, That if any Woman shall be delivered of a Bastard Child in such

lTvefcdofa B»- Hospital, House, or Place, such Owner, Keeper, Governor, Master, Secretary, Clerk, or other

ftard, the Owner Person, as aforesaid, shall, Four Days at the Uaft before any such Woman shall be discharged, give, or

of the Hospiul cause to be given, a personal Notice, or Notice in Writing, of such Delivery, to be left at the usual

is to give Four Place of Abode of the Overseer or Overseers, Churchwarden or Churchwardens, of such Parish or

lore*(he0^it '"P]acc» wherein such Hospital, House, or Place, shall be situated; and such* Overfter or Overseers,

charged to the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, or some or One of them, is and are hereby authorised and

Overseer*. required, after fuqh Notice given, to attend at such Hospital or Place, within, the Time so notified as

aforesaid, and shall convey every such Woman before some Justice of the Peiceof the County, Riding,

Division, City, Corporation, or Place, where such Birth or Births shall happen, who shall examine

every such Woman upon Oath relative to her last legal Settlement, and shall certify, in Writing, to

such Overseer or Churchwarden the whole of such Examination, who fha’.l cause the fame to be

deposited and kept amongst the Books and Papers belonging to such Parish or Place.

Overseerattend- XIII. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time such Overseer or Churchwarden shall, upon

informed *tlu? such Attendance, he informed by such Owner, Keeper, Governor, Matter, Secretary, Clerk, or

fuchrDWom*n isother Person, that any such Woman is not sufficiently recovered to be taken out and carried before such

not sufficiently Justice, such Overseer or Churchwarden shall wait till a further Notice shall, in like Manner, be

recovered, shall given; and such Notices, from Time to Time, shall be repeated as Occasion may require; and every

wait till a fur- J^ch Overseer and Churchwarden, who shall receive the same, is hereby required to pay due Attention

ther Notice be

B

Every Woman XIV. Provided always, and be it further enavSIed, That it shall and may be lawful for every such

Owner, Keeper, Governor, Matter, Secretary, Clerk, or other Person, to keep and detain in such

(hebeuTafit Hospital, House, or Place, every such Woman so delivered of a Battard Child, till fhc shall be ad*

Condition to be judged in a fit Condition to be discharged, and until (lie shall have b.en examined before some Justice

discharged, dec. of the Peace, as aforesaid, with respeef to the Place of her last legal Settlement.

but not to extend XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this A& shall extend, or be con-

to keep any Wo-ft rued to extend, to authorise or impower any Person whatsoever to keep or detain in such

man longer than H°spital, House, or Place, any Woman so delivered of a Battard Child for a longer Time than Six

out bex Confetit. Weeks after the Birth of such Child, unless it shall be done by her own free Consent.

noiT^&cCnoT~ XVI. And be it further enacted, That every such Owner, Keeper, Governor, Master, Secretary,

complying with Clerk, or other Person, as aforesaid, who shall wilfully m glcift or refuse to comply with the Directions

the Dina«on»of this Act, shal! forfeit and pay, for every such Neglect or Refusa), the Sum of Fifty Pounds; anti

ibis A& to for-and every such Overseer or Churchwarden who shall in like Manner neglect or refuse to comply with

»eit 50I; the Directions of this A<tt, shall, for every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten

»nd Owrfem, pounds; which Penalties or Forfeitures shall be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt,

wre fifing, to Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at JVe^minster^ by any Person

forioii iol. or Person* who shall sue for the same; and such Forfeitures and Penalties, when recovered, shall be

How Penaltic* applied. One Moiety to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall have been com-

jnay berecovered muted, and the other Moiety to the Person or Persons who shall sue for and recover the fame.

god applied.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Afiion or Suit shall be

com: cnced ag^intt any Per on or Persons for any Thing by him or them done or executed, in pur-

iuance of this Act, the Deicndaxit or Defendants, in such Action or Suit, shall and may pl£ad the

Gtnetai

