727

A. Dl 1773. Anno decijpo tertjo QeoRGn lll. C 45.

the said Commissioners before mentioned, for putting this A& in Execution, fa far as the fame

relates to the said Secontl District $ but that such "of* the said Commissioners as are particularly

named, and are not Commissioners by virtue of their respective, Elites for the said xelpeftive Pa-

xilhes, Hamlets, Town ships, and Places, shall only continue Commissioners for the respective

Parishes, Hamlets, Towntbips, and Places, for which they are so nominated, until the First Tuesday in

April, in the Year of our Lofd Op? thousand seven hundred and fevepty -four*

VL And be it further coaled,'That all such Persons for the Time being as shall be bona fide Ownertofio

seised and possessed in his or her own Right of Ten Acres of Land, taxed by virtue of this Act, lying Acre* of Land

within the said Parishes of Feltwell Saint Mary, Feltwell Saint Nicholas, Hockwold with Wilton, Laken- for~

heath, and the said extraparochial Place called Norland, shall meet in the Parish Church of Feltwell the second

Saint Mary, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve, upon the First Tuesday in April, in the Year of trifl.

our Lord One thousand seven hundred and feveftty-four, apd upon the First Tuesday in April in every

fucceding Year, and shall respectively chuse so many *0 be Commissioners for the said Second Dif-

trift for the several Parishes, Hamlets, Townships, and places, as shall, together with the Persons

seised or. possessed of One hundred Acres of taxable Lands as aforesaid, make in the Whole One Com-

missioner for every One hundred Acres of Land, taxed by virtue of this Act, lying within the said

Parishes, Hamlets, Townships, or Places respectively j and the Election of every such Commissioner certificate oV

or Commissioners shall he certified under the Hands of the major Part of the Eleftars present at such Eleaioa.

such Election to the next. General. Meeting of the said Commissioners: And in case the Persons *n case of na

who are to chuse Commissioners for any of the said Parishes, Hamlets, Townships, or Places* shall thJ

neglect to meet at the Place, and at the Time appointed for such Elections, and shall not chuse

Commissioners accordingly; then the Persons whowere Commissioners for the said several Parishes,

Hamlets, Townships* or Places, for the preceding Year, shall continue Commissioners for the fame,

respectively, until other Commissioners shall be chosen as aforesaid, upon the First Tuesday in April

in the First or next succeeding Year after such Election shall have been omitted, and so (hallcominue

from Year to Year till a new Election shall be made.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Person seised or possessed of One hundred Owurtof »o»

Acres of taxable Lands, shall and may appoint a Commissioner for every such One hundred Acres Acre* may *p-

for the District in which the said One hundred Acres do lie"5 but that no Person, having more than

One hundred Acres within either of the said Districts, shall be inmowered by this Act to nominate

and appoint any more than One Commissioner, in case he a fts as a Commissioner himself j but in case bat if be doca

he does not act, then he shall have Power to nominate and apppint only Two Commissioners for the not*may«fpu£

said District in which the said Onehundred Acres shall lie, to put this Act into Execution; and Tw*.

that every Agent, duly appointed by this Act, shall and may,\in she Absence of the Persons re-

spectively by whom they shall be so appointed, aft as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, in

such and the same Manner, and as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as such Commissioners respectively

might aft and do if they were personally present.

- VIII. Provided always, and oe it enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person, except the p*,*, t*

Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the several and respective Manors of Hockwold with IVilton, Felt- aa*CoM»&

well, Methwold, Helgay, and Southery, and the Deputies or Agents to be appointed as hereki is di- fioner*, unlefa

rected, Richard Paul Joddrel, or any future Lessee or Lellees of the said Methwold Severals, and his, thef hive it

her, or their Tenants, the Owner and Prpprietor of the said Piece of Laud called Northcloud, the Acrei*

Owner and Proprietor of the said extraparochial Place called Norland, the said Ashley Palmer, John

Leatbes, and Gib fin Lucas, asTrusteesof the said Thomas Browne Evans, the (2nd. Matthew Pepper

Manby, Francis Dixon, Thomas Moore, Thomas Moore Clerk, and Francis Dixon junior, shall be en-

abled to act, fit, or vote, as a Commissioner for any of the rurposes,of this Act, unless he shall tys the

teal Owner of Sixteen Acres of Land taxed by virtue of this Aqt.tM

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Owner or Owners of One hundred Acres or Trustees ana

more of taxable Lands lying within ithe said Districts reflectively, and by virtue of such Owner-'Committees for

ship is or are Empowered to nominate and appoint a Commissioner or Commissioners, or to act as a Misw#, Lom-

Commissioner for the Purposes of carrying this Act intfe Execution, shall, at the Time of passing rote^nd

this Act, or at any Time or Times afterwards, be a Minor under the Age of Twenty-one Years, a Lcomimr-

Lunatick or Idiot, it shall and may be lawful for the Guardian or Trustee of such Minor, or in case fiooers.

such Minor shall have no Guardian or Trustee, for such Person being of full Age to whom the Estate

of the said Minor on his or her Death may defeend, or by virtue of any Deed or Settlement be con-

veyed, and for the Committee or Committees of such Lunarick or Idiot? either to fit, vote, or aft in

Person, as a Commissioner or Commissioners for the said Districts respectively, or in case no Com- ’’’

million shall have passed, or have been issued out for the Heir at Law of such Lunatick or Idiot, or in

case of any Settlement for the Person who shall next inherit, after the Death of such Idiot or Lu-

natick, under and by virtue of such Settlement, or to nominate and appoint under his or her

Hand, a Commissioner or Commissioners for such Lands j and that such Commissioner or Commilfi-

oners so nominated and appointed, or to be nominated and appointed by them, shall be, to all Intents

and Purposes, a Commissioner or Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution.

X. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all Persons who shall be joint Tenants, Tenants in Joint Tenants,

Common, or Parceners, of any of the Fen Lands or Low Grounds lying within the said Districts re- *e. to

foeftively, by virtue of this Act, shall, for their several and respective Shares, be intided to act as a Cwa?1^r*1

Commissioner or Commissioners for the fame, either by themselves or Agents, and shall have the

5 A a fame

