THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. undecimo.

4 \ T the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the tenth Day of May, Anno Domini one thou-

• /-\ sand seven hundred and (ixty-eight, in the eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord

4 +> ^ GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King,

4 Defender of the Faith, Wr.

4 And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the thirteenth Day of November one thousand seven

• hundred and seventy ; being the fourth Session of the thirteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An Act to continue the Prohibition of the Exportation of Com, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread,

Bifcuir, and Starch; and also of the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat

and Wheat Flour, for a further Time; and also to prohibit the Exportation of Malt for a

limited Time.

• XT 7 HER FAS it is expedient that the Exportation of any Sort of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, PramM#!

4 VV Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, out of the Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, should be prohibited

4 for a further Time be it therefore enabled by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad-

vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and l»y the Authority of the same. That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons what- N‘JPcr<*on

soever shall, direClly or indirectly, export, transport, carry, or convey, orcaufeor procure to be exported,

transported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from the said Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland; or load dmes^here mcr>-

or lay on board, or cause or procure to be laden or laid on boaid, in any Ship or other Vessel, or Boat, in t»oned, from

order to be exported or carried out of the said Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, any Sort of Corn, Great Bnum or

Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Starch, under the Penalties and Forfeitures herein after ,reljnd»

mentioned; that is to say, that all the said Commodities that flinll be so exported, shipped, or laid on 00 Fortc,tufC

board, or loaded to be exported, shipped, or carried out, contrary to this Act, shall be forfeited ; and that

every Offender or Offenders therein shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Bushel of Corn, f0J*n

Grain, Malt, Meal, or Flour; and twelve-pence for every Pound Weight of Bread, Biscuit, or Starch ; Corn, Crain,

and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity which shall be so exported, shipped, or put on board to viait. Meal, or

be exported; and also the Ship, Boat, or Vessel, upon which any of the said Commodities shall be exported, Fl u^> *nd Ild#

shipped, or laden to be exported, and all her Guns, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, shall be forfeited ; ^[,r

and one Moiety of all the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Sue- cun, or Sran-h j

ccffors, and the other Moiety to him or them that will fuc for the fame ; and for Offences which shall be an/aifoof the

committed in that Part of Great Britain called England, such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be recovered by Veifri, &c.

Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at lEeflminster, or ,n £wurjf

before the Justices of Assize, or at the Great Sessions in H al s, or by Information, at any General Quarter VeVuTL loeV

Sessions of the Peace for the County, City, Riding, Division, or Place, where the Offence shall be com-JliJrcco.

rnbted; and in such Suit no Kiloin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed ; and for verej.

Offences which shall be committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by Action or fuminary Bill,

or Information, in the Courts of SdTions or Exchequer in Scotland; and for Offences which shall be committed

in Ireland, in his Majesty’s Courts of Record in Dublin, or at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for M _f

the County. City, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed; and that the Mailer and Mariners of uncrigiariy

Vol. XL any

