A.D. 1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

C. 52. 785

for the Time being is or shall be appointed by I*aw for Wrought Plate, or better, then the fame shall

be marked with the Company’s Marks, in the Presence of the Wardens and Allayer; and that it shall

and may be lawful to and for the said Affayer, or such other Person as the Wardens for the Time be-

ing of each respective Company shall appoint, to a(k, demand, take, and receive, of and from all and

every such Person and Persons as shall, from Time to Time, bring to the Allay Office belonging to

the said Company any Piece or Parcel of Wrought Plate to be assayed, tried, and marked,

such Prices, Sums of Money, or Rewards, as they shall think fit, so as such Prices, Sums of Money,

or Rewards, do not exceed the Sum of One Shilling for every Pound Troy, and so proportionably for

every greater or less Quantity of Plate so assayed and marked.

XVII. Provided nevertheless, That if any Parcel or single Piece of Wrought Plate shall be brought u.miyte

or sent to the said Office to be allayed, which, according to the Rate or Price herein-before limited, taken,though

shall not amount to the Sum of One Shilling, then there shall be paid for allaying and marking such *hc assayed

Parcel or single Piece of Wrought Plate a Sum of Money or Reward not exceeding One Shilling; any the limited

Thing herein contained to the Contrary in anywise notwithstanding. r* €.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Assayers so to be chosen by Affrayer* not to

virtue of this Act as aforesaid shall not discover, by Description, in Words, or otherwise, to any Per- <hfco*er any De-

son or Persons whatsoever, any Pattern, Design,or Invention, of any Piece of Silver Plate brought,

or to be brought, to the Office to be assayed as aforesaid, or permit the fame to be viewed or seen by be

any Person whomsoever, but the Wardens and other Persons necessarily employed, or to be employed, assayed;

in the said Office; and also shall keep a Book or Books, wherein shall be entered the Names of every and dull enter

Owner of Plate brought to be assayed, and the Aflortment of Plate assayed, and an AccountNameiof

of the Money received for the allaying thereof, and likewise an Account of the Monies arising from the «,

Scrapings and Cuttingsoff of the said Plate so brought to be assayed, when the fame shall be fold in Account *f Ser—

Manner hereinafter directed, and also an Account of the Officers and Servants Salaries and Wages, runts S*larie*,\

and other incidental Expences attending the carrying this Act into Execution; and that every *c.

Member of each respective Company shall have free Access to the said Books, and the Inspection

thereof.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Maries belonging to each of Mark*to VI

the said respective Companies shall be locked up in a Box with Three different Locks, and the respec- locked up in

tive Keys thereof shall be kept by Two of the Wardens and Affayer of such respective Company, and

shall never be taken thereout but in the Presence of Two of the said Wardens and Affayer, for the wh*fll ue £9

Purpose of marking the Plate which shall have been assayed and reported Standard, and which Plate kept by Two

shall be marked in the Presence of Two of the said Wardens and Affayer, and the Marks immediately Warden* and an

after locked up in Manner aforesaid: And that if by Connivance of the said Wardens the Affayer shall ^flayer* and all

mark, or. suffer to be marked, any Plate with the Company’s Mark, any otherwise than in the Presence 111

of the Two Wardens 5 or if he shall mark any Plate that has not been duly assayed and found Standard; fence#

or if he shall discover, by Description, in Words, or otherwise, to any rerfon or Persons whatsoever. On Connivanot

any Pattern*. Design, or Invention, of any Piece of Silver Plate brought to the Office to be assayed as of the Warden*

aforesaid j or wittingly or willingly permit or suffer the fame to be viewed or seen by any Person whom-

soever, but the Wardens and other Persons necessarily employed in the said Office; he shall forfeit and *erni £c.*ht

pay the Sum of Two.hundred Pounds; to be recovered ahd disposed of in Manner aforesaid, and shall (hall fortes

be turned out of his Office, and be rendered ever after incapable of exercising the Office of an Af- *oo!«

sayer.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Affayer of each respec-Scraping*tod

tive Company shall. Four Times in every Year, duly weigh, in the Presence of the Wardens of the Cu.lti“5lJE° be

said Company, all the Scrapings and Cuttings-off of Silver deposited in the Affayer’s Box, *fter Time* incvetf -

Report thereof made as aforesaid, and enter the true Weight thereof in a Book to be kept for

that Purpose; and that when the fame is so weighed and entered, it shall and may be lawful to and

for the said Wardens to fell and dispose thereof, apd, after entering an Account of the Produce thereof

in the Book belonging to such Company, containing their Receipts and Payments for and on the Ac-

count of the Assay Office, pay and apply the fame for and towards such Payments.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Diet Box belonging to each Diet Box tofcc«

of the said Companies shall. Once in every Year, be opened in the Presence of the Affayer and the Oncem every

Four Wardens belonging to each Company, and the Diet therein be taken out and carefully packed ^“pr^d0fa

up iiv Two Separate Parcels, if of different Standards, without opening the Paperj containing the the Aflayw'ind

fame, and carefully Secured and feaied with the respective Seals of the said Wardens and AfTayer* and the Four W*r-

by them, in each other’s Presence, delivered to a Mefftnger, to be by him conveyed, to His Majesty's dens;

Mint in the Toyvcr of London, and delivered to the Matter of the Mint, or his Deputy, Jtaking a Re- «onrer®*19

ceipt from him who shall so receive it for the fame, which Receipt the fail Matter, or his Deputy, are *“* Mint#

hereby directed to give; and that the Messenger conveying the fame shall, at the Time of the deliver-

ing thereof to the said Matter, or his Deputy, make Oath before the said Matter, or his Deputy,

I which Oath the said Matter, or his Deputy, are hereby authorised and directed to administer), that-

e received the Box or Parcel (as the Cafe may be) from the Wardens and Affayer of the Company,.

so feaied as on the Delivery thereof, and that the fame had not been opened after, he h^d so received)the .

(ante. f iiitiltf of tkc

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That the Matter of fais Majesty’s Mint to prefer

Mint for the Time being, or his Deputy, shall, within Fourteen Days next after the said Diet shall » Memorial to

doreAfi*/-matter,

lOOgle

