ao8 C. 33.

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1771.

Recovery of

Rates.

bitants or Occupiers, or any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, of any Land,

Ground, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or He-

reditament, within the Limits aforesaid, and herein before made liable to pay any Rate or Assessment made,

laid, and assessed by virtue of this Act, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Money rated and a defied upon

him, her, or them respectively, and all Arrears due thereon, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Col-

lector or Collectors appointed by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to collect or levy

such Rates or Assessments by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of two of his Majesty's Justices of the

Peace for the said County, and all Arrears due upon the said Rates or Assessments, by Distress and Sale of

the Goods and Chattels of the Party so neglecting or refusing, which shall be found either within the Li-

mits aforesaid or elsewhere; and if within five Days next after such Distress shall be made, the said Rate or

Rates, Assessment or Assessments, together with all Arrears due thereon, shall not be paid, together with

the reasonable Charges of talcing and keeping the fame, the said Collector or Collectors shall cause the said

Goods to be appraised and fold, or such Part thereof as shall be sufficient to pay the said Rate or Rates,

Assessment or Assessments, together with all Arrears due thereon, and the reasonable Charges of making

such Distress, and of keeping and felling the fame, returning the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner or

Owners of such Goods and Chattels respectively. 4 '

4 LXXX. And whereas it may happen that many Persons liable to, and who may be charged, rated,

and assessed towards defraying the Expence of paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the

4 said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, may, before the Payment of

the Sums which may be rated on them respectively, quit and leave their Lands, Grounds, Dwelling-

4 houses. Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Here-

4 ditaments, in the Square, Street, or Place where the fame shall be rated and addled, and remove to some

other Square, Street, or Place, which are not within the Limits aforesaid, and thereby endeavour to

avoid the Payment of the said Rates and Assessments Be it therefore enacted, That when any Person or

Persons who hath or have been so rated and assessed shall quit his, her, or their Land, Ground, House,

Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, in any

Square, Street* or Place, wherein such Rate or Assessment has been made, before he, she, or they shall

have paid the fipne, and (lull afterwards refuse to pay the fame when due and demanded by the Collector

or Collectors au'horned and appointed to receive the same, that then, and in every such Cafe, it shall and

may be lawful to and for the said Collector or Collectors, or one of them, by Warrant obtained under the

Hands and Seals of any two or more Justices of Peace for the County of Middlesex (which Warrant the

said Justices are hereby authorised and required to grant in any Place within the County of Middlesex

aforesaid) and such Warrant being first backed or countersigned by some Magistrate of the County, City,

or Liberty where the Distress is to be made (which Warrant such Magistrate is hereby required to back or

-countersign without Fee or Reward) to distrain the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so re-

fusing or neglecting, and to sell the same, rendering the Overplus (if any be) after having deducted the

reasonable Charges and Expences of such Distress and Sale to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and

Chattels respectively, upon Demand thereof made.

LXXXL Provided always. That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, may, if they

shall think proper, sue, in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Treasurers, for all or any of the Rate

or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, which shall be made by virtue of this Act, and all Arrears due there-

upon and unpaid; in which Action no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Impar-

lance, shall be allowed.

No Contra for LXXXII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nc thing in this Act contained shall

paving, ice. to be deemed or taken to make void any Contraft, Covenant, or Agreement between Landlord and Tenant,

touching or concerning the paving, repairing, cleansing, or lighting any or any Part of the said Squares,

Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, within the Limits aforesaid; but that every

Person who is now, by virtue of any such Contraft or Agreement, obliged to pave, keep in Repair, and

cleanse any or any Part of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places,

shall, in lieu thereof, be obliged to pay the Rates hereby directed to be made and assessed, or so much

thereof as such Commissioners as aforesaid, or any seven or more of them, shall deem just, and according

to the true Meaning of such Contraft, Covenant, or Agreement, for and during the Time that such Con-

tract, Covenant, or Agreement, shall remain in Force; and in case any Dispute shall arise concerning such

Covenant, Contraft, or Agreement, the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall have

Power to hear and finally determine the fame.

LXXXIII. And be it enacted, That all and every Person or Persons paying the Rates and Assessments

by this Act laid and a fie fil'd, shall be, and they and every of them is and are hereby exempted and discharged

from the Expence of paving, cleansing, lighting, or keeping in Repair the said Squares, Streets, or Places,

or any of them, and also from all Penalties which may or might be incurred by reason of their neglecting

to pave, cleanse, light, or keep the fame in Repair.

LXXXIV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this

Act contained shall prevent the collecting any Arrears due from any Person or Persons within the Limits

aforesaid for any of the Purposes of this Act.

Olirftorsto pay LXXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Collector or Collectors of the

M.'rifvasre- Rates and Assessments aforesaid shall pay the Money as he or they shall receive the same, to the Treasurer

env otothe or Treasurers for the time being to the said Commissioners; and upon Payment of every such Sum of

~ rc?.!urcr j Money to such Treasurer or Treasurers, such Collector or Collectors shall take a Receipt for the fame of

the

■Rates may be

lued for in tike

Name of the

Treasurer.

the void by this

Act.

'Persons paying

Ra*es exempted

from paving,

&c.

but not to excuse

Arrears,

