A.D. 1771. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C. 9. 27

after the Expiration of twenty Days from the Day of giving such Notice; and the said Justices, at such m*y

Sciiions or Adjournments, upon due Proof of such Notice being given, and of the entering into such give Corti,

Recognizance or Recognizances, shall hear smd finally determine the causes and Matter of such Appeal

in a summary Way, anJ award such Costs for the Appellant or Appellants, or Rcfpondent or Respondcnts,

as they the said Justices shall thinlc proper; and the Determination of such Justices shall be final, binding,

and cnnclufive, to all Parties concerned or interested therein.

XCIV. Provided always. That upon all Appeals from any of the Rates or Assessments to be made or Ratcimay beat*

imp >icd by the Authority of this Act, the Justices of the Peace, where they shall fie just Cause for Relief,leic* uc‘

(null and are hereby impowered to amend the fame Rates and Assessments, in such Manner only as shall be ccllurI*

r.rcclfary for giving such Relief, without altering such Rates or Assess’ments with respect to other Persons

mentioned in the fame.

X(J V. Provided alto, That in case the Money collected in any one Year shall not be sufficient to answer Deficiency of

the Purposes for which the fame was rated and afldfed, that i’uch Deficiency shall be supplied by or out Rjte*how 10 bc

of a Rate to be made the next following Year. mtc,c BOO<*'

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of procuring and puffing this Act c,larse*10 be

ft all be paid out of the first Monies which shall be raised by virtue of this Act. Monies! °*

XC\fll. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any

Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be done or toTc^uT^dTJr

transacded in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for want of Form, or be want of form,

removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Re- nor removed by

cord at U'cjlminjicr, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding. Certiorari.

XCVlil. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Licence, Information, Or- Securities to fe«

der. Judgment, Conviction, Warrant, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands without Stamp*,

and Seals, of, or only signed by any Commissioner or Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution,

or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or any of them, touching, concern-

ing, or in the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby vested in such Commissioner or Com-

mufioners, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any of them, or any Conveyance to the said Commissioners,

or any of them, or any other Deed or Instrument whatsoever touching this Act, or the Execution thereof,

shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be brought, commenced, or prosecuted Limitation of

against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless twenty-one Days Notice A^onl*

thereof shall be first given in Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, signed by the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or unless the fame shall be commenced before the Expiration of six Months next

after the Fast committed, or unless Tender or reasonable Amends hath not or shall not have been made,

by or in Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, nor unless such Action or Suit

stall be laid and brought in the County of Southampton: And the Defendant or Defendants, in any Action TMiArtmijr

or Suit to be commenced for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, shall and may plead the General *iven in tvi-

1ft ue, and e we this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the

Matter or Thing for which such Action or Suit shall be brought was done in pursuance and by the Autho-

rity of this Act; and if such Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that

such Action or Suit was brought before twenty-one Days Notice thereof was given in Writing to the Cleric

or Treasurer of the said Commissioners, signed by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; or if it shall appear that such

Action or Suit was not commenced before the Expiration of six Months next after the Fast committed

or if it shall appear that Tender of reasonable Amends was made by or in Behalf of the Defendant or De-

fendants in such Action or Suit, before such Action or Suit was commenced or brought; or such Action

or Suit shall be brought in any other County or Place than the County of Southampton; that then the Jury

shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall

become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants

shall have appeared; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall he given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the

Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the fameT'*^*

as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cafes by Law.

C. Provided always, and be it further enacted, I'hat in all Actions or Suits to be brought against any Money may t*

Person or Persons for any Matter or Tiling done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or DefendantsPal<* into Court*

in such Action or Suit shall and may, before Plea pleaded, pay into Court such Sum or Sums of Money

as he, she, or they shall think proper, in the Name of a reasonable Amends for such Matter or Thing 1

and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (nail refuse to accept of the fame, together with his, her, or their Costs to

that Time, to be taxed by the proper Officer; and if the Jury who try the Cause shall not find the Da-

mages to amount to a greater Sum or Sums than the Money so paid into Court, the Verdict shall pass for

the Defendant or Defendants; and such Defendant or Defendants shall have all other Privileges and Ad-

vantages given to any Defendant or Defendants by this Act, and shall and may recover Treble Costs, and

have the like Remedy for the fame, as before directed for recovering Treble Costs by any Defendant or

Defendants.

Cl. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Actions shall be brought by Order of the said PerSm brlndng

Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing A^Ions br Ox-

idating to this Act, or the Powers herein contained, and a Verdict shall be had and given against the Per-

son or Persons against whom such Action or Actions shall be brought, such Person or Persons shall pay JovcTooub.c

Double Co(Ui and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions shall have such Remedy and Rc-coiii,

K a medics

