674- C* 28. Anno decimo tertio Lteorgii ill. A. V. 1773.

Grecnocky upon Request made to them in Writing by the Matter, Commander, or Owner of such Ship

pr Vessel, or Owner of any Goods on board of such Ship or Vessel, and upon Proof being made be'*

fore him of such Distress, to ewe a Preference to such Ship or Vessel being in Distress as aforesaid, both

as to Birth at the Piers and Quays, and as to the Course of Discharging, to any other Ship or Vessel

arrived before her in the Port aforesaid ; and that every Matter or Commander of any Ship or Vessel

lying within the Harbours of Greenock, who shall refuse or delay to comply with the Order of the

said Bailie, in favour of the said Ship or Vessel in Distress, shall foreit the Sum of Ten Pounds Ster-

ling, to be levied and applied in the Manner herein-after directed.

XIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Tweijty-fourth Day

of Juniy One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, it shall not be lawful to any Person or Per-

foris to throw or empty any Ballast, Dust, Allies, or Rubbish, Shingle,Stones or other Things, into the

said Harbours, or bring Rafts of Wood into the fame, or to dig and take away any Ballast, Shingle,

Stones, or other Things, from within the same, to the Hurt and Prejudice of the said Harbours, or

of the Works erected*.or to ercfted, for the Security and Accommodation of the fame, or to do any

other Act or Deed to prejudice or annoy the fame, or any Part thereof, under the Penalty of Forty

Shillings Sterling for every such Offence.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Person or Persons who shall or

•a Pa'*ltf9 &C* ^erea^ter have Occasion to throw or cast out any Ballast from out of any Ship or other Vessel

•a auto 401. ^pQn any Qyay$ Pier or Breast, or other Place in or about the said Qjuays, Piers, Breads, or other

Works, made or to be made, as before mentioned, belonging to the said Port and Harbours, shall not

suffer the fame to be and remain on the said Quays, Piers, Breasts, or other Places, but shall imme-

diately thereafter cart and carry away, or cause the fame to be carted and carried away, to such Place

t . or Places as any of the Bailies of Greenock, or the Shoremaster aforesaid, shall for such Purposes* pro-

vide and appoint, on Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, Forty Shillings Sterling.

Owners of Vef- XXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Matter or Owner of every Ship,.

*ls*answerat>le Bark, Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, lying or trading in the Harbours o( Greenocky shall be and is

hereby made answerable to the said Trustees for the Amount or Value of any Damage or Mischief that

shall be done by any of the Servants, Boatmen, Bargemen, or Watermen, on board the fame, to any.

of the Piers, Quays, breasts, or other Works already constructed, or that shall be constructed by virtue

of this Act, with full Costs of Suit ; and that such Damages and Costs shall be sued for, and recovered

in Manner herein after directed.

XXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or

Persons whatsoever to pack, or cause to be packed, upon any of the Quays, Piers, or Breasts, built

or to be built, as aforesaid, any Herrings, or other Fish, or to fufter Herrings, and other Fish, which

Piers,&c. above are tolieupon the said Piers, Quays, and Breasts, longer than Forty-eight Hours ; and that

acertam ime. after they have ja^j the Space, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Shoremaster afore-

said to carry away the said Herrings, or other Fish, and lay them up in a Cellar or Warehouse, at the

Expence of the Owner or Proprietor j and that the said Shoremaster shall detain the said Herrings, and

other Fish, till the Charges of carrying them from the Piers, Quays, and Breasts, shall be satisfied, and

the Cellar Rent paid.

sWriufterto XXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Shoremaster nominated and ap*

infFca the State pointed by the said Trustees for the said Ports and Harbours of Greenock shall be, and is hereby autho-

rised and required, from Time to Time, and at all Times after the passing of this Act, carefully to*

inspect into the State of the said Pjers, Quays, Bieafts, and other Places within the Port and Har-

bours of Greemck, and to prevent, as far as his Power ihill extend, any Offences made punishable by

this Act from being committed ; and that in any Cafe of any wilful Neglect or Default therein, the

said Shoremaster shall forfeit and pay Twenty Shillings Sterling for each and every such Offence.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to the said

Trustees, or any Collector to be appointed by them, for receiving any Part of the Rates'and Duties

g-anted by this Act, to prosecute and recover the several Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages, and

Costs of Suit, by this present Act imposed, in all such Cafes where the Sum to be recovered shall

amount to Five Pounds Sterling or upwards, by Action, Bill, Complaint, or Information, within Six

Months after such Offence is committed, before the Bailies of Greenocky or any Two or more Justices

of the Peace, or any other Judge competent for civil Actions, within whole Jurisdiction the Offender

or Offenders shall reside, and be apprehended ; and that the said Bailies or Justices of the Peace shall,

and they are hereby impowered and required to proceed to the Trial of such Offences in a summary

Way $ and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offender?, by their own Confession, or by the Oath

of One or more credible Witness or Witness’cs, to award and give such Orders, Judgments, and

Decrees, as to them shall seem mod agreeable to th-* true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and

that in Default of Payment of the several Fines, -Penalties, f orfeitures, Damages, and Costs of Suit

hv‘rein*before enacted, which shall be awarded and ordered by the Bailies Justices of Peace, or Judge

aforesaid, ir.e Person or Persons which shall be convicted of any of the Offences before described, shall

and nny be sent by the Bailies, Justices of the Peace, or Judges aforesaid, to the Prison or House

of Correction, next to the Place where the Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended, and there

to be kept at hard Labour for such Time, rot exceeding Six Months, as such Bailies* Justices, or

Judge*, ihftl direct ; and that the whole Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures aforesaid, whiph shall

be recovered by the said Trustees, or their Collectors, as aforesaid, after Deduction of the

ncceliary Charges of recovering the fame, shall be applied for and towards the building, making,

erecting,

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

A.D.

Ball*ft, Sec. not

to be thrown

into the Har-

bour

nor to lie on any

Dili* I’i.f

for Damages

done by their

Crews.

Herrings, and

other Fish, not

to lie on the

f the Piers.

Fines and For-

feitures, of

5 I. or upwards

how to be sued

for and recover-

ed.

