39° C. 23.

Anno duodecimo Georg 11 111.

A.D. 1772.

for inspeitioa of in which the fame {hall

the Creditors.

Justices refut-

ing or omit-

ting f^r Tea

L)ays to trans-

xnit a Copy of

have been so left, there to remain and be inspected, from Time to Time, aj»

Occasion shall require, by any Creditor of any such Prifooer who shall deftre to inspect the fame.' *'

VIII. And be it also enacted. That every such Justice or Justices who shall refuse or omit: within

the Space of Ten Days, to transmit the Copy of the Schedule so left with hjm as aforesaid, to the

Cleric of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Pcaee, for the County,

Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, in which the fame shall have been so left, shall,

the ScheluhTto for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds ; which shall and may be (ucd for and

the c.ierk of the recovered in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, together with

Peace, (hill for- Colts of Suit, in the Name of any Person who shall prosecute for the fame ; and One Moiety of Which

feitioi. Money forfeited shall, when recovered, go to the Party who prosecutes for the fame, knd the other

Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence shall be committed. ' *

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Prisoner and Prisoners, who shall intend to pe-

tition to be discharged under this A#, as aforesaid, shall first cause publick Notice to be inserted In

Three several London Gazetteprevious to such General or Quarter-session, and the adjournment

to give previous thereof, at which the said Prisoner or Prisoners shall apply to be discharged from any Gao! in London,

Notice thereof or w|thin the Weekly Bills of Mortality ; and if such Prisoner shall be m Custody in any Gaol put of

London, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, then also in some Newsnpaper which shall be published in

or near the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Place, in the Gaol whereof he or

(he shall be so in Custody ; containing the Name, Trade, and Occupation, and Twolaft Places of

Abode, if so many, of every such Prisoner and Prisoners, and the Prison wherein he, (he, or they, is

or are confined, and of his, her, or their Intention to take the Benefit of this Act, and mentioning

such Notice in each Gazette or Newspaper, to be the First, Second, or Third Notice, according to the

Time of publishing each of such Notices ; and for the inserting of each of which find several Notices

in the said Gazette, or in any other Newspaper, there shall be paid, each Time, by every such Pri-

foner, Two-pence, and no more : The First of which said Notices shall be so inserted in the said Gazette,

the said other Newspapers, as the Cafe may require. Thirty Days at least, and the last of the

Prisoners. in-

tending to pe-

tition for their

Di (charge, are

Thrice in the

Gaz.’tte, and

other News-pa-

cts:

Contents of the

No lice.

a d. each Time,

and no more, to

be paid for in-

ferting such

Notices.

or in

First Notice to b« said Notices Ten Days at iea(t; before any such First or Second General or Quarter Session,

infmed 30 D»ys, anj Adjournment thereof, shall be held as aforesaid; so that as well all the Creditors who have

Dm teforethe not c^ar8e(^ *he Prisoner or Prisoners in Custody, as those Creditors who have charged such

Quarter-sessions, Prisoner or Prisoners in the Execution, or on mesne Process, or otherwifr, may have sufficient notice

&£. thereof.

Prisoner being X. And be*it further enacted, That every such Prisoner as aforesaid, who, in pursuance of any such

brought into Warrant as aforesaid, shall be brought to any General or General Quarter Sessions, or any Adjourn-

Court, due Pub- ment thereof, shall, in case it shall it shall be proved upon Oath, or by producing the said Three

Notices requited Gazettes and Newspapers before mentioned to the said Justices at any such Session, or the Adjourn-

ing proved, ment thereof, that such Notices were so inserted in the London Gazette, and other Newspapers, where

Cec. * required, in Manner as herein before is directed, and that the Person or Persons so petitioning

was or were actually a Prisoner or Prisoners on the said First Day of January, One thousand seven

hundred and seventy-two, or since, in the Gaol or Prison in which his, her, or theirNime or Names is or

are specified in the Lift of Prisoners there ^delivered in at any such First or Second Session, or any Ad-

journment thereof as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, shall in open Court at the said General or

it to deliver In Quarter-sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, subscribe and deliver in a true Schedgle or Account of

Tfl‘hslUnkfhis his or her Real Eftacc, either in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy ; and also of the

ana Creditors!* Whole of his or her Personal Estate which he or she, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him or

her, or for his or her Use, Benefit, or Advantage, is or are seised of, interested in, or intitled to, with

the Names of his or her several Debtors, and where they respectively live, or may be met with ; and

the several Sums of Money from them respectively owing, and how the fame respectively became

due, and are secured ; and if by Mortgage, Specialty, Centra#, Note, or other Writing, then the

Name and Names and Places of Abode of the several Witnesses who can prove such Debts or Con-

tracts (if there be any such), and shall also make Oath and swear to the Effect following that is to

say)

PriCawr*! Oath

on deirvering in

the said Sche-

dule.

44 T J. B, upon my corporal Oath, in the Prefeuceof Almighty God, do solemnly swear, protest, and

44 1 declare, That on the First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, I was a

44 Prisoner, or else, [as the Cafe may be\ that lince the First Day of January, One thousand seven hun-

44 dred and seventy-two, I have surrendered, or have been committed to the Prison of in

44 Discharge of my Bail, or for want of Bail, [as the Cafe Jhaii le] and that I was actually arrested, and

44 in Custody of an Officer before the said First day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-

44 two, in the Action or Suit, Actions or Suits, in which i surrendered, or was committed, as afore-

44 said, to the said Gaol or Prison of and that I have, ever since my said

44 Surrender or Commitment, continued a Prisoner within the Prison of in

44 the actual Custody of the Gaoler or Keeper, of the said Prison of or within the

14 Liberties thereof at the Suit of , and without any Fraud or Collusion

44 whatsoever; and that the Schedule now delivered by me, and subscribed? doth contain, to the best

44 of my Knowledge. Remembrance, and Belief, a full, just, true, and perfe# Account and Discovery

44 of all the Goods, Effects, and Estates, Real and Personal, either in Possession, Reversion, Remainder,

44 or Expectancy, which 1, or any Person in Trust for me, or for my Benefit or Advantage, am seised

44 x>r posseffed of, interested in, or intitled to ; and of all Debts as are to me owing, or to any Person or

44 Persons

