448 C. 29.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III,

A.D. 177?.

Houses let to

different Fami-

XXIX. Provided also, and it is hereby declared. That in case any House or Tenement shall be set,

let, or occupied in different Apartments, Rooms, or Lodgings, to or by distinct and separate Fa-

with the*^© Lodgers, or Inmates, the whole House or Tenement so let and occupied {hall be charged with

the whole Rate assessed, or to be collected, for or In respe& of the fame: And in case of Non-pay-

ment, the said Rate {hall and may be levied and recovered upon and from any of the Inhabitants or

Occupiers of any Part or Parts of such House or Tenement, in such and the same Manner as the

other Rates, directed by this A& to be raised, are appointed to be levied and recovered.

XXX. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons

{hall find him or themselves aggrieved by any. Order, Direction, or Appointment of the said Trustees,

or by Means of the said Assessment or Assessments, in pursuance or under Colour of this A<3; then.

upon Appeal to the next Quarter Sessions, to be held for the Lid Liberty of Saint Aiban, within the

New Ground.

Person* aggrieved

may Appeal to

the Q«arter-fef-

:£oab.

{aid County of Hertford, it {Kail and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, or the greater Num-

fuftice* Order to ber of them then and there assembled, to make such Order therein, as to them {hall seem meet, which

be find. Order {hall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

The accudomed. XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Vicar of the said Parish of

Dues to be paid Watford for the Time being {hall be intitled, from Time to l ime, for ever, after the said Grouad

forBnjriaismtfat fQ to bc annexed to the said Church-yard {hall have been consecrated, to have, hold, exercise, and

enjoy the fame Rights, Liberties, and Privileges, over all the Ground to be annexed to the present

Church-yard, _as he now lawfully hath, or can or may lawfully claim over and in respect to the pre-

sent Church-yard: And also that the said Vicar, and the Clerk and Sexton for the Time being, {hall,

for ever after such Consecration, have, receive, and take the like Rates, Dues, Fees, and Profits, for

and on Account of Burials, in any Part or Parts of the said Pieces or Parcels of Ground, so to be an-

nexed to the fiiid Church-yard, as by them, or any of them respectively, now are taken and received,

for and on Account of Burials in the present Coemetery or Church-yard.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Costs, Charges, and

Expences of passing this Act, and all other Ch rges incident to the obtaining thereof, {hall be borne,

paid, and defrayed out of the First Monies arising by virtue of this Act.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Nomination, Appointment,

without Sump*. Information, Order, Judgment, Conviction, Warrant, Assignment, Transfer, Deed of Grant, or

other Security for the borrowing of Money, or other Writing whatsoever, relating to the Execution

of this Act, {hall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Suit or Action, {hall

be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done, or to be done, ;in

pursuance of this Act, every such Suit or Action shall be commenced within Six Months next after

the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and {hall be brought and tried in the County of Hertford, and

not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Suits or Action may plead the General I flue,

and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that

the fame was done in pursuance of and by Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear to be -so

done, then the Jury {hall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and-upon such Verdict, or if the Plain-

tift'or Plaintiffs {hall become Nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action, after the Defendant

or Defendants {hall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plain-

tiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants {hall and may recover Treble Coils, and have the like

Remedies for the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs in other Cafes by Law.

XXXV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, Thkt this Act {hall be deemed and taken to

be a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice

thereof as such, in all Courts and‘Places whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Expenc<* of the

Alt how to be

paid.

Writings to be

Limitation of

Actions.

Genets! Ifloe.

Treble Cod*.

Publick AQu

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present

Majesty, intituled, An A£i for taking down and removing certain now jtanding

near the Spurn Point, at the Mouth of the Humber; and for treeing other ft and convenient

Light-houses instead thereof.

Prtimble. 4 IT r HEREAS by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-

Att6 Geo. III. y/y jelly, intituled, An Act for taking down and removing certain Light-houses now Jlartding near tht

4 Spurn Point, at the Mouth of the Humber; and for erecting other fit and convenient Light-houses instead

4 thereof; after reciting, amoneft other Things, That it was absolutely necessary for the Safety of the

4 Northern Navigation that Two new Light-houses should be erected in a proper Place nearer to the

4 Spurn Point than the Place where the then Light-houses stood; and that John Angel, then of Stocks

well, in the County of Surrey, Esquire, as Owner of Three-fourth Parts of the said Light-houses, Re-

4 venues, Duties, and Profits, having had frequent Applications made to him, or his Agents, by the

4 Corporations of the Trinity Houses of Deptford Strond and King/hn upon Hull, and also by Leonard

4 Thompson, therein named, and all possible Means having been used to prevail on him to change the

4 Situation thereof, in such a Manner as that they might answer the good Ends and Purposes for which

4 they wers originally deligned, had, from Time to Time, wholly neglected or refused so to do, or to

. a 4 contribute

t^ooooie

